&gt; You'll definitely not stay that low given the difficulty of your schedule That’s exactly what we’re saying when we bring up point differential. Not that we’re suddenly a playoff team, but that we’re not the worst team in the West.
That's huge! Way to go!
Too bad they run their car dealerships like shit.
I worked for LHM in Murray, Utah for years of my life and it was (and still is) the worst job I've ever worked. My managers were all related to the Millers and were underqualified and had no experience or idea of how to resolve issues. I won't ever consider buying anything from them and I would recommend others avoid them too.
The internet is a bad place. Not defending her, but so much vitriol for something we've only heard one side of and for someone none of us have met is nuts.
Fuck.
He was awesome while here but man, USC QB's have a horrible track record in the league...
Yeah, it's easy to meme, but Darnold was incredible for us. 2016 had Clay Helton yelling at kids that if they want to transfer, he'll sign the papers for any one of them. Darnold came in and changed everything. Now we have another Rose Bowl and our first Pac 12 Championship. He had trouble turning the ball over, especially in the Cotton Bowl, but I'll forever remember the incredible deep ball throws and the way he had a knack for avoiding the sack and making great throws while rolling to his right. I'm rooting for the kid at the next level.
Except Darnold hasn't appeared in really terrible anti-abortion commercials!
It has nothing to do with Darnold. I was merely saying that they don't have a great track record, not that because Leinart was bad, Darnold will be bad.
Because I was responding to a comment that was implying Darnold sucks.
Nah man, let that scholarship go to someone who needs it (if you had 550m in the bank).
Lol congrats
I was rejected by Washington too ☹️ L&amp;C here I come...
Lonzo was doing fine up until he got hurt. Not Jayson Tatum, Donovan Mitchell, or Kyle Kuzma fine, but I’m happy we have a good 20 year old point guard.
Sure, but you’re trying to make it seem like the front office completely fucked up by taking Lonzo, when that’s not the case at all. (Or at least that isn’t apparent quite yet)
I got rejected from my #1 school (it was kind of a reach anyway), so I’m hoping that UIUC finally sends out a wave
These posts are so annoying.
He's a 5th round pick in my eyes. Good for him.
I was kinda surprised by this, but we should be okay at WR. I love Pittman and Vaughns. Hoping he ends up on the same team as Darnold!
That's because the media is obsessed with LeBron and PG coming, just like the media always obsesses over Free Agents. Lakers fans know that we're in a rebuilding period and shouldn't expect playoff success until at least 3-4 years from now.
How so?
Awesome! I submitted just a few days after you, hope to hear back soon and perhaps I’ll be joining you!!
March or April
Good lord this comment section is a disaster.
Or men will finally be cognizant that this behavior is unacceptable and will not behave in that way, because they know it can tank their careers if they do.
We’re not talking about the legal system, we’re talking about believing an individual’s account. I don’t need proof to believe every single thing I hear. You also can make choices individually about how much you choose to believe in victims of sexual assault and their accounts, but if you’re going to demand proof of every instance of sexual harassment or assault, you’re looking for the wrong things. Hell, I believe there were only 2 accounts in all the Harvey Weinstein accusations that actually had what OP would call “proof.” So were the 50 some odd other women just lying?
I’m not talking about this in case in specific, and neither was OP. “At this rate” is talking about a general trend, which I view as positive and OP views as negative.
Lmao she HAS directed a movie.
The Spurs aren’t lottery-bound?
I hope it’s shifting, but i feel like if he has a 3-16 game and bricks some open three’s, this sub will go right back to proclaiming he’s a bust and saying that Lavar Ball is worse than Donald Trump.
And Trump was not. So in 2016 if you said the President is a lying racist, it would mean Obama, would it not?
Sheesh he was not brought in to "win the west", that team had so many injury problems. How do you expect a guy starting Chalmers to win the west in his *first season*? If that's the criteria, we'd better fire Luke too and try to get Popovich ASAP.
The campus at Lewis and Clark is the most gorgeous of the 13 campuses I've visited (though I've only visited primarily western law schools).
Ay congrats! That's huge!
He was a huge part of them getting a ring in 2016 so I'd say it worked out for LeBron.
If I was a Cleveland fan I wouldn't regret it too much. His drop off was unforseen (and he may bounce back to what he was before), he was definitely overpaid but he would have been an expensive player no matter what. That's what happens to consistently great teams- they have to overpay to keep young guys.
11/29!
I downvoted because it was irrelevant, OP was just happy to find someone on a dating app who liked what they liked. I don’t think OP was treating girls like aliens at all, and it felt unnecessary. I agree with Sara520’s point completely, but felt like OP was not doing that and was just happy to meet someone like them, so no need for the comment imo.
Ofc
I'm doing fantastic after my acceptance from UIUC yesterday. I'm very close to putting my deposit in, which is a GREAT feeling. My wife is also very supportive, so we celebrated last night and are in very good spirits today!
I applied Nov. 29, haven't heard back.
What about I Don’t Feel At Home in this World Anymore? It’s Such a Beautiful Day? Is any title longer than 5 words the height of pretension?
Yeah, we’ll have to agree to disagree. Obviously if you consider my flair I have no problem with long album titles.
Irvine
He was terrible in our first matchup against him.
Congrats! I submitted on 11/29, still have yet to hear back...
So far, no wave for me...
It’s been rough at parts. She’s from Portland and REALLY wanted to end up at L&amp;C, but i received a far better offer from another school that has much better bar passage rates, big law outlook, and employment rates. If i were to make a post about it in here, it would be a no brained to go to this other school. My wife has been VERY supportive and hasn’t complained, but I can’t help but notice she’s a little disappointed we won’t be going to Portland (which I completely understand). So I feel like I’m letting her down even though i think I’m making the best decision for our future. It’s a bad feeling.
Absolutely incredible film.
Long Dumb Road was great and I hope it means more starring roles for him in the future.
Loved your write-up /u/1080TJ! Got teary eyed just reading the lyrics of Regret. Gonna put this album on AGAIN and it will probably start a weeks-long Fiona Apple kick.
Way to accept being wrong.
Yes, early on their music felt fresh and new, their melodies would stick and it felt like Lauren had something to say, that she wanted to get out there. The way she screamed the choruses and had piercing one-liners gave it some urgency. I don't get that from this single, it's far too laid back and the production seems phoned in. They may have tapped out creatively. I'm a big fan of Bones and I thought their last album was decent, but this single has me nervous for the new album.
I’ve visited a lot, it’s gorgeous scenery but there’s not much to do if you’re a city person.
This album seems a lot more accessible than TLOP
This thread is hilarious with the takes
All of you who are rating it after one listen on a stream are stupid. How are you supposed to properly catalog this in Kanye's discography after a single listen on a live stream?
And then comparing the bootleg to a Scorsese flick
Yeah I have it just behind MC but ahead of Fox Confessor (which was my first Neko album so it has a special place in my heart)
I can’t believe this is upvoted.
Well you just have to look at my flair to know I agree with you on that last part!
Duncan wasn’t suspended.
Lmao his injury this year with his knee was a freak accident with javale just falling on him. When he played this year it was one of his best seasons and he was an all NBA level player. If you put him onto any team in the league they would immediately get better. He’s definitely worth the max.
They absolutely ripped him apart in this review. It read like they gave him a 1.7 and not a 7.1.
&gt; I should have never let a man from Toronto, let alone Canada, impregnate me Wait what
Klay is so underrated on his own. In 2016 after Curry went down in the playoffs he dropped 26.5 on like 49/44/89 shooting for a round and a half and could’ve taken out the Blazers with him as the number one option.
This is the correct take, they’ve each had one good game, one bad game, and one nuclear game.
That smug ass look on his face when he’s asking him the question. Fuck that guy.
Believe it or not the players know more about other NBA players than you do.
She has a dream of it happening. Remember the scene with the ants? It’s at the end of that.
The WCF was the Finals this year, and that was a hell of a series.
Lol
You mean changed it from a 5 game series to a 4 game series, right?
And Curry made the clutch and-1 that made OT possible
I’m pretty sure it was paint thinner based off her discussion a couple scenes before.
I agree, I think of WTT as outtakes of MBDTF because the beats are all incredible and Kanye is (mostly) on his game throughout. It’s not peak Jay, but he’s fine on it. I feel like it’s a much more complete record than KSG.
Do you think there’s any value or appreciation in discussing what the artist is trying to do or say with their choices?
What about the WCF? How was that not competitive?
They swept the Pelicans- Jrue Holiday isn’t enough to swing literally 4 games. Mike Conley only missed one game, and then came back and played just as well as his season averages, and shrugged off any injury concern in interviews. Curry always played well against Beverly, and that series was such a blowout that again, he’s not going to swing 4 games. The Cavs series is a fair one to bring up, but in 2016 the Cavs required the Warriors to have key injuries to Curry, Iggy, Bogut, plus a very questionable suspension for Draymond to win. There’s definitely an argument to make that the Warriors could have won the 2017 Finals without signing KD, which the OP casually shrugged off as if they sucked before they got Durant.
No one cared about those mid-00s Spurs titles. Those years were just pretty weak times in the NBA relative to now. I think the 05 Spurs were probably the least hyped title team other than this year.
The only thing I remember about the end of 06 was on the post game show after the Heat won, Michael Wilbon said he’d rather have Dwyane Wade than LeBron lol.
&gt; I guess you just don’t like basketball This is so stupid. You can believe that LeBron is a phenomenal player and still root against him. I absolutely hated LeBron during his Heat years and am indifferent toward him now. I still recognize him as easily the best player of his generation and top 3 all time. Stop gatekeeping.
Bball ref gives Iggy a less than 5% chance to make the Hall. He’s not a lock.
He’s not. I’d say he’s in the 7-15 range somewhere depending on how I’m feeling that day.
Eh, I felt it was super reactionary that year. LeBron has just had his first insane season and did well in the playoffs, Wade had a ton more help than he did. It was a debate for sure but I felt like LeBron easily won the debate even back then.
This wouldn’t be until 2020. It makes no sense to speculate on the market and what teams are going to look like by then.
He played DPOY level defense in the playoffs this year. If he knows how much money is on the line I could definitely see him balling out and winning a DPOY.
But reporters wouldn’t be reporting it if it was one of those meetings is OP’s point.
Ingram + Kuzma + 2 future 1sts is a much better offer, plus the Sixers may be scared off from the idea that it would just be a rental for Kawhi.
&gt; Kuzma for Russell straight up definitely has potential to be wack in a few years I guess, but are we just assuming that Kuzma doesn’t grow at all and Russell turns out to be a superstar? I find it far more likely that Kuzma will be a 16-20 ppg scorer and Russell tops out as a fringe all-star player in the East, in which case the deal is a win for us if we sign any FA’s this summer.
I wanna see Kawhi play healthily again and match his production from 2017 before I’m putting him over Davis, Harden, and Steph.
San Antonio was on his short list of teams. It didn’t seem at all like Kyrie’s reasons were market related.
Trading our young core for Kawhi doesn’t make us relevant again. We would need to trade our young core for Kawhi AND sign great free agents to get there.
*Ye* and *Kids See Ghosts* are no where near Kanye’s peak in terms of quality. Lol at the downvotes. If you think Ye is close to as good as an album like Late Registration then I don’t know what to tell you.
Came here to say this lol, it was a good rookie year but not one of the greatest of all time
I like the show, I just wish there was a way they could do it right before the playoffs start. It probably wouldn’t work out but it’s better than doing it at the end of June.
Claws was okay in the first season but the second season has been bad so far.
She collaborates on her lyrics, people act like she just shows up and looks at a sheet and sings it and goes home.
A locker room with D’angelo and Dwight, this should be fun
Or raise the price to $20 and give us 7 movies a week.
People hate MoviePass and want it to fail because they had to wait a month for their cards to arrive. So something new comes in and they declare it dead. I will probably use MoviePass until it dies. I would much rather go to an independent theater.
I do this all the time (probably once a week) and have been verifying my ticket since March. Haven’t heard anything from them.
No way
&gt; just playing the game instead of being celebrities To be fair that’s how Lonzo is. He’s not an outspoken player at all. He does a few commercials and stuff, but he never boasts or demands attention. He says all the boring things he’s supposed to in interviews.
&gt; top 15 ever type of guy. Lmao stop
You definitely can. He has the build, sure, but tons of players throughout history have been strong and athletic, and the majority are not top 15. The only player who started as slow as Brown in the top 15 of all time is Kobe, and I just don’t think Brown has the potential to be nearly as good as Kobe was, even with his size. Brown hasn’t even had one season as good as Melo’s first two years (since he was the initial comparison), and he’s far from the top 15 of all time.
Yeah I'm gonna watch, sorry
I mean it played festivals before the wide release, but it came out in the US as well as France in spring 2017.
He averaged 14.5 in the regular season, which isn’t 17. Melo at 21 was a more valuable player, and again, **he’s not sniffing the top 15 of all time.** If you were to say Jaylen Brown has the potential to be an all-star, I wouldn’t disagree. If you were to say he could be an All-NBA guy, it would be an interesting debate. Saying he would be top 15 ever, better than players like Kevin Durant, Scottie Pippen, Dwyane Wade, Karl Malone, Charles Barkley, Patrick Ewing, etc. is absolutely insane.
This wouldn’t be a Ziggy list without A$AP and Papa John Misty. Way to stay true to the brand
No Verdugo means you are CANCELLED
I mean this trade kinda blows.
I just don’t think Gortat is any good. I understand dealing Rivers, but I don’t think the return they got is worth it. Rivers has been pretty decent lately. Either way, I don’t think this a deal where you look at it and say “Jerry West is a genius.”
And Gortat is not a good player.
Both expiring and for the same amount of money. I guess we’ll see what they do with Deandre. I don’t think Gortat is good, but there also aren’t a lot of good centers available on expiring deals.
So was Rivers..?
It’s hilarious to me that a Thunder fan is criticizing a star player for **not** forming a superteam.
Then what the hell is your point? That he should take less money to go play elsewhere, just because? Also, Chicago without Melo won 50 games that year, plus Butler was made an all-star and an all-defense level team. Derrick Rose has his best post-injury season. You don’t think if Melo signs there, then they wouldn’t be drummed up as a “new superteam”?
Lmao what better offer are the Spurs gonna get than some combo of Ingram/Kuzma/Lonzo/Hart? Yes there are better young players throughout the league but none of them play for teams in positions to make a trade for Kawhi. Philly is the only competitor, but their assets aren’t so much better than ours that it would “blow your mind.”
If the goal is to get Kawhi I don’t think there’s anyone on this team who is untouchable.
If the first we get from the Nuggets is of good enough value, then that would be included in the Kawhi deal along with Ingram and a first from us. Idk, that’s not my ideal offer by any means but that was me responding to OP’s question about how we’d get a pick from denver. They need a point guard.
No way. He wasn’t physically capable of playing 5 productive minutes even in the 2016 season.
Lmao stop it with this
Just look at basketball reference under shooting. He’s shooting 59.6% from 0-3 feet. Up from 49.4% last year.
I agree, my least favorite thing is that overrated isn’t at all a description of the quality of the given thing. For example, if there’s a movie that you think is overrated, it could still be a very good movie that is not worthy of the degree of praise it gets. So, instead of actually talking about how you feel about it, you just say that the few comments you’ve seen on reddit seem to like it too much, so it just gets labeled as overrated and effectively thrown out.
The salt
This isn't how you get gold, my friend. Edit: well shit
This is definitely an unpopular opinion, lol.
I swear if lebron has it with 5 seconds or less, we score points every time
Eh I don’t really agree with that for ‘06. Shaq wasn’t having the same impact and that was a big story in the media. After the Heat won, all the sudden people were arguing Wade vs. LeBron, and Michael Wilbon famously said during the postgame show that he’d rather have Wade than LeBron. Wade’s stock rose tremendously and he got a ton of credit then, just like he does now.
These posts are so annoying.
I'd take him over Dunn and CP3 at this point in his career. Wall only tries on defense half the time, but when he's locked in he's probably as good as Lonzo if not better. No argument on those other guys though. Lonzo is not top 3 at his position, but at the age of 21 that's not really the worst thing in the world.
This list is pretty similar to my own, so I declare it the best list so far. Really though, so happy for Tierra Whack. Best new artist of 2018.
We don’t want him. But also, fuck you too buddy.
USC would never hire Urban Meyer in a million years.
No thanks
Definitely the biggest omission from this list.
No music is inherently "worthy" of a top 16 spot, this list is subjective to the tastes of the editorial board of NPR. NPR has praised music made by men for 50 years, looks like this year they decided that the best music made was made by women.
Yeah, and he had an okay year all things considered. Definitely has a turnover problem, but hopefully with an actual offensive game plan each week he’ll start living up to his potential.
Yeah, it’s not like USC has historically been a great program with excellent recruiting.
What rivalries even exist anymore? Lakers and Celtics, maybe Knicks-Celtics, and whenever the Texas teams play in the playoffs it’s exciting. Other than that they are nonexistent.
And you have no concept of the landscape of the league right now. Rivalries are created around players now. You think the Warriors-Cavs rivalry is still a thing? If KD leaves, is there still going to be a big show every time the Warriors play the Thunder? Rivalries are based on players, not teams, in the modern NBA. That’s why playoff seeding 1-16 makes the most sense- get more teams with stars on them and make them go head-to-head.
Hypo's like these are stupid. You can't just say "average team" as a control. What's an average team? Is this team built around Klay's skillset? Are his teammate's average role players playing in their role, or are they really young guys who make mistakes, don't play good defense, etc. What is the coaching staff like? What type of offense do they run? Are they in the west or the east? These things all matter when just evaluating a player. People forget that it was only a little over a year ago that people were saying Kyrie couldn't lead a team by himself to the playoffs and we had to have this entire stupid debate. What we do know is that when Curry went down in 2016, Klay played out of his mind offensively and the Warriors won a playoff series in his absence.
He's 5x the defender Booker is.
Shoutout Tierra Whack! The video for Whack World is incredible. Favorites are “Fruit Salad”, “Pet Cemetary”, and “Fuck Off.” She’s been on most year-end lists I’ve seen, I wonder if Pitchfork putting her at #2 on here means that she’ll land high on the year end list.
Obviously different because that came together organically as opposed to artificially, but I see how a Nets fan would be salty.
I’m fine with sleeves; I’m fine with no sleeves. But what I hate is the undershirt.
You can’t settle a criminal suit dude lmao
What about the other 4 rings? Did Timmy “dad dick” his way into those too? Or did he need the help of other Hall-of-Famers too?
How many times are we going to post this?
Are you serious? The DA files criminal charges. The accuser files civil charges. Civil charges are what can be settled, which is what Kobe did with his accuser. You can’t settle criminal cases. If the DA wants to drop the charges, they can, which is what happened in Kobe’s case (presumably for lack of evidence). These are **seperate lawsuits** with **seperate parties.** I’m a law student, and this is stuff they teach you on the first day of law school. It’s really not that hard.
That’s not what I’m saying. I’ve just seen *this exact type of post* every couple of weeks, as if it is somehow more remarkable. It was a great move. Presti is one of the best GM’s in the league. You should be very happy to have him running your favorite team. I just feel like we keep seeing this exact post praising the exact same move for the exact same reasoning only weeks apart, when there’s plenty of other (non-Lakers related) things we could be talking about.
I don’t really agree with this. We added the second highest usage player in the league (who plays the same position as Ingram) and for some reason people thought Ingram would somehow average 20 points per game. I think Ingram has been more consistent game to game this year, and his defense is night and day better than last season. Admittedly, as a fan, I wish he'd taken a *bigger* leap, but I don't think he's legitimately getting worse as a player. I just don't think he's the best fit next to LeBron.
I actually don't really disagree with you. Like I said, I'm a bit disappointed from what I've seen from Ingram this year. I just don't agree with OP (and a lot of people in the media) who have said he *regressed*. He wasn't a better player in 2017-2018. I've watched every game of the last two years and I think he is just as good as last year, with some improvements defensively.
When did anyone who worked for the Lakers compare Ingram to KD?
He dies from the Drano, and the movie cuts off because his fantasy is over and there’s no heaven. It just cuts to black and that’s the end of life. Really depressing.
I guess the implication is that they're Christian, and thus conservative, and thus into conspiracy theories? It's stupid reasoning and I think has nothing to do with religion.
I grew up Mormon, all my family and friends are Mormon, not a single person I know even has a semblance of doubt about the moon landing. These two things are unrelated imo.
I'm not suggesting anything, I'm pointing out how faulty the reasoning is. Did you read the part where I said I don't think it logically follows that being Christian suggests you are a truther?
There have been tons of discrepancies, Love It If We Made It didn’t even make his weekly What’s Good. Those playlists clearly don’t have any indication of how they feel overall about songs.
This got posted like 3 weeks ago
Lol no way
I wouldn’t say I hate him, but I definitely don’t root for him. I sort of like the quasi-rivalry.
I mean it’s not like it’s thinly veiled or something, I had this exact same thought while I watched it too.
Please no just let us have this
Easily.
Finally some love for Neko!
Come to papa
Yeah but this guy watches him sometimes so we should trust him over the stats
Ingram has been really good this year considering we added the second highest usage player who plays Ingram’s exact position. But over the summer the media hyped him up to score 20 a game, and now that he’s not doing that everyone’s screaming about him regressing and being overrated. I watched every game last year and every game this year. There’s no fucking way that Ingram is a *worse* player this year.
A judge won’t deny a motion for summary judgment if the other side has no evidence. In fact, what this means is that the defense has not raised any facts in discovery that cancel out any of the plaintiff’s evidence obtained in discovery. Essentially, if Kap has zero evidence that suggests a plausible claim, it would have been dismissed by now. You can read [Rule 56(c)](https://www.law.cornell.edu/rules/frcp/rule_56) for yourself if you want.
Last year he was 5th in the league in USG, and the highest of any forward.
The lebron we added this off-season was 5th last year in USG. Donovan Mitchell was 19th.
So being top 5 in the league is “not that high” of usage?
Goddamn Green murdered him
He finished at 23, quit bitching
Lol what? The team they lost to in the playoffs is the same team that wiped the floor with your team, **and** made Gobert look silly. Really poor example.
Which 7?
I mean when they were 8-18 they were embarrassing
Take your own advice and just take the L man
Yes the 2014 Lakers team is very relevant to this discussion.
I’d actually love it if all Clippers fans were Angels fans, it makes so much sense.
I would say 1.5 seasons. Jokic in 2017 was not putting up hall of fame numbers.
This sub just ranked him as a top 6 player in the league, nobody is sleeping on Giannis dude.
Healthy Cousins is top 3 at his position, and his defense isn’t that bad. Again, this is assuming he comes back at least somewhat healthy, which I believe he will. I think they’ll get 90% of what Cousins by playoff time, and that’s still an all-star level player.
Let the sunshine in a 1???? What the fuck
Shoutout to that troll who kept talking shit about ingram not having any assists last game
Exactly. The entire film felt like it boiled down to Will Poulter’s monologue while they’re tripping on LSD, and if that’s as deep as you go, it’s pretty lame.
So far they would be correct.
In the final 3 games of the 2016 WCF, KD took 81 shots (52 TS%) and WB took 76 (45 TS%). It was nearly equal, and KD was better.
For the 2016-2017 NBA season, which was two years ago if we are defining a year as a season, which basically every sports fan in the world does. But if you want to be pedantic about it, go right ahead.
You didn’t say 2017, you said last year, and I’ve already explained why it doesn’t mean to most people what you think it means.
On an NBA subreddit, if you say “last year” on December 31, 2018, 99.9% of users will take that to mean the 2017-2018 NBA season, in which Russell Westbrook was not the winner of the MVP award.
It’s not one of his greatest moments, but he was in the Finals at the age of 22, and he dragged an absolutely terrible team there. He put the team on his back and carried them over a Detroit team that was heavily favored. I agree that he wasn’t very good in that Finals series, but I don’t think it counts as a blemish. Your criticism is basically that he wasn’t a complete player at the age of 22, which is a pretty stupid criticism.
If it gets us 7, this is extremely good value for Lonzo. To be able to go to New Orleans and offer Ingram, 4, 7, and another first down the road for AD would be huge.
We have LeBron which is something.
Don’t forget Laker legend Chris Paul, who spent all of 90 minutes with us in the PRIME of his career.
The fantastical-musical elements were by far the best part of the movie imo. The other stuff was just paint by numbers biopic bullshit.
&gt; it’s all on him Man this is what’s stupid. Their loss wasn’t all on ANY player, there were 5 or 6 factors that had nothing to do with Steph that affected their loss. I hate this style of discourse, and this comment is proof that /r/nba really is just like ESPN analysis at the end of the day.
&gt; Robinson improves his fouling at a pretty crazy rate to end last season Over the last month of the season (16 games) he averaged 3.6 fouls in 26 minutes, which is 5 per 36 minutes. So, no, not really.
D’lo would command near the same money and he’s not nearly as good as Kyrie. It’s definitely a smarter move to sign Kyrie if he’s willing to sign.
Lol, David Blatt only bolsters his point. The whole narrative behind him is “oh he got fired after making the finals in his first year and having success in his second year, he’s a good coach he just didn’t get a fair shake cuz of LeBron.” Meanwhile Ty Lue (who had MORE success than Blatt) doesn’t get any praise at all.
Well, one of us is certainly moving the goalposts, I just think we disagree on which person is actually doing the shifting. I don’t think the conversation is clear to you, because (as I laid out above) you’re talking about different things. OP is talking about big picture narratives (he was literally responding in a thread about a user on reddit saying Lionel Hollins’ team had success because the players were good and not the coach), and you want to talk about which coaches have jobs and who don’t (including interviews, which is laughable because David Blatt interviewed for and nearly got a job only a year ago, a fact you conveniently left out of your post). These conversations at their core are different, something you are either choosing to ignore or you view irrelevant to the discussion. Anyways, this is a pretty pointless conversation that could lead to us just going in circles, so I’ll probably leave it at that. If you want to leave another post insulting me and telling me that I know I’m wrong (lol), feel free. Have a nice day. Edit: made a quick edit seconds after posting after I noticed a typo and OP had already downvoted me to 0, which adequately sums up the amount of good faith he had in this discussion.
&gt; he cares about the fact that there is no actual competition which takes all the suspense away from the game. Did no one watch the Rockets series last year and this year?
This is an annoying take. In game 3, the Warriors were without 45% of their assigned cap space. The Raptors have one player who is injured but not enough to result in him missing time. If KD and Klay were both hurt but playing, I’d agree with you that it’s basically the same, but it’s just not the same thing.
&gt; predictably Well that’s definitely backwards looking. Those were all competitive, great games and if you feel there wasn’t suspense, you weren’t paying close enough attention.
&gt; Another malice needs to happen Say goodbye to all the goodwill and increasing popularity for the league. People don’t like to admit that this was a dark time for the NBA, and it would be very detrimental to the league if it happened again.
It’s not about respectability politics, it’s about the league preventing innocent people from getting the shit beat out of them by Ron Artest. If you honestly think the Malice at the Palace was a *good* thing, I don’t know what to tell you.
&gt; We actually have more injuries but receive far less coverage. MORE injuries? OG Anunoby missing game 1 of the Finals is not in the same ballpark as KD missing the first 3 or Klay and Looney missing game 3. Again, I understand Kawhi is hurt, but his injury is less serious than KD’s or Klay’s. &gt; Moreover our roster was considered to be Kawhi and no help That’s not how this works man. The roster you are fielding is comprised of players whose value adds up to ~110 million. The Warriors are operating at around ~70 million. That’s not an excuse, it’s just the reality. That’s why I’m saying this take of “Both teams are injured, no one’s at an advantage” is wrong. Again, I’m not making an excuse or taking credit from the Raptors- injuries happen, i totally get that. But the fact is that the Warriors have more meaningful injuries than the Raptors do full stop, so the people trying to say that they are somehow equal is just wrong. &gt; Nurkic This is idiotic and I’m shocked you don’t see the irony. How can the Warriors be lucky to face the Blazers without Nurkic **when they themselves didn’t have KD, a top 5 player in the league, for the entire series**. Surely that’s a wash, right?
I’m down for this.
&gt; should I really be giving it like a 9/10 because I assume I would have liked it more if I saw it 50 years ago? Well, that just raises another question- when you give a movie a rating, are you giving it that rating based purely on your enjoyment of a film, or based on the merit of the film (I.e. craft, the writing, cultural impact, etc)? Because if it’s the latter, then historical context definitely should matter. FWIW, it’s really hard for me to decide. Sometimes I’ll give a movie an 8 because the acting, direction, cinematography, effects, etc. are all amazing even though I didn’t enjoy it at an 8/10 level. And other times, I’ll give a movie that wasn’t all that good an 8 because it entertained me, made me laugh a bunch, made an interesting point about humanity, or whatever.
If you’re rating something based on your own personal enjoyment, use whatever metric you want. If you’re rating something based on the merit of the film, then you should definitely take into consideration the context and influence surrounding the film. And the car example is silly. Films are art, and there’s no way any art is inherently superior to other art in the way that newer models of cars are objectively superior to older models.
&gt; I mean what website is actually good for movie ratings... Letterboxd!
Arnovitz? No way dude lol. He’s liberal, openly gay (which doesn’t immediately mean left, but is often an indicator) and follows a bunch of left-leaning publications/journalists (as well as Pete and Chasten Buttigieg) on twitter.
Technology is certainly part of the craft, for sure, but it’s not **the** craft. There are a ton of movies that are technically phenomenal that are completely awful movies. However, movies that pushed boundaries and used the technology available to them to invoke that feeling you’re talking about really well, then it should be praised for that achievement, even if our technology has surpassed it by a lot.
Yeah and he definitely has some free market capitalism in him with his opinions about how there should be no draft and any person should be able to sign with an NBA team whenever they want.
For everyone saying “oh Toronto sucked and they’re only down 4”, you can also say “oh Golden State sucked and they’re still up 4.” It was a sloppy half by both sides and whoever plays well in the second half will win. That’s it.
Just saw the film- which scene are you referring to?
&gt; Also, when was the last time Michael Fassbender was in a hit? Covenant was a modest hit I guess, and before that you’d have to go back to Steve Jobs.
Kevin Love is a name that could be involved as well, maybe Mike Conley (though not sure that fits NO’s timeline). I don’t think Griffin means strictly a 2019 all-star.
All the bosses in that game (including Calamity Ganon) were so disappointing. Only fun one was when you’re fighting Ganon on a horse.
Nah you’re still the heavy favorites to win the series.
And the team’s net rating with him on the floor post injury was like +5, while off the floor was like -15. You can talk all you want about the AD stuff, and a lot of it’s valid, but he played great after the injury.
I mean they weren’t blowouts, it was more like when LeBron was on the floor we were okay-to-good, and when he sat we were absolutely terrible.
*Narrator* He didn’t
I don’t disagree, but it’s silly to think that he’s going to be that way in his rookie year. That’s why OP said **at this point.**
Yeah pretty much
I'll believe it when I hear it.
1. They definitely are underdogs in this game with no KD. Not an excuse, just a fact. 2. One of the best players in the league on their team just went down with the worst injury in sports while he was playing hurt on the biggest stage in sports. It’s also the very last game this team will ever play in Oakland, where they are an iconic franchise and have been there for 50 years. It makes perfect sense why they are making a big deal of tonight.
Unless you consider music made by women for lists like this.
You’re right that it shouldn’t, but over on RYM it seems to have a pretty strong correlation.
&gt; You can’t attack an IMDB list on the greatest movies of a decade just because the male-created movies outweigh the female. I can, and I do. IMDB stuff is shit, they don’t properly rate movies made by/about females or non-American movies in general. There are 5 or 6 forums I can think of just off the top of my head that I use to discuss film before IMDB because the IMDB list is primarily straight and male. When I first got into film, I loved IMDB, but once i started to appreciate non-mainstream film, I found it very unhelpful and biased. Same with RYM. &gt; and if you disagree with RYM or any other community-system then it’s simple to just recognize the fact that those albums are appreciated by crowds with different perspectives but that doesn’t make the album completely irrelevant to its placement No it doesn’t, but I can definitely disagree with the crowds’ perspective, which on RYM is biased against women and non-rock music. I’d gladly look at a publications list (or Metacritic) over RYM. If that’s your thing, then great, but I personally consider it a joke.
&gt; Lakers coulda waited a year. Lol
But not really far from it.
&gt; And no one else lol. You’re right, we’ll probably just sit on that 24 mil and do nothing with it.
You just gonna keep posting this same comment for more karma? Lmao
If we can’t afford a max guy, my hope is Brogdon, Redick, and Lopez, and then use bird rights to get KCP back and maybe add a couple of ring chasers.
Mystery of Love was in episode 1
Dude stop
I’m guessing they’re trading them for 2nds which they relay to New Orleans, assuming New Orleans doesn’t want them.
That’s absolutely a hot take lol
Terrible, terrible example.
No one bothered to even read the article or consider its points.
I want the Lakers to scoop up Korver
/u/LeBronIsABiiiiitch
What’s the case for MJ over Wilt then? Or Kareem?
The cinematography is the best part of Personal Shopper and High Life. Extremely impressive.
I’m hoping he gets bought out tbh. But yeah I think 2 seconds could work.
I hate that about this sub. You make a measured point about why someone lost, and someone replies to you saying “NO EXCUSES IN BASEKTBALL!!” No shit, I’m not making an excuse, I’m just discussing what happened.
Tbh I wouldn’t mind seeing Avatar in a theater again.
It’s almost like people can be entertained by different things than you.
No offense but I honestly don’t believe you lol. 5th row? Maybe in the upper bowl. I went to quite a few games that year and where i sit in the upper bowl, center-court was always around $35-40 (which is a great price). I find it hard to believe you got all the way down to the 5th row for only $10 more.
I think the phrasing of it is weird, but it’s a perfectly valid question that *should* be asked. “Do you think taking a sponsorship from someone who also sponsors the league you cover is a potential conflict of interest? How do you plan on navigating that?” Sure, he probably won’t reply, but part of journalism is giving these subjects the opportunity to comment if they choose to.
I was laughing during that scene because of its sheer ridiculousness, but honestly that’s one of the more disturbing scenes I’ve seen in the last couple years.
That entire cast for the 90s tbh. Pretty much all those early Linklater movies ended up having influential casts.
Durant’s got a torn Achilles, no way he’s better than AD when he comes back.
That’s some of it, but this is a better movie than Incredibles 2 and a MUCH better movie than Finding Dory.
Bob Meyers never said he was light years ahead of the league dude.
I understand why coaches and players would want no part in an award ceremony between the regular season and playoffs though.
Love that Jamila Woods album, happy to see it ranked first
One of the best I've read in a while. I love the way the characters not only speak to the other, but how their thoughts show what they're projecting onto the other characters (even if it's unspoken). The sexual tension is also incredible as the novel goes on, which makes it a real page turner. I couldn't get through Milkman, though I appreciate the prose. I just find myself a lot more engaged reading Sally Rooney.
Journalists aren’t supposed to be friends with those they are meant to be objectively reporting on. That’s like journalism 101.
&gt; Baynes got traded Yeah, to free up cap space to do this lol
Yeah that’s not what I’m doing here whatsoever, I’m literally airing a personal grievance with one frequent commenter on this sub. I don’t buy any of that shit about Ballmer, and that’s exactly why I’m annoyed at the comment about “why would Ballmer want us to think ____”.
It’s fine, I get to laugh at all the people saying the Lakers couldn’t get to 32 million.
Thanks for agreeing to help!!!
He’s said over and over and over again that the Lakers won’t get to max space and has shitted on the Lakers throughout this entire process (going back to February).
Hot take but I think it’s more artistically complete than Get Out. Us builds to a truly cinematic climax, while I think that Get Out gets away from its themes in the last 15 minutes and just wraps up like a traditional slasher. Each of these movies are near-perfect, but I think Us is slightly better.
Remember what happened to Giannis once the Raptors started putting Kawhi on him?
He wasn’t on the team in 2012.
Personal Shopper, Lizzie, and Certain Women. Be prepared: these are all slow, meditative movies, but her acting in them is phenomenal.
You could also just tag him as “contrarian”, every comment he ever makes it’s to argue with someone and he often insults people. Never is there a good discussion if lakerswiz is involved.
AD is better than both Bosh and Love were when they started playing with LeBron.
James Harden shot 44% from the field this year.
We’ve won more titles in the last decade than your team has.
You set the parameters lmao
Who would be tier 1 here? Off the top of my head I’ve got Shams, Woj, Lowe, Stein, maybe Haynes... who am I missing?
Every team sub- or did you forget all the Harden posts on your sub in the last couple of playoffs?
Lol what? Dude he reports stuff all the time.
Yeah all these finals showed us was if you trimmed 30 million off the Warriors salary cap, they're not better than Toronto.
Greetings from a fellow Californian who moved to Chicago (and despises the winters).
I'm hoping USC hires him as their DC, but it seems unlikely if he's still getting HC interviews in the NFL.
First Woj Bomb of the decade
Yeah it’s just some meaningless platitude that people put in these threads lol. His death is sad but I’d say 77 is a long, full life.
Yes, Good Time takes place all in one night (or day, if you wanna count the early stuff). I thought the larger scope ended up working well for Uncut Gems, and i loved the world the Safdies built. All the characters were awesome.
&gt; Kawhi drafted into a dying franchise Just lmao
Okay, huge comeback, super sloppy second half, that’s all true... but can we talk about [Kuzma’s hair?](https://imgur.com/gallery/i0444zM)
&gt; Lamar Odom was already addicted to crack. He was no longer good. Lamar’s numbers in 2011 (before the trade): 82 games played, 14.4/9/3 on 52/38/68 and was 6th man of the year. But yeah, sure, he was “no longer good” lmao.
You say not trying, I say trying and failing.
Don’t sleep on Viagra Boys (really tho they’re crazy lol)
Based on just this sub’s reaction alone, your comment is completely wrong.
The future is Phoebe!
Came here to post the “Out of Time” scene. Perhaps the most sweet, sentimental scene Tarantino has ever done, and it completely works. Beautiful and heartbreaking.
Margot Robbie was phenomenal in that movie. Kinda wish that everything around her didn’t suck though.
The “Criminal” dance number in *Hustlers*. Frank calls Jo Hoffa in *The Irishman* The entire wedding sequence in *The Farewell* Amy burns Jo’s book in *Little Women* The knife scene in *Marriage Story* And from a lesser seen movie of 2019, the ending number in *Wild Rose*. I listened to that song on repeat after seeing that movie.
16/10/6 on .510 TS%. It’s fine to just say that he had a bad month for his standards, but he’s really warmed up since.
Agreed on Lithgow. I thought the writing was abhorrent, and I’m just really getting tired of this emerging style of infotainment a la Vice/The Big Short/The Laundromat.
I'm shocked Orville didn't end up #1
My entire point is that you are replying in a comment chain about how LeBron would need to play well in the playoffs to win a championship, and that Kobe (game 7 notwithstanding) played well during those playoffs. You’d be an idiot to say otherwise. Also, you think there are over **50** players who played better than Kobe in the finals? Lmao
The duds are far more rare than the solid ones for Spielberg, even late-period Spielberg. I hope he keeps making movies until the day he dies.
There’s a gap between IMAX and my 64 inch at home. If you can afford it, I think the theater is always, without a doubt a better experience than seeing it on the couch.
Sometimes I forget this sub is populated mostly by casual moviegoers and not people who love film.
You asked a question and I answered it. I don’t want to watch things at home, I’d rather have full surround sound, a massive screen in a dark room, and no option for me to check my phone or talk to people around me. I find it more immersive. Plus, I see as many movies on film as I can, and you obviously can’t replicate that at home. Most people making the movie intend for it to be seen on a movie screen, and I think that matters. That said, I understand the economic element, as there are a lot of people who love film but can’t afford to spend money every time they want to watch a movie.
Yeah, I mean I’m glad that works for you. But we’re talking about personal hobbies here, and I just think (based on my experience), all movies are better at the theater. I also don’t consider going to the theater a “hassle” like some people on this sub do, but I guess that’s just because I live in a big city where there are theaters all over the place.
Jesus Christ
&gt; do more than 300 million in business every year since 2005. [citation needed]
I mean, you are nuts if you think the draft lottery was rigged.
Yes, that’s correct. Our class was always going to be small. That said, we dropped the ball on lots of solid recruits, so it’s still a disappointing class.
Anyone advocating for the current system is only doing it because that’s the way it’s always been. The college system is better in every single way (though I might do something like change it to starting from your own 25 so that scoring is a bit harder). There’s nothing fair about the way the system is currently.
All you’re doing is restating the rule, not arguing for its fairness. It’s unfair because the team who gets to score a TD is determined by a coin flip. One team is given an immense advantage simply from the coin flip. Someone mentioned that 32% of teams who receive score a TD first and end the game. That’s statistically significant, and it would be more fair to give each team the opportunity to score. That doesn’t exist in the current system, and that’s unfair.
Yours is such a bad argument. Why does Team A have to be told “don’t let them score?” Why shouldn’t that apply to Team B too? Because of a fucking coin flip? All you guys do is state the rule as if it’s fair inherently. The only way to make it fair is to give each team equal opportunity to score and win the game.
Our average is basically the same, the only reason Wisconsin is so much higher is because they have 20 and we have 12. We only have 8 seniors leaving, so we were never going to have a super big class anyways.
The Golden Globes doesn't give out technical awards.
Yeah is he available? Could we get him for Kuzma?
Wouldn’t be surprised if someone from the Lakers FO leaked this (though Stein doesn’t usually have the Lakers scoop so who knows)
Blonde Clarkson
Wouldn’t Bog get more than Kuz?
*Cries in Matt Barkley*
I mean if you include Steele and McCoy, we were probably close to a top 5 recruiting program in 2019. And we are currently #10 for 2021 (although it’s very early). I’m optimistic that this is a blip due to a small departing senior class and not the norm.
Why is this downvoted lmao
Fuck Bobby Portis.
It’s not a legit point. AD has missed 2 games this year out of a possible 38. Quit trolling.
Meeks Cutoff is truly one of the best movies I’ve ever seen.
Certain Women!
Everyone else is just here to meme the title and the poster. I imagine half of /r/movies would *hate* a Kelly Reichardt film.
lol What kind of loser comes to another team’s sub to talk shit?
Hey maybe I’m gonna win something you don’t know me :(
Which lyrics are you referring to?
I didn't like *The People's Key* all that much, but Conor's solo stuff has been pretty solid for a while. I'm looking forward to this.
Pretty easily my least favorite. Such a step down from Cassadaga too, which is nearly flawless.
I use this sub, and I think that movie has only gotten better with time. I’d have it in my top 10-15 of the decade for sure.
Still their best album!
You're a Lakers fan, you're not allowed to root for your team on this sub.
There’s been a narrative that no one thought the Thunder would do anything post-KD, but then Westbrook went insane, averaged a triple double, and led them *against all odds* to the playoffs. No doubt that was part of his MVP narrative. And Haberstroh is refuting that notion.
&gt; And reading it he doesn't even mention Russ Uh what?
Why didn’t you just wait til the end of the game to post this lmao
Absolutely embarrassing loss for the Mavs.
He was solid for the second half of the season (mostly after the Pats and Jags games). Granted, part of that was the scheduling easing up, but I was encouraged by what I saw.
Lol this isn’t even some shit on the Clippers thread, it’s more just noting that through the first half of the season, they’ve been underwhelming at times. Even if the Clippers dominate the playoffs and win a ring, this post will still be true imo.
🙋‍♂️
&gt; Also I have no idea how they think USC is a top 25 team Because we finished relatively strong (something lists like these are built to inflate) and are returning virtually every impact player outside of Pittman. I definitely think you guys should be ranked ahead of us though.
I completely agree with you, having watched your last few games plus your bowl game, I think you guys are set up for another 10 win year next year.
Millsap literally signed with the Nuggets two summers ago.
Yep, people on this sub called the Warriors a “small market team” before their dominance. It’s basically a catch-all term for teams without huge fan bases or sunny weather, not necessarily “markets.”
Lmao he was literally coming off an all-star appearance when he signed with Denver.
Fiona Apple - When the Pawn
Well yeah; 99% of us just watch our team or the big games, but we have takes on all 30 teams in the league. It's how it works!
No one was talking about USC’s “fleet of receivers” until Slovis started throwing to them. But yeah, Gabriel is a total stud.
Your attempt at spelling Awkwafina is hilarious.
Bohemian Rhapsody was awful. Incredibly manipulative, bad acting performances all around, an absolutely bafflingly bad script (“We need to get *experimental!*”). Rocketman was fine but I’m not upset about the Egerton snub at all.
Leo has a ton more respect and he was the lead in a front runner for best picture.
So hard to tell on these threads what “snubbed” means. I think it’s just when people are upset that their favorite movies didn’t get a nom, as opposed to when people who had an actual chance at getting a nomination don’t get it. I just don’t understand the people saying “Wow [insert niche A24 movie here] got snubbed!!” like if you think some of these movies had a chance at all, that’s on you.
Think anyone on this sub actually saw Pain and Glory?
None of those are Oscar-y films. Even for The Farewell, it was always going to be an uphill battle. But I’m not surprised by Gems/Lighthouse getting shut out.
I meant specifically in the Academy. The golden globes don’t really mean anything for predicting Oscars.
I’m not sure why this subreddit hates Awkwafina *so much*, but I have my suspicions.
She gave one of the best performances of the year in The Farewell. Doubt you saw it. Keep trying to gatekeep though, it’s a great look for you
This sub doesn’t want films like The Farewell to be made, so they don’t care about stuff like this.
He’s gonna come in like “NOT ALL JAZZ FANS!!!” as if he didn’t also just generalize an entire fanbase himself lmao
&gt; Not best actress good Lmao if Charlize can get a nom for putting on some makeup in Bombshell, I think Awkwafina is more than deserving. You act like there’s some built-in measure of quality required for getting an Oscar nom, and there’s simply not.
Why should I care if they say it on reddit or in person at a game? Go ahead, explain that to me. I’m waiting.
I just don’t find acting performances that are essentially impressions to be all that impressive to me personally. There’s nothing I found particularly poignant or moving about what Theron did, it was just that she got up there and looked like Megyn Kelly. To me, that’s not necessarily a praise worthy performance (and I love Theron). My defense isn’t to be dismissive to put up Awkwafina- my defense is to point out that this standard of performance necessary for an Oscar nomination (“Let the trained actors win the awards”, “Best actress? Nah”) is nonexistent, and that the Theron nomination is an example of how award nominations do not correlate with quality.
&gt; If they increased best picture to 9, I don’t see harm in increasing best actor/supporting categories to 7. That would’ve most likely resulted in JLo and Awkwafina nominations. Yeah I think that's a great idea too, the Oscars are made-up awards so I don't see any problem with giving out *more* praise to deserving people in the industry.
I was feeling good two days ago that Once Upon a Time in Hollywood (a very good film) was all set to roll to a Best Picture win, but now I'm not so sure... Also, justice for Greta. I will never understand the praise Todd Phillips is getting for Joker, a movie in which I thought the direction specifically was cold and derivative. Meanwhile, Gerwig adds another solid entry into her career, and one especially that's just crackling with warmth and grace. I just don't get it.
Vegas has Parasite as the second most likely to win Best Picture... so it's obviously going to be JoJo Rabbit.
Come on man, it's the Holocaust- just laugh a little! Look at that Nazi officer in a silly outfit!
I think that's part of it, sure, but also there are a lot of directors in the Academy who probably couldn't give a shit how many people tune in for the Oscars who put him on their ballots. Plus, Phillips is got a nom in the BAFTA's as well (which is voted on by directors). I think some people really like it, and that just blows my mind.
I loved the meandering. I think Tarantino works so much better when he's doing smaller scale stuff, and that's why short little vignettes about some random stunt man or an actor whose career is dying were really effective. Not to mention the technical elements (along with the performances) were all staggering. I often think of that montage set to "Out of Time", which just fills me with so much nostalgia and love for an era of Hollywood. I don't think that level of sentimentality has ever been present in a Tarantino film, and it was beautiful for me. The ending, eh, I can take or leave it, although I LOVE Sharon inviting Rick Dalton up at the *very* end.
Who the hell cares about winning ROY. If he's healthy and good to go (as verified by doctors who spend more time with him than any of us), he should play.
Fuck no. I love all our guys and want them to win. I’m always going to root USC, none of this tanking bullshit. Not to mention the 2020 Trojans are the best group of talent we’ve had in 10 years. There’s no guarantee the next guy we hire isn’t just another Sark or Helton.
I usually am on board with what you say (we have the same flairs and I see you on /r/indieheads all the time) but this is one I just can’t get down with.
Watch The Innocents instead, which this movie is an adaptation of. One of the best horror movies ever made.
I mean, did you not see ARSB, Drake London, and Tyler Vaughns last year? Not to mention we're adding two 5 star WR's and a former stud at TE to the mix. Pitt was great, don't get me wrong, but we're more than capable at that position. I think ARSB could be even better next year. The more worrisome thing to me is the OL, not the WR talent.
&gt; New world record for longest album title incoming I'M READY!
Perhaps our most important player last season was a 3* that people on this sub laughed at us for starting.
Because it’s an unjustified stereotype that women flop and men don’t. That’s why this is a stupid comment. You’re right that men and women have different physical characteristics (fantastic observation, btw) but it’s not some biologically accepted fact that women flop on a basketball court and men don’t. Come on man, this is a gaffe and a stupid thing to say.
"I Want You" is a legit jam
Not a band but I can never decide which Joni Mitchell album is best. Most people would say Blue, which is probably where I'd fall as well. But you could pretty much pick anything from her 70's output as her best album and I'd agree with you. They're all perfect (outside of Mingus)
&gt; Yeah he totally has a case over the multi-year all-star who has been the core and engine of this Raptors team for years That doesn't matter at all. Just because he used to be an all-star doesn't mean he's an all-star now. Carmelo used to be a star too, should we put him in? &gt; Totally has a case over the guy who has lead his team to the second seed when sports insiders didn't even have Raptors making the playoffs. Does Siakiam not exist?
What's your solution then?
This is sort of where I fell on the debate as well. Though I think if you put prime Lillard back into another era where he's not able to shoot as many 3's, he's still an all-star level player. Just maybe not the MVP-level player that Rose was.
There's no way in hell this ever happens.
&gt; I really like slow shows with focus on characters and heartfelt dialogue rooted in reality. You basically just described Mad Men, so that’s my suggestion!
We have no evidence suggesting that will be the case going forward.
I mean Jordan himself kind of walked that comment back in The Last Dance. I think it’s fair to call it a gaffe. Also, he wouldn’t have been shunning 50% of the U.S. by endorsing a Democrat in a NC Senator race.
I guess I just don’t feel that bad for people being punished for using the N word in their not-so-distant past.
Northern Chicago suburbs are pretty nice tbh.
I was a backup for our JV team and quit after my junior year, can also confirm that I am bad
What Hollywood movies are there about women beating men at basketball?
Do you think supporting BLM is all that popular in Utah overall? I’m genuinely asking- I no longer live in Salt Lake and have avoided talking to most of my Utah friends about the news/protests/etc.
Oh I don’t doubt that for sure, I guess i was just wondering about the state at large. Most of my immediate family is in the SLC suburbs, but I have some family in St George and I can’t even imagine what talking to them about BLM would be like.
The whole “don’t get fired” bit got started because of how much Bill would subtweet over the years. And there’s been plenty of times where Bill would say “I could say more but I’ll just stop.” He’s done exactly what these Ringer employees have done.
On a pod with Haralabob, he said that LeBron wasn’t a great passer, but was just very good (as opposed to Bird and Magic who he said were “great”). Haralabob literally wouldn’t move on without telling Bill 4 or 5 times that he was wrong.
Thing is, no critics of Bill raised the point about House- *you* did, and now you’re responding to it as if you’re proving them wrong, even though no one has said anything about House’s pods.
You could do an entire thread of the best throwaway Coen Bro’s lines. They’re such masters of dialogue.
That last paragraph, my god.
Shut up and dribble Bill!!!!
I mean Moses is #5, it's not like they completely forgot about him or stuck him at 23.
Seems like I'm in the minority since I think this list is mostly about right. I'd probably flip Vespertine and Post, and Vulnicura and Utopia, but everything else is basically right. That said, **all** these albums are great.
I feel like you just use whatever year the Finals were. So the decade would be the conclusion of the '99-'00 season to the conclusion of the '08-'09 season. This current season is the first season of the 2020's, even though it started in 2019.
I think the stain on LBJ's record is 2011, and that's what precludes him from the Shaq/MJ tier. Even though 2006 Shaq was nowhere close to what he was on the Magic and Lakers, he was still really effective, while LeBron basically folded after games 1 and 2. I mean, he's still in the convo of top 5 Finals performers for sure, and he's probably 2nd only behind MJ if you consider **total** playoff record... but 2011 was just really bad.
As someone who only comes here every week or so, you’ve really hit the nail on the head for what bothers me about this sub and what keeps me from being a frequent visitor.
I think it does. Megan will forever hate him, but she’s able to move on with her life. You notice she stops arguing once he gives her the check. She says her piece and then leaves.
I was literally turned away from voting in the 2016 Dem primary in Utah because the line was so long. I waited 3 hours and still had another 30 or so minutes to go, and they decided to close the polls. So me + hundreds of others were turned away. Just because it hasn’t happened to you doesn’t mean it doesn’t happen.
Just downvote the thread and move on. You can even hide it from your view if it’s bothering you. No one’s forcing you to participate or even look at it.
I would support the mods tagging posts as political. But for the time being, you can read the headline, anticipate what kind of thread it’s going to be, and hide it if it’s not your thing. I do it all the time for out of control reactionary style posts that you see every year without fail in the playoffs.
Hey man what did we ever do to you? (besides giving you an amazing coach who our dumbasses let go for Sark)
Bill doing a podcast is not a “business call,” he literally has an entire platform based around him giving his opinions, mainly on sports but occasionally on pop culture or other current events. Do you tell Bill to shut up and dribble when he has a movie star on his podcast? Cuz that’s not “sticking to sports” either.
Can def recommend The Carousel, I actually just finished reading it along with watching the show again during the first part of quarantine.
You guys won 15 games
Exactly, which is why I’m saying that we should let it play out before we declare it an asterisk. Cuz what if the Lakers and Clippers have a tough, 7 game series in the WCF, and then the Bucks beat the winner in 6? 3 months ago it seemed like we were on pace for that anyways. So if that happened, I doubt anyone would call the Bucks win an asterisk.
There’s no need to shut down yet, but I’d push back on your “humming along quite nicely” comment. UT’s positivity rate has been trending up- last I saw, it was at 10.8% for the last 7 days, and Wednesday itself it was at 11%. That’s not a good trend at all, and I’m concerned.
Like I said at the start of our thread, I generally agree with you that there’s no major cause of concern and I don’t think Utah needs to shut things down. However, if Utah continues to test as many as they are, and the positivity rate stays around 10-11% (like it has the previous two weeks), then that’s not a sustainable trend and things will get worse than they are now.
&gt; ET: Lastly, I know that a lot of people have gone back for a Mad Men rewatch during quarantine. And as these casts get together to do their Zoom-unions, is that anything the Mad Men cast has discussed? &gt; EM: **Oh, I don't know. Maybe we have! [Laughs] I don't know. Maybe we have had some discussions about this. I don't think I am in a position to officially share anything. But, yes, we are aware that people are doing reunions and we've never done one, which is so crazy. We really all haven't been together in five years. So I'll just leave you with that.**
I kinda just hope they do a Zoom table read of a really good script. Maybe Shut the Door Have a Seat since it kinda showcases all the major characters? (Sans Megan obviously)
The league would much rather have the TV revenue of 2 playoffs and one shortened regular season, than 1 normal regular season and 1 playoff.
Explain to me the stand they’re taking by doing this.
So would canceling the season be some act of solidarity, would it come along with a statement, or what? Cuz playing games in Orlando isn’t an example of systemic racism, I’m not sure how you make that argument.
Why would the 2021 season still happen? Why would you just boycott this one season, if your platform really is for enacting change.
That’s a good point, thank you. Genuinely.
&gt; He chose to ignore social issues both the times. Is your position that wanting to come back and play **at all** is ignoring social issues? If so, I hope you have this complaint for all the other players in the NBA who want to come back. So far we’ve only heard Kyrie say explicitly he wants to boycott the season. No other players have chosen to go on the record saying that. So I’m guessing you would call every person in the NBA (other than Kyrie) selfish for ignoring social issues, right?
Or why it makes sense to cancel this season but not the next one, or any other season down the road?
His concern as reported in The Athletic was that resuming the season posed a threat from injuries. It seems like if he’s able to work something out with the league, he’d be okay playing.
Never mind the fact that most players who have spoken publicly also want to play.
Lou Will never said he doesn’t want to play. https://twitter.com/teamlou23/status/1271892478082215936?s=21
By the time Bob Dylan was Phoebe’s age, he had at least 3 classics.
LeBron is also a black man, raised by a black woman, with tons of black friends growing up and now. Why is it so hard for people to realize that he probably just cares about things like BLM?
There’s few things any human cares about to jeopardize his livelihood. Plus, I’d argue that playing basketball again doesn’t mean you’re turning your back on BLM, it’s not some morally bankrupt act. Everyone was fine with the players playing again 4 days ago. It’s almost like you can play basketball *and* affect change (which LeBron is doing, with his whole voting rights group he started).
It’s not a “granting of a right,” it’s an interpretation of a right that was already granted by Congress. Read Gorsuch’s opinion- it’s entirely a textualist argument based on what the word “sex” meant in 1964. The Supreme Court has never heard the issue until now, and this is how they determined it.
I’ve rated ~2000 on Letterboxd, and trust me man, that feeling of not seen enough never really goes away. I’ve seen most major films from most major American directors at this point, but the vast amount of foreign filmmakers who I haven’t explored always makes me feel inadequate as a film lover. So I’d recommend just to keep watching stuff from directors you like, and pretty soon you’ll have seen a lot more than the average person.
Do you not also think this is weighing on the mind of Giannis, or Kawhi, or Harden, or AD, etc?
Yeah thank you for this, it was late and I totally misunderstood when I added that to the title. My bad on that.
If LeBron played with end-of-prime Shaq under Pat Riley, the results would have been the same as they were for Wade.
Don’t be scared to watch Sunset! Midnight on the other hand... maybe have a couple glasses of wine beforehand lol
Holy shit this thread.
No wonder the last few days has been nonstop downplaying any player speaking up about BLM. Turns out a ton of people on this sub couldn’t give two shits about the movement.
Nah, the movement is about making strides toward truly equal employment opportunities, where it’s not any easier for a white male person to get a job in the NBA than it is for a person of any other race or gender. The fact that you aren’t thinking critically about this issue tells me you’re probably not with *that* movement either.
I’m more worried about the front office staff issue, mostly because we have no data whatsoever to tell us whether that’s an issue or not (though I’m guessing it’s mostly white and male). I still disagree with your last paragraph, there’s a lot of things the NBA can do. Expand the hiring pool to include more minority candidates, adding diversity internships, recruiting more women, etc. All concrete things the league could do with the snap of a finger to expand the pool and slowly and steadily fix the issue. It’s worked elsewhere in the country, unless you want to try and argue to me that Title VII is racist.
Her source is 100% Kyrie.
Why would snowbirds go back to their Midwestern states as the weather starts to get worse? Do you know what the term snowbird means?
... which proves Perk’s point. He’s set for life. If he says he’s willing to walk away, it’s way easier for him to do it than it is for Moore, and she still did it.
I’m very excited for this, but my God, the picture that Pitchfork used for this is truly terrifying.
This sub largely hates Kristen Stewart. Whenever a thread comes up about her, it’s always people just shitting on her constantly and a few people recommending her work with Olivier Assayas and maybe Certain Women. But those comments are always the minority of people.
The Twilight movies are pretty shitty, but we have all collectively forgiven R Patt for that. I think that’s because he’s a lot more naturally charismatic than Stewart, and he’s also done more crowdpleasing movies than Stewart has. Also, in fairness to Pattinson, he also has a few less duds than Stewart too.
I feel like Joni is destined for last place based on my perception of this sub.
Blue is better than all of them.
That is a thing that happened, yes.
This album has aged like fine wine too. I remember when it came out people were like “Woah this is good, where did this come from?!” because Fiona had completely disappeared after touring Extraordinary Machine. It seemed like even the people praising it were a little surprised. Since then, Fiona has undergone a huge critical re-evaluation, and with every passing year there are a ton more people discovering this album and falling in love with it. It’s kind of like the opposite of an album forgotten by time- it’s *still* finding an audience even now, even moreso with how high profile FTBC was.
Maybe Irma Vep or Personal Shopper? Idk why but the vibe I’m getting from *Third* is Olivier Assayas, so maybe check out one of those if you haven’t seen it. I prefer Personal Shopper, but I think most fans of Assayas would take Irma Vep.
Yeah, I realize I’m probably in the minority on this sub with that take. I like most of her songs, for the record, just not all of them.
Would you want the NFL to play on if you knew that .02% of the league and their families would die? Like if the grim reaper came to Goodell and said “Cancel the season or 2-3 people in the NFL will die, with 50 or so more needing to be hospitalized from Covid,” would you be okay with the season going on?
The season was shortened by like 4 weeks, and the Heat were the favorites coming into the year anyway. It’s not like they benefitted from the lockout more than any other team. Unless you’re trying to argue that the title was illegitimate no matter who won the title (which I think is a silly argument).
Might be getting downvoted for saying that “Stanley Kubrick is a genius” is a myth. He’s welcome to his opinion, but it won’t be appreciated on a forum about movies.
In early March (when the virus was first starting to pop off), I was REALLY hoping that things would be contained by late summer so I could make my annual trip to Petoskey and Charlevoix. For obvious reasons, we’re skipping this year, so fingers crossed for the trip in summer 2021!
Lived there for a few years in the early ‘10s, I miss the summers so much! Hands down one of the best vacation spots in the entire country.
Hoop Dreams is probably my next pickup. Rewatched it recently in quarantine and it’s just as good as ever.
I’m not sure about “we,” but the sentiment of the original post is stupid to me and I don’t agree with it. There are parts of it I agree with (for instance, I can get along with people who are religious even though I’m not). But I’m not going to tell someone who supports racist politicians “you do you.”
Just supporting our team man. I didn’t ask to be born in LA lol
That’s where I’m at as well. So many epidemiologists much more qualified than us redditors have praised the plan and have said that it should work if they stick to it. But if things get even worse than they are now (which is obviously really bad), then I don’t know how you feel safe sending the whole league down there.
Wow I don’t think I could disagree more on the soundtrack! Agreed with the rest of your take on Da 5 Bloods- I had it as a 3.5 comparatively, so we were pretty close.
You’re right, I should’ve just supported the team that none of my family or friends supported (and who was absolute garbage when I was a kid, the butt of every kids joke at my school) just to appease the random redditors 25 years later.
I also assumed you were talking about the Marvin Gaye soundtrack as well, which I thought was brilliant (hot take, i know).
Is it? I’ve watched my team win 5 titles in my lifetime, 4 of which while I was able to understand what was going on. Seen a few all-time players playing for my team in their prime, plus a few other future Hall-of-Famers too. Not to mention this entire city worships the Lakers, and the camaraderie is fucking incredible. Been to 3 different parades, and I’ve made tons of great friends purely because we’re part of Laker nation. I wouldn’t trade my Lakers fandom for anything in the world. I love my Dodgers, Trojans, and Kings, but none more than my Lakers.
Binge Mode is one of the most popular Ringer podcasts. They’re a terrible example for you to bring up about Bill giving people a chance and them subsequently failing.
The editor is a “she,” btw. It was Amanda Dobbins, who is from Atlanta.
Justin Charity is on great Ringer pods all the time. Just the other day he was on The Big Picture and fit right in. He’d seen more Spike movies than Amanda had.
Say what you want about Bill, but at least the guy doesn’t die from laughter when a guest blatantly admits to forcing women to suck his dick to get stage time.
Yup, I agree. It’s a nice effort but not really a success. I LOVE Girls, though (at least the first season- the rest ranged from pretty good to really bad).
Yep. Bill can have anyone he wants on his podcast, and he can give a podcast to anyone he wants. I don’t doubt that Bill’s daughter became popular after appearing on his pod. But don’t say it’s not an open mic, lmao.
In that 7 game series against Indiana, he averaged 29/7/5 on 51/44/78. He absolutely dominated in game 7 too, against a really good Pacers squad. We could do this for so many eastern conference series during that 8 year stretch.
Oh, definitely not. I think she would’ve made for a good co-host of the pod, but making her the sole producer and host was a puzzling choice to say the least. I just thought it was useful context to understand why she might have an idea for the pod.
Still nope!
How is it not?
Plus they’re going to be quarantined and tested for multiple weeks before the season starts too. If a bunch of players test positive at the beginning, it won’t affect any games at all.
It’s a fucking hypothetical, who cares lmao. If LeBron had hypothetically lost championships that he won, of course it would affect his overall legacy. I don’t think any person would say otherwise.
I’ve been looking for a new username, thanks
Boobs are in rn
Greta Gerwig’s Lady Bird.
Source of a peer reviewed study?
He’s not saying Covid isn’t as crazy as 9/11. He’s saying the news about Gobert testing positive isn’t as crazy as 9/11. There’s no way you can argue the NBA suspending its season is a “more significant moment” than the morning of September 11th.
Hurricane Katrina, Obama being elected, the killing of Osama Bin Laden, Paris terrorist bombing, Pulse nightclub shooting, Sandy Hook. All bigger events than Gobert testing positive, and that was just a few off the top of my head. But also, you were 4 when 9/11 happened.
Lol, Gobert’s diagnosis does not mark the beginning of Covid, what the fuck are you talking about? It was literally front page news for days if not weeks leading up to it. That may be when YOU started taking it seriously, but it was already an insanely major story. Gobert was just the first one that reached the sports world.
[Here is the front page of the New York Times on March 12, 2020](https://www.nytimes.com/issue/todayspaper/2020/03/12/todays-new-york-times). Gobert wasn’t even a top 5 story the next morning. You’d think the most pivotal moment since 9/11 would at least lead the news the next day.
Man of a Magazine is like, a straight Joni track. Love it though.
Partially due to an increase in testing. Wednesday was 15% positivity, today’s was 13%. That said, 13% *statewide* is still an absolutely insane figure.
KCP has played better than AB this year.
&gt; I blame the lack of a father figure in his life. Jesus fucking Christ Simmons
L’s all around for Simmons this week
Cool
That’s a lot of black (grand)babies on your Forbes list
Jason Kidd is the first who comes to mind
Username checks out
I support you and hope that however you’re spending your money, it’s bringing you joy, comfort, and safety! We’re gonna get through this, even if it’s not as early as we’d all hoped.
Joni Mitchell - Blue. Heavy on the melancholy tho
Fellow Music Box member here ✊ I’m going to my first movie in a theater this Sunday- soooo excited!
If a24 wants to start doing Criterion style releases for all their movies, I’m so here for it.
I’d love it if A24 started doing this type of release for all their movies
Lol yeah I was there for one of those screenings too. Funnily enough, that was actually the last movie I saw in a theater before everything closed.
Also now that you’ve said “art theater closed last year” AND “drive up,” I’ll just say that I think we’re located in the same city lol (I’m just living in Chicago for a summer job)
