Anyone who didn't already know at least ten years ago that Apple were a giant clusterfuck of amoral business practices kind of deserve to get fleeced. Apple is shit. Everything they make is shit. If you buy anything by Apple, you're buying faux-gold-plated shit.
It's a cult. Just look at the way Apple make their stores look like churches.. It's deliberate. They want salivating reverential drones to buy every shiny the day it comes out regardless of whether they actually need the device or not. Many people have taken the bait.
Yes.
Why? It's pretty fucking self evident really.
god, christianity, mohammed and islam are never capitalised by me.
Oh well. Looks like most of the bible belt is gonna die then..
Yes.
Not unpopular opinions. Objectively wrong and worryingly insane. Like Trump-levels of insane.
Sure. Burn the world because it hurts libs feefees. Just get fucked you crazy fuck.
Lies. Stop lying.
Not him. He doesn't even know what's in it. Border wall isn't there.
Yes it would. It would *substantially* limit his coverage.
&gt; Capitalised I'm English. That is the correct spelling.
&gt; Capitalised Is the correct spelling as i'm English. This is how we spell Capitalised in the UK. I'm right.
He's a fucking cunt.
The hulk rage at the end was fucking brilliant.
Ooooh dayum. You need to update us when that happens. If she's ignoring a judges order, she's utterly fucked.
"AAAAAH SHIT!!" *passes out* "WHAAARGARBLE!" *passes out* "BLUUREEEGH!" *passes out* "WTF?"
Pie day?
I elaborated later on.
Not clicking.
Well it is a mountainous desert.
It actually caused a stink in Saudi as well. That place was *old*.
It's good for losing weight and at least toning up slightly though, no?
That couple looks very wholesome.
STOP RESISTING!
And Trump is under investigation for fraud, rape, obstructions of justice, money laundering, collusion and treason. If trump can be pres, so can Bernie.
Plus, apparently it now takes less than five minutes for an egg to gestate and a further seven minutes for it to turn into a fully-grown adult drone.. Yeah fuck this move. Was pretty though.
Yeah that's fair. There has to be someone whose politics align with his, though.
Yeah, it's pretty much bottom of the barrel stuff. :( It's sad the bar has been set so low.
Freedom of speech protects you from the government. Not individuals.
No, Trump just repealed it because he hates Obama. His motives are far more simple than you believe.
Good. About bloody time. Would be nice if Spain could follow suit with bull fighting.
I feel sorry for those who watched the Saturn V get to the moon with the knowledge that in another decade, they'd see a moon base and people on Mars.. :(
This is sick. Just fucking sick.
Head to body ratio = D'AWW.
Yeah. They should just report what they *think* is happening. *"Tonight, Donald J Trump had gay sex with an Orangutan. More at ten!"*
I'm just waiting in despair for the day when he starts using language which de-humanises entire ethnic groups and is cheered when saying things like 'we need to get rid of them'.. When does this all stop? Will the rule of law do its thing or will shit get so bad a coup is attempted? If that's the case then civil war..
Civil war. They have no intention of being reasonable and simply want everything to burn. I get the feeling many will be genuinely surprised when people start shooting at them because of what's already been lost. Lots of the right have guns, but so do lots on the left. It all depends on which way the army leans and I can't for the life of me see them siding with Trump. I really can't.
Buzzfeed - who released the Russia dossier.. Yep, they're doing good work. Thanks for the complement.
Remember when Janet Jackson's nipple came out on live TV and the bible belt almost went to war? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
Way to look objectively at the issues!
Get fucked you racist piece of shit.
Then you're as much of a retard as Trump is!
Spare me your cliched words. If you can't see the damage Trump is doing to Americas position on the world stage and the consequences it will have for everyone who isn't already rich, then you're a lost cause. Sorry, but logical reasoning obviously isn't something in your already-limited academic repertoire.
They'll come in time, and then you'll be finding people other than yourself to blame because you and your ilk don't understand accountability or shame.
And thus the massive homeless problem in the states.
If it wasn't true, then his base would actually hold Trump to account whenever he lied. They never do. They believe *everything* he tells them, even if it's the most obvious of contradictions.. They then employ massive amounts of mental gymnastics to justify the lies.
Jesus that's a cute cat.
That cat has the largest whisker puffs i've ever seen.
Toobigtofail.jpg
Dude was amazing in Empire of the Sun. Only 13... Dude can act.
Apart from a heart transplant in a dusty desert tent in which the patient walks away from after five minutes rest.
"I'll just go to another doctor who WILL do it then!!" "Er... Okay then..." *Next morning*... "HI!! I'm Doctorb Nick! The 'B' is for BARGAIN!"
She had a nose job done at the beginning of her career. Check her out in Leprechaun 3 or whatever. She has a honker the size of Nebraska.
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe was when I first noticed her.
Oh yeah i'd forgotten that. Monica was fat and Rachel had a massive schnifter.
I know right. I can't imagine being surrounded by sycophants and yes-men my entire life. It's how people like Trump happen.
you put silly words in my mouth. The government *do* use diversionary tactics to steer people away from 'bad' news. If you disagree with this then that's your issue. Doesn't mean it doesn't happen though. Saying our government colluded with the Russians in this instance is very silly.
Possibly pushing 100 grand, depending on the sets.
Or divorce.
I smell bullshit.
The Weinstein case I can agree with. Multiple women have come forward with very detailed accounts and the police are currently investigating. Others, where it's literally something which reportedly happened 20 years ago where it could just as easily be someone had regrets after having consensual sex... Not too sure about those. Maybe a healthy dose of salt required.
Looks like potato
People with the logical reasoning abilities of children should not themselves have children.
Did you watch it with the sound off? :)
the little shake of the mouse cursor... Damn that was funny.
Most people sucked on one at some point. It's just a tit. You have boobs in daytime adverts in continental Europe and they haven't devolved into baby-eating rapists yet.
I have nothing against faggots, just as long as they don't look at me or rape me.
Black holes and magnetars.
Well they took everything from Manafort's house and he was apparently pretty non-paranoid and thought he was untouchable. They've got the goods on him. They also have SIGINT going back to a year before the election. *Everyone* is on tape and hopefully video as well.
I mean, it is a pile of steaming doodoo but yeah, this guy needs to show people on the doll where Armageddon touched him.
Lol holy shit. Your phone went full circle.
Once the snow fully covers your car, it's also an extra layer of insulation.
He'll probably resign sure, but please, concentrate on the points I made. They were salient.
Ooooh, dayum. He fucked.
When stars get as large as VY Canis Majoris, it's a bit of a fallacy that they're anything like depicted in this video. It's actually very difficult to gauge their true size accurately because they're constantly shedding vast volumes of matter and energy. VY Canis Majoris in in the throes of dying and will probably explode in the next 10,000 years. Right now it's outer surface is made up of ejecta. It definitely isn't a uniform ball of fire like the sun.
All hail Sloopy Noopers!!
It's dense as fuck.
Brown dwarfs are failed stars.
Yeah I got it wrong. It's the one in the center of NGC 1277
Ah I see. thanks for the clarification.
Hit the nail on the head.
Lol @ Apple users.
One of the most profitable companies in the world. :(
Buttery male?
He's literally a better person than you or I. The only person *in the world* marginally better than him is Putin. But that's because Putin rides bears shirtless.
It's like a kangaroo pouch in there.
Just browse as web site. You don't have to use messenger then. All facebook apps can go fuck themselves.
It's like Saving Private Ryan, but with one more death!
Spanish flu killed entire towns full of people. Coupled with the fact so many were dying in the war, ghost towns cropped up everywhere. When you've lost your entire family and everyone you know and are now the sole occupant in a town which used to have over a thousand people in it... I don't know how you mentally recover from that. Moving away or suicide are probably the only two options.
Holy shit. :(
Says the guy who thinks a draft-dodging, lying and malignantly narcissistic serial adulterer is a god emperor.
Which you don't require religion to adhere to.
I think it's only one of those things you know you have the ability to deal with when something that tragic happens. Until then it's only speculation.
Yeah. Five times the amount.
People are kidding themselves in this thread. It would probably take decades before you bumped into anyone else and in actuality, you'd probably never meet another person ever again.
Fuel goes 'off' after about two years. It goes all slimy. It's a very complex chemical that denatures very easily. Also, how would you get into one of the electronically-operated fuel tanks? It really is not very easy. At all. People would not be able to find one another. If they did, it would be one or two people. You're literally talking about 1000 people left in continental United States. You would not easily be able to find these people.
Prove to me it's not all garbage and i'll convert to whatever batshit denomination you subscribe to.
You can't have a sustainable population from such a tiny gene pool. Anything short of about 5000 people (i'll need to find where I read that) and you get genetic mutations which eventually doom the population.
I just don't think those areas would be safe. I think most cities will burn. What doesn't burn will be full of packs of dogs and a great amount of disease. You'd get plagues of flies for instance.
Holy shit, that is really sad. Do you have contact with your parents these days?
I was once putting up new shelves for my dad as a summer chore. They were above a chest which had several of my mothers ornaments on it. My mother used to have a habit of asking me to help her with something and I *had* to drop everything to help her, no matter what I was doing at the time. She'd flip her shit If I wasn't next to her within seconds. Anyway, she called me as I was screwing in the first of several screws to affix a rather heavy piece of shelving. I shouted that I couldn't at that moment becaus.... "NOW" came the usual annoyed retort. So I employed some malicious compliance and simply walked away from the shelf, which promptly fell on the ornaments, smashing them to bits. I didn't expect there to be so much carnage, but what you gonna do? My mother asked what the hell that noise was just as she remembered what I'd been previously doing at that point in time. I didn't realise one of the ornaments had been given to her by her grandmother many years before and it was one of her most prized possessions. You can't beat sentimental value. I've never seen anyone crumple the way she did. It wasn't histrionics at all, but deep, gut wrenching sobs of true unbridled sadness. I spent a long time trying to glue it back together but it was truly beyond repair. I still feel terrible to this day. She never did the "NOW" thing again though. I think we both learned valuable lessons that day.
Pimp out an 8bn Kronos fit and melt lvl 4's in under 10 mins.
You're adding caveats to something which is actually remarkably simple: don't hurt other people. Being gay doesn't hurt other people. Do not confuse being hurt with being offended. Sure, gay people offend religious types all the time. But that's not objective, that's *subjective*. Your molestation example doesn't fit because if the molester used the guide 'don't hurt other people' then he wouldn't have molested. If you *do* hurt other people, expect there to be consequences. If you're trying to suggest the very notion of people being gay actively hurts you, then that's your issue, not the issue of those who simply love each other. They aren't doing anything specifically to you, it's just you *choose* to be offended by it. The morality ball is in your court, not theirs.
"WAITER!! My glass is *really* dirty!!"
I wonder if Steve-O regrets having his own face tattooed on his back?
No, you initially said homosexual acts were sinful (in the way religious people love to do to feel superior) and I called you out on your bullshit. Now you're simply using the Ken Ham or Ray Comfort-style tactic of conflating the argument with petty made-up rules and circular reasoning. I'm not biting. It's funny how religious people are unable to grasp the concept of morality for the sake of it without being guided by a rigorous set of rules like the bible. I can understand it though. When I used to help with de-conversion classes (for people who'd realised how batshit their specific religious teachings were and required actual peace in their lives free from internal conflict) one of the most common things which used to freak people out was the fact they felt they'd lost something which gave them structure to their lives. The feeling of being able to actually choose for themselves for the first time was liberating however. They'd lost the sense that an omnipotent being was breathing down their necks all the time. In every case (some taking upwards of three years) they realised the freedom to choose was better than being penned-in by an outdated set of rules constructed by men from an age not relevant in today's society. In almost every case, their indoctrination happened from a young age. Where you think homosexual acts are a sin (they aren't) and that we're all sinners (we aren't) I believe the greatest sin is not letting children choose for themselves what to believe. They're consistently brainwashed by their local churches to believe in whatever crap their pastor/priest/rabbi/cleric would have them believe. I'm guessing you're either American or European right? That's why you're christian (or catholic). It's because the place you grew up in was predominantly that religion. Had you grown up in Mecca or Palestine, you'd be a Muslim. Your religious affiliation does not come from a divine all-seeing creator. It comes from your parents or community in the place you grew up in. That in itself is enough to question the veracity of religion. And regarding your last point - I don't believe in arguing for circular reasoning. It's the tactic so many evangelicals use to side-step pertinent issues - like the fact you called homosexual acts a sin and then tried to divert the entire conversation away from that to your belief on what morality is (which was literally your next post), specifically because I called you out on your bullshit. If you can agree with the statement that homosexual acts are *not* a sin, then i'll be happy to divulge your need to pigeonhole morality into some rigidly pre-defined state of orthodox regulations and archaic sets of rules.
I'll bring you one.
Well i'm certainly enjoying my time there.
It's almost like our understanding of the nuances of space, coupled with a heightened and well-evolved sense of science fiction narrative has rendered the entire concept redundant to the point that making any more is a moot gesture.
Happened to me at the weekend and there were only 600 people in the fight and 1500 people in system.
NERD FIGHT!!
They have too many suits who interfere with every fucking project they have. Just reading about Suicide Squad and how many people wanted to give their 'input'.. You just need someone like Fiege - who is an actual fan - to be the project manager. All narrative updates and changes should go via one person. It's actually pretty funny watching Universal try to get the same kinds of bucks that Marvel is getting. The only decent film they've made so far is Wonder Woman.
Yes.
Two years.
My potato salad is boss. Baby potatoes (obviously) cooked. Do not halve them! This will be explained later. Leave them to cool slightly Use half mayo and half creme freche with a dollop of ricotta cheese and mix it all together. At a sprinkle of paprika, some mustard powder and a tiny bit of tumeric. Chop up one gherkin incredibly finely (include a bit of juice as well). Chop up half a red onion incredibly finely. Chop up a small handful of spring onions. Chop up a tiny amount of fresh chives and mix all the above into the mayo. Hard boil a few eggs and roughly chop them once cooked and add them to the mayo as well. Add some salt and pepper. Now this is the part which divides people because it does radically change the taste but I think it's fucking awesome. You 'crack' the potatoes so they flatten slightly and you shallow fry them in a pan of duck fat (It HAS to be duck fat) until golden. A few minutes each side should do it. (optional) cook some bacon and chop finely and add to the mix. Add the lot into the mix after leaving the potatoes to cool for ten minutes and pig out. This is MY recipe i'm imparting to you here. I understand it's not your ordinary potato salad but I guarantee you it's motherfucking awesome. You're welcome. ----------------------------------- (edit) getting gold for a recipe in the Eve sub is absolutely not something I expected.
It's probably going to be as shit as the first one, but i'll still watch it because giant robots fighting giant monsters..
Do not underestimate the stupidity of Apple fans.
Depends where you are. I'm in the UK and you can get jars of duck fat at most supermarkets. If you can't find that, try getting tins of confit duck (utterly, utterly delicious in itself) and just remember to keep the fat after eating that juicy duck. If you can't find confit duck, then just buy duck breasts and cook a nice meal with them remembering to save the duck fat. Duck fat is fucking fabulous.
And conspiracy theorists.
He'd have to wear a prosthetic chin but i'd be cool with that.
How do an underfunded and under-staffed police actually control a million protesters? They don't. If May decides to ban protests you can bet your ass that will galvanize the public to say fuck you May, you twisted old crone and come out en-masse.
I hate nacho dust. It's coarse and rough and it gets everywhere.
Everything needs more Walton Goggins.
I guess it's just a testament to how I feel about that particular pitiless harridan. Point taken though.
Yeah I saw it and he was genuinely upset. Mortified even. I can't imagine what it would have been like for me at that age with the internet (I was in my 20's before it became mainstream). I used to do some stupid shit. Luckily, none of that stuff is on record. What that poor kid went through would have fucking destroyed me at that age. I've nothing but compassion for him and all the other kids round the world who find themselves the object of ridicule by the online community.
Your poor kid. :(
I have no idea what compels people to egg others on to kill themselves. It's truly one of the most fucked-up things imaginable. I remember a story from a few years back when some guy was stood on the edge of a building. A crowd appeared at the bottom with some of them shouting 'JUMP'. Sure enough, the dude jumped and died. Witnesses at the scene described some of those shouting jump running away laughing.. I mean, what in the actual fuck. Had I been there, i'm not sure i'd have been able to hold back from punching their fucking teeth out. *That was a persons life they just helped end and they laughed.*
I think, a lot of the time, this isn't their true nature. At all. What seems to compel them is the freedom from consequences coupled with the fact it doesn't seem so real because they aren't stood in front of the person they're taunting. I've done my fair share of shitposting in my time and almost all of it (other than confronting racists and bigots) I probably wouldn't do with such fervor to their faces. However, i've *never* told someone to kill themselves, etc. There has to be boundaries.
It's like when you find out the school bully gets the shit kicked out of him by his alcoholic dad every day.
Aww, that's cool. Good for the kid.
Garage.
Everyone who says it's shit is wrong. Every Spider-Man film *up until this one* has been terrible.
Yeah. This isn't Marvel. It smacks of what they did with the others before losing the licence. This film will be fucking terrible.
Ah yes in the bar at the end. You could tell 'em a mile off :)
Never seen it.
Yes. You can tell from the behind the scenes that he definitely DID have something planned. I just wonder how they would have changed Jar-Jar's voice in the reveal.
Jurassic Park was almost entirely anamatronics.
Russia totes aint bad guys. They're gunna *help* us in the future when those filthy dems decide they want to go to war with us because they don't like us putting black people and atheists in the camps.
Because they're brainwashed or straight-up traitors.
Oooooh, dayum.
Exclude Spain however. You get really good Lineker's bars with excellent fry-ups.
I get the feeling she just had a cold. Not sure how someone is able to get to work with a temperature half a degree away from giving you full renal failure.
An alarm clock.
Exactly. Having seen a few people with the flu, raising their hand to take a glass of water looks excruciating. Getting to work would be impossible. When my father had it, he can't really remember much of it after the fact. He lost two stone in weight in two weeks. He wasn't right for months afterwards. It really fucked him up. My great-grandmother had fifteen brothers and sisters. Nine of them died of Spanish Flu..
If you have flu, you're fucked. End of.. No one 'brushes it off'. You either get seriously ill or you're already immune.
"YOO-ESS-AY, YOO-ESS-AY"
Yep. Don't want it either. Anyone taking two days off work because they had the flu are lying.
I am :(
The white stuff that comes out of, you know... Surely you've fapped before? (assuming you're a guy).
Yeah. If there's footage of Trump beating up 13-year-old girls, then I do wonder what kind of mental gymnastics his fanatics will use to hand-wave it away. (that was just an example btw...)
Not his kids though. LOL
Lol, good luck facing down US army drones lol. I almost want it to happen. Will thin out the herd of crazies at least.
Ain't that right.
Yes.
Which really doesn't exist in the US. You could concentrate more on the gun issue. You know, schools being shot up and concerts being shot up.
Man, some people are such cunts.
Baaahahaha. Please don't do it whilst he's making a cup of tea or something.
I actually first heard the term on Top Gun. :)
What an adorable little fucking bastard.
I guess you had to stay cheap on this episode considering I watched you spend over 500 bucks on weird meat last week.
Bullies don't think about the consequences of their actions though.
Baaahahahah. They'd be another 'Blockbuster' within weeks.
Yes I agree, but we're kind of getting a little off-topic here aren't we?
This is very impressive.
I really fucking hate YEC's.
If you rearrange some of those letters it says HELP!
I though Jesus was charitable?
I guess they *hoped* he would. They're about to receive a whole hell of a lot of trumpgret.
It's an older meme sir, but it checks out.
People actually watch this?
Cash also watched as his older brother fell into a band saw and got cut in half.
Stupider than the dude who jumped into a cactus from a moving truck and then proceeded to complain about how much it hurts?
Bad cheese is bad.
I'm not going to lie, that's amazing.
Yeah, the Turkish army is the very definition of tough. You don't fuck with the Turks.
Very difficult conditions toughen people up.
Yeah but think of all the people who would lose money from black people not being incarcerated for marijuana posession..
This is great fucking news.
Yep.
Found the Israeli terrorist apologist.
Where's the grumbo?
Do we want elephants to become extinct? Because if not, then we need a way to stop poachers. It's pretty fucking obvious telling them not to doesn't work, so the only other alternative is to shoot them until they start to think twice. I don't shed a single tear when one of these fuckers die at the hands of a game warden or even an enraged elephant who just saw it's life partner get its brains blown out. Also, it's interesting you think it's locals who are poaching..
Yes, just like I feel sad for any child with a parent who does super illegal shit.
Yep. they have 1.5 trillion in the bank..
More than likely shenanigans on Epstein's 'party' boat..
That shouldn't stop America from signing the agreement.
Well, America is currently being a massive cunt to all its allies, so it's fair.
Ummm. You just spoke out of your ass in one of the most spectacular fashions i've ever seen on Reddit. Bravo! Now give me that citation otherwise you're just another science-denying liar.
This is one scenario where it's okay to punch a kid.
Citation on your numbers required.
Butfuck?
I truly hope so, or I fear this will lead to civil war in the US (Putin's end game).
If you're a 'world leader' then you need to lead by example. The UK, for instance, placed a 5 pence fee on all plastic bags as law and the result is that the number being used has dramatically reduced by 90%. The UK wasn't even close to the worlds leaders in plastic pollution, but they did it anyway because it needs to be done. I'm being told by people in this thread that the issue should just be ignored because others do it worse.. Well i'm going to tell you that's a childish, ignorant and counter-productive attitude.
You'll see exactly what happens when these countries enter into a trade war with the US. Some people i've spoken to seem to think the US can 'stand alone' on this issue. They're so hilariously wrong, it almost makes me want to see them start having to pay 150% more for goods and services. I say almost because I'm aware many Americans are actually smart and do not like the current administration (just like my family there) and these unfortunates will also be the recipients of such bullshit legislation. But at least they stuck it to the libruls, amirite?
I'd never do this all the time.. I love a good old-fashioned plain steak afterall. This was just something different. It's no longer a steak really. It is bloody lovely however.
Heh. I only asked because when I was in Italy, I overheard someone ask if they did a pineapple pizza and the waiter looked at them as if they'd killed his dog. :)
Found the racist hypocritical snowflake.
They're being sold off to people who specialise in human trafficking.
Sure. 100 million armed people could do a lot of damage.
no, they're just pointing out what is already law, which the current administration is blatantly ignoring.
No, to continue how they've always vetted asylum seekers - with un-broken up families.
There's a hell of a lot you need to learn about the world. You sound like you're a child still. One with developmental issues.
Hmmm.
If they hadn't released an option which costs 27k, then I don't think you'd be seeing al this rhetoric against it. However, it seems SC has become greedy and it's only a matter of time before the game gets shelved due to lost player base and bad publicity. I wanted this game to succeed, but the mode in which they gain finance is bullshit and is only harming the game now. It's pretty but has nothing of substance. for a game 7 years in the making, that's nothing short of abysmal.
And attacks on immigrants and brown people will continue to rise.. The man is a dangerous lunatic and I hope the rule of law stops him from continuing this ludicrous procession of insanity.
You gotta lose some time. Stop hogging all the winning!
Pretty bad.
Yesno
Will you be saying that after operation: 'Purge The Darkies' gets underway?
Something along the lines of: *Yeah, being married to you.*
Yeah it's a shame really. I guess it came down to cost at the end. Still, it cost a million per episode.
Pack it up boys. No more walking for me today!
Yeah and in 2020 it's gonna be Dems take every-fucking-thing for at least eight years.
Hmm yeah, I guess you're right.
No.
Hat.
Like an enormous Klein bottle. A three dimensional object with only one surface.
You can jump to any point in the universe and it will still look the same. If you were able to travel 13bn ly in any single direction, you'd end up with a different night sky, but a universe which still looks exactly the same.
The bootes void is terrifying.
Well they *should* be able to seize all his assets.
I meant to say three years. That's longer than Mueller has been working on his investigation. It resulted in the indictment of 69 people, with trials or pleas resulting in 48 being found guilty. Mueller’s team has indicted or gotten guilty pleas from 32 people and three companies — that we know of in less time. But keep telling me about that nothingburger.
It always makes me sad to see big guys like him, who are brilliant actors in their own right, given 'macho' roles only. Nice to see him break out of that. Dave Bautista was similarly typecast, but it seems he's managed to break out of that somewhat now as well.
Fake conjecture.
Giant space mirrors dude... (An actual response I once got)..
Remember when Infowars said Obama was going to turn your frog gay with chemtrails? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
Melanoma.
Still fucking amazing to me how complex their software is. Really incredible stuff.
You still get utterly owned if found with even a gram however.
Naa, he got his facts from a movie. :)
Act like a baby, get treated like a baby.
I guess you're right, because look at how many trumpers called him a genius. LOL
It looked like a melon and tasted of strawberries.
It's funny how a nerd can turn into a megalomaniac.
*Or* the Russians.
Chang'ed up all night.
She's taking ZERO prisoners.
I'm sorry :(
Good for you dude. In the UK, almost all of our motorways are covered by CCTV. The Highways Agency is actually really good at making sure all debris is sorted out as soon as possible. I used to drive all across the country for work and holy shit I saw some crazy stuff. I once watched as a solid metal gear the size of a dustbin lid fell out the back of a scrap lorry and buried itself in a concrete bridge support. This fucking thing chewed up about 100 yards of motoway across three lanes before it did so. The truck driver just carried on driving. You can bet your ass every driver who saw that happen had their mobiles out, calling the police. Some serious swerving had to be done by a few cars. Amazing no car was hit.
No, that's *literally* why Fern and Phil laughed.
I fucking love Andre Braugher.
No he fucking didn't!!
Baahahaha
nope
DEW IT.
Schrodinger's workload.
/r/hemorrhoid
Plenty of ways to make lots of money without sacrificing your anonymity. I can't imagine not being able to have a nice lunch with my family or friends without being harassed by deluded people who think they know you.
I'm starting to take the guy who said we have ten years left seriously. Ten years left. :(
It's fun. Lots of people hate seeing other people have fun because they themselves cannot have any fun because their lives are shit.
This is about the evidence against Trump in order to get that piece of shit out of the Oval office. Regardless of your cynicism, Trump is still going down.
So am I. This shit-show needed to end the day he became president. :(
Doge's just happy to be there and not at home.
"But I didn't know what I was doing was wrong!"
Dogs are okay outside. Humans, not so.
This is fucking beautiful. It also helps further-erode the churches power across the planet. I really hope things like this start to come to light with Islam and Judaism as well. All three branches are just as fucked up.
How many of those are Democrats? Oh yeah, the one who got a blowie from an intern. FAMILY VALUES NYUK NYUK.
There is no 2020 rhetoric. This shit will continue ramping up until there's zero way the GOP can mental-gymnastics their way out of it. I'm willing to bet Trump resigns before March.
Wow holy fuck.
If he was an ordinary guy, it wouldn't be. He's the fucking president though. I'd like to think the guy in charge of the most powerful country on the planet isn't a fucking speed freak. It's one of the most relevant reasons for him *not* to be the president.
That actually means it is better.
You meet a girl and like her. You tell her you like her romantically. She either says yes or no. If it's yes, well done. If it's no, then at least you can be her friend. This shit is so easy.
Yeah. Mdma
It's a lose-win. Technically they still lost as the people who dusted stayed dusted. However, the people replacing the ones who were lost are identical. They get to see their loved ones again. For all intents and purposes, they've been resurrected. Given the choice of never seeing my girlfriend ever again, or having an *identical* version of her to be with, I know which choice i'd take. She feels the same way as I do.
M'legsy
Doesn't she already?
They live in a different reality.
They're blinded by their hatred for black people
Go fuck yourself trump you fucking dick. Also, his supporters who still yell about the wall can also go fuck themselves.
That was a fair thing to say really. Thanks for the viewpoint.
'21'
Just checked out a vid of the F-35 and noticed it has flaps on the leading edge of its wings... wtf. I didn't even know that was a thing! https://youtu.be/DlrLAKwPGuE?t=77 Does any other aircraft even have this?
My god this is beautiful. That smile Schumer had at the meeting with Trump sure looked like he knew how Trump's statement could be used against him in the future. Now it's being used. Fuck you Trump you dullard. You got played again.
Shit like this leads me to believe there was no conspiracy behind the JFK assassination. If the CIA really had no scruples, they'd have done Trump a while back.
The comments are way more wholesome, at least.
Never seen that before. Some quick-fire jokes right there.
Toothless?
Wait, there are troops who want him to sign those hats?
Even when ugly sobbing, you're beautiful.
Wow holy fuck. That's insane. I thought my friend was mad for clocking 550 days.
Holy fucking shitballs.
Had a power cut whilst mine was updating. Now it no longer boots up. Just has a black screen with nothing on it other than a thin white line.
A true idiot would. Someone who is pure stupid. Like as thick as it's possible to get without dying levels of stupid. It's only possible with someone as monumentally low IQ than that fat piece of shit Trump.
They're illegal in the UK. That's why we don't have kids in schools getting zapped by stun guns. That shit would make the headlines over here for sure.
Jesus christ that floof.
She will make a good president.
It's a drone that has come here to take measurements and samples in the same way we'd send a drone across interstellar distances to do the same.
LOL
Shes bulimic then (or doesn't eat enough and is ridiculously athletic). Unless of course she's able to break the laws of thermodynamics. You only get this thin if you take on less energy than you use on a sustained basis. There's no magical metabolism which is more than 100% efficient at energy transfer or storage.
Portugal is our oldest.
Said no reasonable person ever. Wait, is it Borscht you had for lunch today?
Yoda??
That's exactly what fascist dictators say...
That's too fucking adorable. She squeaks as well - just like my old cat used to. :)
I asked my uncles why they wanted to leave the EU. They gave huge, detailed responses, and in both cases, EVERY SINGLE REASON for wanting to leave were because of how they'd *personally* be affected. They gave me nothing for how leaving would positively effect the majority. Obviously they both read the Daily Fail. That seems to be the main theme. I got mine, and fuck everyone else. I love my uncles but they're also old, selfish cunts.
I think we need to make a distinction here between state-level corruption and local-level corruption.
Does it justify having rocks thrown at you? How about they simply say, no I don't want to sell it to you at that price? Intimidation and violence is not okay. Conversely, if a Nepalese person came into my shop in the UK and asked to pay less for something, i'd fucking throw stones at their head. /s
Because they're actually two different things that work very differently to each other.
Get a room.
But with better morals, ideals and empathy.
It's actually because the lactose and proteins in the milk bind with the starch in the potatoes better when hot. If introduced when cold, the lactose becomes globular and doesn't bind with the starch so well, which changes the flavour and consistency.
Yes. And now they can both be relegated to the annals of has-been mediocrity.
She got her tits out in Powder Blue. She's got nice tits. That's all she is now though. A nice pair of tits.
You mean Powder Blue?
If you can call that dumb ex-playboy whore a celeb I suppose.
I mean, apart from the fact this is ILLEGAL, none of his supporters give a single fuck. I've just had a twitter rant at an asshole who just last week was screaming NO COLLUSION and is now saying it's okay cuz Trump is doing it... Fuck everything about this timeline.
That is a very smart cat. Also ridiculously cute.
This is why I always watch this event through my fingers. You have people 'flying' something akin to a hand glider, with a bar directly below their chin/chest, etc. Do these people not understand that something which is wide will stop almost immediately when it lands on the water?
Ass-first.
Well everyone needs to vote for Sanders then.
Brain drain in schools is terrifying.
They're welcome to try to 'force' the military into allowing him another term regardless of votes.
You must be Russian.
Ah okay.
'Reuters'.
Aaand, that's how you deal with that!
Go read up on WHY they are trying to get into the US and then tell me they aren't victims, you knuckle-dragging piece of human effluent.
The point is that the person dies quickly and painlessly. worrying about the mess is moot.
Wait, aren't most Trump supporters in league with communism?
I still have no idea who it is.
Drones. They're called drones.
Typical Gus.
Is.... Being on fire good or bad? It sounds bad.
He's a far-right money-hungry piece of shit. He's so obviously been bought and paid for by energy conglomerates. It's fucking ridiculous how this clown is in charge.
Yep. Now watch as they start fucking with oil supply lines.
She also looks SUPER happy about it.
Yep. I merely asked someone for a citation for saying Obama was a Kenyan terrorist and I got banned.
You say that, but it *really* started an infinite amount of time ago when the multiple consecutive sequential universe was both an infant and an adult (because time hadn't been invented yet)..
He's on the right side, just not the correct side.
That's like saying how can the torrent of water which washed away several towns because the funding was pulled for the dam be deescalated..
From a political standpoint, they are on the right, the same as UK conservatives and American republicans.
He *could* lift 40 pounds.. He's just too fucking lazy to, that fucking piece of shit.
Just think how this will backfire when images of the bodies of consulate workers being dragged through the streets hit the news. Just kidding, it won't make a dent to the resolve of republicans.
Well trumpists *are* known for their projection, so I can surmise from your post that that's *exactly* what you'd like to happen to you.
God damn I fucking hope so.
Indeed. It needs an overhaul and lobbying needs to be severely restricted. Things like the emoluments clause need to be adhered to amongst ALL politicians.
The Sherminator?
Death. They're all going to die along with us. It was fun while it lasted I guess.
Fuckin' A. Problem with that is, what's their incentive to fight? They'd just turn and run. What I propose is automated trucks with cages on the back containing these idiots. It'd drive into the centre of a war zone and they have to shoot from the cage until they get their quota of kills, or until the ammo runs out. Rinse and repeat.
But why would anyone be with someone so susceptible to ridiculous jealousy?
They fucked the new hole of course.
Sounds like you're just as emotionally insecure as the woman in this video then. My SO would be asking who on the beach i'd like to bang. Then we'd laugh about it. Then we'd probably go back to the hotel room for some fun.
Hooah.
Jesus fucking christ...
Only if you know how to use the three sea shells.
She shouldn't be driving.
Well this looks bloody lovely.
Yes. BUT (and this is a big but), if the driver is not insured, isn't taxed and the driver isn't registered to it, and it turns out the insurance company are unable to locate the driver, it INVALIDATES your policy. By their 'logic' the uninsured driver turns into something called 'untraceable' which means your insurance company doesn't have to pay shit, regardless of fault. I know this because it happened to me. I had comprehensive, gold standard cover with all the bells and whistles including protected no claims. I had 6 years no claims discount and paid on time every month without failure. I was up north driving for my job (did a lot of miles in my own car for that job) when I was rear-ended by a Mitsubishi Shogan. They'd been hugging my ass for a few miles before the accident and so it didn't actually come as a surprise they hit me when we came to a fairly abrupt traffic jam. There were no injuries and the lady was massively apologetic. I felt quite bad for her at the time but in hindsight her need to leave should have been a red flag. She kept saying she was late for something and seemed really nervous. Did about two grands worth of damage to my car. I called my insurance company and they said that as long as no one was hurt, I could just take her details and they'd sort out the rest. Two weeks later I got a call from them (Direct Line insurance) and they said sorry whilst rubbing their nipples. I couldn't believe how fucking callous they were about it and one operator even said to me 'rules are rules' whilst informing me they wouldn't pay shit towards the damage and that i'd lose my no claims bonus. I couldn't fucking believe it. Luckily however, I remembered something from the depths of my brain after a few days of talking to a fucking brick wall (their insufferable call centre fuckbois) that insurance companies have to keep all claim call recordings for seven years. So I called them back and demanded the call recording via the freedom of information act. It felt good listening to them try and hand-wave away a situation where I could 100% legally sue them for A) not having the call recording where the guy said I didn't need to call the police, leading to them having a massive fuck-off fine from the regulatory body and B) having proof that I was fucked over by them and they being negligent in their duty as an insurance company. They eventually paid me the full amount but dragged their fucking heels about it. They also refused to give me my no-claims back, but by that point I was too tired to fight them. I changed insurance companies but they're still underwritten by AXA, so it made no real difference I guess. Moral of the story is that EVERY insurance company are there to fuck you over and are NOT a safety blanket in the slightest. They're also staffed by absolute soulless pieces of shit who literally celebrate when they fuck over some poor schmuck who had the audacity to get crashed into by an unregistered driver. (edit) ever since then i've taken steps to insure myself against insurance companies. Regardless of fault or severity of the accident, I will ALWAYS call the police. Doesn't matter if it's just a scratch. 100% always call the police. I also ask any insurance company what will happen in the event of the above happening. If the operator doesn't immediately know, I ask for a manager. I keep going up the chain until I find someone who actually knows their shit. Once they've given me various assurances, I then inform them the call has been recorded. Insurance companies are, by design, parasitic. You have got to be really fucking careful what you say to them because they absolutely 100% will try their hardest to get out of paying for a claim. The forms you sign aren't worth shit at the end of the day. The only way to insure yourself against them is to use the law against them. Know your rights. Record everything and ALWAYS request letters and/or emails of every call no matter how benign, because you might one day find yourself having to fight your corner against those sociopathic cunts.
There's more of us, though.
Lol, did this guy film his own death?
He also says PC is the best platform and he still plays WoW. Ledge.
Hehe, the Cavill effect, in effect, in real time.
Yeah. Some fucking ridiculously nice houses there.
Ok, that was absolutely fucking mindblowing.
It'd be fucking funny if Chris Martin came out publicly and said "this product doesn't smell anything like my ex-wife's vagina. And I should know. If it did, it'd be called Dracula's knuckle-dumpster."
Props to the camera guy. He good.
wut
In the mines.
That's the point. You want to cast unknowns in something this big so you don't have to pay them much money.
*Force snap*
The Yuuzhan Vong came to the galaxy from an adjacent galaxy in an world ship - a living ship basically the same size as a planet. They'd been travelling to the SW galaxy for millions of years. They had 'weird' technology which was half alive/half machine iirc, which the force had no effect on. They initially wiped the floor with every race they came across and almost completely destroyed the republic until Luke went absolutely bananas and single-handedly took out a legion of the Vong's most elite troops using a technique called Electric Judgement (green force lightning basically). I thought the story was cool, but it also went beyond pretty much any canonical story before it by making Luke staggeringly OP. Like, he was able to fight at speeds whole percentages of the speed of light.
The empirical evidence behind it is staggeringly large. It's just you choose to ignore it. Facts don't work with conspiracy theorists. You also obviously have zero understanding of cause and effect, system interaction and most crucially, balance.
Wow TIL. I guess I was just super ignorant of what goes on behind the scenes to bring me my content.
Trump supporters?
Oooooh yes there is. Again, you keep ignoring it. I see you haven't posted any links to any scientific studies actively debunking anything I say. It's just conspiracy theories designed to make you feel special because you're part of a small group 'in the know' when in fact you're just bleating the same bullshit you've been told to say by quacks like Piers Corbyn. You don't know more than the entirety of the scientific community. Get your ego in check ffs.
It was also a fucking good game. Played the shit out of that title.
He's ginger and doesn't posses a soul.
Kovacs is supposed to be an ex-Envoy from the Envoy corps. The most fundamental part of his character and the book was killed by the show.
That's the shtick though. He's done ordinary interviews away from the comedic archetype and he's basically a bloke who likes the same things we do. He's as anti-celebrity as they come.
"I'M HUNGRY AND WHERE THE FUCK AM I??" "IN THAT ORDER!"
That's it lads. Pack up and go home. No table tennis for today. Nothing we can do.
Yeah, it seems many in this thread literally cannot grasp the depth of his satire.
Did he reject you? :)
what?
Had to go to these twice a year in an old job. I sat through the horrendous happy clapping thing once, with some asshole telling me to turn my frown upside down (seriously...) who also put me on the spot and forced me to tell everyone in the room (about 300 people) who I was and why I was there. He had a projector with the lyrics to a song with one of those bouncing balls telling you which word to sing at the right moment. The song was about corporate responsibility and how we can work harder for the company. It was one of the most sickly, cringey and horrific experiences of my life. Walking out of that place I made a solemn promise to myself i'd never sit through anything like that ever again and if it came to it, resign instead of being forced to endure such torment. Turns out, it was surprisingly easy. Six months later I simply hid in a bathroom and waited for everyone to file into the auditorium. I then went to the coffee place over the road and chilled until the thing was done. I was able to repeat this for the next five years and not once did anyone ever notice my absence. I felt that after each one of these corporate gigs, I was the only one to come back to the office free from PTSD. In hindsight, the fact we had a middle-manager who seemed genuinely mystified as to the high staff sickness during this time makes me giggle. There really are people out there so corporately brainwashed they cannot see the wood for the trees. Kinda sad really. Do they even have lives outside of work??
But apparently that makes you not 'on board' with the corporate message, which makes you a black sheep, meaning you're unnecessarily targeted by middle-management and HR until you either comply or are forced out. Fuck corporate culture.
I'm not saying sensor it, i'm saying it shouldn't get the same airtime. Sure, we can discuss it til the cows come home, but in an environment of learning. Not debate. There is no fucking debate on its veracity. If you think there is, then you're nuts. It's like inviting Jeffrey Dahmer to a panel show about cooking and giving him equal airtime about the positives of cooking humans. There are some things which should stay out of rational discourse and fascism is one of them. Again i'll bring you back to my example about flat earthers - YOU DO NOT INVITE THEM TO A SCIENTIFIC DEBATE AND GIVE THEM EQUAL PLATFORM FOR THEIR BULLSHIT. I don't give a fuck about what odd form of 'free speech' you think you subscribe to. Free speech isn't about allowing some whackjob to get airtime about whatever fantasy they believe should be true about the cosmos in a debate. Free speech is literally ONLY about governments having the right to deny you the ability to say anything. Anything else - literally ANYTHING else is not protected by that. You do not have the right to call my gf a bitch to her face because if you did, you'd get a punch. Screaming about your right to free speech would be hilariously moot in that context. If i'm a company with a brand, I reserve the right to hinder your speech if it goes against my corporate brand on one of my websites or forums. There is nothing in law which tells me I should allow every kind of speech on a platform I own. This is 100% true for a public debate or in education. Let's say i'm doing a speech about the Apollo missions. I'm not going to invite a moon landing hoax conspiracy theorist am I?? I'm not stifling free speech. I'm recognising the fact there are some lines of thought not applicable in this scenario. This is NOT an example of free speech being denied because I am not a government. I'm simply an educator. It's the same reason we don't learn how to cook humans in cooking class. Free speech only applies to governments and in reality, only the American government. I'll say it one last time - fascism is not, will not and cannot be given the same airtime when deciding the best course of action for structuring society. It's why my original point still stands. People opposed to fascism cannot and should not be labelled terrorists, but they have been because more and more people have been giving equal airtime to the concept of fascism, which is fucking dangerous and unbelievably stupid.
I'm not saying it's whale matter, but it's definitely whale matter.
That's pretty funny.
&gt; I guess you think flat-earthers should be given equal representation in the fields of scientific debate? Neat.
We aren't worthy.
Someone abandoned this probably because they're in debt - which is illegal in those shithole countries. The airport in Dubai was full of Farraris, Lambos and Mclarens rotting in the sun, with their owners having fled the country after the economy went to shit.
You just *know* she's the office Karen, and that she's pissed off a lot of people already... I bet management are just waiting for an excuse.
The people that represent these companies (and any other company with contentious and environmentally damaging processes) are not human. That is to say, the decisions they make are not based in human terms. The company itself has one motive - profit. The pursuance of profit often comes up against human health, dignity and habitation. A single person - one who has empathy at least - wouldn't pursue such acts, but people working for corporations literally aren't allowed to show such emotions as they're viewed as counter-productive to the main aim of the corporation. This is what I really fucking hate about corporate America. Not only has it become commonplace to fuck over people, it's *applauded*... Serious change needs to happen. In my opinion, any illness or death of a civilian at the hands of a greed-driven corporation should have consequences equal to that of what an individual would face if prosecuted. Corporations seem adamant they should be treated like humans when it suits them, so laws should be created that when a corporation goes on trial for shady practices - the board of directors should stand trial like any individual would for manslaughter or murder. Shareholders should also be fined. This fracking company should be wiped from the face of the earth. It's CEO should face jail time of up to 25 years and all of its shareholders should be fined 10 times the value of their shares. Fuck everything about corporate America. It's literally killing the planet for profit.
Made absolutely zero difference though. He should have shot that fucker in the face.
No, it was made for subs. They didn't even do a good job. They were never really trying in any of these videos. They just know how to fuck with YT's algorithm.
:(
Yeah, an AxE tO yOUr faCe bITch!
It's in the eyes..
No silly! Bumberdink Bimbersquill!
Yeah the Enterprise I used to work for had post codes which were blacklisted. If their post code fell in a blacklisted area, we wouldn't allow them to rent a vehicle unless they paid for 'special' insurance, which was an extortionate amount of money up front. One time my manager was roughed up by a dude who obviously didn't like the practice. So we blacklisted him as well. :)
And they found a second helmet from somewhere!! Amazing.
She was excellent in The Mist, though.
In 1992, Strong, chaired the UN “Earth Summit” in Rio de Janeiro. Strong declared, “We need a system of global governance through which nations can cooperate and deal with issues they cannot deal with alone. The ultimate example is climate change.” Also, the numbers at the end of that diatribe are off. Completely off. Any refutation of CO2 being a greenhouse gas NEVER comes from science or the scientific method. You are still wrong and you don't know more than the collective of scientific endeavour on the subject. If you really do believe you know more than 99.9% of scientists on the planet, then you need to actually show your proof - not conjecture you ripped off conspiracy sites on the internet.
Doesn't work when half the country want a fascist dictatorship.
Yeah, plenty of Americans like them some death when it's someone they don't know who is doing the dying.
No one should have the authority to kill another human being.
In mother Russia, harness wears you.
This was in the UK.
I've already explained why your reasoning is full of errors. Saying *CO2 has been vastly higher in the past without any stupid "tipping point" occuring.* misses many very apt points. It's a completely redundant argument, but you wouldn't understand it because it's quite complex. You STILL haven't shown me any peer-reviewed journals which show humans aren't a massive contributing factor to climate change.
Have you ever heard of the face spider? It sits on your face and bites your face.
Depending on the scenario here (and if there's footage) it could be the spark which actually sets off full-scale civil war.
It's burned though. :(
You want the blueprints for the layout of tens of millions of buildings across the planet as metadata? Then you create a game like Pokemon Go. Social media isn't the only intrusion we need to worry about.
This meme is the gift that keeps on giving.
It's also fair to say that Hamilton won. A lot. mustfeelgood.jpg
Yes, and this is the stuff which will eventually chip away at his base until only fringe-crazies exist. A lot of those who are possibly on the fence will see this and it will actually change their minds.
More of this please.
Recording location data, positional data and actual footage for wire-frame models to be produced via AI.
But these are the guys wearing skulls on their helmets without the foresight to ask if *they're* the baddies.
Australia should invite Trump to visit and then when he lands have zero people show up to greet him. Film it, then post it on TV whilst everyone laughs. It's the only thing which would actually get a visceral reaction from that orange bastard.
The second amendment.
How do you do that with a loaded and wholly corrupt government though?
How? That isn't possible when you have an all-powerful government doing its very best to replace democracy with a dictatorship.
At what point will you realise 'peaceful' protests are no longer working? When a crowd of protesters get mowed down by police and Trump and Fox News support it? When Trump enforces martial law and becomes a dictator? When the election is scrapped? When 'undesirables' start going missing? When Fox News starts openly supporting ethnic cleansing? When Trump publicly orders the execution of Obama and any other ex-democrat he doesn't like? Or when the United States Of Jesusland and Russia start simultaneously throwing nukes at Europe? [Edit] The last point: Nukes are interchangeable with invasion.
This is the one thing which has made me smile today.
And carrying shields.
How the fuck does she eat? Surgeons shouldn't be allowed to do this to people with such obvious mental health problems. Fuck for-profit America.
Which is the exact curve-ball required to topple a presidency such as the current one. Their tactics seem to have worked so far, considering trump has done enough to warrant the impeachment of any other president a hundred times over. But their tactics could never have accounted for something like covid, which undermines the situation most people have found themselves trapped in - the inability to afford taking time off work to protest. This is a morbidly hopeful scenario.
Sure, it's not an issue if you actually support there being a completely different rule-set for powerful elitists. I guess we should allow them to do *anything* with impunity because they're genetically better than us! Must be nice to beyond reproach and completely outside of the law.
Low effort. Not even troll-worthy.
It seems a certain proportion of the United States is definitely not okay with it.
A lot of these blockheads don't seem to understand that phones have cameras on them...
This is my life now..
BUT MUH RIGHTS!!!!
A salty battery?
and 50 million people died from Spanish Flu.
I guess the difference is, most of the western world is pretty pissed off about slavery whereas you don't get monuments to all those killed by communism or fascism in communist or fascist countries.
You have to do it slowly. The Swedish health minister has already said he regrets not locking down harder.
Mate, it's already happening and it's going to be far worse than before. New York got absolutely hammered in the beginning. Every major city is going to get it just as badly, if not worse.
Yeah, the Sherman Tank.
Orange blubber buffoon refuses to wear one. ever.
I'm so glad Photoshop has an 'un-smudge' button.
He got hit so hard he died before impact.
I get the feeling that as long as there's money, there will always be racism.
It's like the fake internet points of the real world.
He's as good an actor as his dad.
He has a particular scowl that no one else in Hollywood has. He's the coolest motherfucker since the invention of coolness.
Fuck everything about that kind of music.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY.
It's a shame because his awful transgressions will be 'forgiven' when it's finally revealed he's ill (or he dies), and everything will be swept under the carpet by fox and his shit-eating supporters.
It's funny because Donald Trump is shit at literally everything he does.
I guess the UK could have learned from it..
I get the feeling covid has rammed a fist so far up their collective bumholes, that there won't be much of a top-brass left to run the country.
It is in South Korea. They're totally on top of it.
Tell that to the thugs who use phrases like 'out means out'. Those fuckers don't have a fucking clue.
Yeah, they're a different species of human in NZ. *Completely* the opposite motivations of the UK...
That's what festies are all about, man.
Prescription drugs are a hell of a drug.
Go back to the moon, MORON!
That was absolutely beautiful.
Amazing.
The fact that mask-wearing has turned into a political debate leads me to believe the human race will not survive the next century. Too many people seem to ride the anti-intellectualism train for me to think otherwise.
That's EXACTLY how conspiracy theories work, and this is no different to chemtrails and lizard monarchs... I personally know several people who: 1) think coronavirus is completely fake. 2) the masks have been 'seeded' with the rona. 3) one of these people believes *both* of the above...... The only thing these people have in common is that they're male, in their 60's and divorced. I guess boredom got to them but holy fuck it's been wild watching them fall off the sanity train these last few years. I used to consider one of them a good friend, but I cannot even entertain such a concept when he vigorously denies the holocaust... He was what i'd consider a normal cool guy only five years ago. :(
China have a lot of manpower to fuck with us over the web. Luckily those who know English still make up a tiny fraction of the population.
'It' is the only word to use here. Anyone near me openly rocking a swastika would be run out of town.
Some people are so fucking entitled.
The Darwin awards are busy at work right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-7NDP8V-6A
But it had hardly any digital effects! The guy who played Jar Jar underwent an ENORMOUS amount of plastic surgery.
Could have, done, with a few Shatner's, commas.
Yeah, those players relish blowing people up - especially when they're trying to do something benevolent. "it's part of the game bro..."
I know. Not much need for Gungans in Pride And Prejudice.
Heh, that's cool. I didn't ever appreciate that. Are you saying they literally get too steep to walk up?
That's absolutely brilliant to see. I'd be crushed if I saw the high-ups from large institutions siding with the racists and bigots on this.
Need a cartoon version of this stat.
Not only that, but these regimes are notorious for under-reporting the kinds of things which might make them look bad. There's no way deaths in favelas are being reported from Brasil, for instance.
He's a fucking psycho, that's why. He's basically another trump with more bravado.
Fuck you karen.
'He only hits me because he loves me.'
It's amazing what you can learn during quarantine.
No, because that wasn't the fucking point of this conversation. This was about having a crazy religiously extremist neighbour, which Pakistan IS because it readily exports terrorism. I won the fuck out of this argument and you're kind of clueless.
Yeah but he loses five points for putting it on a fucking pie... It's gravy or nothing you bunch of sister-fucking yokels.
Would you like to know more?
And morbid, considering those with working brains are being taken down with the sinking ship.
Hey I get it. He did a bad thing and that comes with consequences. That wasn't being argued here. This is about did he *deserve* to die, as if the cop walking up to the subdued suspect was within his rights to just shoot him. You cannot have that kind of retribution in a civilised society.
Ah okay, it's all good then. :) I mean, at the end of the day, if you walk into a store intent of robbing it with a weapon, you must consider one of the likely consequences of such actions would be death. Most probably from a bullet.
They better not help clog up hospitals when they invariably need a ventilator...
So they either have to admit they were trolled, or no one wanted to come. That's going to melt a lot of tiny trump brains.
Umm, He already sold the metadata. He's worth over 40bn now. Jumping up from 6bn in under two years. There's other, more clever data collection devices out there. He's already done the damage. Now it's a case of ride the crest as long as possible.
QUADRUPLE LTD RIGHT NEXT TO THE CONE GUYS!
Jesus christ. It's literally safer for black people in Afghanistan than America right now.
It isn't like that in the rest of Europe.
Sweet. Thanks :)
He's smarter than Trump by a long way. That isn't hard, but Boris is certainly not 'stupid'. You can be a bad tactician and still be very bright.
The thing which has continually impressed me about this game is the community. I constantly see people asking for help and no one ever gives them shit for asking. Just plain explanations with offers of further help, etc. I played Eve Online for many years and even though I really love that game, much of the player base are toxic, and with the way the game is set up, it often rewards that toxicity. I much prefer a simpler approach which is - we're all in this galaxy together and helping people out ultimately helps the longevity of the game.
Idiocracy was meant to be entertainment, not a fucking instruction manual!!!
Force the bitch to go to a hospital ward that has kids with whooping cough. Force her to look at 18-month old babies who've been coughing so hard all the vessels in their eyes have burst, with prolapses in their belly buttons and anus. I'm willing to bet she's never heard the sound they make where sheer abject terror comes out as a screeching whistle because their vocal chords have been completely shredded. I'm sorry but your wife needs to have her face rubbed in the business-end of this terrible aspect of life. Then you need to ask her the simple question of, does she want that to happen to her kids? If the answer is yes, then i'm sorry to say she is a psychopath.
Lol, and those who wear the confederate flag have *super* moved on...
You'd rather the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people and a country in perpetual anarchy instead???
Oh, it' working alright, but not in the way you think. They're all just ignoring it and calling it fake news. Some are even *supporting* it because Obama put those troops there in the first place, so their fault for being there...' smh
AKA forever virgin.
It's a pandemic for fucks sake. You think 'being in the open air near people' is the only vector? There's no benches, bins, hand rails, water spouts, showers, beach furniture, bars, restaurants, shops, queues, ticket machines, ATM's, food trucks and of course, many people's complete disregard for social distancing? You think none of that will be there when it's super busy? Because there are stupid people, we need blanket rules. Anyone arguing for opening everything because one tiny vector hasn't been completely proven can gargle on my balls.
Well, one of those at least is dereliction of duty.
Some inner-city schools in the UK do, but that's to protect the kids from outsiders, not from themselves.
Healthcare tied to profession. That's fucking disgusting.
"DON'T TAKE MY FUCKING GUNS!!" - Probably many of your PM's...
If you can't breathe in a mask you are A) morbidly obese or B) too ill to even be going outside or C) using it as an excuse because fundamentally, on a real deep level, you cannot handle smart people telling you what to do. It wasn't a dig at you by the way.
I watched it for the first time in years just last week. Here is my take on it: It 'feels' like Star Wars. It really does. It has most of the chemical signatures of the original trilogy. It's just that, they've been mixed differently. Still too-much political intrigue. It's aimed at the same aged audience as the original trilogy, for the most part. Obviously the political intrigue dilutes the effect somewhat. It's superbly colourful. An addition to the SW universe I didn't know I wanted. Model shots still look incredible - the CG, not so much. Still good fun (a massively unpopular opinion back in 2000, but not so much now).
