&gt; many of the wealthy who were evading taxes through offshore accounts were actually not held accountable at all. Including Emma Watson, because, like most of the wealthy people, had no idea what their accountants were doing to manage their wealth.
Dunno, it works for me.
Good thing it's only decriminalizing male prostitution.
AT&amp;T
&gt; we don't favor capitalism and market economics because they are fair and just. they're not. the kardashians are not rich because they are so much smarter and more virtuous than you are. donald trump isn't rich because he works so much harder than the mexicans mowing his golf course. warren buffet did not get rich for his contributions to humanity or the value of his inventions. These examples are the shit end of bell curve. The guy in the comic is the most common example of how capitalism and markets lift people out of poverty and alleviate human suffering. If we need to shift the way you're saying to win election, then so be it, but there's still arguments to be made for the justness of capitalism if we focus on the small business owners. Corporate cronyism is bad. Fair capitalism is good and that's why your favorite independent coffeeshop/bookstore/hentai Patreon artist exists.
Cat.
&gt; comic is The Great Man Theory of history writ small. One dude claims credit for investment, artistry, industry, and marketing over the course of three panels. The person he hires is charged with the most minimal amount of labor conceivable. It's the exact reverse of how a business actually works. That's exactly how the majorities of businesses get off the ground. How a business continues to run is different, and I have no problem with having a real discussion about CEO salaries being inflated, but C-Suite people and shareholders are doing the same thing as the owner in the comic at a larger scale. &gt; Namely, that those who do all the work should lay claim to the spoils. Brain work is work. &gt; Your favorite independent bookstore got run out of the market because Barnes &amp; Noble paid a premium to the local mega-mall not to allow any competition. Then Amazon undercut B&amp;N and now that's out of business, too. All we have left in the bookstore's wake is a Starbucks on every corner. If this is true then why do independent bookstores and coffee shops still exist? &gt; Your favorite hentai artist works on Patreon because the old-school corporate publishing industry demanded 16 hours of work for a 4 hour paycheck. Direct-to-market ended up as a way better deal even after the website takes a 20% vig for doing nothing but processing your credit card. I don't understand. Capitalism lets the artist live a better life and you're complaining about it?
That's good. Replace the bitch in heat and itll be a nice wholesome copypasta.
And as you become more experienced you can graduate to being a knight of /new. It's a thankless job, but we do our best to fight the rising tide of karma whores and shitty posts.
https://www.dallasobserver.com/arts/a-guide-to-independent-bookstores-in-dfw-8883771 Any of these good? I don't know anything about DFW, I just googled.
Palin tapped into the same populism stream as Trump. She benefited as an outlet, not a driver of it.
In some places you can straight murder someone if they're trespassing, even if you don't have a sign up. So...
No proof it's in Asia. A lot of English on there too. Title should just be "produce wrapped in banana(?) leaves"
Or the people running the drive fucked it up. They had one test showing contaminated blood but didn't know which bag it came from so they tossed it all. Better safe than sorry is the mantra when it comes to piles of blood.
Yeah but they were already in a movie knocking people out. Just this one time they didn't knock someone out who they should have knocked out.
Unexepectedmythadventure
I wasn't aware a blazer was a 3 piece suit.
He was just trying to scroll the smart floor with his face. It's advanced tech.
Only if you're repeating lyrics to a song or are referring to a quote from a magazine dedicated to people of play.
The girl behind her wants that Hillhump bad.
Certainly seems intentional, to be funny. Wonder what it says on the inside.
Maybe it's more likely you need to take a break from reddit, or browsing the internet in general.
The joke is pretty awful.
Alright, enjoy explaining this to the police when you try to leave without paying the full bill.
Monster serial killers carrying skull trophies of its kills.
Not their best.
I'm sorry but you can't post here if you don't have an MD.
That's not bad for an office. Maybe spread it over a couple days to not be obvious.
r/drama for the ironic tears
Oh what a meal, what a lovely meal!
But no one thinks canon law is scary and dangerous like sharia law. That's why they call it Christian sharia law. It's all just ridiculous.
Roosters will fuck up feral cats.
Education works.
Yeah avoiding death is a good incentive to take pills and it's easy to take more pills at the same time.
I can guarantee this won't be true if you keep doing that into your 30s.
I don't believe they exist. OP may be fearmongering.
You're not on the boomer internet enough to get the joke.
Can't be killed be an incel if you never go outside. Or if you go to the gym. Incels never shoot up a place Chads congregate.
Fast moving media companies like that rise and fall all the time. There'll be another one flame out soon enough.
Hush, that's my plan so don't ruin it.
&gt; If something is named 'inclusive' you can pretty much guarantee it's going to be inclusive to everyone except [X group] Exactly if I want to knit a 5 year old loli then it's my god given right to tall about it on ravelry
Shouldn't be posted on this sub until it's time. YouTube just keeps ending streamer's careers.
Helo fellow reddet human I am interested in meating with other humans in a cheap eventbrite location. . . Thnk you for the link you can too see me live online at djfjfj.dkcjf
That might just be your country then and not men in general.
My body is ready. My agenda post finger is ready. Allah is ready to receive me. Let it begin.
They've been building their smug capacity for years just for this. Let them unleash the smugen.
Ron Paul would be opposed to quarantines!
Viral on reddit does not equal reality or else Sanders would have been made president in 2016. After President Ron Paul brought back the gold standard.
People are nuts. When you provide ideas everyone agrees it sounds good. When you provide details suddenly a lot of people don't like that idea anymore.
This story probably isn't true, but shit like this does happen at bachelorette parties. And regular parties. You just gotta be friends with the right people.
You seem boring.
Yes. First step: be attractive
Sucking a dick.
LegalAdvice post is great Mod Announcement re: Quarantine of /r/The_Donald There is no legal issue here. There is no first amendment violation. There is no standing for anyone to sue reddit. There is nothing to discuss from any legal perspective and any posts asking about it will be removed without further comment or discussion. https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/c5t466/mod_announcement_re_quarantine_of_rthe_donald/
His state manufactures steroids, he can't stop.
Rigorous primaries are good for the general. Everyone forgets what happens in the primaries but the ultimate candidate comes out stronger and more prepared.
Watching NBC and a commercial came on with our true first non-white president: Matt Santos.
Add Rep. staffs to the count and the ratio is still 30kish to 1. This is something they didn't have back for federalist 55. You can still gerrymander 30k people.
Dat VP death sympathy vote (of the writers)
You know she'll top you with her m14 barrel - with launcher attachment on.
I have money on Beto getting higher in polls but I think he's fucked this up. Not doing well.
Gabbard just murdered a civilian in a neutral zone.
ChuckCombover 2020. General debates will just be the two awful hairstyles wrestling in coconut oil.
Amy had a nice high school class president closing speech.
The only way Gabbard becomes president is if Trump starts a war. War Vet vs. Draft Dodger in wartime elections is a pretty good look.
At the very least Bernie fed the populist fire. Had he not been providing fuel the national debate may have focused less on populism and more on other shit.
Yeah, I guess this is how he became mayor. It's easier to hate someone for their job performance than their stage performance.
But the NTA posts have more upvotes and more gold.
Hoover was just the worst.
You're simply wrong. Maybe it was downvoted. Or your numbers are wrong.
Glad you admitted it.
Biden gonna bring back legal duels and challenge Trump.
pASs ThE toRCh
He couldn't even get a word in tonight.
Time pressure is a real thing. He's got too much to say and he's trying to spit it out before his time is "up". Polished politicians don't feel that pressure because they just ignore it or are used to talking to fit in time slots.
Fite me in battery park. I'll be the one wearing a straw hat
You're just too dumb to understand.
&gt; I'm someone who doesn't know anything but my uninformed statement about what's going on is absolutely right
The dog will likely have better subway etiquette than people.
Done
I think this is just debate 1
The G is way bigger than the B.
Theres a literal direct quote in the article.
So you're saying Republicans don't support individual rights or democracy? Fucking communist Republicans!
Let me translate these actions for all the warped minds out there &gt; For me, it was a girl in high school who refused to kiss me (we did everything else but no kissing), but admitted to me that she'd kissed her ex a lot. I dumped her. Girls I've been with since haven't held back like that (at least not that I was aware of.) Girl he was stalking found out and ran away. New girls are still oblivious. OP has still never kissed a girl. &gt; Another guy had an ex that wouldn't do anal, but she talked about doing it with an ex and how much she liked it. She got hemorrhoids and now can't really do anal. &gt; Another guy wasn't getting blowjobs, but found out from a mutual friend that his girlfriend loved giving them to an ex. Guy has small pp
Nah. "Western liberalism" is a specific thing that has not changed despite various "liberal" definitions that have changed depending on the country you live. Western liberalism still stands for what it always has because plenty of cultures around the world, including Russia, don't believe in western liberalism. The liberal order hasn't even existed for a hundred years. We still fight to uphold the liberal order because authoritarianism still plagues the world. And despite Russian propaganda, Putin believes in a form of democracy that's different from Western democracy. You're right that populism isn't inherently opposed to liberalism. The author was wrong to call that out.
The only succesful open-relationship I know that's been going on for decades don't tell people about it. So maybe you do know some couples that keep it together.
Life is so beautiful. I'm glad I was here to witness this miracle.
Maybe we just don't have a main character anymore. We just have The Innverse story time.
Won't happen until there are American deaths.
This is a statement of position, not a policy proposal. By the same token, "banning big money" also relies on magic wanding. The fundamental theory behind public financing is that candidates are elected without needing to spend any of their own/raised money. If that's achieved then big money is not needed. ACLU does not have a proposed way of achieving that, but it's what they support as the solution. Not banning money.
Platitudes are important. Nazis are bad, being kind to other people is good, help your neighbor. These are the things that can build or maintain a national soul. The majority of voters don't vote based on policies.
But there are states in the west with more land owned by the federal government than privately owned. That means its federal land voting for federal offices! It's pure corruption.
How do I know if Bernie campaign hit that $5 mil donation goal? I don't see any posts crowing about it.
Keeping those Kraut intelligent officers busy trying to figure out what this code meant.
People do kill each other, even more so in places with weak governments.
That didn't work in 2018.
Designated Survivor type situation early this year and it's all clearly the Republican's fault. Democrats sweep.
Agreed. So Bernie isn't needed and Democrats don't have to be progressives. They can be popular people supporting moderate policies that are popular in their district, state, or country.
Clinton and Obama were moderates. You might be mistaking "moderate" for "boring".
I don't see how any of this is evidence that he's phony. 1) Manipulating fundraising to get positive media coverage is smart campaigning. The execution is poor though. Bernie has smart campaigning by refusing billionaire donations of $2,800 directly to his campaign, but accepts $50k from billionaires to his Our Revolution PAC. 2) That's an external fundraising bundler, not Butti or his campaign. 3) Butti supporting M4A in 2018 doesn't conflict with his policies or statements now. He's always favored the goal of M4A but states that it's not the right next step. That's what the whole idea of the public option is about; the next step towards getting universal healthcare (which is what M4A is). I'm sure if you asked Bernie to support universal healthcare through the VA he wouldn't oppose it just because it's not Medicare 4 All. Overall, I get it. You think Butti is too slick, too much of a capitalist and he doesn't have a slogan or fiery rhetoric that proves he has a soul. And that's a problem for his campaign. Politicians can be too bland and it makes people not like them. But some of us like highly intelligent boring politicians with good ideas.
Can we just start saying Bernie Sanders did this? And other stuff like this? Candidates get blamed all the time when their staff or associates does bad stuff because the buck stops with the top guy. Let's apply the same rules to Bernie.
She was winning until the end
The L or S don't even go to Jersey, how am I supposed to get there?
1) We are at war with North Korea and we're constantly preparing for them to go on the offensive. 2) War with China or Russia would be catastrophic for the US, yes. A war with Lichtenstein would not be. This means the chance of the US starting a war is more likely with one country vs another. The fear is that the political leadership thinks a war with Iran is closer on the scale to Lichtenstein than it is to China and so they're more likely to start it. I think you answer your own question here: &gt; The U.S. certainly has the biggest dick to swing around, but it's not the only dick swinging. &gt; I guess what I'm asking is... what practical and realistic goal do we have as an outcome of these protests? A practical goal of the protest (probably not realistic though) would be to get the US to stop swinging its dick around for no gain. We take actions in SK to keep NK from invading again. We take actions in South China Sea to slow China's rise as a military regional power. We take actions against Russia to try to stop them from annexing more land. Action we've taken against Iran have appeared to be more about dick swinging than accomplishing an actual goal. Leaving the treaty makes Israel less safe and increasing sanctions causes more poverty and hatred towards the West to fuel terrorism. Killing Soleimani has an actual beneficial goal, but because it comes after a series of escalating events that don't have practical goals it's viewed as negatively as everything else. If after 3 years of dealing with Irans we have more violence than when we started, clearly something's not working. Maybe a protest can help stop the trajectory of violence.
Me too. So this was definitely unexpected.
Farming subsidies started as a way to counter the effects of the Great Depression, it expanded as a national security concern during and after WW2, and then continued and expanded when subsidies become a way to get reelected. All that means that farming doesn't need to be subsidized or protected. It only exists because of historical and political reasons.
Nobody knows what he's referring to because they're classified targets. So you may be right or may be wrong but you have no idea.
&gt; the only thing from this tweet that could constitute a war crime is hitting sites that are "important to Iranian culture" but only God knows what he really means by that. Hmmm, what did this guy mean when he explicitly said what he was going to do? If only there was a way to tell. Doing Trump translating to make him less shitty must be a full time job.
Sounds like humans
How well would this tweet do on PoliticalHumor? On one hand it's anti-trump. On the other, it's Hillaty.
Great, my boat's gonna sink in about 20 seconds.
I just got bionic legs to run as fast as a car.
I don't think he will.
If the top 1% keeps leaving then eventually it'll be 1 guy living in NYS and he'll finally have some peace and quiet. Yes, I know NYS doesnt equal Manhattan but shut up.
It works well for Vietnam.
&gt; How do you propose we denuclearize Iran without at least the very present threat of foreign intervention? We go back in time to 2016 and don't let Trump withdraw from the deal that helped keep them from nuclearizing?
Everyone says Bruce Willis is an asshole.
I hear they just gotts big o' crop of internet out Californee way.
You're so right. Here, have my validation.
Theyll even give you money.
&gt; Plus skipping them he could play to the electorate as "I'm too busy working for the people to go to the debates" This, especially if there's a war going on.
Make Trump cry or otherwise be a beta female in his base's eyes and they'll stay home.
For example: &gt; @PeteButtigieg, looks like you've got competition for which Democratic presidential candidate can best shill for Trump admin coup attempts in Latin America:
Trump threatened a response if us, or OUR ASSETS, were attacked. Makes no difference. This was an attack on US assets. &gt; Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans, or American assets, we have targeted 52 Iranian sites (representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago), some at a very high level &amp; important to Iran &amp; the Iranian culture, and those targets, and Iran itself, WILL BE HIT VERY FAST AND VERY HARD. The USA wants no more threats!
That means Trump backs down from his threat to hit hard and fast if a US asset is attacked.
Politically speaking, this is a narrative that should be pushed by dark money only in the conservative bubble.
&gt; Confirmed 3 targets hit in Iraq: Al Asad, Taji, &amp; the US consulate in Erbil.
Putting together the narratives I'm hearing: Iran destroys a drone, attacks the embassy with no casualties, and all that means they totally attacked the US and our actions were justified. Then they attack 3 sites in Iraq (Al Asad, Taji, &amp; the US consulate in Erbil), but because there's no casualties it's not a real attack so that means Iran backed down before the might of Trump. An attack without casualties can mean anything you want, I guess.
Which stupid war did Obama start?
I'm crying and you're crying. We're all crying because this story deserves it.
Inb4 Trump declares victory over Iran then goes on a rant about impeachment.
His unit was just going to Kosovo to check put the stipclubs. It was a shitshow and some of them never came back.
I think it's safe to assume that if something is a meme it's completely wrong.
I didn't murder anyone today, wheres my prize?
Most likely vector for an attack is through one of their proxies. They can deny by saying "you killed our guy that you said coordinates these types of attacks so it's clearly not us."
&gt; Probably been the case for some time now. Yeh not since Trump trashed the deal
What's the original thing they're talking about?
So rocket attacks will stop now?
So all attacks against American attacks will stop now? Or will we have to escalate again by attacking more targets?
Ok. No one asked if it was justified, just what we did to Iran.
No, I won't play your games.
In the Bernie world it's a fact that Biden has already lost.
According to angry people who PM me on reddit the history of middle east gender is 100% "men beat and rape women the end."
Deleted
You're a genius you should be hired for a million bucks
Even funnier when it's not dubbed.
That's incredibly not true. The Reconstruction period after the Civil War was awful for everyone. The 1920s was an incredibly great time period for a majority of people right up til the Great Depression. After WW2 was a golden era period not because WW2 was so bad for America, but because literally every other power in the world was blown up and the US came out on top. Things can always get worse and if things do start to get better it's still worse off than if you never got worse in the first place.
I like this insane poster.
It didn't let him reopen. He just made the assumption that this trade war meant his steel will be in high demand soon so he opened up in anticipation. But because he's dumb and doesn't understand basic cause and effect or do business well he now has to close because he doesn't make enough money.
Who was even calling for Soleimanis death before this week? What percent of the public even knew this name? There's a lot of post-hoc justifications for his death going around. There are reasons why Obama nor Trump's military droned him years ago, and the death of 150 people is exactly one of those reasons. When you escalate geopolitical tensions and cause chaos, human can cause bad shit to happen, on purpose or by mistake. There are similar reasons why we haven't we just killed other murderous terrorists like Assad or Ali Darassa.
I don't know what he exists for. I listen to what he says and then I forget he spoke. Same problem with Beto after his Senate race. Some people can't transition well to a national platform.
Oh so that's what those 4 have been doing lying in bed for years.
Did they support impeachment? Can a different Democrat win their districts? Better to have 8 Democrats that don't always vote with the party than 8 Republicans. Walking in lockstep without questioning the party is more of a GOP ideal.
Yes because it's gross
No one complained when Yoda moped around in a swamp for decades.
Fair enough. I don't care or know enough about Star Wars to do more than make snarky comments.
Gotta sort by controversial to see the real unpopular opinions. Like sibling fucking.
Jokes on you, my parent's divorce was cleanly done before I was born.
&gt; trump and his allies are gonna run attack ads about the Ukraine shit till the end of time, same way they did with Hillary’s emails. Every candidate has something the GOP can latch onto and turn into a big deal like emails. That's because making something up is very easy to do.
No awooga posting
Because taxes are a proxy for the will of the electorate. If 100% of people demand taxes go to spend funding the growth of the juggling geese industry then the government won't ignore this.
They were supposed to be the hate magnet. All the anti-west violence would be directed to Israel because they're the closest and attacking Israel would be the same as attacking US/UK. This plan was made before global travel became super easy, but we're sticking with it because change is hard.
That's called being brainwashed by the patriarchy. They get you early and you never even notice.
Official volunteer have a script to follow. You fall into the "clearly not interested" bucket and got the standard reply. There aren't enough neolibs around to get a special response for us. Maybe if you said you were a Biden supported but indicated some weakness on that you'd have gotten a different response.
It's only weird if you don't interact with black culture regularly. I spoke no lie.
Do these nursing homes have the resources to correctly manage the behavior without relying on drugs? Or will the situation simply devolve and produce worse outcomes in care for the residents?
His campaign is a wealth transfer from the uber rich to the middle to upper middle class.
The law limits how many articles a freelancing writer can write for 1 publisher before they can no longer be considered "freelancer" and have to be treated like an actual employee. Obviously this just leads to freelancers having to diversify their clients, which is just a lot of extra work, and does nothing to actually protect them from being taken advantage of.
&gt; Mr. Pompeo has said that General Suleimani had been planning an “imminent attack” against Americans, although he also told Fox News on Thursday night that “we don’t know precisely when and we don’t know precisely where.” I don't know why people in this very sub are repeating the stories about Soleimani being an imminent threat.
Redundant to add the shootout part.
But these are hazelnuts.
That early internet denizens were fucking sick, twisted outcasts. But lots of fun. Like 4chan.
Point of order Madam Speaker: u finna jinx us
Look at richy rich over here who doesnt about pole living
This must mean white amerikans by definition can't become communists
&gt; The DNC absolutely fucked their base to elect who they thought should be president. They played kingmaker, instead of allowing the process to be organic, and their base revolted over it. Is that why she got 17mil votes in the primary, 4mil more than the next? The base has surely revolted.
His head is a pumpkin
I got worried this wasn't a meme comment.
Give the sandwich to the bodega cat and watch him eat his own feces.
You've had dog milk before?
I think it's warning you that it'll squirt relish all over your car once the charging is done.
When do we eat the landlord's body?
try hard cope
Yeah, could have forgotten N
Leave little bars of deodorant on his desk. Deodorant, perfume, a loofah, anything that helps. Keep leaving stuff until the smell goes away.
Why doesnt Tom love his kids
Agree with the analysis. I'll add that Pete was making this a big Iowa debate so he's not going to look good nationally, but hopefully it resonated with Iowans.
No, pretty sure the hate was started for the dumb clickbait and people actually defend the political news on Buzzfeed. Unless it's anti-Bernie news.
He attacked them for both.
Exactly, which is why it's so weird that it failed. Bernie ended up saying he made a mistake about the war too, so he equivilated himself to Biden in terms of the Iraq War. Which means he couldn't really blame Biden for his role.
I sometimes do it because I'm holding something in my other hand.
I read this while in the bathroom on company time. Are you my IT?
He's previously said that M4A would reduce the overhead of the entire industry by a lot. He can't pretend all the insurance people could still just be contractors.
I think he literally said a woman can't win in 2020 because of the political landscape. There are reasons why that's not a crazy belief, nor is it misogynistic to have a negative opinion of the electorate.
They would at least wear spacesuits, right?
One betting market still says there's a 95% chance Michelle Obama becomes candidate in 2020.
That's not true. You can punch someone and promise to never do it again...because next time you'll shoot them.
Normally I'd agree with you, but Bernie always sounds angry.
Sanders supporters : The media does not talk about Bernie. Media : Talks about Bernie Sanders Supporters : Wait, no, not like that
Why can't we get things to the front page anymore?
I'll have you know I live in a place with Kowloon City level of density and I still don't like people.
He lives in the city, not a suburb.
Doesn't mean they're not suburbs.
I'm mainly talking about Eastchester. It's got like 2 different golf courses.
OP does have insurance and didn't pay that amount. That's just the "retail" price, but OPs receipt probably has $30 on it
Weed lmao
Smh pedos are so lazy these days back in my day we had to go out and interact with underage girls in real life and spend hard earned money on puppies and candy
Well yeah Spider-Man is always at school or at work during the day. He can only fight at night.
Warren's not a Senator now?
Oh yeah.... like 70% of Democrats, I forgot Klobuchar existed.
Isn't she a rapper trying to make comedy?
I'm just in it for the upvotes man. I'm no Mark Twain.
It's not really timeless. Denim jacket for women has only been in style a few times in history, and black leggings are a very modern thing.
No ball pain, no menstruation pain and blood; truly the superior plumbing.
SHE LOVES BEER OKAY?!!
In this clip we see Dwayne Johnson at age 6.
What % of the vote do they represent?
People who you think might commit murder or suicide are not great friends in the long term. But if you do want to stay friends you should encourage them to go to therapy.
If you want to fund the government you can't have a 2 page bill. They're big for a reason.
I'm implying nothing. I would say if I was.
Unfortunately being smart isn't really a requirement to be a successful politician. He'll definitely be successful in government or private sector, but he may not be able to win over the public.
How dare people dance. How outrageous!
You single anecdote surely defines an entire country.
Or drugs.
I think it's spelled "banjo"
Start with the neighborhoods that mostly have buildings with supers that take the trash from the central area inside, where residents put their trash, out to the curb.
You should be the girl in your relationship for a week and see if it awakens a new fetish in your gf.
As a highly valued male I support a society without monogamy. Sucks to be an ugly dramacel.
&gt; I guess he must have a personal distrust of Sanders. I have it on good authority that no one likes Sanders.
The creepy neckbeard would also prefer that.
But then you need to protect the blankets from getting stained so you throw a tarp in there.
You know what? I respect the fact that you took time out of your busy day to make this comment.
&gt; Nobody really wants to cause another human misery Doubt
Then we can just air commercials of Trump motorboating Giuliani's tits.
&gt; Would you rather a world where you fucked a bunch of dumb sluts you had no affection for and didn’t really pay any mind to your offspring, or a world where you kept just one dumb slut as the slut of your dreams and raised a wonderful family with her? I can tell you're not a 1% because you can have both worlds. And only have offspring with the ones you choose.
You never mentioned cheating. My wonderful, intelligent slut let's me have sex with whoever. Sometimes joins in.
Since OP said "have been" we can count a few ways Christianity has been oppressive in recent times at the state or federal level: gay sex, marriage, and parenthood, accessibility to birth control including pills and abortion, and transgender shit. Then of course in OPs context we're not limited by politics, so someone could live with a family or community that is socially oppressive due to its level Christianity, but the form of that oppression isn't illegal.
Good thing we don't live in the Middle East. It's not a persecution Olympics you fuckin snowflake.
&gt; 29% isn’t 1/3 You're so pedantic. Why? What do you get in life for being like that?
Hilldawg outspent Trump nationally and I believe in all the key states she lost. Despite what the propaganda tells you, money can't buy elections.
🅱️onald 🅱️eagan.
penis penis penis penis
Please note there are a good number of hanging story threads. If you want a direct conclusion for every plot you may not get it for awhile.
I promised my kid brother I'd bring back a luger!
Who's saying China should be a 1st world country?
A sash stating "Birthday Girl!"
The comment you're replying to doesnt have a strawman in it.
Bloomberg support will go to Biden in the actual caucuses.
My man Eugene is an expert on all hot topics of the day.
My boy Eugene knows all about the nurse bussy tho. Even the poon (gross)
&gt; and him always being right at the scene of action is going to be more contrived each time it happens. While this is true, I don't mind some silly contrived fun.
The difference between him being a millionaire and being a billionaire is a sudden turndown in the stock market and AMZN stock price drops to pennies. Bezos wealth is tied to the success of his companies.
Deep State can't exist if the State has been destroyed and we live in a lawless dystopia.
She's just trolling people now she don't gaf
We also have weight brackets to level the playing field. There's also no natural law saying we have to keep sports rules exactly the same for all time. If one group of humans consistently outclasses another group of humans it makes sense to separate their competitions to make it more fair. There are fair proposals being put together to address this issue and none of them imply trans women aren't women.
&gt; However, since they didn't actually steal anything, if the flyer ends up with them getting fired or evicted, they can sue you for libel. They'd need a video of you putting up the flyer to prove it was you doing it. But they don't have a camera because your camera stopped their camera theft...
In this case the CB is clearly a child with no pizza money.
How does he justify making 371x the average wage of the common racist?
Is your hotel not located in a place that has establishments for drinking and fooding?
It's why theres still a Democratic Senator in WV.
That's not a real thing. Take the time to state your actual complaints. Look at how often he votes with the Democrats.
Then technically yeah it's not a cool love story. Nor a delicious pizza recipe.
My vice is redditposting
Bernie apparently also voted for the bill because it provided more policing in Vermont, and provided more funding for crime prevention. Maybe he had multiple reasons to vote for the bill and that's why he voted for it. One could say Biden wrote the bill in a balanced way that attracted support from a majority of the country? Did Bernie ever write a bill like that?
"hi how are you" gets the worst response rate unless you're attractive. Your matches gave you a chance to see what your personality is like.
No. Memes are for real good publicity.
No such thing as legal. This country has been full of illegal immigrants since the Mayflower.
I feel like Usain Bolt could decide one day he wants to run again and win something the next day.
I don't understand the meme. What have I missed?
Open borders.... forcibly
Maybe he's using crutches.
Or alerting her loved ones that she was injured and on her way to the hospital but that she's okay. If you had loved ones you'd understand.
I forgot Hillary won the 2008 primary popular votes. Everyone hated her but she kept winning popular votes.
Just keep asking if he has anything to say about the criticism of Sanders itself. Don't let him control the narrative by talking about this "opinion" piece in the context of who the writer is.
Is your karma net worth worth the destruction of the liberal world order?
Twitter reality
Not to mention that Leo DiCaprio actually cut himself on the glass and continued the scene, which is why the prop manager has HIV.
Yeah I'm sure everyone will remember charileo
Late to work man
Sounds like a character in the Wire. Oh shit grandma comin!
Russia wasn't a country at the time, but we all know what it means.
Gav provides the perspective that Jasi isn't being a modern feminist, she just wants a different type of leading female because she wants to dominate the stage without having another actor (male romantic character) be an equal lead. It's about her desire to shine and nothing about feminism.
Can't get genital herpes if you never have sex. Semen retention keeps you healthy and makes you a wizard.
Even protestors are 24 hours.
War is always the solution
They were temporarily moved to give Google a more accurate map of the location.
If they're struggling the value of donating to Sanders is less than putting that money into a high yield savings account.
Here's a list: https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/stephaniemlee/these-startups-will-pay-you-for-your-dna I'm not gonna bother to look to see which of these are still operating.
lol how can cars in rural be real lol like just go Amish lol
I don't even bring my phone with me.
A sadder post than the tweet.
Same reason why monsters can't get you
That should be integrated into that Bikini Bottom horror comic that other reddit guy is making.
I'm not his manager, but I sent him a PM
Oh I thought they were using an FTP to share anarchist content
Have you been to Brooklyn?
Border collie is the supervisor from corporate.
Hmm. Sounds like I can be one of the people allowed to play if I'm fast enough when the guards aren't around.
But it was in fact the SON performing the surgery
Well at least you're not bored.
Can you expand on what you mean? How does GMO help herbicide makers and what destructive impact does it have on the environment?
Where's the Somali part coming from?
Oh, I thought it was something about the guy in the tweet.
At least I don't have to hear about Idiocracy as much anymore.
Yes, it's the only reason. Unlit areas are less targetable and also less inviting. It's one thing to break into an unlit store because you know it's just stuff in there. With the White House people *know* there are people with guns in there. If it's lit you feel a false sense of confidence that you'll be able to identify the guns and avoid them. When it's dark, you're not confident at all.
I have a Canadian friend who lives in DC. I'll have to ask him what he was doing last night and why he has so many torches stocked up.
No, it wouldn't be cheaper. The damages are nowhere near hundreds of billions yet.
I have a condom design like this.
I demand we only give UBI to babies. We're sick and tired of waiting for adults to live it up and waste their money on shapes and colors that we don't understand before *finally* we babies get our basic food and diapers. I'm tired of this trickle down breastmilk! Make Boobies Geysers Again!
Yeah, that video of a guy fucking a jetski was hot.
Social media already determines what you consume because what shows up in your feed is based on their black box algorithms. All Facebook has to do is slip in information from outside people's echo chambers to reduce its effectiveness. Of course, if they do that, then people will start accusing Facebook of pushing propaganda because obviously anything from outside our chamber is propaganda. Whatever Facebook does is gonna get people mad at them.
There are not two sides. Cops do smiley things, cops do murdery things, cops do paperwork that we never see (except in Hot Fuzz) because it's boring asf. Cops do many things and it's not some calculation where as long as it's a positive at the end everything's working fine. Everything can always be improved, including policing.
Unless I see it dominate r/all it didn't happen.
You: &gt; obama did nothing to stop the police Also you: &gt; These are literally all half measures. Good to know you think doing something is exactly the same as doing nothing.
To be quite frank, and this may be controversial, but I strongly believe that puppies are incredibly cute.
Good? Having job is good. Having manager fired is good if was bad manager.
Best politician in a generation. Technocrat through and through.
There's definitely a tier. Poor minorities at the bottom (maybe illegal looking minorities even lower), poor whites next, repeat as you go up the ladder. It's too easy to look only at the bottom and ignore the police brutality elsewhere. That's why systemic change is the name of the game.
Cody, no!
Hong Kongers are protesting against an outside power taking over their city. Americans are protesting against the people who are already in power. That's a key difference.
No, they haven't. Daily life of a HKer is far better than a CCP civilian. Much more freedom.
&gt; turns ballcap around &gt; sits in chair backwards &gt; leans forward Want to play a fun game about Jesus? It's just for kids, so don't tell your parents.
What was it then?
Maybe that's his daughter.
Because accidental gun injuries and deaths, stolen guns that are then used to commit crimes, and legally acquired guns that are then used to commit crimes all far outweigh the times a gun has been used to defend oneself, family, or home. I still support owning guns, but you have to acknowledge you're basically agreeing the additional harm in the world is worth the freedom.
You're comparing defensive uses to gun deaths with no inclusion of offensive gun uses or injuries.
&gt; We know we're going to have to eventually become family men and women, and have responsibilities and pay our bills. But just give us a couple of good days that we can look back on." A couple of good days? That's a pretty sad dream my man. No wonder he talks like that.
Got more than just a day off
Do you believe random citizens that have personal experience with Tara Reade and how manipulative she is in daily life? https://www.politico.com/news/2020/05/15/tara-reade-left-trail-of-aggrieved-acquaintances-260771
Okay, but it's a lot easier to learn dirty tricks than to properly fight.
Being a citizen of a former empire still has perks.
Yeah he spoke Mexican. That's why so many of my landscapers are named Jesus.
You just want more Dem Senators.
One's a reasonable look at how humans operate and the other's a masturbatory fever dream that college students are forced to read.
12% of Americans are over the age of 65. Why does Biden hate old people??!!
Dicks were sucked.
First thing to do is to liquidate your possessions so that you can fit your life into 2 duffel bags, and maybe a 3rd suitcase. Then you need to talk to my guy Marco. He can get you a number passports from different countries with localized names. Wait, you just need an apartment?
And how many have been Whigs?
I actually think there were a number of black Republicans after Civil War in the South. Shame they didn't abuse their power to keep the white power machine broken forever.
16 year old shot in the head by riot cops as well: www.kxan.com/investigations/everything-we-know-about-the-teenager-officers-shot-in-the-head-with-less-lethal-round-at-austin-protest/ Video of him collapsing like a sack is jarring.
You need to eat more fiber and wash your god damn ass.
Dude's been fighting injustice for a long time.
92, to be precise
And that's why racism is over! We win!
I think this is part of \#WhiteCoatsforBlackLives
If the hotels are able to deny the request then it's not a violation. If they "technically" can but feel pressured to not deny them because they're big men with guns or big wallets that's also still a 3rd amendment concern.
Those people want monkeys dancing for them. They don't want the monkeys to be human.
This is actually a reversed before/after. The left pic is what the balcony looks like now after 4 years of neglect in the weather.
That's called trust.
You can be traditionally masculine and still wear a skirt.
There wasn't even time to escalate. Driver informs cop he has a licensed gun in the car and 10 seconds later he's being shot.
NRA suggests you tell cops that you have a legal firearm during a traffic stop. But I guess their audience is a little different from Phil. Some states also legally require you to disclose that fact. I don't think MN is though.
Just look for the guys with an accent.
Don't let that end the conversation. Ask your friend why that doesn't bother him and doesn't it just mean that white people should be out there protesting police brutality too? Tell him all lives matter, so why is it that black people are the ones leading this protest?
Make the video smaller then. It's not hard.
It does when you don't account for infrastructure, corruption, or unknowns.
That's why they're doing it, cuz few people can actually use it. But the few that can are essential workers, which makes Verizon look even better. Pretty brilliant move.
Antarctica: thousands of miles away from other people. 10/10.
My new argument against All Lives Matter is: "You're right, they do, so why aren't you joining the protests against the police? More white people are killed by police brutality every year. Have you seen the video of Daniel Shaver?" 100% success rate in getting people to shutup.
You can't eat Central Park? Then what are they keeping all those animals in those cages at the park for?
&gt; Pretty sure all those things in combination would make one pass out and thus, unable to kill themself. But they don't necessarily make someone pass out, nor does it make someone unable to wake up and then shoot themselves. I'm not saying OP is right, just that there's an important difference for investigators between someone shooting themselves *because* they were raped and beaten versus someone was beaten, raped, and shot by the same person(s).
So you still have cops and you need to fund them. Basically you just want to rebuild the cops.
&gt; when most people are extremely clear on what they mean when they say “defund the police” as a chant-able slogan. "Defund the police" has a clear meaning, but that meaning is apparently wrong. A slogan has to be easily understood or else it's a bad slogan. Asking people to do research is not good politics.
I was born the day and year the USSR was dissolved. You're all welcome. I've done my part for humanity.
Does that mean when I breathe in I'm getting fatter?!!
Refuse to do serve the actual IRS agents, Congressional staff, and politicians. Life is hard when grocery stores kick you out, can't get dry clean, and the slashed tires won't be serviced by anyone.
Hot take: cake is the worst
I'm a plantkin and I take offense at your assumption that I don't do photosynthesis.
I say allow tribes do racism and then we can all feel less guilty for fucking them over.
Pretty sure everyone else is being sarcastic too.
AWS makes a small amount of their revenue, like 10%. It just has the best profit margin out of all their services. People buying shit makes up 80% of their revenue.
I remember that picture from a book about vikings. It had a cross section of viking long boats too.
All the people on the internet complaining about NYC not being worth it anymore and how they're going to go home ended up being little bitches who haven't follow through. And they were overrepresented on the internet too.
The trailer looked really bad. I ended up enjoying the hell out of it. Malkovich and Carrell have great chemistry.
I think, or hope, he's referring to presidents that are mostly talking heads. It's their advisors/cabinet members/VP/chief of staff/party leadership that actually tell him what to do, what to support, and what to say.
If you don't know the long answer then how do you know if the short answer is also full if misinformation? Short answer: ducks have feet Long answer: I don't know what makes a duck a duck
Oh god, I just said he represented the best of us.
No, the voting electorate is stupid and oversimplifying issues is effective. The problem is that they oversimplify into a position that sounds completely idiotic, dangerous, or nonsensical. Medicare 4 All is actually an example of a job done right.
Yes but you went to a community college
That's how local party building happens though. You meet other Democrats, you bond over political obstacles in your different locations, you discover solutions, you say "hey Bob, just found a great guy who's perfect for city council and he could make a real difference. Tap into your donor list and send over 10k for lawn signs." Bing boom bang you're the establishment now in whatever hellhole you call home.
Taxpayers don't pay regular people to kill other regular people. We do pay for cops though.
It's not one moment that eliminated him. There was a constant barrage of attacks on him as an out of touch elitist because he had a background in predatory acquisitions and he was from New England. Binders full of women just so perfectly fit that image and that's why it was talked about. Not to mention he was running against a capable incumbent that had improved the state of the economy. Which led to moments like "Please proceed, Governor." Few campaigns have been lost on a single comment.
That's like saying if Ted Bundy claimed murder was rampant then him being a serial killer is just proving his point. We have actual data on voter fraud. Anecdotal examples of voter fraud doesn't change reality.
&gt; Well now I know why Russia has more woman than men. They're implying the Russian men die because of stupidity, like what we see in the video. That's why there are more Russian woman than men.
Your midlife crisis didn't involve arson?
Internet would be considered American exceptionalism because it's "an achievement", like our railroad system in the 19th century, nuclear bombs, industrial capacity, university systems. International intervention isn't exceptionalism by itself, it's more the end result because American morality is exceptional and our military exception we have a duty/right to intervene around the world.
&gt; Anything less than full points would be stupid as hell. So you're saying the teacher failed the kid for not following instructions? Stupidteachergang represent
I'm just gonna point out that Americans have very different opinions from Indian on what smells are considered different or normal.
Is he only 3 terms?
That sounds violent. The Purge begins at midnight. The police have t-minus 60 minutes to hide.
Real neoliberal job hunting hours rn
Sorry, are you denying advanced bots their personhood? How dare you. Bots Rights Now!
They're the same ones that ask what's so wrong with nationalism and America has always been an "American" country why do we have to lose our "culture" to foreigners (btw "European" foreigners don't count as foreign)
&gt; polls show man may win &gt; man wins &gt; wtf polls are bullshit
Cholula
I've got a few drones to contribute to the coalition.
There is a benefit to have your provider understand your culture, lifestyle, and any medical conditions that can present themselves differently for people like you. Gay people often prefer to go to gay health centers. Women believe female doctors listen to their problems more and know more about how, for example, a stroke presents differently for women than men.
Does it say what their economy is based on? They declare this: &gt; We demand the people of Seattle proudly support Black-owned businesses. So clearly they're still capitalists.
You volunteering?
&gt; seems strange... throwing a little text to the start of the film seems like it would take about 10minutes to do. It's not one guy editing his home movie. There's a lot of teams involved, including legal, that has to approve every word and every step of the process.
Also the 2017 one doesn't seem like he wrote it.
I actually do support internationalism more than globalism. Intracompetition is healthy. We must not only have competition between individuals, but also competition between cultures and belief. But, ya know, you can still have friendly competition. Cant go around genociding different cultures.
Clearly he's an antifa plant.
Don't infect others with your migraine! You monster.
You have a moral duty to your country to replace lives lost to the pandemic. That must start with a Tinder date.
I do think it's important to understand the start of European colonization of the Americas. Columbus can be studied without being venerated tho
Should blame the sons of the confederacy. Not to take away female empowerment, but the DoA was definitely just a front for the men who lost official power to reclaim some of it.
&gt; dabbing lol boomer
What's the difference between a Lying Democrat and a Lyin' Democrat?
Everyone's just people. Some people train to do specific jobs. Running a government is actually a job. You can learn how to do it and be better at it than other people. If you just show up, say some stuff about your ideas, then let someone else figure out the details, you're bad at the job and you should not have that job.
You can still get tenure at a shitty school.
There are ads about Biden. We just see the anti-Trump ads on reddit because it's an anti-Trump audience and we like seeing cool shit that agrees with us.
Yeah and the declaration of independence didn't make us a free nation, but it's a pretty fucking big step and works just fine as a symbol.
I don't see Russian bot farms around every corner, but they do exist and sometimes a thread like this gets upvoted so highly that I just gotta wonder if the Russia to English translation got fucked up.
Higher educated people are more likely to be Democrats and are also more likely to be richer.
Police violence is far worse than the US in many countries, including Mexico.
That easily made it to the front page.
NTA The kids should grow up and understand that adults can have fun too and that they have human bodies. I'm assuming Kate isn't traumatized for life since this is a normal interaction.
How old are you?
This comment is catfishing OP. There is no YT channel.
Obama was a technocrat, not a Republican. He implemented what he considered to be good policies regardless of the genesis. Feeding into a hardline purity test of Republican vs Democrat is un-American and also fucking dumb. But if we want to argue the politics of it, that article is missing the vast changes made in the Obama administration to provide more equity to women and minorities, started police reform programs, championed fighting climate change, reduced funding the war on drugs, and nominated obviously Democrat approved Supreme Court justices. Obama was not a Republican. He just wasn't a socialist.
You're so disingenuous. Look at the way you present this: &gt; assassinating US citizens without congressional approval &amp; their family (such as Anwar al-Awlaki) He assassinated only one US citizen, Anwar al-Awlaki, who was an active terrorist aiding and abetting enemies of the United States. al-Awlaki's 16 year old son was killed separately as collateral because he was in the same room with another terrorist leader targeted by the CIA. That's the entire list. &gt; destabilizing Libya with Iraq-levels of incompetence. Libya intervention was NATO action led mostly by France with UK support. American involvement was limited to enforcing a no-fly zone and to protect civilians from being killed by Gaddafi. Did you want Americans to go in and try to build a stable country? Create like an actual Iraq situation?
Because he's a big dumb dumb. Still doesn't mean he didn't make positive changes to the war on drugs.
I'm not surprised. Gorsuch is an uptight stickler for rules. If the law says something, that's what it means.
I don't think his base will respond well to protecting transgender people.
Roberts was the best thing to come out of the Bush administration.
It's like elite kindergarten schools. Gotta apply before the baby is born.
To be fair, Trump does have more knowledge on how to be elected president.
This thread gonna get nuked for not being wholesome.
Imgur blows. Thank you for attending my TED talk.
No, the strength of the system would be showing if 4 cops didn't think it'd be perfectly fine for them to murder someone. Their plan wasn't to go to jail. They clearly didn't care about Floyd's welfare and that type of thinking didn't just happen to pop up out of nowhere with these 4. There are more out there and none of us know who they might be. The system doesn't filter them out.
&gt; Houston police said they believe a *Latino* man found hanged early Monday was a likely suicide. Hmm. I know this sub has moved away from high effort posts, but let's at least put in some mild effort at reading things.
Good thing about not being a Western country is you can just steal the Baby Shark tune without being sued.
They were separated for months because she was quarantined at the lizard hospital fighting lizard coronavirus.
I can only dream of taking a girl as good looking as her to the prom and I don't have any impairment. Except my ugly face and dumb brain.
I don't think Republicans actually support the first amendment.
Finally there will be peace between Pakistan and India when China controls Kashmit. Bless be to the peacemaker.
Why are you guys so weird. Why can't this sub just be normal.
I was once a yuppie by being a boy toy for a millionaire and then when he was out of the city on business I invited women back to the penthouse and pretended it was mine.
Jesus, that video looks so bad for Bethel. The protestor was the ultimate example of how to react. Turned the punch into a joke at the expense of the puncher, refused to engage and escalate the situation, and called the police out on their failures. I'd like to support him in some fashion.
I don't pay black people to commit crimes. I do pay the police.
Why do you think the old farmer in the 1950s was known as "Uncle Ben"? People called him that because he was black and older and they didn't call him Sir or Mister Ben. The whole name has racist roots. Keeping a black guy reinforces the racism of the name. If there's no black mascot then at least Uncle Ben can be maybe not racist.
Seriously, I gotta pay extra to get some wetflix
The video in the comment I'm responding to is a man.
You gotta resign one, can't be both. I'm assuming he'd prefer to not be governor.
You've opened up the freeloader problem. "Where's Billy, it's his turn to stand in line!" But Billy doesn't show up until the bus is there. "Sorry guys, had to shit." Does Billy still get to go? Probably, no one wants to abandon a friend, regardless of how shitty they are. Now you've rewarded negative behavior.
No he said it's a me-me
Sounds like the news writer should do some actual work to prove their headline.
Lyonette's entire belief system and concept of who she is got flipped around. The original Lyonette basically died in the frozen snow. I can see how she'd be open to the next crazy thing because that's her life now; just one crazy thing after another. Why not an ant?
Try some molly or lsd and do it again.
Just don't have sex why is that so hard and gosh darn why aren't teen pregnancies going down
I dunno, lighting a guy on fire is pretty shit. I managed to never do that at any age.
Walking down the runway, but it's built out of dead human bodies.
Aren't they also more urbanized with more walking and public transportation? I don't want to conflate London and Paris with the rest of the EU, so let me know if I'm wrong.
Like, our DT? How do we know? Is it you?
I vote yes. Reddit can barely handle one thought, much less 3 all at once.
Why can't black history month in school be a little darker so that it can include important history like this. Carver and his peanuts don't need all that damn attention.
Excuse me adrock, do you have any karma I can borrow?
I vote it's a little weird.
Slowly uncross and cross their legs?
Alright, thanks.
You don't ever notice the boring gay dudes.
I'd argue the Democratic Party is fueled almost entirely by passion. The problem is that passion is not sustainable, so it comes in waves. Conservatives come out every year to keep things the same; you don't need passion or awareness really to *not* change things. Progressives, liberals, whatever nomenclature you want to use, only come out when things get so noticeable that people can't make an excuse. When life is mostly good, there's no passion for Democrats to capitalize on and implement change.
Some of those Twitter comments are completely opposite Rose Twitter, in the bad way
You're just nitpicking.
Proud Bangladeshi factory worker saved by Landlord: &gt; "Our house rent is due. We are buying all our groceries on credit but they won’t give us any more food until we pay our bill. So our landlord managed to get a sack of rice for us and we’re surviving on that,” says Nahar.
Thanks. Sad to see the ivory tower get tarnished.
Sex often intersects with power
The answer on popular subs is always no. Reddit never understands how things works.
You're right. I meant to refer to profits per patient, not revenue. Sorry for being unclear.
Obama fixed everything, why bother paying attention after the drunken orgy of Novemer 4?
It hit the front page there once. Comments were a lot of "Biden wasn't my first choice, but he's a great choice."
At some point it'd be easier to just murder everyone for their yams instead.
The full video on Twitter is worse than this. The man got broken.
The transparency on costs won't bring down prices. The costs are formulated for health insurance companies, not for the consumer. As you said, hospitals will often cut down your out of pocket expenses because they care more about getting health insurance money than your money.
Or they're all mutants.
Why's it the last one? Because quarantine is over or because Danny is over?
I feel like Bush promising to invade the Middle East ("they'll hear all of us!") isn't the right message for "how a president leads". He had better lines to pick from.
I got hooked back when only chapters 1-4 were published. When do a reread the early chapters are definitely smaller, in scope, style, and other ways, but the core of great writing and a great story has always been there.
That means we're gonna get a Discworld/TWI crossover when the two turtles come together to mate and destroy the worlds.
Even with free choice most people are culturally stunted because they choose to continue consuming what they were exposed to when they were younger.
Drow cosplay is not blackface! Black people don't get to own the color black.
The country already has one of the highest educational cost per child ratios in the world. Focus needs to be on education reform, not giving more money to a flawed system.
I was sad to learn your potato pet dies after 2 months.
53% of pizza places with the name Tony in them have been permanently closed.
What's a printing press and widespread literacy education?
If panties show no clit, you must acquit!
I guess OP is super happy.
&gt; These acts of mass murder were intended to frighten our nation into chaos and retreat. But they have failed. Our country is strong. A great people has been moved to defend a great nation. &gt; Time is passing. Yet, for the United States of America, there will be no forgetting September the 11th. We will remember every rescuer who died in honor. We will remember every family that lives in grief. We will remember the fire and ash, the last phone calls, the funerals of the children Here's two less jingoistic quotes that are just as memorable. You don't have to use the highlight speech if it's not fitting for the narrative.
See if theres cash or drugs in them.
where wer u when neolib won \&gt; was home poopin \&gt; soros call "cth and thed is kill" \&gt; yes
A new battleground of communists vs alt-right.
No, the food was poisoned and the cat just saved the human's life. So ungrateful. And the cat knew it was poisoned because the cat did the poisoning.
lmao, this got shit on so much it was removed.
Feels like a Seinfeld/ASIP plotline here. Kramer/Charlie is a temporary wedding photographer and gets in trouble for being against interracial marriages. But he's just against it because the different skin tones make it impossible to photograph.
Cat.
The House is full of fucking nutjobs. They pass all sorts of dumb legislation for political points because they know the Senate will pass responsible legislation. But the Senate has been degrading. It will respond to populist pressure. We need the filibuster to slow down legislation and save Americans from their worst impulses. Can't put all of that on the Supreme Court.
This can't be accurate because in Harry Potter they rely on magic and an entire species of slaves to clean their rooms.
24/7 media has sped up our perception of problems and how fast governments should change. We don't need an overhaul of the system every decade.
