Fuck I've been making jokes about the tyre company in my head this entire time. It's actually the same company!? That's insane.
Of course the old ones are still there but future development has always been a big part of war thunder and it feels like it's going in strange directions now, and they don't necessarily know where they're going. The game had a strong theme before, now it seems far too general for that.
I've seen this before but I never realised it was actually John McAfee instead of some random guy, that's hilarious.
That whole thread is gold, he hits just that right level of crazy to make me want to see what he says next.
It's interesting to think about actually, when looking at most of history there's so little written down that we have to grasp at anything we can and take as much meaning as possible from it, but future historians looking at our time period will be drowning in primary sources.
I love this show, just been rewatching it recently, glad they put the last two seasons on netflix finally.
It's a play on the proper tesco slogan "every little helps".
There are differences between american states, sure, but who can really believe that those cultural differences are greater than the ones in Europe? Look at Greece, compared to the UK compared to Spain compared to Germany. There's so much variation there.
We know that not all Americans are like the people in this sub's posts, but it's a comedy sub that collates the worst examples so of course we don't take it too seriously. I actually hear a lot about Americans on the whole being friendly and good. You still have an awful government, healthcare system, education system. Awful gun laws and slightly disturbing private prisons, but we don't have anything in particular against individual american citizens.
It's one of the best films I've ever seen, you really should see it.
This stuff happens way too much in the US, you guys really need better sex ed.
This is really the first I'm seeing hate for it, I really thought it was very well received.
Fuck I was going to bring that up, guess it's too well known now.
This may actually swing me on buying the expansion at release, FTL is one of my favourite games of all time and the soundtrack plays an unsusually large part in the reason for that because it's so good.
I assume most of those 300 employed are in law enforcement, to keep the unemployed 400 from rioting.
I was like that with the PragerU channel on YouTube. I watch a lot of educational type stuff there and stumbled upon them, thought they had good points, then somebody pointed out their video on global warming, which I actually know enough about to tell if someone is talking crap or not, and it was such batshit crazy bullshit that I had to just reevaluate my opinion of everything I'd heard from them.
And it's better for it. I know if I really tried I could get into ck2 and love it, and if I really wanted to I could do the same with that hoi4 save I played 20 minutes of, but getting into those games feels like actual effort, you need to be willing to give real mental energy to it, like playing opus magnum or something. With stellaris I can still just pick it up and have fun, it allows me room to really try at it and do well, but it doesn't demand it quite as forcefully.
You know what really grinds my gears? People mixing up breaking and braking.
Americans literally just can't imagine a democracy that isn't corrupt at its core.
The fact that you can't just ask criminal ones to leave makes sense, because they're criminals. Regular branch offices require commercial pacts, I assume that they are removed if those pacts end, or I hope so at least.
It's because for some reason, picket ships are now the starting auto corvette, rather than interceptors. It's fine starting with PD unlocked, even though I don't like it because it takes away my early game strategy of using missiels everywhere while they use shields and haven't researched PD, but picket ships and PD slots in general should be something used infrequently, or just in response to missile use, rather than the general purpose ship.
The current system is way more complex, I don't know why that would be easier.
Yeah that makes sense, which is probably why it's how it works right now.
This has good intentions but I guarantee it's going to appear on /r/wowthanksimcured
There are a lot of Seth McFarlane style jokes, including stuff that's already dated, and just ignores the fact that the show is set hundreds of years in the future in favour of making a 90s reference anyway, but it can get off with it, because it's not taking itself too seriously, and even the jokes that don't really work are never too grating, and the rest of the show is really excellent so overall it's great.
If you're a thief there's free stuff at every address.
I genunitely never noticed that rule before, didn't know this sub was exclusively for US politics, I just thought it worked out like that because Trump was always the easiest thing to laugh at.
That still seems like a lot to me really, living in Scotland.
You don't actually get dental on the NHS either. Well, you do, but it's not free, just different prices from private practices. I think they tried to to implement that and opticians back when they founded it, but they cost way too much compared to everything else so they were dropped.
This but Tim Minchin songs.
Photoshop is so good nowadays though. Yeah, most of the time it's obvious, but most of the time the editor isn't actually trying to fool you. A bit of effort makes telling a fake super difficult.
That's actually really quick, well done.
Hey, I almost know what means, guess my biomedical science degree is going well after all
You've got a great line if it comes up again at least "that's what [ex of other gender] said, guess they were wrong".
I thought it was really good before 2.2 seems like it got a bit of a nerf now, although you point out a lot of benefit here that I never saw before.
Feels like discovery is reworked now so that that's not as big a part of what it offers. They changed the useless "assist research" one even.
Yeah I've felt like I've just had to buy alloy whenever I've wanted more than one or two ships built. Also defence platforms are at an insane premium. 300 alloy? Hell no.
I love how fast growth seems now. It used to take ages for any pop to grow, and it still takes a while, but having it be a 1-100 scale with larger amounts of growth, and having more stuff that can influence it positively feels really good to play.
Then you buy a Switch. Take it anywhere, put it down at a moments notice to see to the baby.
It's interesting to think about how it's changed as the series has evolved. IIRC payday 1 was a lot more focused on the fact that bullets would fuck you up, so getting hit was scary even with high level gear, and payday 2 at launch moved away from that a bit with ways to regen health and all that, and then with so much more content drops and new strategies and dodge builds, bigger armour, and way more difficulty levels the whole dynamic is totally change and it just gets ludicrous compared to what it used to be.
Seems like weird behavior on the bulls part, it literally had to immediately turn 180 degrees and decide to spontaneously attack him, and that's exactly what it did.
Alright then sorry, that's just my bad memeory. Maybe I didn't start playing it right after launch then, I don't remember, it was 4 or 5 years ago.
That's no moon.
I think WWII wins because of the holocaust, but take it out and WWI is probably the strongest contender. The loss of life in the first world war was staggering, and it was for absolutely no reason at all. At least in the second world war there was someone that could be pointed at as the instigator, the one comitting terrible acts that had to be stopeed, a reason to fight for. The first war had no reason at all.
How do you not see that? It's exactly what it looks like, and is the symbol denoting archwing missions.
To be fair kids today have no idea what toy story is probably. Your post is true for me however, but I'm 20.
Spend your next 4 days... wisely.
It's still great because the campaigns it gives are absolutely worth using, but yeah that's not as big now, although I'd still take it early game, I tend to not prioritise unity as much as I should.
It's weird how huge the internet is now. I spend pretty much most of my time on the internet. I still had to look up marques brownlee. He's got 7 million subscribers and I'd never heard of him, and there's probably hundreds of channels like that on youtube, not even including all the silly BS ones that are just popular "vloggers" or whatever is popular with 10 year olds now.
Just to clarify, the mod works in 2.2 right now, but he's still working out some bugs I think.
Everything about this screams that he's never even spoken to a woman before.
I still don't get why that's a limited time thing instead of just a permanent feature.
No, you need at least one unit on the ground or you lose morale steadily and break. That can be anything though, like a lord or hero.
before 2.2, I loved how much quicker it was to entirely refit a fleet compared to building a new one, now even basic upgrades take forever.
I don't know, I feel like it's more realistic that if you're just updrading guns or shields, it would be a lot less work to fit the new ones into an existing ship than start over.
Well there wasn't really a huge incentive to make one, since we got rid of polio as a problem for the most part, but I don't think there's an easy one anyway. Polio paralyses the muscles required for breathing, so you need something to force air in and out, it's not like it could be solved with a simple oxygen bottle or something.
They threaten to all the time, but they rarely bother. Also, something that a lot of people don't realise is that even if they do send someone round, they don't actually have any authority to come in and check, as long as you tell them you don't want them to come in, they can't, and they don't have any power to take it further than that.
It's because saying something like that gets guys excited, which means more speed.
Wow what a cunt.
It's nice that they kept it to 4 so you'd still have a hand free to type with.
As much as Elon Musk has said some really offputting stuff recently, he's definitely right here, the best way forward for the electric car is to just make it better than petrol/diesel ones.
This is why my favourite unit in the entire game... is chaos warhounds. You set them on any routing unit, or anything about to rout, and they will absolutely destroy it. Any game I take them in they get hundreds and hundreds of kills, and it's so useful in stopping that endless cycle of rout and reform that so many enemies do in this game. Plus they have 90 speed, so at the end of the match they can intercept units even over great distances before they reach the border, and it brings you way closer to wiping an army, rather than having most of it successfully rout.
They are notably less effective against armor, but even so because of their numbers and animations, they still shred everything. They're also great against archers, because even though the stats say they'll lose most of the time, in reality the ai will always try to make archers retreat first, so it's an easy kill anyway.
/r/wholesomememes?
I think I'm pretty knowledgable about most lgbt stuff now, as I probalby should be, being bi myself, but I'm still a bit unclear about how the whole NB thing relates to gender. I thought if you were non-binary, then you weren't conforming to either male or female, yet I see a lot about trans NB people, and I can't help but thinking that if you're nb, then the term lesbian doesn't really apply any more than saying gay male would, but I can't think of a better one.
Those cops seem a bit rough for dealing with a seemingly unarmed moron who isn't resisting. Even just coming out with the guns like that was a bit overkill really.
I'm not sure actually, I don't know how harmful asbestos is short term, it's more just very harmful long term because of the cancer.
Actually it didn't skew the results. The test wasn't to determine whether frogs would not react if the water was boiled slowly, but to test if the reaction came from the spinal cord or the brain, so some frogs were left with both intact, and jumped out, and some had the brain removed, which obviously didn't, so really it was quite useful experimental data.
I'm not saying to give the guy a fighting chance, but by the looks of it even 2 officers calmly walking in with their weapons still holstered would've resulted in him just giving up at that being and being handcuffed behind his back. I don't get the whole violently throwing him to the ground and dragging him around bit.
I'm not saying to give the guy a fighting chance, but by the looks of it even 2 officers calmly walking in with their weapons still holstered would've resulted in him just giving up at that being and being handcuffed behind his back. I don't get the whole violently throwing him to the ground and dragging him around bit.
So? This isn't a tough guy competition. The thief here wasn't trying to get into a fight either, or even run, and they looked like they were ready to kill him at a second notice, and threw him to the ground quite unnecessarily and violently.
Goddammit Andy stop trusting people.
You would only really need to change the new stuff, and anything that lasts a very long time, like road signs, then the stuff with the old measurments would fade out naturally.You'd still need people to know the new units though, or the new road signs would be a nightmare.
Seriously. I have at times doubted my bisexuality slightly because I prefer feminine guys but androgynous women are hot af too so I think I'm good.
I'm definitely gonna wait to see if more comes up before I say this was bethesdas fault, but I will say that given their recent history, I wouldn't even be slightly surprised if it was, which says a lot about how sub-par they've been recently.
WTF why is that even illegal?
You misspelled puppeteers.
More like Euro truck sim in space, you can't take the spreadsheets in space title away from Eve online.
There are fallen empires that can be friendly and give you open borders, so that's definitely the better option.
Well today's Sunday the 16th and the ban goes into effect on the 17th, so I'm gonna guess Tuesday.
Because previously they were heavily involved in the war and couldn't give a shit about the humanitarian aspect.
No, more plastic
Eh, there's enough low tier content. Maybe fixes or tweaks here or there would be nice but with most trees I'm closer to wanting less vehicles rather than more (at least aircraft wise) because it'd make progression clearer. I've been playing Soviet planes recently and they essentially have 3 different columns of fighters, one bomber, one attacker, that seems unnecessary.
How do you be a Jewish Nazi?! That's a complete contradiction.
I mean it feels like the internet made me pretty gay.
I want this show to be resurrected for season 4 so badly. Don't know why Netflix would cancel one of their strongest performers.
Vine but before vine
My dudes
That's in an improvement course? God US driving standards are low. Plus 2 car lengths is a bad way to measure it. 2 seconds is better because that's always correct regardless of speed.
Most people asking for legalisation of everything don't think it's harmless, just that the responsibility for the risk should be taken by the individual.
Wait really? That's genuinely hilarious. It does make me worry that those rules are actually enforced though, because nsfw games get kinky af and there's no better place for extreme kinks to be safely explored, and fantasy cartoon incest isn't even a big deal, just taboo, and distasteful to some.
&gt;YouTube said the videos removed mainly had inappropriate adult content RIP /r/youtubetitties
Not quite if you're being pedantic about what the internet means, but yes, a Brit invented the World Wide Web, which I'm sure is what you're referring to.
I wasn't expecting it just from the titlem I guess I don't have that much of a connection with just the word "todd" yet.
Is that actually happening? Because that's a comically evil thing to do.
I'm surprised america is that popular, you'd expect germany to be really popular just because of the mysticism that's came to surroudn the luftwaffe, and because they're the bad guys. You'd expect the UK to be popular because of how iconic their planes are when thinking about the history of that time, but i guess people just stick with loyalty to where they live, so soviet and US queues are the biggest.
You know what, I'm not sure if it is? I'm not sure "why are you black" is inherently racist, I don't think it's anything.
There's always the possibility of a heart attack at any moment, you just don't know how big of a possibility.
I mean I've at least got the sense to know that I'm bi but if I'm being honest dicks are way more attractive than men as a whole.
"And the planet is still there" What a standard to hold us to.
The biggest problem in war thunder has always been random bullshit death. First it was just aircraft, and you'd be flying along when suddenly your pilot is dead, you have no idea how and your 200% rp bonus just got wasted on a life that got you a score of 12. Then they introduced tanks and it was maybe even worse there, being randomly sniped by someone kilometres away and exploding. Neither of these situations have ever been fun, and when they happen to me my first reaction is to switch off the game entirely. Ships solved this, and are actually super fun. You can usually take a few hits at least before you die, so only on the absolute worst lives do you feel like you're wasting your time. Even so, the worst experiences playing ships is still the odd occasion when your ammo explodes on hit number one. All that being said, adding more methods to instantly kill players, especially if they're not being warned about it, is not the solution to move forward with an enjoyable game experience.
That's a new viewpoint to me, the challenging bit I mean. Most of the opinions I heard on it was that it was far too easy by a wide margin.
It always cracks me up how the it's all the fakest bad porn acting ever, but then the guy makes the "hey, what the fuck!" line sound super real.
You know what, I'm actually impressed that Aladdin and jasmine aren't white, even though when I watched the animated version when I was young that's how I saw them. That being said this looks horrendous, wtf is going on with will smith skiing this.
And here I was thinking it was amazon that was going to be the megacorp that took over for the government.
This was it for me except independence was code for gay hookups where they couldn't know or stop me or judge.
Lots of people never get to 2400. I usually wind up starting a new game way before then.
Worf, no!
Yeah it's always the first thing to research, after tools maybe.
Boy that'd have spiced things up.
Hey everyone can have a nice ass.
/r/BrandNewSentence
I love reddit is fun but I tried Relay, which isn't as well known but should be, and it's amazing, never went back to RiF.
A lot of people seem to be disliking this, a lot because it causes upkeep because of habitability. I'm just going to point out that there is a solution some of you might have missed. Click on the portrait of the growing pop under population. You can then choose which pop type will grow on that planet. Usually I set it to whoever has the highest habitability and leave it like that.
They're not entirely wrong if it was consensual on the kids part though. He might regret it down the line but most of the guys I knew at 14 would be bragging about it.
Did the one in Alaska close?
Yeah I'm glad I live in Scotland where we're sensible about drugs instead of that.
Seriously I've never climbed and felt like it actually put it above anyone, everyone else has done it better.
Honestly I'm pretty cynical about dlc for this game. The game started as a beta in what 2012? Went for years getting free updates, it was great. Then last year it's bought by take-two, one of the scummiest publishers in the industry, and that's saying something. Then shortly after that a paid expansion is released, no coincidence.
I'm pretty surprised ksp is on consoles tbh, it really strikes me as a pc only kind of game.
For the last time vaccines doens't cause autism.
It's not quite the bisexual goose headline, but it'll do.
[It took me a few minutes to track it down but I put the work in, for you](https://i.redd.it/v778xhl7oiz11.jpg)
It's OK you'll get through it, and then you'll die.
It'd probably just move to tor, so you'd have legal porn there too.
*laughs in pansexual*
I'm sure that'll happen in some places where tech replacements are rare but keeping them working is important. Nuclear plants come to mind.
Probably, but there's no proper indication of that and it ruins the fun to be cynical and assume the worst of everything.
It went an impressive distance before catching fire. I like how the pilot was fine just riding it out before the fire too, then he ejected.
It's kind of arbitrary to be honest, and I usually go by bi. Pan is supposed to be more inclusive of trans people and other outliers since someone decided bi doesn't include those, but it does really.
It kind of is, which is why I just say I'm bi even though I like everyone. I just called myself pan here because I thought if I didn't someone would go "aha, but what about trans people" thinking they'd caught me out.
That was prime flip phone era right? Pretty sure the iPhone was 2007.
I love that somebody made a game based around this entirely, but I'm sad it didn't get that much attention. It was a 4 player online fps where every player was invisible, but it was laid out like split screen and you had to shoot them based entirely on knowing where they were from screen looking.
Yeah, I'd want to know, and I'd want them to tell me, but just in the same way they'd tell me they were interested in girls if they were straight. It shouldn't have to be a big deal if they don't want it to be.
They aren't, they actually have a long history of being discriminatory against LGBT communities, on religious grounds. Obviously they don't exactly pulicise that so most people don't know about it.
Yeah, it's a shame, because they're probably the biggest charity of their type and they probably do a lot of good work, but as long as they keep us those bad practices there's no way I'm going to donate to them.
[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1CQ7Vwz8Eo) for anyone unfamiliar or who just wants to listen to it again.
There's a surprising amount of new buttons which don't clearly look like pressable buttons in this update, bad ui design tbh.
&gt; rationalized food Rationed?
I think that's an optimistic definition of very.
You know I thought that was a really weirdly specific comment but it does look like a bowling alley for some reason.
The city districts one is, but it took me a while to realise you could click on the pop growing box in the population tab to select which pops will grow on a planet.
Pretty certain it's a girl but could just be super twinky
And the photo was taken in February
It's actually one of my favourite changes to the game in years. Pilots being instantly knocked out was cancer, literally the worst way to die and it happened all the time. Now I feel like I can survive those situations sometimes.
Wasn't it 11, 6 of which were Jews?
Good bot (I didn't even notice the mobile link thing)
I didn't see that, it's strange because the page seems to confidently cite 2 different figures. It's probably best to take the largest figure in this case though so I'll cede that 17 is probably the better number.
In the side bar under Deaths it says "Around 6 million Jews; using broadest definition, 17 million victims overall." With a citation. That's where I looked to start with. You're right about it saying 17 clearly as well though.
Proudly hosted on photobucket dates this as much as anything.
/r/selffuck
Bombers can be annoyingly fragile but I've had fun with them in AB recently. To be fair I've been levelling the russians which I've barely played so I'm only at about 2.0 BR, but if you take a bomber at the right time, you can often get the skies to yourself just to repeatedly bomb bases as your bombs come back every 45s-1min. Also fighters are bad at that tier, and I mean the players not the planes. They'll sit right behind you but never fire if they're too far for the lead indicator to pop up, so I've taken out loads by using my rear gunner well.
I still need to get around to that, I've only watched the original but loved it.
She wanted to date you so bad, it's a shame. Could be something else but it really sounds like she just couldn't handle seeing you in a relationship, loved you too much to be friends sort of thing.
A cat is fine too
Most people on Reddit weren't though. Even to be born in 1970 you have to be 48, let alone old enough to remember it.
It's ridiculous how big the difference is between how easy sex is compared to any dating at all.
This is the kind of thing that'd have been on /r/imgoingtohellforthis back when it was actually just a good sub for dark jokes. That's way in the past now.
You just found out? I'm pretty sure newgrounds was the birth of nsfw gaming, at least in the West, maybe even so for amateurs animators.
It played all the time in the UK when I was young
[The computer company hyping a better version of their product, at the same price, which was right around the corner, when their business was surviving solely on pre orders of the existing product.](https://youtu.be/bEyxg_TnJ5A)
It's not that bad. It's not high quality by any means, but it has a few good laughs. I remember it being hilarious in season one, not sure if it went downhill or if my tastes changed.
It's not a boeing but yeah, I did some flying with the Air Cadets and it's super easy. Second time there and they're happy for you to take it through a loop or a stall turn.
He said the magical bullshit wasn't real.
Well I'd be 10 again, and secondary school kind of sucked for me most of the way through, but I still feel like I'd be able to make it decent second time round, maybe follow a path I'd be happy with and not end up stuck in a degree I don't care about all that much.
It is to the morons.
He did, "both" means either of 2 options, not either of any amount of options.
That was a confusing sentence as a Brit.
They're tryin!
Well you should, but only if they're useful, and you shouldn't take them seriously enough to have emotional impact.
As a massive fan of his, that really hurts to read for some reason. Reddit is a fantastic place and he's shunning support for him here because he sees being popular on Reddit as detrimental to his reputation. I'm sure he's just out of touch, he came off that way in his video about deepfakes.
I liked Grim and the Grave. Free company militia are useful. Never played with volkmar much but he's definitely unique. Plus mortis engine which was great, and lots of RoRs.
/r/allthewaythrough (VERY NSFW)
You're more creative than me, but I do love creating empires too. I always get to the year 2300 or a bit past that then decide "I'd love to play as [totally different empire] then spend half an hour tailor making an empire like that.
There is a lot more distance with men though so he's not ignoring it. Not that we're perfect, have you seen balls? They're weird.
I thought this was true. The sea looks pretty grey when it's overcast.
Somehow misread that as free for 7 days then was diappointed. I'd like to play it, but not enough to pay for it, and definitely not that much.
Amd APUs were already great so no surprise. My pc still has one, although I put in a 290 to supplement it. Even before that though it was at least as good as an Xbox 360 I'd say and the APU was less than a hundred quid.
This genuinely made me think though. Are trans womens vaginas after SRS, in a different place from cis women's? Since the surgery is more of a conversation process from a penis. I don't think so, but it would make sense.
What exactly is the left side even supposed to be referring to, it says 1922-1945, which is a very odd start year.
I almost watched it. I remember looking for a film to watch with my dad and I'd seen a trailer for it that looked good, but the trailer that played when I suggested it to him was so awful that I was embarrassed to have suggested it and had to emphasise that the one I'd seen was better. Maybe I'll have to watch it now to see if the first trailer was more representative.
I must've looked at it for a good 20 seconds before I saw the actual monkey though
/r/notmyjob
It's simple! Smile is friendly and innocent, winky face is flirting.
Everything seems attracted to metal in this game, most notably stalkers. Would be cool to have a lore explanation.
There might not be a better way of making me hate a character than that scene in the lobster.
There's an idea that you can split romantic attraction and sexual attraction. For some people the two are very closely tied, but for others that's not the case. In this case homoromantic would mean you feel romantic attraction to the same sex, but only romantic attraction. Asexual is feeling no sexual attraction towards any other people, but you could also be heterosexual.
Holy shit it must have just been quarantined, it wasn't a couple of days ago.
Or in Scotland: "Fit like?" "Ahright, yersel?"
I don't know what it is about war thunder but it feels like defeats and victories always come in strings. Like 3 defeats in a row is the norm.
That'd be useful. It's a set amount of time and you can already see the percentage obviously but it would be good to get an actual date
This was genuinely me in high school. It was also true, my teenage years weren't my best.
I've got a switch and I forget that. I think I've bought one game that cost that much, and it was dark souls. The switch is a goldmine for amazing and cheaper indie titles. I'd rather have darkest dungeon and into the breach than Splatoon 2 anyway.
Even ignoring the morality of the pedo stuff, the gatekeeping here is hilarious. The guy saying he's nutted to an 11 year old, but wouldn't touch real pedo porn, because obviously that's disgusting.
That's a lot of work for a bland pancake. Impressive though.
It's honestly fitting. It's a complete personification of the United states, I can't think of anything that sums up the country better.
It can take up quite a bit, but there are good packs that don't take that much, and you can actually harm performance in java by allocating too much memory. I use about 4 or 5GB and while I don't run the biggest modpacks (mostly because I have a weak CPU) I can run stuff like infinity lite or stoneblock just fine.
Scotland is nice. We have some excellent universities and our tuition and loan systems are very generous. You'd still have to pay since you're outside the EU, but not nearly as much as in an american university.
That's still on the go? I was a young kid in the early 2000s and it's only a vague memory for me, it was barely a thing at that point.
Florida too.
I actually had no idea that tuition costs were that low in the US, that's actually lower than england is since they raised their costs. I've pretty much only heard of people having huge amounts of debt from US, and I guressed that Americans wouldn't have to pay a huge amount to study here, which was wrong. It's more because we apparently charge US students a lot more than I thought we did actually.
I'm still a bit shocked how canadians never came up in my education regarding WWII. You think of Americans as having the worst education but I'm scottish and despite covering the second world war quite a bit, I don't think canadian forces were ever mentioned at all, I didn't know they played a part until it happened to come up when I was talking to a canadian friend, and I was an adult by that point.
Or /r/wowthanksimcured
When /r/gifsthatkeepongiving meets /r/gifsthatendtoosoon
I mean I wouldn't say "only" but...
A ksp bridge building game featuring all sorts of wacky vehicles would be fun.
There's a lot of ambiguous skin tones, people need to stop labelling so readily.
I think it's fine to be less attracted to certain races as long as there isn't anything malicious behind it. I tend not to be attracted to Asian guys much. Occasionally I see one I really like but it's way more common for me to like white guys. It's not really racist, just an aesthetic preference.
That's not where the term really comes from though. Look at any flat map of the world and it becomes obvious, the far East is China and the rest of that region, the middle East is West of that and in "the West" you have the culturally linked Western civilization which trace ancestry back to ancient Greece and such when you go back far enough. Australia and New Zealand are eastern geographically but culturally Western.
McDonald's actually tastes alright. It's trash, yeah, but it tastes good.
I think it just has to be a cultural shift. And that's a very slow process but I don't know what else there is. I probably wouldn't have race based preferences if I didn't grow up in an almost totally white area with white people being so much of a norm that everything else was strange.
He ain't wrong though
I hate my country but occasionally I love it.
42000? That's actually pretty huge. Australia isn't even that populus a nation so that's a lot.
Modern prosthetics are starting to near the point where they look lke an actual upgrade deus ex style, so second option. If they're indistructible, then I'm probably near immortal, and without decaying limbs I could be a badass cyborg in 50 years.
Holy shit, I assumed it happened before and I thought he was brave, doing that the day after such a massacre makes it much more impactful.
I just want to say that the shrugging guy for a random button and the "dis way / dat way" buttons are great.
Are they? Maybe basic college qualifications are like that, it's hard to differentiate the two when americans talk because they say college for everything, but my uni module recommends about 200 hours of study per module (3 in a semester run simultaneously) and a lot of that is self study. It's needed too. I'm in a science course though.
If the germans had won every other front they might not have lost to russia, but the best they could hope for would be to set up well defensively and not lose for long enough that Russia would be willing to call a cease fire.
I think it fits well into the heavy fighter role of you compare it to WWII planes for example. On the other hand that makes so sense in space but eh neither do dogfights
Seriously I don't know how they screwed up the windows solitaire app so much
Also lots of people know Hugh Laurie largely or entirely as House
4D chess isn't a the donald thing though they just took it on. It was a saying for a while before. I think it started because they have 4d chess in star trek or something.
Everyone else is bringing up darkest dungeon, and yes, but from that title and the style I'm also getting a strong dark souls 1 vibe. Especially artorias and the abyss type stuff.
That sounds good. I remember grinding my level 60 odd pokemon on wild pokemon for hours on pokemon diamond as a kid. Watching the bar tick up almost invisible amounts at a time.
They're being pretentious about it but they're not too wrong. Long flights across the atlantic are expensive compared to hopping around europe, and at least as climate goes, they can see a lot of different places within the US.
To listen to it on it's own, FTL absolutely. It's such a great relaxing soundtrack. Favourite for how it fits into the game? Probably dark souls. That grand orchestral music coming in when a terrifying boss appears, when the rest of the game has little ambient noise, gives the fights such a great feeling.
I wondered if it was that video. I really liked that one, it was super interesting.
Nah I'd say she's drawn to look around 18-20.
Huh, Slovakia has Tesco
Fucking Sky, blocking it in the UK.
Your transition is amazing but I hope you don't mind me saying I hope you kept the abs because damn.
It's crazy that they essentially managed to sell more tickets by making people less likely to win Edit: actually read the link now, I was assuming they did something similar to the American Powerball lotto which reduced win chances to be able to advertise bigger jackpots, which actually did get more people playing.
Wait isn't it late second century? Depends how many turns in you are I guess
That's a much better way of framing it. When people start thinking about probability Vs reward in pure numbers then they lose focus of the lose scenario and it's consequences
I'm not sure I would classify encouraging a dog to lick you as abuse. They'll do that just because, and it doesn't harm them. Not saying it's exactly normal or whatever but I don't think abuse is a good definition for it.
Because it's easy to give a race one defining feature that makes them different and nothing else. For example star trek. The klingons are violent, the ferengi are greedy, the vulans are logical. Everybody gets one trait and the species is defined by it, which is absurd compared to humans.
Ok I know it's Americans but Jesus the "God saved me" and "my prayers were answered" is a little heavy handed.
Yeah but, 5K for a monitor is just as bad. 5k for a PC is bad but at least within slight reason if it's extreme end hardware, but 30k? No fucking way. I know they're marketing to the obscenely wealthy but even those people should be telling them to fuck off just on principle that 30K for a decent computer is absurd.
A conservative would eat shit just so a liberal had to smell it on their breath.
For $2000 they'd better suck my dick all the way there, nice isn't much of a consolation.
I can imagine disliking pushy environmentalists in the same way as disliking narcissistic vegans, but actively harming your environment just to counter the good cause of people you dislike for personal reasons is the most petty and ridiculous thing I can imagine.
What's the point in even having insurance at that point.
Holy shit 600 a month for student loans? No wonder people complain. In the UK you pay up to 9% of income you earn over £17000 annually. I'm just trying to work it out now, if you have a good job but nothing that makes you super wealthy, say £30K a year, you're paying 9% of 13K, which is £1170 per YEAR. I hope you're working in a very well paying job to have that kind of cost from your loan, but it doesn't sound like it.
Probably your company. It's really easy to surround yourself with like minded people and forget it's not the norm. Hell I'm bi and I've go so many LGBT friends I sometimes sort of forget straight people are actually common, despite them being 90%+ of the population.
I totally forgot I had that "millennials to snake people" extension installed.
Young people face so much hardship ahead. I'm 20 now and I can't really imagine ever owning a house. I wonder if the NHS will exist for much longer, or if the medication I need will one day drive me to poverty. I wonder if our freedoms and the social programs we use to improve quality of life for everyone will continue to be eroded by conservative governments. I wonder if it will ever become easier to live comfortably, in a world where automation threatens every single job market, and people are worth less, yet a full time career becomes more and more of a necessity for comfort. I wonder if soon ecological catastrophe will destroy our way of life as politicians do whatever they can to stop us from mitigating climate change, and species die out at an apocalyptic rate. The future may be bright, but my hopes for that have been fading more and more these last few years, as possible future seems full of misery. My lifetime will have great struggles in it, and for those even younger than I am, I can only hope.
Hell I'm from scotland, one of the most famously patriotic countries in the world and I don't see our flag that often. We definitely didn't have one at our school, that sounds weird.
I can't even tell if you're being sarcastic or if that's just how much this stuff worms into peoples heads. In case you're not sarcastic, of course growing up with it makes it seem normal. It's repeated hundreds of times to shake off contradictory thoughts, and from a young age to ensure it's the first view on the topic thrust upon a young and impressionable person. Plus it's just creepy nationalism. You shouldn't be proud of your homeland. I mean you should, but not just because it's your homeland, but because of what it does or provides. Just repeating that it's great over and over without reason is just brainwashing.
Is it though? Yes it is when looking at full scale Holocaust era nazi Germany, but mid 30s and it's probably a decent analogue.
Started as one thing doesn't mean that it's just about that, what they're saying is the meaning has changed. Of course "tied to" is a poor choice of words because they definitely have ties to communism if that's how it started.
Dundee is nice. North of that is windy, West of it is rainy. It's the only pocket of good weather
I think it's just A US thing. Stemming from very strong religious influence from white slave owners, developing into a cultural staple for black Americans.
Without the top panels this would be kind of funny
Freezing? Not this year or last. It's been too warm outside many days
Kalashar look awesome tbh. Psionic people, who get telepathy as a basic language. Fallen Aasimar are cool too though, I'm actually playing an Aasimar right now, although I'm doing it as a protector Aasimar oath of devotion paladin. Basically the most narcissistic self obsessed hero you could imagine.
Smash is super well balanced. They're basically all great and it's just a matter of what your style is. I love playing ganondorf because it's fun getting smacked around by light fighters for ages, then catching them with just the right couple of hits and destroying them immediately. Plus his attacks hit such a huge area. On the other hand I wouldn't touch ness but loads of people do super well with him.
Ok apparently it's unfashionable to be anti epic games now, despite nothing changing to make supporting them a better idea. Sounds like reddit.
Looking into this, the Vega 56 is more powerful than I thought. I didn't know it was that much better than the 580, and figured it also wouldn't be a significant upgrade from my 290
Fucking hell england pick up the pace. This really speaks to everyone else doing shite if scotland with 5 million population represents 84% of tree planting.
You know, it can't have had to go through that many people who just wouldn't have to be terrible for that to not happen. Like there's a chain of people that will see that, but I would've expected a decent chance that none of them would be shitty enough to resort to tearing open mail and stealing other peoples valuables.
I hope you're using "on the street" as a very loose term otherwise that's a fantastic number
You're a celebrity in the right place in asia for being white. My childhood australian friend lived in china when he and his sister were young (under 10) and they both ended up as models in a winter clothing catalogue. No experience or connection to that kind of work, just got approached because being white in china has that kind of influence.
Everyone here is complaining but it took me a good while to spot the second girl.
They definitely put huge amounts of work into it. In early access it was one of the biggest problems.
Game from that era on modern hardware? It's not that old, it's only wait hold shit it's 11 years old? Dead space 3 came out in 2013? No way that was 6 years ago, it's still recent.
Having a 16 core gaming CPU is insane. It's not even that high end either, it's in the same spot as the highest end intel CPU usually has been before they did this massive price hike thing. Seems like yesterday that quad core was a big selling point for a CPU.
Well it's Reddit so more to circle jerk than argue
The US has perfected capitalism, the thing is that capitalism isn't a system which makes people happy. It's a system which at any cost priorities the success of those already holding wealth, and encourages the mistreatment and exploitation of others for personal gain.
The last one gets me the most because it's the only one I've actually experienced. I loved GTA SA when I was younger but I went back and played it relatively recently and wow it does NOT hold up at all graphics wise. GTA IV though still looks like a fairly modern game.
Loads of my friends watch that stuff and it just perplexes me.
Plus all those government ads encouraging you to wear a seatbelt or stop smoking.
I'm gonna fuck you so full of melanin.
Well this is awkward because I am dating a bisexual mentally ill artist.
Amnesia was a revolution in horror games and was amazing at the time, but it hasn't aged super well. You ever hear about how if you watch Seinfeld for the first time now, it seems kind of weak and full of tired tropes, but that's because it invented them all and was so successful everyone else copied them until it was done to death? It's a bit like that.
The twist about the way he spoke at the end was so damn good. Talk about integrating narrative into mechanics, you couldn't pull the same thing off to that effect in any other medium.
Oh I've played SOMA too and I loved it. I didn't mean to make it sound bad. I think it avoids the pitfalls of the amnesia genre by presenting narrative and mystery first, and horror second. You're already quite far into the game when you reach the first hostile creature, but until then the game engages you in the story and makes you want to find out what's going on.
Well if they peck it too much it'll just snap at them or move. I guess it managed to spend the night there but merit of them all being domesticated animals used to each other, so the chickens were cool with it.
Some damned foolish thing in the Balkans.
I would fucking love if they turned out to both be guys.
Best major FPS in years and it got overshadowed by battlefield, it was a shame. Not that bf1 was that bad, but compared to Titanfall it wasn't exactly good.
Obviously there's people on both sides of it, but most people that played both near release seemed to prefer titanfall. Fast game modes and high action vs regular slow paced realism focused shooting. Titanfall definitely would have done better if it had enough population to sustain it's many game modes, since attrition isn't even my favorite mode, but it's the only one with players most of the time.
Elon musk is such an asshole on Twitter sometimes. Every time I've seen him do something that makes me dislike him, it started on his Twitter.
For a full scale civil war that sounds pretty mild if you don't adjust your image of the size of the US today, so out of curiosity I looked and the 1860 population of the US was around 31 million, which makes that 620,000 figure sound devastating.
So like most patreon supported non vr porn games?
Aw shit it's started. The EA cycle. I've known it would come since they bought respawn but here it is. Watch as EA force down the quality of their work by mismanaging the hell out of them, after they've put out a few huge failures that play to the opposite of their strengths, stuffed full of EA extra monetisation methods, they'll shut down the studio and respawn will be gone forever, joining visceral games and many other fine studios.
Garak may genuinely be the best character in star Trek at all.
Nah they wouldn't commit to anything that permanent. There's plenty of ways to do defeat of one without death, leaving it open for a revenge sequel.
That move was so fucking awesome in the game adaptation of the remake.
Well we do have world peace, relatively speaking. Go back as far as world war 2 and before, as far back as you like, and there was a really big war pretty often. World wars, Napoleon, 7 years war, etc. By comparison since WWII it's been pretty quiet. The wars in the middle East are wars, sure, but they're minor scuffles compared to the all out war between nations the world usually sees, there's not hundreds of thousands dying daily or weekly, and no grand world powers throwing millions of men at each other.
Honestly I think Jim would love this.
I'm not excusing America. America are pretty terrible warmongers, and the main reason there is so much war in the middle East. All I'm saying is that total world peace is an enormous goal that will probably never be totally fulfilled, and we're way closer to it now than in the days of proper state Vs state warfare. Now it's all proxies and state Vs rebellion or terrorist organisations like ISIS.
Maybe it can but there'll always be something. Some extremist religious movement somewhere, some questionable independence struggle, some border disagreement or unresolvable argument over a resource rich region. I hope to see proper world peace in my lifetime, hopefully not too far into it, but it requires every country to accept cooperation as preferable to competition, while also avoiding internal struggle.
Honestly that's a pretty polite way to vandalise it considering. That being said I think it's better to vandalise status that glorify Confederate "heroes" or generals. This monument was dedicated to regular soldiers, so I'm not quite as quick to condemn it.
But your dog has a bigger carbon footprint than a four wheeled drive, and so does your baby maybe you should trade him in for a Prius.
Y'all quaeda is real.
I'm not American, and I don't support them at all, I'm not sure where you're getting the idea that I do. America is the greatest military evil in the world certainly, at least when it comes to external force projection. Major wars are not being fought despite the US, not because of them.
Have they never seen any image of anywhere in Africa that isn't mud hurs and uncontacted tribes? Even looking at modern Egypt, even with stereotyping bias, you could see this isn't true.
It was because in this case Facebook survived largely by being what everyone used already.
Anything to not have to sit beside a stranger on a train. Obviously as a Brit I sympathize but if there's no other seats then you have to put up with it.
Another line to be followed by "every fucking thread" whenever it appears.
Especially if Jeremy Hunt wins the pm seat. The NHS is one of Britain's only true great accomplishments left, we can't lose it at any cost.
Interesting how many people here say they've never felt British. I have for a lot of my life, but Scottish too, I see them as complimentary rather than mutually exclusive. British shouldn't just mean English, and everyone in the UK is British, but that doesn't mean we don't also have identities from our own Nations and regions.
I've read the story, it's bad yeah, it's human depravity and perversion at it's most extreme, which isn't exactly uncommon to see, but still. That being said I think banning the sub wasn't the best move. I've said this for many other banned subs, but the only thing changing how acceptable it is to ban them is that it has more precedent now and reddit obviously wants to set more conservative rules. They can choose whatever rules they want obviously but I don't think this is the best direction for them. The crux of the matter to me is how acceptable it is to have fantasy that doesn't have limits, and to me that's totally acceptable. Yes many people will find stories like the one posted totally distasteful, vile even, but that's fine, it's a story. It's text written on a page and nothing more. Getting a community banned for content like that, which does no harm to anyone, and incites no harm, is simple censorship, which I'm against on principle, regardless of the content.
You know what? This is everyone's fault. Both the car and the bike were driving very poorly. The bike looked like they may have actually been speeding approaching a junction and reacted very slowly to the hazard. The car driver was being an idiot for going halfway and stopping in the middle of a junction.
That's fine though. Maybe not the underage bit, but platforms like twitter, and reddit especially, are designed so that you engage with the parts that interest you and people build communities around that. So of course there are depraved hardcore every kink areas in places like reddit, but it's fine, they're supposed to be allowed and opt in for whoever wants to look for them.
There hasn't been a single american soldier killed "defending america" for decades. The US fights wars of aggression for profit. I sympathise with anyone who got caught up in the propaganda and thought joining the army was a noble cause, but they certainly did not die in defense of the USA.
Thank you for the title! I saw this on /r/funny first and there was nothing in the title describing it. So I was just left wondering why two random people were reacting to a magazine front page.
That sounds like an insane high to get from weed. The most I've ever had was feeling a bit weird, sort of like an alcohol buzz, and laughing easily. That was from edibles, which you have to be careful from, because yes you get higher from them than smoking. Luckily my friend who made the edibles obviously got his dosage a lot better than you.
At least they can hold a bag now, it's so much better than at launch. I think payday 2 is best played with friends, and I'd probably only play with friends instead of public lobbys, but that means I need at least one person to play with, because 2 AI is managable, but I wouldn't want to rely on only having me and the AI to handle anything.
Eh, that's not terrible. $4 a cigarette when you're drunk, and paying for convenience, and they're going to be more when you're under the legal age. Of course spending any money on cigarettes is a dumb move, but in the circumstances you could have done worse.
Unless it's /r/darksouls which just genuinely is filled with amazing sfw fan art and people giving genuine compliments and sharing their love of the game.
Yes and no. It's been "debunked" by people unofficially looking into how these regulations are set and concluding that it doesn't make sense, but it's also been confirmed by Grace and other CA members, so if it is a bullshit story, then it's one they're prepared to stick to anyway.
Because it should just be in the base game, that's why. They're not working for free, we buy the game, earning the company money, which pays their salary. Having a game which is so explicitly about realistic military combat and hundreds of deaths on a battlefield be launched with it looking weirdly sterile and clean makes it feel like something is missing, which it is, rather than more could be added as dlc, which would be the case if blood was in the game at launch with the standard animations, and they later added a dlc to increase the amount of kill animations greatly, for example.
Yeah it's not really an excuse, no shit content makes money to make, but you don't split the game into 200 pieces and sell them off one at a time, so why do they split this piece off and sell it separately?
The mods could have been more clear in the stickied post they made, but if you read the comments too you can tell that by "nsfw posts are banned" they mean posts that are nsfw for sexual content reasons. This is relevant to the total war franchise and it doesn't contain anything making it nsfw for sexual content, so the mods are fine with it per the new rules.
I went into that video against the point it was trying to make but it was actually very well presented and swayed me.
Holy shit that difference between adjusted and unadjusted gross. Also it seems perfect to me that national treasure just barely makes it onto the list.
Yeah I think there's maybe like a dozen movies a year that actually get big enough to grab my attention so I actually know they exist.
Ok I've got to catch up with this game again because I have no idea what that thing is.
They'll still insist their universities are the best in the world though.
I literally watched the entire thing in a day, it's so good. It's a shame it won't be getting more to be honest, but there's no way it will because it's based on source material which they've expended.
Yeah they do have some good universities, but they always seem so sure they're the best without any close competition, which is ridiculous. Even just taking england you can see that that's wrong. Cambridge, Oxford etc.
Oh so she was older.
Sorry... your id? In school?
If there was a way to magically make menstruation last only 2 days I'm sure every woman in the world would know about and use it by now.
Yeah it's amazing how a good book will do that. Certain scenes towards the end of 1984 gave me emotions that strong too.
This is a new one, and a new low. How on earth can you be so unaware of the world?
Are you saying bath salts are worse than pcp? That seems crazy.
I know it's ridiculous, you don't need to remove ribs for that, and he was easily tall and slender enough to manage on his own.
This is cool but if we can throw twice as much money at the problem and get it done in one decade then we should.
Dying light is maybe the only zombie game ever to make regular zombies genuinely scary to me. Not most of the time, but occasionally I'd be fighting one in front of me, and very suddenly hear something in one headphone and turn and see one right in front of me mid attack and get a genuine rush of adrenaline and fear.
Rewatching ds9 right now and the "O Brian must suffer" episodes are amazing. Just got past the one where he thinks he's going on holiday with his wife but gets kidnapped by cardassians, tortured, and sentenced to death for a crime he didn't commit.
I never got through all of enterprise but I really need to at some point. My only complaint was that it felt a bit American centric, which didn't sit well with me since I'd never imagined a specific nation leading the way into that era, and if there was it certainly wouldn't be such a typical 'MURICA environment. They sort of eased up on that quickly enough though.
We had the same problem here in Scotland, people not liking turbines in their views, but people got over it eventually, and they're a fairly common sight now. We have a lot of offshore ones though, the land based ones are less popular.
I'm rewatching it now and the defiant actually appears season 3 episode 1, and sisko even still has his hair at that point, which is sort the reverse growing the beard from TNG. Season 2 has some great stuff though, and season 1, while rough, has a couple of fantastic episodes like Duet.
I'll forgive you for hating Troi, her mother was the worst too, and she even managed to cross over into DS9! That being said she was better in her first ds9 episode than in TNG.
I think it's because the concept really shouldn't have ever been introduced and it had to be forced to somehow mesh with existing lore, but they needed a singular movie villain and that was easiest.
Plus her powers never did anything useful. They always had to find some contrived reason that they didn't work because otherwise they'd just solve it instantly.
97 bullet wounds? No problem!
Plus guns being rare but powerful as hell works really well. If they went full GTA with guns then the amazing fighting system would go to waste, and their rarity in the game world feels like it matches how they're treated narratively.
You might be bisexual but heteroromantic, that's a thing. Or maybe you're closer to heterosexual and it's just that dicks don't bother you but you're not attracted either.
Yeah but he was wide to make up for it.
A special way
Online textbooks for high school? Fancy.
Thank fuck the second car missed though, he would've went right under it.
Ok so whatever was towing it is so long gone it's not in view anymore, yet it's still going in a straight line and at significant speed, which seems weird.
"it's ok I'm only your mother in law"
I like how well that clip demonstrates them making sure the second Island was way more remote and inescapable just in case.
Yeah, I knew this must be an edit instantly because while I don't keep up with that comic, I recognised them and knew they'd never make this. I'd say I wish the assholes who think this stuff would just make their own stuff instead of tarnishing others works, but then we'd have more stonetoss, and that's not much better.
Doesn't seem like a problem to me in this context. Throwing loads of expletives out at once was part of the joke. He could've chosen his words better, if I was writing the joke I probably wouldn't use the n word or faggot, but in context it's not too bad.
I always come back to them and realise I should be playing them way more. I haven't come close to expending the play potential of enter the gungeon or binding of isaac, and they're on my switch, I just forget about them when I have new stuff
Iirc it cuts out after a certain number of 9s, it doesn't go as far as specifying a unit at the end. I like to imagine it's days.
Oh yeah really leveled up you get super during, especially with the end game stuff they added in the following to go past the normal limit. I like that early game weakness though so I always play it on the hardest difficulty.
Rome was multiracial as hell, they controlled so much territory it would've been hard for them not to.
I 100% wouldn't be surprised if they wanted to let a broken bone heal with no professional medical intervention, just using their oils and home remedies.
Wait is mlp that recent? 2010?
Something looks so wrong about them. Like, they're not human enough for them to be anthropomorphised, but they have just enough emotion on them to hit the uncanny valley.
Is it just me that sees an old man face in the clouds behind where the character should be?
Three kingdoms runs way better than most total war games, which puts my suggestion of getting warhammer out the window for you, but since you've mentioned it I will strongly recommend buying shogun 2. It holds up surprisingly well graphically, at least as well as rome 2, maybe better, and it runs enormously better than any other title on the series, to the point where it's weird. I got shogun 2 to run playably on inteld hd graphics 3000 once. It's also one of the most polished and mechanically refined games in the series, so definitely go for it.
Any die hard historical fans who haven't jumped on board to try the warhammer games yet, this is your best chance and I strongly recommend you do give them a go. Buy WH1, it's cheap, it's amazing, and if you ever decide to expand, WH2 is right there. People will tell you WH2 is better and not to bother with 1, they're wrong. It runs a million times better, and it's got a huge open world with literally hundreds of hours of replayabilitiy that's hard to find in the series other titles.
It feels like they thought about that, and tried to make them unique and specialise some away from the battlefield, but they just didn't commit quite strongly enough for it to feel like it matters.
The humble montly that offered WH is how I got into the series as a whole after trying and failing to get napoleon and shogun 2 to click with me for hours. Put 300 hours into WH1 pretty quickly. I'd say 1 is still very much worth it yeah. It's not as much worth it since they've started making changes to the old world races in 2, but the first game still has an enormous amount of very well done content, and I think as a base game it's still bigger than 2 is. As for dlc I'd recommend the packs which expand the rosters of the base game. Those being the grim and the grave, and the king and the warlock. You mentioning cosmetic dlcs makes me think maybe you mistook those as cosmetic, which is easy enough, but they actually contain sizable expansions to base game races and they're cheap right now. As for race packs, none are essential. The beasmen are probably the worst dlc, the roster can be fun but it's not amazing, and the campaign mechanics feel lacking, with them being a horde campaign. Wood elves are a lot of fun, but again their campaign is weird. If you like the look of the roster and the theme, then it's worth picking up, but they're not one of my favourites. The third race pack is chaos, and I'm prepared to tentatively recommend it. They reworked their horde mechanics in a regular update so they work a bit better than they used to, which was a bit of a mess, and the pack is cheaper than the others, so it's the better of the two horde races to play. If you like to mess around with mods, SFO and ultimate chaos are a couple of good overhauls which tip the scales towards making me outright recommend buying Chaos.
Holy shit 90% of fresh water? That was the only one that properly surprised me.
Jumping in on the "they're expensive" debate. Here in the UK I've seen ads for them (grindr) and while they cost a bit of money, I could see how people might want to pay for that option rather than openly going to a sexual health clinic to access a free test.
Depends if you're catholic or not.
Saying this as if the shit he got caught with is actually worse than what trump has done.
Actually I had forgotten that with spacey it was a kid, instead of just normal non consensual stuff, so yeah you're probably right. Trump certianly has a much longer history, and who knows how much stuff there is with him that never saw the light of day, but in terms of single worst offence spacey probably wins. Edit: Looking it up it actually looks like spacey has had a bunch of allegations against him since the big one broke.
More like 10 for every one useful probably.
This is very nearly /r/boomershumor
It's terrible, but I admire the reasoning behind creating it entirely as a fuck you to the craze of faux meat products.
Oh boy I bet those parents are the kind that would be totally cool if that kid later came out as gay, or bet yet trans! /s
I don't really hate them, but I do think there's a certain irony in trying to make fake meat for vegetarians rather than just better vegetarian food and that's what's being made fun of.
I literally just checked the list to make sure FTL was there, I'm happy now.
Because having great ideas requires creativity and a good mind for design on a large scale, while executing them well requires high levels of very technical skills, which is the key aspect likely to be lacking in indie development teams.
The way your comment is worded implies that the first image actually looks better than the second, but it doesn't by a long way. If you'd used super Mario galaxy maybe it would've worked,I remember it looking good.
It's just the one tiger actually.
&gt;self driving shoes This just seems like reinventing the electric wheelchair.
You don't need a father, you need a daddy.
The BBC still has bias towards the conservative party though, and against things like Scottish independence. That's not disagreeing with your point it's just something I wanted to add.
I get where you're coming from, I got to the end of that new black mirror episode with the all black main cast still unsure if the main guy was played by will smith.
I remember when I was still using my crappy laptop for games, dx11 didn't work properly and sr3 only supported that, so I got ridiculous lighting bugs and effects everywhere. Then I tried sr2 and it just crashed without launching every time.
People play the combat in third person mode!?
This is why it's important for staff in situations like this to maintain a certain distance from the content they police. Personal involvement is always a risk.
Yep, skyrim used to be the "wait for it to be £5 on sale" game but they've figured out that they can push it way further since special edition came out. It's £50 on switch full price. £50 for skyrim ffs, it's absurd.
AAA games are, but they sell a lot of games which are naturally lower priced anyway because they're indies. I've got no problem with how much is being charged for dead cells, binding of isaac, enter the gungeon, or darkest dungeon.
It's seperate but it's a remaster, it's slightly different graphics and maybe better performance, and the mods available are different. Nobody is confusing the two, but they're barely seperate. It was remade just because they could as an excuse to raise the price to 4x it's previous cost on sale.
The thing about SE is that at the start it was basically inferior anyway, because no mods were out. Now it's been long enough that it's basically the perfect time to get into it. Every major mod is ported, loads of new ones created, game is better than ever, but it's only going to get better if you wait more and see if it goes on sale more in the future.
I mean at that point you may as well just torrent it, but I think maybe not having a steam version stops mods working.
PC, skyrim without mods isn't skyrim. I mean it is, but so much of the heart of what skyrim is as an experience is coloured by mods now and you're not getting the full game without that option. Plus you get better graphics by a long way, and options to fix the bugs that are still in the switch version despite being in the 2011 release, because why bugfix when doing a remaster right?
It comes with moonlighter, which is worth pointing out, because I bought it for hellblade, but only played moonlighter so far, and it's just fantastic. Enjoying it far more than I expected to.
Darkest dungeon is really great. If you see ancestors edition on sale definitely pick it up (oh look turns out it is now). It took me a while to get into, but I was playing on switch which is a great platform for just having a go at a game for a while, which helped me do it in little chunks without getting frustrated, and eventually it clicked. It's so well designed though, the way the heroes play off each other, the myriad of ways the difficulty can vary, the way RNG plays just a big enough role to not be perfectly predictable, and the slow but steady permenant upgrades to make you more capable next time, it becomes very satisfying.
Yeah I've noticed that's a pretty consistent trend. A higher focus on success and rank correlates strongly with a lack of enjoyment. The only times I get frustrated playing Smash online is when I'm really close to getting elite smash and I can't get those last few victories.
Warframe is one of those games for me that I totally lose interest in for ages, then suddenly sink like 300 hours into, then lose interest in for months again.
Well I had a look because I wasn't sure and it seems like maybe the US just has weird prices more than anything. The binding of isaac complete bundle on steam is the same price as the switch version here in the UK at £25, the switch version containing all the dlc automatically making it an equivalent version. I remember dead cells and into the breach (which I meant to include in the first list) were both £11.99, the same as PC and a pretty good price in a vacuum too. Enter the gungeon I got on 50% off sale on switch and I don't remember the price, but it certainly wasn't ridiculously expensive.
And then sometime around when you're near finishing the game someone points out the ladder you can kick down to create a shortcut. And then months later someone points out the two differnt ways of getting to the top of sens fortress quick after you've done it once but you still ran all the way from undead parish to iron golem every time.
Absolutely, the US has enormous amounts of free land, which we don't have in Scotland, plus literal deserts which will hopefully some day become giant solar farms if it ever becomes viable.
I think that's a cynical view. There's an insane amount of pokemon now, and while you don't have to do any more creative work to put them in a new game, it's not any less technical work. Especially if they're changing art styles or adding animations, which from what I've seen is happening here. Just the assets and coding for that many variations must be an enormous technical undertaking, so it's no wonder they've decided this was the point where they decided to cut back, it had to happen eventually if they were going to keep making up new pokemon.
It's reading comments like that which reminds me I should've paid more attention in my statistics class because I know I should be able to understand that.
Grab Mount and Blade: Warband. It's the best of the series, largely owing to it's sizable collection of mods, and one of my favourite games of all times. The community at /r/mountandblade is amazing, and will answer any questions you have about the game after you start playing. As for the game itself it's huge amounts of fun if it clicks with you, the party building and troop upgrades, combined with real melee combat mechanics and huge army battles is truly unique, and as a sandbox it offers more than most games, while leaving you free to explore and forge your own path. I also recommend picking up With Fire and Sword. It's not essential as there's total conversion mods for warband that do as much, but it's very good and worth supporting.
Mods can make it much further though, it's just taxing because it's java edition.
Yeah minecraft was designed to look like that as an art style, people have just been trying to change it up forever because the low spec look made "how good can we make this look" a more interesting challenge than in most games, and the game is absurdly moddable with a massive community so there were plenty of people to try.
Yeah that's what I meant by "because it's Java", the Java version is a technical mess mess apparently.
Yet another trump quote that makes for wonder why he has so little sense he'd actually say that out loud.
That wasn't a good way to do the "I manage with everyone" angle or catch the journalist out, and there isn't much in trumps history to suggest that's what happened.
Ok I expected that from the person living in the UK but West Africa? What's it like there in terms of adjusting from a US lifestyle?
Yep, and I'm not sure why. Given my love of dark souls, Bloodborne would probably be one of my favourite games of all time, but I'm not spending hundreds is pounds on a console to find out.
Well, for a little while
I've learned not to look at reviews. You're way more likely to enjoy a game if you don't have it's flaws pointed out to you before you play it. Plus mixed reviews might mean a game is only ok, or it might mean 4/10 people don't like it, 6/10 fucking love it.
Looks like a great group. 6 players plus a dm seems crazy to me though
Not quite, but there's a big overlap of many cases where that's true, yes. If we're being proper about it, terrorism only applies to acts of violence, particularly against civilians, in pursuit of political gains. The use of unlawful weapons, such as chemical weapons, by one military against another with the aim of winning a battle or war would constitute a war crime, but not terrorism. There's also the other side, in that a war crime must be an act of war, which doesn't apply to many acts of terrorism.
If it's entirely the slim twink look you're after, then you don't really have to exercise if you don't really want to, you can just lose enough weight through diet and you'll get there. That being said, even a little bit of muscle does a lot to improve your body, I've noticed that when I've had muscle (I've never had much, but a bit) it makes it all a bit firmer and I can get away with a lot more body fat. Without muscle putting on even a pound or two seems to make you chubbier. You don't have to do much though, a bit of weights maybe, some body weight ab exercises, you'll tone up nicely. Just to put as a separate point, you definitely don't need to do any of this if you don't want to, you're gorgeous now.
There's definitely things bad enough that suicide is just the only logical choice. If I suddenly knew I'd never be able to sleep again, I'd probably hang on for 3, maybe 4 days, tie up some loose ends, then get it over with quickly while I still had some shred of sanity and mental capacity.
That was such a devastating explosion too. Watch it in slow motion and you can see how hard everything was propelled. Must be awful to witness that and know there aren't survivors.
Yeah enter the gungeon is largely about just getting better, but I did feel like the unlocks helped.
One thing I noticed was that all of his expressions seemed really extreme, more than it should be for a convincing impression but the deep fake version wasn't, so I'm wondering if he was also compensating for what the software puts out.
Sure, but good photoshop could do the same thing with still images a decade ago, this isn't new, it's just applicable more widely.
I haven't followed the game super closely but I remember people kicking up a fuss about it a while ago. It's the one requiring a silly amount of oxium right? They never fixed that?
I wonder how many of his associates were involved in that area of his life though. I'm sure there's a lot as yet unexposed, but the guy was a billionaire, having rich and powerful friends is a given. People seem to just jump on pics of people with Epstein as if it proves that person is evil or a pedo or whatever. Good chance they simply new each other in a normal fashion or were at the same event.
Honestly that's a lot less than I thought. Given how intense the research has been and how far we seem to have come in the last 10 years, I'd have expected the number to be another 10% higher at least if we're going back as far as 1999.
August 2001! It's possible that milk actually aged better.
Doctor who is fantastic about it's LGBT characters. Even though he's a walking stereotype I can't help but love captain Jack Harkness.
That's even more impressive, damn.
I like this, but I can't tell if the writer is just trolling or unbelievably naive when they say to forward it to your boss.
They could've just used an actual screenshot of a profile called Germany playing hearts of iron 4 too, cut down on the editing.
That got me really confused for a second, despite having read the top comment as well, until my brain kicked in and I remembered that you have .25 coins instead of .20 ones like we have in the UK.
It's super rude though, but I guess it's quick at least
I'm not sure rely would be the right word. Yeah they use them, but I feel like if they couldn't, they'd find or make a way themselves.
It's Roman numerals, not just old clocks, and it actually goes I, II, III, IV, V, so the 4 is correct.
It goes further than that, back in the day, the bible was only available in Latin, which was intentional as a way to control who could read it.
That be how carnivores do.
That can't be an accurate statistic right? 85% is a huge number. A 40 hour work week is the standard but there's loads of part time workers that don't do that much. In the UK I know most people aren't working a full 40 hours, I didn't think things were *that* much worse in the US.
Oh neat, I'm actually a pan guy who calls himself bi for simplicity, we're like neighbours.
The DLCs are so good though. Even in warhammer 1 it was worth it for new units, but the warhammer 2 ones have been insane. Tomb kings add so much value to the game, and vampire coast for many people was even better. Plus think about how huge the overhaul of skaven was in the ikit claw dlc, you could've forgotten about the lizardman side entirely and it'd still be worth paying for. Warhammer fans are paying for and demanding more dlc because CA is making the DLC worth the price, and adding huge amounts of fun and variety with each one.
They're so much more disgusting when they're actually sort of clever.
Ireland really stands out to me here. Worse than Spain and Estonia is not what I'd expect.
Sega doubling down on trying to keep sonic alive? It's a bold strategy.
I thought this was funny the first time I saw it, when I was about 14. It's kind of tainted with the knowledge that Graham lineham the creator is extremely transphobic though, meaning that this episode really has no irony, it really is just straight up "he fell for a trans girl and didn't realise, oh the horror, cue laugh track". If it was written in a way as to make the characters alarm at finding out she's trans the joke, as in laughing at him, it might be salvegable, but it's not, although he's presented as a comical idiot, we're still supposed to be on his side and be laughing at the situation, at the concept of treating a trans woman like any other woman and being capable of romantic attraction to her. Mildly put, nothing about that is funny.
It's been early access for a looooong time. I remember finding it in my library and thinking how it must have come on so much in the literally years since I played it. Looked up how it had changed and found dozens of people saying it hadn't changed at all in 3 years of "development" and wasn't worth it unless you were happy playing it half finished. That was a while ago though, maybe they finally stepped up.
If you get into team battles involving skaven WH2 might actually be one of the few games that becomes a valid excuse, at least for me. It's fine though, I just longingly stare at my pcpartpicker build page every now and again.
It might not be another vote towards the Democrats, but I'll take one less vote for the Republicans as half as good.
Yeah I'm familiar with it. It's a side effect of it being a job that basically nobody gets turned down for. There were decent people in the factory, and most of them were just raised poorly I think, but it seemed that everyone loved drama, created conflict for entertainment. Also a shocking number of them had kids and/or were divorced in their early 20s.
I think if wood elves were a core race they already would have, because they definitely needed it more than the vampire counts, but CA seems hesitant to put too much resources into portions of the game that not all players can even access.
I actually loved the main plot in 3. I think I laughed literally every time Mario was on screen, that character was great, and they actually hired real voice actors, instead of the mess that 2 was.
Yeah I'd usually turn down medicine rewards, since they're really temporary lasting, but they're usually 10 or something. 100 glitterworld medicine is pretty amazing.
WTF, I expected that to be a story of how you managed to pull a crazy win using imrik being broken. If the AI is capable of using him to that effect he must be truly scary.
Is having one stat be a 9 considered bad? My paladin has a wisdom of 6...
Anyone else think maybe more should've been done to stop the kid doing that? Rabbit bites can be nasty iirc, and a 7 year olds finger could be badly or permanently damaged.
"This is getting out of hand, now there are two of them!"
Looks like someone is going through their teenage edgy atheist phase.
Rabbits have big teeth and pretty good bite force. 7 year old fingers are small. It could probably take the tip off one.
This is definitely not the lowest settings though, this is going beyond that and modifying files or something.
Anyone else really strongly hear Robin Williams in this? Makes me wonder if he took a lot of inspiration from Chaplin when it came to mannerisms and style.
What the fuck was going on in the early 90s though.
Still a lot more closely attached to Boris' England though.
This is amazing news. Yes, it's only one local area, and in that respect it's not enough, but it's genuine change in the system in terms of policy towards meeting the goal of current protests, and that's great to see.
That's riot control 101, and you'll learn it as an example in basic psychology courses. People in groups follow each other quite blindly, going with the flow without applying normal rationale, because they're acting under group mentality. In these circumstances shutting down the actions of one or several obvious ringleaders has the effect of taking that momentum and guidance away from the group as a whole, and it often then loses cohesion very easily. In other words, when trying to control very large groups, small specific actions can be more effective than large scale crowd control, and are much less resource intensive.
That jump looks genuinely nauseating in VR
I see people weren't joking about modification research being crazy at high tier. That's an insane amount of rp to not even complete the engine modification.
Thanks I hate vorefield.
This also basically completely explains the mess the UK is in now.
Other than the labelling already mentioned, generally speaking the pcie 8 pin is configured as a 6+2 cable, while the CPU power is 4+4.
It was in the atlantic, but it was right off the coast iirc, or not very far at least.
Nah, trashy women get plenty too, not just trashy gay guys.
I literally just upgraded from my 290 a 5600xt, and honestly I considered not even bothering with a GPU upgrade because the problem with my system was so much just a really bad cpu. For such old cards, they still pull their weight insanely well.
This is so dumb and carries no weight, but damn footage of trump walking to sad music is hilarious.
That would be so unlikely and devastatingly harmful that I would only believe it in 2020.
It really seems like we (UK) should be beating Russia by more than that.
I wouldn't assume anything bad about them but am I the only one that thinks they look ominous as hell? I think it's the all black clothing and sunglasses.
As far as I know the 3600 is still better than the 3300x, but it is more expensive, and it's unlikely for your experience to be held back by cpu in gaming with either. I've just started gaming on a new build with a 3600 and 5600xt, playing at 1080p, and it runs flawlessly, but the 3600 in most games is barely being utilised, it's all GPU that's being stressed, so stepping down to the 3300x is probably fine if you have similar goals.
There's actually quite a lot to consider when it comes to RAM compatability, and it can be quite finnicky especially if you're planning on adding more RAM to an existing system, rather than buying all new RAM. I haven't seen RAM say that it's compabible only with threadripper (TRX40) before, but it should be very easy to find equivalent versions that support your current setup if that is the case. All you need to look out for really is that it's DDR4 (which almost all RAM available now will be), that it supports the speed you're looking for, and ideally that it has a low CAS frequency, although this isn't as important. If you're installing more than 2 sticks then you'll also want to make sure that it will fit under your CPU cooler, assuming you're using an air cooler.
Temps are fine yes, and my monitor doesn't support freesync. I already tried every vysnc configuration possible (in game, in radeon settings, regular vs enhanced sync), since I suspected that was the cause early on.
Rednecks protesting the shutdown were actually being idiots though, and they didn't have a good reason to be there. The BLM protests are justified even with Covid, because they're important.
He's wrong anyway. Ryzen is currently matching or better than Intel at every price point, and it's especially noticeable in the low-mid range. To answer your original question, the 3700x is not worth the extra money compared to the 3600. You get a marginal performance difference in games for a massive price increase, go for the 3600. I do recommend putting a little more than $95 into your mobo though.
I'm not 100% certain, but from my knowledge iphones tend to be a lot more locked down in terms of letting users access the system properly, so I very much doubt it's possible. You're likely to end up in a weird situation anyway here. If you confront him and you're wrong though, you can probably laugh it off, but if you confront him and you're right, it's better that you know in my opinion, and you finding out but just leaving it with him thinking he got off with it wouldn't be much of a solution anyway.
It obviously depends on what you're trying to do with it, but it's crazy how much more value you can get out of choosing the right GPU. I just built a new PC a few weeks ago, and I honestly considered just using the same GPU as the old one for a while. It was an r9 290, and despite it's age, it still pulled its weight incredibly well, my system just had a really bad cpu.
His current Mobo might actually be fine, despite definitely not being the best pick for a new build right now. It would actually support a 3600 though, and that opens the door for any kind of further upgrade after that.
Just wanted to add another top level comment to say that /u/Liambp's comment is very good advice, and I think you should follow it.
I was actually really surprised recently when I rewatched part 1 and Jonathan actually does have a birthmark. It's visible in a couple of scenes. I guess I never thought they actually planned that far ahead.
While that might be right, I wouldn't neccesarily recommend overclocking extensively to someone who doesn't really know much about CPUs, and given the way that OP has worded their post, I think their knowledge level is probably fairly basic.
&gt; If you took the AMD equivalent of an Intel CPU, you would lose a few frames, but save a good amount of money That... doesn't mean AMD is behind though. The equivalent CPU is the one at the comparative price point. If there's a significant price difference, then it's more relevant to compare that intel cpu to a higher end AMD cpu that actually matches the price.
While I agree that intels offerings are clearly superior in battlefield 5 based on this, I find it interesting how much it shows how cpu is just not the limiting factor 99% of the time when it comes to fps. The 3600 and the 3900 are almost neck and neck there. Current best price for the 3600 on PCpartpicker is £147, which is pretty typical, and the price for the 3900 is £367, £220 more! The weakest intel cpu that actually beats the 3600 is also £388! That's an expensive 8 fps. The 10900k is even over £500, which is completely absurd given it's performance here.
Not as a hard and fast rule. As systems with more cores have become more popular game development has adjusted, and more games now work well with more cores.
That is quite true, the fps gain going from a 3600 to a 3900x isn't much, but just on principle I feel that when comparing products and calling them equivalents or competitors there needs to be a reason that makes them appropriate choices for comparison, and that should be either "these two perform roughly the same, let's compare price" or "these two cost roughly the same, let's compare performance". It just doesn't make sense at all to say that two should be compared as equivalents when both price and performance are different. Of course in the current situation where in gaming much of the ryzen lineup performs similarly, that means that benchmarks need to include lots of products, or they'll end up suggesting that you need a 3900x to have the same fps as whatever the intel fps equivalent is, when a 3600 would get nearly the same at half the cost.
No it is weird. It wouldn't be weird to me, but I'm used to a lot of kinks, it's still weird to most people.
I've never really been one to spend much on f2p games, I think I've spent a bit on premium in the past, and I thought I'd have a look since I've been playing more recently. Nope. That shit is completely absurd. I can now get one or two vehicles 50% off, now only as much or more than I'd usually spend on an entire brand new game. This game is not short on content, the premium shit isn't that special, a premium vehicle pack should be like £10 full price.
I agree. At this point we still don't know how it's gonna end either. This will at best be the time that America almost sank completely into fascism.
If you call £240 low price.
I didn't even realise it was 4 rather than 3 until I looked at the kill feed. Good job to that enemy though, taking out 3 people is well worth a death.
Oglaf is fantastic and I never mind seeing it posted.
"Only $60, fucking cheapskate" -Gaijin, while deciding pricing for premium time and vehicles.
The difference between SATA and NVMe isn't huge compared to HDD and SATA, but damn if I don't absolutely love that tiny, cable free form factor. And if you're going m.2 then you might as well go for NVMe, it's not much more.
That shouldn't cause stuttering though, as long as it's staying above 60. Screen tearing yes, but not stutters.
Yeah I think gameplay wise it's fine, I just mean it's hilarious to imagine them wobbling around with 2 artificial legs of such vastly differing quality.
Conspiracy theorists are so frustrating, because people really should question what they hear from the government and the media just... not like that. In a way they're so close though.
Yes, death count is important, but spiking infection numbers likely indicate that a large rise in deaths will occur soon.
You guys really need to get better at electing good candidates. I can't speak though, I live in the UK. Well I sort of can, I live in Scotland, and Nicola Sturgeon is possibly the best political figure in the world right now.
That shouldn't be a surprise though. It's bundled with the CPU, meaning they designed it to be adequate for that CPU. Overclocking throws that out the window, especially if you're really pushing it, since it does significantly increase temperatures.
You'd definitely be better off in basically any other majority english speaking country, and most western non english speaking ones too.
From a scientific perspective, so is mold, or algae. It doesn't mean it has to be protected, or that it's the same as an actual conscious, sentient animal. Life isn't special by default.
