That looks like a typical case of scapegoating from the Fascism rulebook: &gt; "3. Identification of Enemies/Scapegoats as a Unifying Cause - The people are rallied into a unifying patriotic frenzy over the need to eliminate a perceived common threat or foe: racial , ethnic or religious minorities; liberals; communists; socialists, terrorists, etc.
Yes he looks like he's 73 and she looks like she's slightly enhanced at 48.
From: 86th street in Bay Ridge To: 23rd Street in Manhattan Ideal commute: R @ 86 N @ 59 R or W @ 14/Union Sq Fastest time: 47 minutes Average time: about an hour Yesterday: Left home at 7:05 got to the office at 8:37 On the way back, I know that I have to leave before 5pm if I want a commute shorter than an hour and 15 minutes. That's when I go and come back without dropping my kids off at daycare. Their daycare is at 9th street &amp; 4th ave in BK. In the evening, it's pretty common that I get to that station and see 10+ minutes wait for the next train with evidence that there hasn't been a train in the last 7-8 minutes (packed station). Moving to TX in a week. Commute is in my top 3 reasons for the move.
Everybody in this thread hates you right now ;)
Austin. I know the traffic isn't great there either but We found a place that's pretty central to what we need to do and that should help.
UWS is great. It's not very wide some there's always an option between 1, 2, 3 and B, C. Tons of places to eat: La Mirabelle was one of my favorite spots. Close to Central Park and Riverside Park if you like walking or running. And, most importantly, Levain Bakery.
It depends where you're moving. If you're facing an avenue or a major street like 72, 79, 86, 96, it's going to be noisy.
Didn't he get settlement money from E Corp when his dad died? + His job is likely netting $200k+/y with his skills. Other than rent we don't really see him spend much money on anything be computer hardware, which, living in Chinatown, he may get for a good price.
Except when it's about marijuana. Then we need more government putting their noses in states rights.
Excellent choice. And affordable!
I was about to comment that thinking was probably an issue toward the end...
Didn't get 1 epic. Greens and a few blues like you.
Someone listens to Every Little Things!
I agree. They made sure to reinvent themselves for each album so they appeal to different crowd at different steps of their career. I definitely resonated more to Homework than any of their other work.
Do they do chunks or only splits?
Plug the speaker to your router with an ethernet cable to detect it and then set your wifi network again.
Given the amount of talent on screen it is pretty abysmal... But it was definitely a fun bad film.
No way I'll be up at 2am :( And with a limit of 5 per customer, it's unlikely they'll still ahve some at 5am. le sigh
Possibly. It worked fine after rebooting and it even had registered the few hours that were missing.
Took me completely by surprise and it was like Christmas in June. I cannot be more stoked about 3rd party maps coming to Carplay
You mean like "What happened to the Hurricane in the end"?
I've had my CR-V with CarPlay since January and it's the best car on earth... except for Apple Map
I expect all these questions to be answered in the episode.
Yes! 2 kids. Had sleep regression for 1 night each. No one came to entertain them so they went back to sleep.
You know at 23 months you can say “almost 2 years”
I use apple maps exclusively and often either miss an exit because the map didn’t indicate it properly or take a back entrance to a parking lot. Or the complex we’re building in that’s fully mapped on Google Maps and doesn’t exist on Apple Maps...
Because Apple Maps is the only option on CarPlay? Thus, this thread...
Slightly under 8.1 but I'm still looking for the optimal shift pattern.
Strong episode. It's nice to have the 3 of them without any guest. Chicagoans are nerds.
Butcher paper could help somewhat. I do like foil because it retains that delicious jus that yo can put back in the pulled pork.
Wall of text... Please use the return key.
I love this flick. That the only pure John Woo movie made in America.
Given the amount of documents trump rips on a daily basis, that's going to cost the WH a bundle.
You can get a fully renovated mustang for a quarter of that...
Error 30 on 3 out of 4 Sonos One Then Error 30 on 1 out 4 Sonos One Then the update went through.
They've updated their FAQ to say that they don't support iOS 12. I validated my ticket manually with the support team. I may just go to places with e\-ticketing until they update the app.
Super hero landing!
Whoever is president after this administration is going to have a hell of a job to rebuild the US image in the rest of the world...
I did nazi this coming.
I watch the movie once a year. It’s become a bittersweet experience Obligatory quote. Are you police? No ma’am, we’re musicians.
Shit. What? Rollers... No. Yeah. Shit.
I’ve seen bubble waffle cones in a few places in NYC.
What bourbon. I’ll provably need it to finish this flick.
Of course it came from Nazi Nosferatu...
The dialogues in this movie are fucking hilarious. God, I love this movie. It's the only one I've seen conservatively 40 time +.
Want anything to drink with that? No Ma'am. A Coke.
Where do you see him? I never noticed.
You could have just said that your uncle is Blue Lou Marini, you humble bragger ;)
It actually took a lot more effort than you’d expect. The moral scale of our politicians is all whack.
You’re right. These are internment camps. Just one step under concentration camps. The fact that you are trying to make that point doesn’t mean you’re wrong. It means you’re an asshole.
All mouth. No action as usual. For me these guys are the worst because they have nothing to lose and yet don’t do anything.
Green Lantern Deadpool?
Make sure to use the amazon smile link so you can have a part of your purchase go to a charity of your choice! [https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B07DNM6GBC](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B07DNM6GBC)
He is going full nazi. Never go full nazi.
&gt;How long before the propaganda videos of children thriving at these camps are released? I'm surprised there aren't any yet.
ICE Director received a D- in his history class.
Why did she need a jacket? It’s 100 degrees out here.
Remember when Michelle Obama wore [no sleeves](https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/story?id=6986019&amp;page=1)? Pepperidge farm remembers.
Someone who stays in shape? Gotta be a man! Look at these arms! We still see that on the interwebs from time to time.
I hope the cooks smeared shit on his quesadilla...
It looks like it, doesn't it...
That tourist trap that also happens to have pops? I used to work by it.
Yea he lost me at the backward glasses....
Mini review from last night: First I need to point out that I was born and raised Pink Floyd fan. I managed to see them twice live, the first time in 1989 and then, again, in 1994. And even if it was the Waters-less line up, these were some of the best live shows I've experienced. My worry with Brit Floyd was that it would be a little gimmicky, parodying the band. Boy, was I wrong! It looked like a PF show, sounded like a PF show and felt like a PF show throughout. At some points, my brain had a hard time understanding how the guys on stage were not the original band. What I didn't care as much for: \- The 2nd set play list. Each song in the 1st set made me tear up. It was almost overwhelming. The second set had more tunes from Momentary lapse of reason, division bell and the final cut. All back to back, it felt like it was a lower point in the night. I could see it in the other members of the audience as well. \- I was hoping they'd play through DSOTM for its 45th anniversary. They didn't. What I liked: \- 2 guitar players for the solos. Showing that Gilmour is that fantastic of a guitarist. They were awesome though. \- The lights, lasers and visuals true to a real PF concert. \- The audience of old geezers in awe. \- The execution, which was flawless What I loved: \- They played One of These Days closer to the album version than PF played in the last concerts I saw. \- The singer in Great Gig in the Sky. When I saw PF live, they had to use 3 singers to get through that song. Brit Floyd used one and she was amazingly close to the album version, it was eerie. In conclusion, this may have been the best PF concert I've been to and they will get my money every time they come around Austin, TX.
Did you collect the other prizes?
Yes same here.
Pigs. You don't want to miss that one :D
Dr Strange seems to be polluting a whole lot? May be time to have an all electric version?
His base knows it and DOESN’T GIVE A SHIT!
OC or repost, I don’t care. This was great! Enjoy your cake day!
Yeah... if he could ask Texans to vote Democrat in the senatorial election because the republican candidate has no spine, that would be great...
Ai have actually never seen this movie. Time to plug that hole.
No disrespect but he should be on antidiotics
lol wait until your mortgage gets sold over and over again. We closed 2 months ago and it's been sold twice already.
Most informative video I watched today!
Did the varnish also add 15 lbs?
I just think that companies buying each other's loans is shady...
I see. It looks like 1 was the servicing and the other one was a purchase. Thanks for the explanation!
Must be putting quite the strain on the network, for sure.
A VPN is more like coming into a condom and have the condom maker collect it and do god knows what with your sperm.
"Thank you for your honest and detailed review! We are very much happy to know that our app is so useful to you! Thank you very much for using it and for sharing your feedback with us!"
Knowing that all your traffic goes through the VPN, they know just about everything you do online. Ideally they won't sell that data to advertisers to better target you but, realistically, they do.
If you want to go that route, technically you know whom you want to have sex with but, somehow, you end up fucking some random dude while they're fucking the person you intended to have sex with. Then, the random dude still collects your sperm and sell it to random entities.
I respectfully disagree. Your intended target is the site you’re trying to get to anonymously. To do so, you don’t wear a mask, you go through a middleman that will pretend to be you while recording everything you are trying to do on that site.
I am yet to find one.
That's why I only use bacon fat.
/r/totallyexpected
That'll be $15, sir. - NYC deli owner.
I'd rather watch a Thor/Valkyrie buddy cop movie...
I’m in central Texas as well. Can I drop by for leftovers?
Do you want chicken of the sea? Because that's how you get chicken of the sea.
The bots are not fake. They're actually very real. The users they impersonate are fake though.
Mickey Mouse is the new Deadpool.
That's a very nice note!
I’m 19k and a founder. I received an email last week saying my turn will come “in the next few weeks”. I’m actually surprised how popular this is. I signed up a couple of hours after they sent the email blast.
It's a bit, right? Why was the camera on him to start with? Why is he scratching his head with silverware? Why is there only 1 hors-d'oeuvre falling?
La gauche c'était Hollande, et c'est pour ça que le choix était le petit riche v. hitlerine.
Le problème, pour moi, c'est que les français, en général, veulent tout pour rien. "On veut être payé 10,000€/mois en travaillant 15 heures par semaine" "On veut l'éducation, les soins médicaux et les transports en commun gratuits mais sans payer de taxes" "On veut des aides sociales , mais le voisin ne devrait pas en avoir parce qu'il est d'une couleur différente" C'est pour ça que je me suis cassé, il y a presque 20 ans et d'après ce que je vois, la situation n'a pas vraiment évoluée.
Update: I actually received my invite today...
Beaucoup d'expats ont le mal du pays...
French city cop. Only slightly smarter than Paul Blart and likely as competent.
I like it! But I'm old and easily amused.
Yea that prism missed its purpose. However the animation on Wikipedia is really reminding me of something. Can’t put my finger on it...
This was one of the top 3 episodes of Heavyweight for me. Everything was perfect. And please make sure to listen after the credits. I haven't laugh this much in a long time.
And yet with truly funny bits like the one about Jorge Just, whom, I had no idea, has been a close friend to Alex and Jonathan for at least 16 years.
Well the Cuban refugees are likely next so good luck to your co-worker!
Thanks for reminding how fucking fantastic Blue Man Group is. I had not watched this video in a long time and now I'm going down a BMG rabbit hole.
Lot to answer here: They’re an off-broadway performance group (off Broadway means they play in a smaller theater). Their shtick is that they don’t talk. They’re aliens who are discovering human nature. They have a voiceover and a live band and do a lot of percussion related numbers as well as paint related ones. It’s a mix of humor and rock n roll. Most of their tunes are originals. If you sit on the first couple of rows you’re pretty much sure you’ll be splattered with liquid. They have 2 residencies, NYC and Vegas. I think they also have a touring group but I’m not entirely sure. I was lucky enough to be picked in the crowd for one of their bits a few years ago (which was awesome) edit: I forgot to point out that they make music with some instruments they built themselves.
I just finished dinner and now I’m salivating....
72 during the day as I work from home and 65 at night downstairs. Upstairs is 70 when the kids are awake and getting ready for school or playing. 65 the rest of the day/night.
Are you implying that our Master and Liberator will not come out victorious? What kind of unbeliever are you?!?
But is it this year's today's date?
Nope the nazi from the Raiders
Never ever friend anyone from work on any social media.
Which one did you get? This is actually a combination of 3 of them. I can’t wait to try the infuser and the smoke apparatus. I do a lot of bbq so I have different woods to try. As for the decanter set, it really looks beautiful and classy.
You trap the smoke in the jar and put the liquid you want to infuse with smoke in it. Give it a couple of swirls, let it rest a few minutes and voila. The Oscar Wilde bar in NYC makes a killer burnt cinnamon old fashioned with this.
I’m hoping to send my 2 kids to college with mine.
He’ll probably get a scholarship then.
Finally got the T-bone to my ham...
I remember really liking this movie but I haven't seen it in a while. Box Office . Budget:$68,000,000 (estimated) . Opening Weekend USA: $25,015,518, 16 December 2001, Wide Release. Gross USA:$100,614,858, 28 April 2002 . Cumulative Worldwide Gross: $203,388,341, 28 January 2013 That sounds like a winner for HDTGM.
But will it make my cold beverage warm up faster? If so, I’m going straight to the bank and ask them 20c in pennies.
You used the crown maple syrup? I’m about to use it to make this drink.
/r/lostredditors?
Yeah could Twitter being tampering with his followers because they're bots?
Will totally be making this for xmas... Now I have to go buy some sherry.
And it should be rear facing! Upvoted anyway because HEB.
I completely agree. I forgot how fun and heart wrenching their end of the year episodes can be. They are true masters of their craft.
Looks beautiful. I'm planning on making one after xmas.
Fuck. That. So. Much.
Some people are the people I wish I could be in the situations they were exposed to.
Si la cocotte est froide, ça ne devrait pas être un problème. Comment tu penses qu’on fait les frites?
I wish they had let Paul explain his version of the story.
Too loud for me.
As far as I remember that’s what mine said as well. Would buy again.
😢
Pour la rouille, un peu d’huile devrait faire l’affaire.
Une pour maintenant et une pour la réincarnation.
I just finished mine. I’m going to reserve my opinion until it’s done resting for a couple days.
She has way too much common sense. She’ll never make it in politics.
Best. Maple. Syrup. Ever!!!!!!!!!
It may be seasonal so hurry.
What flavors should I expect out of the mixer. I just want to make sure I didn’t do something wrong.
So I just did a taste test after 6 hours in the fridge. I’m getting a lot of nuttiness. Like walking in the wood on a slightly foggy fall day. I’m not getting any booziness from the tequila though. It does taste much better after a few hours in the fridge.
The doctor probably said: “Look you can see the top of the head” Got me once. Didn’t get me for our second kid. But to be frank what got me wasn’t the sight as much as the smell. Edit: spelling
I’ve heard the same thing since the last SB we won: “Look at the stats, Eli is having his best year. “ and yet, we don’t make it to the playoffs, we get shutout as if we were the Jags.
Thank you for pointing it out. Drove me bonkers.
Caturkey vultures.
With all the hairspray he put on it, it should catch fire quickly.
Never ask anyone when they’re going to have a baby. Their family is already bugging them enough with that shit.
I’m glad I’m Not the only one really bothered by this.
“Where did my money go?”
What porn ads? Plz pm!
Update after 2 days and bringing it to my in-laws: I know why you make a gallon at a time. It’s a big success. Thanks for answering my dumb questions.
And yet, there are still another million of them at my local Target.
Still an outstanding movie to this day. There is literally no reason to ask hot it got made.
Made duck on a traeger tonight. It was delicious.
I wonder if he ducks the hello kitty as well.
Not to shit on the good action but other than the people in line, everyone else already paid for their food.
I made one as well but didn’t have the time to decorate it. What did you use for the leaves?
At the same time, 46 isn’t old. :D
Second Cocktail Codex I see today. I wonder what f I should get one as well.
This cannot be comfortable.
What year is it?
I hope and wish that Eli retires as a Giant. He is one of the greatest QBs, even if I think, like you do, that his prime is behind him.
Sauf que les Intouchables ont fait $13M aux États Unis. Et qu’il a été nominé pour une Golden Globe et un BAFTA. Et le remake est une telle daube qu’il est sorti il y a un an et que personne n’en a entendu parler malgré un casting de superstars.
An epic battle happened on these hallow grounds and OP witnessed its remnants. Edit: typo.
Especially since they’ve lost $300B after reaching their 1st trillion.
Se toute façon il n’y a plus que des remakes. Les studios sont trop frileux pour accepter des idées originales. c’est bien dommage.
Nominé: https://www.larousse.fr/dictionnaires/francais/nominer/54826?q=nomin%C3%A9#54452
That’s what I thought too and my phone auto corrected it. It must have been on French keyboard.
Almost went with the flame boss. BBQ Guru had a great promo on the cyberQ + I had an extra 10% off from a reddit ad.
The 1st 2 of these were cute.
That's also my goal/ I was going to make a brisket overnight but it looks like the weather in central TX isn't going to cooperate so I'll have to wait until tomorrow.
They also call it the Groucho.
Only if you’re a Red Hot Chili Pepper.
You need to set up one of the speakers with the Ethernet cable. Then the others should fall in line. I had to do that after I moved and then after I bought an orbi.
You can’t make me watch it again!
Then you’ll need to plug this one to the orbi through Ethernet until it’s recognized. Then you should be fine.
It’s always more re fun to see Darwin Award contestant stabbing their balls.
Doctors say water may be wet.
Why 2:1 instead of 1:1 like regular simple syrup? I was about to make Demerara syrup.
Did you put a little vodka to keep it longer?
Still haven’t been there. Definitely on my list.
Hot topic is packed with Nirvana shirts... While it makes the old geezer in me cringe, it also allows me to buy shirts of a band I love.
I am quite sensitive and bourbon is my go-to. Enjoy!
She didn’t come from an aristocratic family but from the haute bourgeoisie. Her mother wanted her to marry an aristocrat so they would reach that status which, even if aristocracy was over since the revolution (even with the resurgence under Louis Philippe and the empire), it was still a sign of status to carry the “de” in you name. Lawyers, at the time, didn’t have the status and salary they have now.
Ideally it would be in 2 words like Guy De Maupassant or Honoré de Balzac. But a lot of nobles made it one world after the revolution.
I went with the Ego after reading countless reviews and searching on Reddit: https://www.homedepot.com/p/EGO-21-in-56-Volt-Lithium-ion-Cordless-Battery-Walk-Behind-Push-Mower-5-0-Ah-Battery-Charger-Included-LM2101/206515766 I bought it in November so I got to use it only once so far but I really like it. And, folded, it takes only a small place in my garage.
Thank you Saquon for making this season bearable.
For the trimmer I went with the ryobi that allows diverse attachments.
What. The. Fuck.
Bonne année!!!
Am I the only one bothered by the messy cables?
That comb has been repaired with ramen so many times that it is now 100% ramen.
So I don’t get it. Whose fetish is it? The boyfriend who gets off from hearing his girlfriend saying it hurts (which is weird and kind of gross) or the daughter who gets off saying it hurts? (Which is weirder and kind of gross).
The Dutch are kinky as hell. Source: I don’t know any Dutchmen.
Where do you find your hibiscus flowers?
That’s a good quest to go on next week.
At first I thought I was looking at a waterfall.
Imagine the kid writing it properly the first time to be told by her mom that it’s incorrect.
Franchement, je trouve que l'altercation ne s'est pas trop mal passée. Essaye d'aller engueuler un jeune en scooter dans le sud de la France et tu verras la difference.
This urchin never saw it coming.
Looks like a homemade moss bath mat.
1.5oz habanero infused tequila blanco. 1oz triple sec. 1oz lime juice. .5oz butterfly pea flower infused tequila blanco. Shake the first 3 ingredients over ice and strain into a glass. Float the butterfly pea flower tequila. Yes, you do have to give it a quick stir before drinking it.
Now y'all find this cute, but when I do that to a new co-worker, HR is all up my ass...
Sorry bro, looks like you took a wrong turn. Take a sharp right and another sharp right and you’ll reach /r/The_D
You hate babies by preventing them from being born. Which reminds me the billboard I saw last weekend on the roads of Central Texas that said “I started feeling pain as soon as my heart started beating”. The biological inaccuracy is staggering.
Or a green sharpie.
I hope she just passed out until they were done
I hope you're right because this did not capture my interest one bit. Especially the blaster fight on the moon.
"...to himself"?
Happened a few too many times to me. I even recognized the hair kiss.
Just like any animal in Australia. I’m looking at you koalas!
This is going to change the game for the PS4 remote play app.
I agree. Stir, drop the ice ball and smoke.
Finally decided to watch it yesterday (mostly because I wasn't sure I'd be able to handle it in 1 sitting). There was a lot in this movie that I really like but it was fucking out of there. And then it took a left turn and another one... I can't wait for Saturday. My wife thought it was shit.
Not if you drop the ice ball before smoking.
Like my wife told me. The concept was good but the execution was terrible. There is a ton of material for the gang to make a show out of it. I have a secret hope that Matthew McConaughey will be the guest.
The temp is in the 90s and I like my drink cold.
I definitely recommend simple sugar and tequila infusions. I’m sure you can’t go wrong with vodka either.
Oh boy! That was the next level of woosh. As some people in the sub can be a little snotty, I didn’t get the joke at all.
Frankenstein reboot by Jordan Peele.
1-1 water to sugar. I added a bunch of dry flowers and let it simmer about 10 minutes after the sugar was fully dissolved.
I infused it myself. I use the Alkemista (https://ethanashe.com/collections/alkemista), which makes it super easy to do infusions. This one was super fast, no more than 90 minutes. Put dry flowers in the filter, add tequila and let it do its magic. I shook it 3 times to make sure that it was mixing well.
I may try to do some hibiscus bitters now...
This is a line I hope to hear tomorrow.
I’m just trying to stay at my neighbor’s level. He’s got a green thumb but he shares his tip so that’s nice. Can I call you out on your edging? That would be uber domination with clean edges.
A play on the Pink Lady with Hibiscus simple syrup instead of grenadine. 1.5oz gin. .5oz apple brandy. .75oz lemon juice. .75oz honey syrup. .25oz hibiscus infused simple syrup. 1 egg white. Dry shake then shake with ice. Strain in a rock glass with a big ass ice cube. Garnish with cherries. I must confess that I was done drinking it by the time I finished typing this.
Dinner is served!
She touched his hand.
Was she upset?
This guy has a fly problem.
They couldn’t find a Ukrainian model to brush her teeth with this to demonstrate.
Thanks!
Yes. It’s like when some dumbass post shit from Nickelodeon.
Added you. I really want to knock w how the Violette and Lychee work together. Also how do you clarify your lemon juice?
I’m waiting for the t-shirt. This was one of their best shows. My wife, who’s usually not into them was dying.
‘80s band? Coke.
You can hear the 30 year gap in his voice. It’s still beautiful. But there’s no way he can reach that high anymore. Just like Elton John or Robert Plant.
The video is unavailable in the US.......
As long as you don’t run across purists who think that only the original recipe is the proper one...
This truly broke my heart. It should be a non issue. Just like providing healthcare to vets.
Malibu is my kryptonite
Don’t get me started on the Manhattan.
The coconut is what gets me.
Username checks out. ;)
I don’t think his testimony could have been ignored. It was perfectly crafted to get everyone’s attention, mostly by genuine outrage and emotion. I’m glad he had the balls to yell at the committee. They fully deserve it.
I started tearing up as soon as they introduced the story. I can't imagine what the dad is still going through.
SHS by so far. But her leaving means that even the worst people have a quota of like Ed and bullshit to spend.
The password was password.
Is he chef in the current White House?
He just has to stare at the cream and it whips itself.
Might as well have salt lick at the Austin airport.
This 1,000,000 times plus 1
Miller’s smokehouse in Belton right out of the I-35. Louie Mueller in Taylor, a little bit of a detour but the beef ribs will be the best you ever have. Any joint on this map: https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=1ovrqzZDYCNNnB-1lEaAaE71xIRs&amp;ll=31.11279924558169%2C-100.75651012327398&amp;z=7
Miller is in Belton. I recommend it. We seem to have similar taste but I never heard of Kerlin’s or Valentina’s. Tell me more!
You should try admin, or love. Mine is bigdick because no one, including my wife would be able to guess it.
We went a follow up meeting pic!!!
Are you my wife?
Great.. it’s 10:30pm and I’m hungry... if I don’t check them out tomorrow I’ll make some time next week. Oh and, of course, it’s right by Round Rock Donuts....
The location in Llano has goat as well.
And for ever, these girls will be able to say “Meh, I’ve seen bigger”
Is it a black diamond crape myrtle in the middle? The 2 I planted last November look nowhere ready to bloom :(
I don’t go often enough to be able to tell that they have it all the time but I’ve seen goat quite a few times. We tend to go on Saturday when they open so that could also be the reason.
It takes more than 4 years for the ripple from terrible economy handling to become a tsunami. So what he’s predicting is very likely to happen, because of him.
I got an apron with the grill and the hands looking like fire. It’s the cutest thing I’ve ever got.
I really like my ego. I do need to understand why it won’t let me mow below 2.3” though. I have only tried while mulching but pit pewters out and gives up.
No ramen has been harmed making this gif.
/r/DIWHY
Her recipe is telling someone off.
1 barspoon of lizards cherry juice. I can make mine without it anymore.
What was pruned?
This hits so many of my favorite subs: /r/WTF, /r/shittyfoodporn, /r/wewantplates....
I think you may need tot all to a different kind of doctor, my friend.
You just convince me to get the 1st public beta as soon as you t hits the servers. I love CarPlay and this is going to make it so much better.
I’ve been waiting for it all week. This was the pinnacle of a hilarious show.
I’m referring to a funny video that was posted a few weeks ago. Edit: said video: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8Lf4qFL9nGU
I’m actually going to advise the opposite. Do not open a restaurant. Find a good career that also allows you to have some free time. Then continue enjoying BBQing.
Then follow that guy’s advice :)
He could have done Hamilton I’m sure.
I dug it. It is catchy.
No one talked about getting elected in office more than twice. He said they’d want him to serve longer. Presidente for life is what he aims for.
100% yes but check your local library so you don’t have to pay for it.
Holy shit!!! This gotta be the best post on /r/BBQ of all times.
That’s when my kid says it rained his school and all I saw where grey clouds.
Est-ce que l’intérieur d’un sous marin est bruyant? Est-ce qu’il y a un ronronnement permanent du système de renouvellement d’air ou du moteur?
Et les doigts fins et délicats.
I found /r/lawncare’s nightmare
I had to scroll way too far to find a comment explaining what that was...
I don’t know how big Largo is but ACL can host up to 2300 people. The venue was about 80% full as far as we could see.
What do you mean by running full throttle all the time?
I can confirm from experience.
I’m glad they watched enough of the feed that they know you put a condom. I think that’s the part that creeps me out the most.
Good to know. Thanks for the info.
You should be fine with 8am.
Ben et des rillettes ou du fromton.
It’s ridiculously beautiful.
Now I know what I'm drinking tonight.
Yeah at least they're limited to FN. Imaging the shit they'd go to with an internet connection...
I haven’t posted any cocktails here in a while. This is a play on Los Altos: 1.5oz Tequila. .5oz Sotol. 1.5oz fresh pineapple juice. .5oz lime juice. .5oz hibiscus infused simple syrup. Soda water to top. Shake all except soda water over ice. Strain in a Collins glass with ice. Top with water. Take a mediocre picture because you’re in a hurry to drink.
This is so upsetting. I did type Rojos and my phone autocorrect complained about it. To make the hibiscus simple syrup, I added the leaves after the sugar was fully dissolved (1-1 ratio) then let it simmer for 15 minutes.
What bother me is that, with my limited knowledge in Spanish, I still thought something was weird. As for Sotol, I know only one place making it. It’s called Desert Door in Driftwood, TX. But I use it as replacement for mezcal so if you have the latter, go with that instead.
Finally made the trip to Liberty. Their brisket is da bomb!
It should be all senate against Mitch on this one.
Where’s the beer fridge?
Hey that piece of dirt just moved... meh never mind...
His wife definitely wants it.
I’d take the brown marshmallow out.
The picture! You dirty minded individual!
I do like a good vieux carré.
Thanks for the comprehensive advice. Now I’m between the boulevardier and the vieux carré. Hey ta odd that the devil’s cut is only bourbon, but you never know with him... On a side note I bought a small woodford rye and it makes fantastic Manhattans.
I did make a bijou for tonight’s cocktail so not all is lost. I could really see it mellow after a week or 2 in a cask
She made a few remarks that weren't particularly nice about one of the people playing in Serenity which ended being cut at her request. Not naming names but it's someone she worked with early in her career)
No NDA but as it didn't make it in the show, I don't want to create some beef between them. Next you have 'Okay Magazine's' cover: "June Diane Raphael v. XXXXXX: Behind the feud"
I am yet to master the fully clear ice ball.
Looks like it’s more than what we call beef short ribs. That meat cap must be pretty good. However I’m surprised that, even after 13 hours there is such a big chunk of fat not rendered.
Makes perfect sense. Thanks.
As a father of 2, there’s not really any option but leave as quickly as possible. I wouldn’t even restocked the shelves.
Happened to us a few months ago. The cashier was super nice and handed both kids a “paid” sticker they use for some merchandise and that calmed them down immediately.
wow I love your olive tree. How old is it? I just had one planted and it looks puny compared to this one.
That Spidey is buffed!
Transplant this little guy! I would adopt it if you’re around Austin. I love crape myrtles. They are so pretty.
Roast chicken is my all time favorite meal on earth. I don’t think there’s anything better.
Don’t. you. Dare. This is NOT hdtgm material!!!! This movie was a pinnacle of my stoner years! And it aged exactly as you’d think a 90s movie would
At first I thought it was the price. I was ready to put an order for pick up.
That soundtrack was the bomb.
Lots of /r/DIWHY content in here.
This was anything but.
They haven’t found the man of their life.
The difference is a matter of taste. Butcher paper still allows the meat to roast where the foil, retaining the juices, allowed the meat to braise.
Actually a lot of the hacking methods in Hackers were vetted by actual hackers. Everything else is out of this world.
That’s actually incorrect: https://www.slashfilm.com/hackers-oral-history/4/
it took me an incredible long time to realize that’s these were not 2 slices of bacon and that OP wasn’t being sarcastic.
It’s now down to 14%
Terry Black’s advertising on the sub? Not sure how I feel about it.
I’m a regular customer. Just expressing concern about corporations in subreddits.
Ça et le trou du lapin. Google Translate fail?
C’est une traduction littérale de “falling into a rabbit hole”
C’est marrant, aux US, on paie des impôts et on paye quand même une fortune pour les études universitaires et les ambulances.
How was the line?
I’m so glad I’m not the only one seeing it.
One of the best laughs I’ve had listening to hdtgm. It was legendary.
At HEB, the ribeye is $34/lb
This is just the best looking piece of meat I’ve seen in a while. What temp did you cook it to?
Come check them out next Defcon (if not cancelled)
Publish the code on GitHub.
These came out close to each other, didn’t they? It was travolta’s rebirth.
No one asked the real question: both at the same time?
I’d put terry blacks on the upper tier.
Genuinely interested in what made it unimpressive. Their pork ribs and chicken is okay but the beef rib and brisket is top of the line.
Frankly, if your taste is based on the bbq sauce, you’re gonna have a bad time inTX.
I can’t think a reason I wouldn’t do it. :D
I noticed that the audience participation has been cut short in a last few podcast. To the point where one of them ended up with only 2 questions.
I still haven’t garnered the courage to go to Franklin’s. Maybe I’ll take a day off to do that.
Texas BBQ prides itself time be sauceless.
Glad I wasn’t the only one who skipped through.
Yikes!
Wait... the current season is already over? It feels like the preseason was longer than the actual season.
Site noting here but it made me appreciate the Heavyweight check in even more. The last one was gold.
Savage
And giving money to brown and black peoples /s
1st comment I made: where’s the turban. 2nd comment: where’s the hair?
And that’s why my father in law is planning on voting trump again. :(
Wow we're doing the Russia G7 thing again? Didn't he try last year already?
Why are you dry shaking?
If there's one thing I've learned in the last few days is that there are much more talented soccer players in the US that I though. The amount of tear gas canisters successfully kicked back to the police would make Pelé proud.
The news anchors on KXAN are social distancing... and TV is different from real life.
Try vodka?
It was, hands down, one of the best moment in tv history
He got it from a best western room drawer.
I feel bad for thinking the same thing and then going to the comment to make sure.
Growing up I had outdoors cats. We had treats in a metal can to call them at night. It could take them up to 5 minutes but they’d be back every night.
Step 1: label a nonexistent organization as domestic terrorist. Step 2: mobilize and send the army to protect “weak” cities (read democrat leaning) against rioters. Step 3: accuse anyone and everyone opposing you of being part of the nonexistent organization as an excuse to arrest them without cause. Including elected officials. Step 4: impose martial law. Step 5: proudly show Vlad your work and ask him if his proud of you. Step 6: ???
Soooo... Racial profiling much?
Report the post if you don't like it.
hey just built one a couple miles away from us. It didn’t even get to open because of the pandemic
Black couch Tuesday. That makes sense in a weird way. Good for her!
Other excuses: "Melania (or Ivanka, if you want to be gross) said she was waiting for me in skimpy undies" "I smelled hamberders coming from the bunker" "I was looking for the switch to turn the lights off"
I think they were seeing plenty of waves already.
First of all, Hakas are the most powerful things I've seen. Now my noob question: They all seem to know what to respond. Is there a standard Haka or are the responses always the same?
Let me google that...
I actually made the best smoked wings last weekend. Marinated instead of rubbed. It was a revelation.
The marinade was olive oil, soy sauce, fish sauce, rive vinegar, a little hot sauce and worcestershire sauce. I smoked the wings for a little more than an hour at 300-350 then put them close to the coals to crisp the skin up. Then I tossed them in a sauce/glaze that had butter, bourbon, bourbon maple syrup, sriracha, soy sauce and a tiny bit of liquid smoke to round it up.
There was a missed opportunity on that hashtag. She should have gone with #BlackLivesMeater
There's only that many ways to make good wings. :) The main difference from the way I've been making them previously was to marinade them instead of using a rub and tossing them in the sauce instead of glazing them.
That’s one weird chicken wing ;) I joke aside, this looks so delicious.
Where do you find small ribs like this? Or is your hand the size of my torso?
But the protestors are the terrorists!!!!! /s
The amount of protestors without masks is too damn high.
HE WOULDN'T DARE!!!! Of course he did dare. You know these menstruation absorbing underwear? He's one of them after a 2 day binge in NoLa....
Around 42% it seems
But why?
It's the little things like this that numb people from the bigger bullshit this administration pulls daily.
This tune and the whole album are pure fire. One of my top 10 albums ever.
wait... what????? Edit: OH SHIT!!!
Interestingly I just got a notification that my package was delayed...
You really surprised me here. I would have sworn that Nazi was going to be a democratic voter. /s
They did say that if I don’t receive it by June 7, they’ll refund or replace it.
At least they get the insurance, eh.
Politically correct redneck meme
When you’re raised in this environment, you don’t really know the difference. His dad could have been a very nice father who was just racist af.
Define wonderful food in Wisconsin?
That’s why I put a conditional tense. And I’m sorry your childhood sucked. I can relate.
Yea the city is going to be sued, settle for a couple hundred thousands and the cop will have a finger wagged at him. I wish you could sue the individual for abuse of power and the settlement money would come from his savings.
I was actually surprised going to Burnet for BBQ and wine and both places were very good with employees wearing masks. Same thing with HEB today.
Well it looks like there’s a sewage overflow.
So I’m starting to have to following insane theory: He never wanted to be elected. He hates being president because it cuts his golfing and tv watching. How about he’s doing all this to ensure he won’t get re-elected?
Both very good points. I just can’t fathom this level of dumbassery.
You wanna get Lyme disease? ‘Cause that’s how you get Lyme disease.
I try to raise the volume but not too much.
I didn’t even think about the wind. A good storm and the fence is toast.
I actually jus went back to gluten after almost 9 years gluten free. I was having pretty terrible IBSd each time I ate pizza, drank beer or had cake and stopping gluten took care of that. I went to a doctor who couldn't tell me where the intolerance was coming from. I was extremely vigorous for the last 8 years and then I started noticing that if I had gluten by mistake, it wasn't affecting me anymore. So 1 day, I decided to have a donut and noting happened. I had pizza and nothing happened, etc... I'm still careful not to eat too much gluten but it's nice to be on the gluten again.
Flabbergasted that it wasn't cancelled 2 months ago...
If you decide to test it, go with something you really, really crave. And something of good quality. Because if you get sick, at least you'll have a good time beforehand.
I meant better than the KK brand. Something more local? For mine I went to Round Rock Donut https://roundrockdonuts.com/
It’s been only 25 years since RATM has been political.
Il faut bien que quelqu’un paye l’ardoise.
The Michelin order. They also review restaurants.
My first thought. Why was Disney advertising on his show? That’s definitely not their target audience.
His favorite part? The high 5 from the cute girl next lane.
I knew what I was getting into and yet I had no idea what I was getting into.
We need an updated picture with the 5 year old!
Her real talent? Knowing her teammate was better placed than she was for the shot
No ivanka? She’s the least dumb of the kids... And actually evil.
All good points.
Actually KAG at your own risk.
Depending on where you go, you can see 85-90% masks or 10-20%. 2 HEBs 5 miles apart will have that delta.
But then you don’t burn your hands.
Go 20 miles into the hill country and very few people are wearing them. And they look at you like you’re a moron for wearing them.
I was pretty sure I did that and because still get the auto play. I’ll give it another look. Follow up. I definitely have it disabled on my account since they implemented the feature and I still see previews.
Texas is almost at phase 3 of reopening and the cases increased by 17% in the last 7 days.
Or will soon be.
Because you have to if you’re getting surgery. Because an estimated 30% of people with the virus are asymptotic.
This is actually incorrect. Most states have been reopening when daily cases were still increasing (looking at you TX), not following the guidance of waiting for the daily cases to decrease over 14 days (which is what other countries did). Now Travis county just saw a 17% increase in cases over the last 7 days and hospital beds are, again, getting sparse. To flatten the curve, states need to follow recommendations and people need to as well. The number of people not wearing a mask is staggering.
This egg doesn’t look cooked.
I was expecting the dancer to break his ankle or one of the ladies to have a nip slip. I was not expecting seeing 2 hazelnuts hanging out with a peanut on a bush.
Damn. Take care of yourself.
Texas reopening of bars and restaurants will be seen by historians as one of the main reasons the 2nd wave is going to be worse than the 1st one. Austin had a 17% increase in cases in the last 7 days and it a beating new cases daily. And yet, people don’t seem to give enough of a shit to wear their masks.
Restrain her, call 911 for assault with a potential biological weapon and have her tested for COVID. If she doesn’t have it, it’s still disorderly conduct.
The person was t wearing a mask?
I don’t know in NYC, but in TX the bar owner can get fined for not policing people.
And that none of them is wearing masks?
So they had to duplicate his room key before they could get inside? How about just breaking the door?
My birthday and Father’s Day are less than a week apart and I know my wife got me a rotisserie kit for the WSM. I can’t wait to get it!
The article mentioned people calling a locksmith who made a duplicate of the key.
There you go: https://www.cajunbandit.com/product/cajun-bandit-18-5-wsm-rotisserie-combo-kit/
They have a 22” version.
I saw someone selling these in Blanco TX last year. Let me know if it works as well as advertised.
Unfortunately no.
And yet, we’re reopening youth sports, restaurants and bars at larger capacity.
He actually runs down. Trump tweeted twice about it in the past.
It hasn’t been what it was for the last 3 years. I’m surprised they still have subscribers.
That’s what it looks like. Happy cake day!
2oz of rum .5oz syrup .5oz of vermouth 1 dash of bitters Build in a collin's glass filled with cracked ice and top with soda water. It could also be .75oz of tea and .25oz of vermouth if the drink is on the sweet side.
Seeing all these gifs and images of the Obamas really hurt. They really embrace their statutes of president and First Lady.
And then he tweeted this shit this morning? [https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1272532925460905984?s=20](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1272532925460905984?s=20) How fucking stupid do you have to be to believe this garbage? Then I remember this: “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.” ― **George Carlin**
I hated this movie so much when it came out; I didn't even know that Scorsese directed it.
Any moron who thinks their rights to spread the virus are infringed.
Beautiful picture. The most interesting part is how she sees her nose as bigger than it actually is. It’s a small detail that I found fascinating.
I hope they’ll add it to the macOS version.
Even applying the paint and drying it won't take mere seconds...
Asking the real questions here! A sleeve of coke?
Plot twist: he’s the groom and they are making their thruple official.
I haven’t watched Dr Sleep. I unexpectedly enjoyed the book (King hasn’t grabbed my attention in a while like this).
Totally subjective. There’s no way I was able to do that at 17.
That drop kick from the pole right on his face. It should try out for wwe.
Looks like it works on iPhone as well. Not sure I wanna pay for the iOS version when I have the macOS one.
I wish there was a way for me to live stream my emotions when I watch these videos. This one I. Particular went from “okay that’s a mirror. Now what?” To “I wonder where they’re going with this foam” and ended up as “wait... what? That’s as far as it goes?”
Berman said Saturday that he would not fight the move. “In light of Attorney General Barr’s decision to respect the normal operation of law and have Deputy U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss become Acting U.S. Attorney, I will be leaving the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, effective immediately," he said in a statement, adding that he believed Strauss and her team "will continue to safeguard the Southern District’s enduring tradition of integrity and independence.”
Happens to me especially when I mix a modern tune with something from the ‘60s for example. If I loop one of the tracks on the other one, I just cheat and sync.
/r/blunderyears would like to have a talk with you guys...
I’m glad they sit everyone behind the stage. They had PLENTY of space to do social distancing and they’re all gathered together.
It’s probably only a small part of the reason. If it were the case, the overflow would have been huge.
“The black hole was so scientifically accurate, it took approximately 100 days to render each frame”. “Which means every second you see took approximately 100 days to render”
My all time favorite movie. I discovered it when I was 14 and must have seen it 200 times since. Now I gotta read about John landis though because this article was throwing some serious shade.
The guy was a fixture at Stax and played bass on so many hits there.
Omg I’m an idiot... argh. Thanks for correcting me.
You shouldn’t.
I would feel empathy if he demonstrated any himself. He’s been a plague to this country. He literally made everyone other than 0.001% of the country more miserable. While I do t think it’s fair to call you names like another commenter did. But fuck Trump.
So you mean dial it all the way from feeling bad for him to being happy he feels miserable?
I actually have the strong belief that I can tell people kinda whatever I want as long as it’s not demeaning. I also believe that some people don’t deserve empathy, especially when their setback is that they couldn’t gather 19,000 assholes to listen to them explain how well they can walk down a ramp or demean and insult whoever doesn’t agree with them. Do I feel bad for Kim Jung Un on his death bed? Nope. Did I feel bad for Boris Johnson ending up in ICU because of Covid? Hell no! Do I feel bad for trump disappointment because he couldn’t have his racist, gesturing, senseless, sociopathic moment with his fans? Fuck no!
Thanks for cross posting! You guys are magnificent t.
Shouldn’t Baron holding the umbrella for his grandpa? (I know Donnie is his dad)
I saw him at a WWE event a couple years ago. The guy can barely walk anymore.
Am I the only gutter minded one who think it looks like the top of 2 butt cheeks and a butt crack? I mean really sexy and colorful ones but still...
What a shame. Everyone knows that the best Hash House A Gogo is off the strip....
This was gold. I only wish she had used weed instead of dill.
Somehow my string is always too short to do that.
The parents must be mortified though.
I hope these assholes get Covid. We'll see if they think that "kung-flu" is such a great joke...
Mostly the news. This morning kxan was saying that hospitals in central Texas are about 76% full.
Remember everything is a projection for him.
Snap out of it! That's how they get you!!!! (I want a churro mini cart so much now)
This is fancy af! Manhattan is such an easy and classy drink.
Sorry I couldn’t see anything past that magnificent ‘fro.
Fatboy Slim’s lockdown mixes.
It’s called executive orders. She should know. Her president has been signing a shitload of them.
Frankly, I can’t wait for her next video: “Hey guys, I haven’t made a video for a while but i was at the hospital for 2 weeks with covid-19. I thought i was going to die. Please wear masks”
I'm planning on using my DDJ-200 whenever I go back on trips so I can have mini sets at friends. Quick question for you, I have been using DJ Pro for a while now. I tried and didn't care for Serato. What's your take on Rekorbox?
One of my kid got this really quickly, the other one still can’t hold his breath in the water...
