2013 Season - NY6 bowl win over Baylor 2015 Season - 0-12 2017 Season - NY6 bowl win over Auburn
&gt; lacking a cannon for an arm I'm not sure, I feel like he has that Tom Brady arm cannon thing going on..
&gt; they just broke up Damn, I felt like I missed out on hookup opportunities in college by dating the same girl the whole time I was there, I can't even imagine what that'd be like if you're a star QB.
Automatic Qualifying IE: The winner of the conference is guaranteed a NY6 bowl.
I feel like the fact that the vast majority of our offensive players are returning, so our recruiting was heavily slanted toward defense players this year may have had something to do with it as well.
Solved!
I think it's an old enough meme, that it doesn't seem overused anymore and you can laugh at the nostalgia of it now, like Dramatic Chipmunk or something.
Ermahgerd!
At my old job there was a vice president who I'm pretty sure had a sub 80IQ, he knew that I was a UCF fan so anytime he saw me he'd say "how about that UFC? Hyuck Hyuck" like it was the most witty thing in the world, Every. Single. Time. So now when people accidentally call us UFC it's probably my least favorite thing.
Yeah, I thought it was a parody of "Jenkem" as well, with people doing something absolutely disgusting to get high, which wouldn't even work IRL.
It's in my top 5 favorite episodes, I love the big reveal that Stan sold his friends out for an iPod Shuffle.
I don't know, the last time someone in the American went rogue and decided to commission a trophy, it ended up forming the most heated rivalry in college football, the Civil ConFLiCT.
Gotta love how bright the average consumer is. It reminds me of when A+W wanted to compete with McDonalds' Quarter Pounder, so they released a 1/3 pound burger, but it sold terribly because so many people thought a 1/3 pound burger was smaller than a 1/4 pound burger.
I feel like he wasn't even a meth addict, like he got close to addiction that one time when he was smoking too much and got all paranoid and thought that the door-to-door Mormons were bikers sent to kill him, but he laid off of it for a while after that. Even after doing a bunch of heroin with Jane, he was shown to be able to shake the habit fairly easily (he was shown to be much more affected by Jane's death than by opioid withdrawal) Different people have different susceptibilities to addiction and I always just assumed that Jesse wasn't very susceptible to it so he could smoke meth from time to time without getting addicted.
That was my mom's first reaction having read a few of the books before seeing the movie, she said that he was described as a giant Arnold Schwarzenegger type of guy in the books.
Reminds me of back in high school, one of my buddies had a sister who was one of the most popular and beautiful girls in school. Every time I looked at her I could only see my buddy's face in hers and it was an instant turn-off.
And the funniest part is that the people who are acting super butthurt about it are all fans of teams that have "just claimed national championships for themselves" in the past as well.
This guy Orlandos
Tech support here. Our website had a change made a few months back where clicking on the envelope icon used to open a web form to send an email to the person. We changed it to a mailto: link because people wanted to use their own email applications so that they could include their custom signatures, keep track of sent emails, etc. Even though this happened like 3 months ago, at least once a week I'll get a call from someone saying that "the email is broken" what I do now is I just tell them to click the person's name as that still allows them to send the email through the web form. When the change was first made we would assist people in setting up their default email application, by now anyone who didn't notice the change is computer illiterate so fuck that, I just give them the workaround instead.
I've driven from Worcester, MA to Dayton Ohio before. Strangely enough, I've driven from Worcester, MA to Orlando, FL as well and checking the map that's nearly as far west.
It reminds me of this one store at the mall that my fiancee always avoids because they sell some sort of diamond skin cream snake oil and one time she walked past and the guy started harassing her about "What's wrong with your skin? You NEED our product so that you don't look like that anymore"
As an American, it was considered a bit of a controversy when my grandma converted to Catholicism apparently. Most of my family is still Lutheran.
I've always loved how OP being an artist is. Spend a week painting and become a master artist, suddenly you're selling 3 paintings per day for like $3,000 each.
After the show aired he literally was trying to sell used tissues on ebay saying that they were used during filming of the show.
One of my college roommates was a really good lacrosse player, Brandon, another good lacrosse name.
I thought Riley was an interesting character in that all of the gay characters we saw up to that point were proudly out of the closet. Even Dylan who was also an athelete, was openly gay, so it was interesting to see a character who was deeply closeted because he feared what being openly gay would do to hurt his athletic career. Tristan is one of my least favorite characters in Degrassi history, he was basically introduced as a super stereotypical "gayer than gay" guy. The only thing that was remotely interesting about him is that he was Owen's younger brother so that was an intersting comparison. Later I started actaully hating him when his close friend Maya attempted to kill herself (and very nearly succeeded) and his first reaction to learning about this is to make a lame pizza joke. I've seen people blame it on brain damage from being in the coma, but I feel like that's really pushing it and that he said that just because he's kindof a dick.
I absolutely adore GLIIIs, by far the most comfortable upper I've ever seen on a sneaker. I swear, my dream shoe is GLIII upper with an EQT Boost midsole.
Damn, that's rough on Piccolo. I figure that dude at least deserves NMDs, if not 93-17 EQTs.
Here I was fully expecting [this one.](https://youtu.be/y983TDjoglQ?t=45s)
&gt; They're all fairly safe. Eesh, [are you sure?](https://i.imgur.com/ZNCIfZZ.png)
I feel like this sort of thing is actually pretty common, we always thought that my grandfather was 100% Swedish, then my grandparents did an Ancestry DNA thing and my grandmother started looking into genealogy, it turns out that he's actually 100% Finnish, just Swedish speaking Finns. The man spent 80 years thinking that he was Swedish, when it turns out that he was actually Finnish all along.
That's why I don't bother with subreddits like /r/relationships and /r/narcissisticparents. You're only getting one side of the story from someone who has a vested interest in making themselves look good and the other party look bad.
I can understand a cast member defending another cast member as they pretty much all get attacked for things rightly or wrongly (remember when people were calling Kirlyam "fat" even though she obviously isn't?)
I don't really have super strong feelings about Drew one way or the other. Goldi was a super fascenating character. In season 1 of Next Class she was shown to be the "fun police" as head of the feminism club and didn't really seem to have any personality besides trying to make everyone miserable. She was very similar in season 2. Throwing Frankie under the bus while she had worked on the poster herself as well never sat right with me. Season 3 she started getting some character development and became a MUCH more likable character because she was finally given a personality. Season 4 she became one of my favorite characters. Who wouldn't be heartbroken over the scene where she's attacked purely over her religion. I feel like it's a shame that the writers decided to make her into a likable character just in time for her to graduate and go away.
I mean he did randomly keep a photo of [Hedy Lamarr](https://i1.wp.com/lowellmilkencenter.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Hedy-Lamarr.jpg?fit=1280%2C959&amp;ssl=1) in his wallet.
Ironically enough BuzzFeed has a "serious news" branch now that actually makes compelling content similar to what Vice used to do back in the day.
I picked up the CD at the Boston concert. It comes with an official membership form for the cult led by Poppy and a poster that folds into a hat. Both were hilarious IMO. I usually just watch on YouTube as well, but I like to support artists, especially if they're still pretty new like Poppy is so I think it's totally worth it.
Gotta give it up to the bro working at the store for at least putting the stickers on that way so that people aren't getting ripped off.
I mean, I haven't seen the episode since the year started with "19", but didn't Arnold have some PTSD/flashbacks which was what caused him to start training in martial arts?
True in Orlando as well. I live in Central MA, and I remember checking a website where you can compare prices at places. Our average salaries up here are much higher, most things are more expensive here, but rent is comparable with Central Florida. Houses down there are significantly cheaper (3 bed 2 bath houses with a pool for $150,000 in Orlando versus the same thing for $350,000 in Auburn MA for example) but rent is still stupid high there.
Diversity, both of landscapes/climates and of people. You sometimes see Europeans who don't understand why so Americans never leave the country. You don't ever really need to. Hell within an hour of my house I can go skiing in the winter and surfing in the summer. Want authentic Thai food? Chances are there's a restaurant owned by Thai person nearby. Want to learn more about Brazilian culture? Just ask a Brazilian person.
That's my favorite part, I get emails from headhunters for terrible temp tech support jobs because I have a decent resume, and at the end of the email they're always like "if you're not interested in this position please send me the names of anyone you know who may be" like wow, you really know how to make a guy feel wanted.
If I was the professor I'd instantly dock them at least 20 points off of their final grade for trying to sell shit in my online class.
I remember this weird transition period back when I was in college when denim miniskirts were still "in" but then leggings started showing up so you'd see girls wearing leggings with a denim miniskirt.
My mom does primerica, at least she's smart enough to not keep pestering her family/friends once they've stated that they're not interested, but her dumbass boyfriend (who got her sucked into the whole thing) completely severed ties with his whole family because he refused to stop trying to sell to them (he even went so far as giving primerica pamphlets to his family as "Christmas presents" one year aparently.) The sad thing is that you have to just kindof ride it out, my sister tried to have an "intervention" using logic once and all it did was really upset my mom because these pyramid schemes brainwash their participants into seeing an attack on the company as an attack on them personally (my sister would say something like "look at all of these reputable articles saying that primerica is a bad company" and my mom would respond "why are you saying that I'm a bad person?") I honestly just kindof avoid the subject. My mom asked me long ago how I felt about her boyfriend and primerica and I gave my honest opinion so she knows how I feel about it, there's not really anything else you can do beyond that.
Vanity sizing, this is so that someone who is very overweight can buy an XXS and feel good about themselves.
I wonder if the pyramid schemes flat out tell the people to make the stupidest faces possible in photos for some reason.
I always view it as being like in state where marijuana is legal to have, but not legal to sell. They have stores where you can go and buy a $50 "piece of artwork" that just happens to come with a free gift of $50 worth of weed. Everyone knows damn well what's going on but technically it's still legal. MLMs are the same way, everyone knows that really they're pyramid schemes but by pretending to sell a product/service they stay technically legal (while being a nice little extra income for the top of the pyramid, in this example, it would be like if you had to pay $100 to get into the pyramid, plus you had to buy a $2 doodad (which is only worth $1) from the red guy every month as well.)
My fiancee likes some of the more "normal" patterns, luckily there's pretty much always someone in the area "moving on to greener pyramid scheme pastures" selling their existing stock at a deep discount.
literally every photo has the person making a doofy face.
I can't stand shit like that where there are two very similar sounding titles and one is legitimate and regulated, and the other isn't at all. I think about Nutritionist/Dietician, one is a certified medical field, the other is just any Joe off the street telling you what to eat, I can't even remember which is which off the top of my head.
Bulma is literally the perfect woman, brilliant inventor, heir to the biggest company on the planet, likes adventuring, gorgeous, and at least early Dragon Ball she had such low self esteem that you feel like you'd actually have a shot with her (she dated Yamcha FFS), plus her dad has a really chill cat that hangs out on his shoulder and her mom is possibly an android, so you'd have cool inlaws, she's best friends with the strongest guy in the universe so if anyone comes after you, you know your boy Goku would have your back.
I'm sorry, anyone who claims to hate Canada is automatically an asshole in my book. (and no, despite the fact that I prefaced my comment with an "I'm sorry" I'm from the US, not Canada.)
In fact in studies completed on the matter, people who claimed to have an MSG allergy were given foods which didn't contain MSG and told that the food did contain MSG and they claimed to have a reaction to it. Then another group were given food that did contain MSG and were told that it didn't contain MSG and they were perfectly fine.
Hell as someone with a color vision deficiency, an annoyingly high number of people think that I can only see things in black and white. For anyone who doesn't know colorblindness (more accurately referred to as color vision deficiency) comes from a lack of certain cone cells in the eyeball, for example mine is a red-green deficiency so I have less red and green cone cells. Imagine taking a photograph in Photoshop and turning down the intensity by 50% for red and green, you can still see those colors they just appear much more muted. The biggest issue I find this causes is it makes certain mixed colors look the same. I find it almost impossible to differentiate between blue and purple most of the time, neon green and yellow tend to look the same to me as well. Another one is certain shades of pink and grey look very similar.
The ones that drive me insane are the people who say stuff like that, and then say that minimum wage should be below the livable wage. It boggles my mind that there are people who honestly believe that someone who works an honest fulltime job doesn't deserve to be able to afford to exist.
I never got that scene early in Jurassic Park where John is talking to Drs. Grand and Sadler and says something like "I want to keep everything on 'skedule' er... 'shed-ual'" I thought they were just the US England and UK English pronunciations of schedule?
dialects and accents are super interesting to me. I've lived in Massachusetts my whole life but I don't have a single hint of the stereotypical "Boston Accent" I've asked people from other parts of the country where they would guess I was from based on accent and the most common answers were either "I have no clue" or "somewhere like Nebraska". It was funny though I was traveling to Virginia quite a bit and at one point in my presentation (I was training them on use of our software) I'd instruct them to "click the pin icon" and they could never understand me (I guess down South pin and pen are pronounced the same).
My fiancee used to pronounce the word buffet "boo-fay" I always gave her a bit of a ribbing about it until one time her mom was there and she was like "It's pronounced "boo-fay" right?" and her mom was like "No, it's "buff-ay" I just said "boo-fay" once as a joke when you were a kid and you ran with it"
Can confirm, I'm left handed, I cast with my left hand forward (I only use surf casting rods so you cast with both hands) then I hold the rod with my left hand and reel with my right. It's a good thing that my reel allows you to switch the side easily to facilitate this.
I'm odd, I don't really like listening to music unless I'm pretty drunk, it just doesn't really excite me the same way that something visually stimulating would. The strange part is that I love playing music (I play drums and guitar) and I love playing Rhythm games, so I enjoy music as long as I have something else going on as well.
Yup, that's why it sucks living in New England where everyone talks about how beautiful the changing leaves are, and to me they just look all ugly brown and dead.
That's a funny question, and one that I actually have an answer for, when I was a kid, I probably would have said blue, because it was the only color that looked the most "vivid" to me. As an adult I prefer white with black accents as the contrast is more visually appealing to me than difference in hue. I've read that any genetic trait that is over 5% prevalent is actually considered to be an advantage rather than a problem, the US Army actually likes when their infantry members have a color vision deficiency as it makes it easier to "see past" camouflage, as most camouflage is color, rather than pattern based.
I'd give a perfect example as the Frieza shoe shown here. it has a kindof clunky profile, with a primarily white with blue (or purple in this case) accents. Basically imagine the type of sneaker [you could see your dad wearing](https://images.complex.com/complex/image/upload/c_limit,w_680/fl_lossy,pg_1,q_auto/d1jafu12aep65ukrdue1.jpg) (and yes, my dad does own those exact sneakers). These have been the "hot" thing in street wear in the past few months with respected designers like [Kanye West](https://static.highsnobiety.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/23121301/yeezy-wave-runner-700-instagram-00.jpg) and [Balenciaga](http://www.ioffer.com/img3/item/640/872/610/balenciaga-chunky-triple-s-sneaker-fashion-dad-shoes-7deb.jpg) releasing these styles of sneakers recently.
Wait, I thought that Bitmojis were for us oldsters and that they younglings have moved on to something else long ago?
They had a 'quality loss' to UCF as well, that can't hurt.
There's definitely a scale of how "evil" the various MLMs are. At the top are ones like amway where you can literally lose your home (happened to a friend of my grandparents apparently). In the middle are ones like primerica which my mom unfortunately does where she mostly just loses time, not much money. I feel like most of the "boss babe" ones fall into this category as well, spend $200 on makeup and then admit that this company aren't who you thought they were and move on to the next pyramid scheme after a few months. At the bottom are ones like pampered chef and avon where they actually sell decent products and the people selling them aren't generally super pushy.
&gt; electronics $.59lb That seems really dumb to charge by the lb for electronics, by and large it means that the older something is, the more expensive it'll be. Under this policy, for example an original Macintosh 128K from 1984 would sell for $9.74 and a 12.9 inch iPad pro would sell for $0.88
[I couldn't help myself](https://i.imgur.com/qGffY7v.jpg)
$80 for black non-slip shoes? Where the f are they even getting these numbers, you can get those for like less than $20 at any Payless.
It's the greasiest thing ever, they lure victims of domestic/sexual violence in with promises of a helpful retreat, and then they use it as an opportunity to shamelessly pick apart these's women's self esteem in an effort to make themselves richer. It makes me really wish for the giant meteor.
I feel like some of this perception is based on merchandise available, I wish there were more tshirts that match what the teams actually wear like you see in F1 ([Example](https://www.topracingshop.com/zul_pl_2017-Italy-Scuderia-Ferrari-F1-Team-Kids-T-Shirt-12196_3.jpg)) and less stuff that looks like it came from /r/the_pack ([Example](http://nascar.frgimages.com/FFImage/thumb.aspx?i=/productimages/_2648000/altimages/ff_2648009alt1_full.jpg&amp;w=1000&amp;q=80)). Sometimes I feel like it's tough to get NASCAR merchandise because it's so unappealing to me (I usually like wearing streetwear, it'd take so little effort for teams to put out a decent dad-hat, yet none of them do).
&gt; Unfortunately, the days of regional sponsors being able to afford to sponsor NASCAR at the top level ended a long time ago. I don't know, I mean Shaws will sponsor cars for New Hampshire races still. I feel like regional sponsorships are still doable, if only for races in that region.
&gt; The problem with this is that you think we want to be the lovable underdogs. I was actually thinking about that earlier, how many years have we heard UCF referred to as "a sleeping giant" and how many NY6 bowl games do we have to win before people will admit that we're not a cute little underdog anymore.
It can set up unrealistic standards honestly, the first post I made on Reddit got like 1,000 upvotes so I honestly thought that was just the norm at first.
Bottled from the foulest standing water puddles in an authentic Brazilian favela!
God help you if you try to put some brie in there though!
When people make a public "Thanks for adding me as a friend!" posts on people's facebook walls. It just reeks of a lack of social media etiquette to me.
I mean, realistically, I see zero cultural/language/etc differences between MA and RI though so I'd imagine the VAST majority of MA answers apply to you as well.
I can understand that, I think it's kindof cute when it's someone's great aunt Ethel doing it, but when it's some 20 year old dude doing it, it's just weird.
And here I still miss the [3 claw marks](http://www.jayski.com/schemes/2004/cup/9umi-pub.jpg) on the 9.
Honestly I was ambiguous about this Stuff Pack until it got to the part where the hipster was working hard to manually wash his clothes and then air dry them, will probably pick up. Rating: 9/10.
Jesus she's packed on the pounds quickly!
Holy shit, I might have to get some of those prints (note the username) as a side note, I love how her current pictures still look like they were taken 5 seconds after finishing off a blunt just like OP's.
&gt; true New Englanders False! Half of you guys cheer for the yankees.
I do always flat out refer to MLMs as pyramid schemes because that's what they blatantly are. I remember seeing things from the "motivational speakers" that my mom has to listen to for primerica flat out admitting "okay, if you've made it this far you've got to realize your job isn't to sell insurance, it's to get recruits"
City. You are my best friend. And I will follow you until I am not able.
I only know of those from the flair on /r/CFB, y'all better treat Coach Frost well, that man is a treasure!
It's in Denver so probably around an hour's drive? (I was like 9 the last time I was in Colorado, but I think that's about how long it took to get from Denver to Colorado Springs)
Do they hound you constantly for donations as well? My fiancee is a UMass alum and she actively hates the school now because they're so aggressive with soliciting donations.
I was super excited to try In n Out on a trip to Vegas, I don't like onions so I ordered everything without them and I found the burger to be pretty bland/forgettable TBH. I much prefer either Hardees/Carl's Jr or 5 Guys.
I've definitely noticed this in Rhythm games as well you're just drunk enough to not notice that you're racking up a massive combo so you don't freak out and lose it.
Guitar Hero is a normie rhythm game though, if he was obsessed with IIDX or Sound Voltex it'd be different.
There are precisely 3 things that make me cry. 1. Death of a relative/close friend 2. A part of a movie/tv show where a soldier dies honorably in combat 3. That part of the Dragon Ball GT final episode where Goku visits Piccolo in hell and tells him that he knows he'll make it out of there some day.
[Worked well for UCF this past season](https://www.cbssports.com/college-football/news/look-ucf-to-wear-incredible-space-themed-football-uniforms-honoring-nasa/)
I'd suggest [Geocaching](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geocaching). It's basically a worldwide scavenger hunt based on GPS coordinates. You look on a website (geocaching.com is by far the most common) and find a set of coordinates. Then you go to those coordiates (some are miles of hiking into the wilderness, others are feet away from a parking area in an urban setting) and look for the "cache" (usually either an ammo box, or a tupperwear container). Once you find the cache you can sign the logbook signifying your find, take and leave a little item (things like matchbox cars are popular) and log your find on the website. There's a great sense of pride in finding something that is hidden from most people, and the "premium" version of the website/app only costs like $30 per year, making it an extremely inexpensive hobby to get into.
It was hillarious, last night I was playing some Saints Row 2, and I told my mom: "you can be extra proud of your son, I just passed level 10/10 of the Ho-ing skill in my game"
Interesting Goodyear branding on soles. I know Ultra Boosts have Continental branding on their soles and they're hands down the "grippiest" shoes I've ever warn, is tire branding common on shoe soles?
I mean wasps are protein, onions are poison. Obviously I'd rather eat wasps.
Definitely [Lupa Zoo](http://www.lupazoo.org/) it's a bit out of the way, but they have a surprisingly large range of interesting animals housed there. I honestly had never heard of it before I met my fiancee, but she had wanted to visit and I'm super glad that we did. The other, more well known one I can think of is [Plimoth Plantation](https://www.plimoth.org/) the Native American parts are exceptional.
I think the point is that “just some tits” is still considered porn here in the US.
Pyramid schemes, pyramid schemes never changes.
As an American, I can assure you that 99% of people disagree with our president's words, and the 1% who agree are just idiots who think that "lol, top kek, he's trolling the snowflakes"
Yup, a lot of the presidential naming things are due to President Washington being a good guy. I always thing an interesting part of history is for Finland where they had President Kekkonen who was very similar to our President Roosevelt where it was a "this guy is really good, but we don't want someone to rule for too long going forward" scenario.
As much as I've been a lifelong Sox fan, Fenway is probably the worst stadium in the country. I mean, I've been to countless Red Sox games there, most of the grandstand seats are tiny and awful . The only halfway comfortable/modern seats in the house are the bleacher seats which are a mile away from home plate and out in the sun where it's way too hot. Grandstand seats are [at risk of having a huge steel pole blocking your view](https://www.rateyourseats.com/shared/Fenway-Park-Section-GS27-Row-13-L1-on-6-22-2016_FP.jpg). There are many fine things about Fenway Park, but it's sure as shit not the best major league sport park in the country.
Well that seems terrible to say, there are many fine countries in Africa, I'd love to visit Tanzania.
That's one that you've got to give it up to Scott Frost for. Shaquem was basically only given a scholarship because O'Leary really wanted Shaquill and both brothers came as a package deal, then when Frost became our coach he decided to put Shaquem in and let him see how he could play, the rest is history.
He certainly had no problem getting those clutch ints for us this season!
I love his attitude, he gets pissed of someone asks him about his disability, because he says he doesn't have a disability, a disability is something that prevents you from doing what you want, and he plays great football one hand or not.
Asking if someone was strapped used to mean if they were armed, now it means if they’re wearing these glorious beasts.
You were extremely lucky! I got to witness two space shuttle launches, one from my balcony at a resort at Disney World, which was amazing enough, and the other from Space View Park in Titusville, FL. which was life-changingly amazing. One thing that I really hate about my ex is that she had a similar obsession about human spaceflight to me, and she took a trip to Florida for the final space shuttle launch. I'm totally jelly.
Fuck Bad Boys the lyric in the Cops themesong
The big one I can think of is obviously Kevin Smith, huge star RB for UCF, our first Heisman candidate, somewhat short career in the NFL, leading to a very successful career in college coaching so far at FAU, I could totally see him coming home to UCF as HC at some point.
Honestly, I'm not even sure how I really started. I remember someone passing me a half smoked cigarette on the way to work at the supermarket when I was 17. I had never smoked pot before so the slight "nicotine buzz" that a cigarette gives you made me think that I was smoking something that had been laced with something else. Then I would smoke on breaks at work from time to time, or smoke with kids after school. A big one was when I asked a dude if I could borrow a smoke, and he gave me a pack with 10 or so cigs left in it, that seemed like Mana from Heaven for someone under 18. From then on I was addicted so I'd hang outside of a quik-e-mart asking anyone who "looked cool" if they'd buy me a pack inside. Thankfully, pretty quickly my dad caught me smoking (he was a former smoker himself) and he said that if I gave him the money, he'd pick me up a carton up in New Hampshire, because he knew that a smoker would do anything to smoke, and at least that way I wouldn't be wasting as much money to smoke.
I mean, we don't know for certain, but the next episode's title includes something like "Gohan's last stand"
After spending a whole week super hyped up for it, I feel like Vegeta's new form in this episode gave me a serious case of blue balls (pun intended). It was heavily hyped up, but then it was only featured in the last few minutes of the episode, it wasn't given a name (only the normal "he broke past his limit" stuff that they say for every transformation) we weren't really given any idea of how the transformation differs from normal SSB besides visually. Hopefully we get more of an explanation next episode.
I feel like people don't tend to reply directly to the requests, but I wouldn't be at all shocked if, for example, someone's publicist saw an AMA request, and told the celeb, "you should consider doing a Reddit AMA next time you have a movie coming out" or whatever.
Hunter 100% would have referred to the feminist club as "cunts" if he was allowed to when they were "at war".
I remember back when Heists came out it seemed like the game had 2 "eras" before Kuruma and after Kuruma.
I've heard that in real life George W Bush has a super firm handshake. I wonder if he specifically firmed it up because he didn't want to take and flak over that episode.
Here in America most of the chain restaurants (shockingly, us millenials haven't killed them all yet) have a little tablet at each table where you can pay (they also make it so that you can order dessert, or another drink when you're ready) they just have you select how much of a tip you want to leave, swipe your card, sign, and you're good. They even have receipt printers built in just in case you want a paper receipt.
Fiancee and I came across this one today. We were in a Bertuccis today (chain Italian joint for people outside of the Northeast). And there was one table where they had like 6 kids who kept yelling, running around, etc. It was surreal because right next to us were a few other tables with kids who were perfectly well behaved.
I've seen the same thing in hotels, I forget what chain it was, but they had a flyer for "Hotel X" line of sheets/towels/showerheads/etc so that if a guest liked something there they could buy it for themselves. If I remember correctly this was at a "business grade" hotel chain, so it wasn't as likely that customers would steal towels as it would get back to their employers.
That happened to me once, I stopped at a gas station to pick up a bag of chips, so I bring it up to the counter, and the dude who's working there looks at the back of the bag is like "Oh this contains artificial color red 896! Isn't it insane what that stuff will do to you? I wouldn't eat this if I was you" I didn't feel like getting into an argument about "chemicals" with a clerk at the freaking gas station, so I just mubled something like "wow, yeah, crazy" and hastily exited.
Your post reminded me of [this comic](http://theoatmeal.com/comics/restaurant_website)
People LOVE to really slather on that cheap stuff too. Today my fiancee and I were at a mall, and there was one whole hallway that reeked of that very distinctive "gas store cologne" smell.
It's funny because I thought Chinese Buffet as soon at the beginning of your comment. I'm told that they hover so much because they know that at a buffet they're going to receive a much smaller tip because you get the food yourself, so they hope that the appearance of "over the top personal attention" will improve the tip a bit.
This is a big one over at /r/onionhate as well. A disturbingly high number of places will casually leave onions off of the list of what the dish contains. Carbonara is a particularly bad offender the sauce is supposed to consist of egg, black pepper, cheese, and bacon, by definition, just those 4 ingredients. But I guess a bunch of people include onions as well for some strange reason.
Hmm, maybe that's why it makes sense to me. Now I remember it, she basically ends up having the girls unionize for fair playing conditions and then destroys the team from in-fighting, right?
My fiancee's dad lives in Athol and works in Cambridge, I have no clue how the dude can put up with an insane commute like that.
The vast majority of the time he drives the whole way in, I think she said that he's taken the commuter rail from Fitchburg a couple of times if there was a vehicle he had to pick up for work and drive from Cambridge to somewhere else though.
Yeah, I always just assumed that you were supposed to be best friends with your romantic partner, but then again, I'm the type to have a few acquaintances but not really any close friends outside of my romantic relationships. My ex recently got divorced from her husband, and she mentioned to me that she noticed that her exhusband never really made any effort to be friends with her (he would never bother trying to share his interests with her, etc) whereas I always made an effort to be friend as well as a lover.
Like when they do the "cash post" where the first couple of bills are higher, but you can clearly see the ones in the back are 1s, so their "huge spread of cash they made over the past month" is actually worth like $67 if count it out.
So that means that the person who posted this blacked out the prices as well because they don't want you to see that they're super happy that they could afford $8. Hilarious!
It's basically a military themed version of The Onion, I see it pop up from time to time on my facebook and it's usually pretty hilarious.
I was there when [JJ Worton made "the catch" in 2013,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uV-f-x1PIi4) it was honestly one of the most incredible experiences in my life! Especially being from the Northeast, so I never see other UCF fans around in my day to day life.
I've seen them using quadcopter based cameras recently as well, not over the middle of the field like that, but like over the goals on occasion.
Imagine in real life a crew is preparing to rob a bank. Frank: I've got the AK-47s Mark: I've got the masks and boiler suits. Dan: I've got the getaway car Bob: I've got 50 Snickers bars
[My favorite comic on the subject.](http://pbfcomics.com/comics/missing-school/)
&gt; Should I go again to the US, I'll avoid Applebee's like the plague. It's not even bad honestly, just a bit uninspired. I go there a few times a year probably. Reddit just really loves to treat chain restaurants like the serve poison as a circlejerk. Another example is Olive Garden, in reality everyone knows that they don't serve authentic Italian food there, and nobody goes to Olive Garden to get authentic Italian food, you go there if you feel like having some dope breadsticks and then eating 1600 calories worth of pasta and cream sauce.
All of the things that you've mentioned are loaded with carbs or sugar, they have just as many calories as fast food. Basically the problem is that the by and large the best protein/calorie ratios are found on higher quality meats which are something that tend to be more expensive.
The fact that they've made the fields have visible grain now means that I wouldn't at all be surprised to see a job like that in the future. The thing I always wonder about is how near the train tracks near your house you can hear a chainsaw in the woods, I wonder if there's going to be a tree clearing job at some point as well.
I'd try to identify where the squeaking sound is coming from, if it's coming from a bearing, you could use some sort of lubricant on the bearing, if it's coming from the bottom of the turntable grinding on the controller housing, there was a modification that people used to do on the Japanese PS2 IIDX controllers where they would cut a disk the size of the turntable out of a plastic shopping bag, and place that underneath the turntable.
I always say that the songs in musicals feel like commercials when I'm watching TV, it's just something that I'm not interested in breaking up the action.
Having watched the show, the characters are very straightforward sitcom archetypes. The mom is the typical overbearing mom, The dad is the typical loving but bumbling dad. There's the dumb jock older brother (who was originally going to have an eating disorder but they dropped it for some reason) and the tricky/conniving younger sister and the neurotic middle child main character who is a stock "have I told you how gay I am in the past 3 minutes" guy. That being said, I did find the show actually relatively entertaining to watch because there were things that threw a wrench in the works, like the parents are separated, but they still physically live together and the mom doesn't immediately accept that her son is gay, it seems like on most shows, characters either start out 100% okay with finding out that another character is gay, or they start out as a homophobic jerk who learns the error of their ways in a single episode, you almost never see a character where they're like "I love my son no matter what, but it's going to take me some time to come to terms with this".
[Yes it is](https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/540127)
3 miles as the crow flies from where I am now to the hospital where I was born. 4.7 miles driving.
Sir I am NOT a computer person!
The poor kid wasn't even born yet, but when I worked maintenance for a hotel, one of the housekeepers got pregnant by some random guy purely because having a baby would get her more welfare money. She openly admits to purposely getting pregnant for the welfare money. She glibly talked about how she would still drink, smoke, smoke pot, etc during her pregnancy because she didn't care about the child at all, it was just a paycheck for her. I ended up leaving that job before she gave birth but all that I can hope is that CPS swept in quickly and gave the poor kid a fighting chance at life with a family who would actually care about them.
Let's at least dismiss how quickly this tampa based source dismisses our National Championship.
[This sub...](https://i.imgur.com/Lxa3yrV.png)
He looks like Artie Lange without all of the hard drug use.
Yup, the lady in the next cubicle over for me was pushing one of the "health shakes" pyramid schemes a few months back and any time someone like sneezed or anything she'd say "that's because your food is FULL of chemicals!!! Now you should have a nice healthy shake instead.." It used to drive me insane!
The big thing I hate about Wikipedia is how there's a small cabal of "power users" who have way too much say over how pages are edited. For example years ago I created a page for a very influential Drum and Bass music producer. For many years, hundreds of different people edited the listing adding new info, etc. Then one day I got a PM from one of those power users saying that basically he doesn't like EDM so he feels that that producer isn't notable enough to have an article, and he deleted the article without any vote or anyone having any say over it.
It has to be one of, if not THE most destructive pyramid scheme. My grandparents had some friends actually lose their house over Amway back in the day.
The funniest part of the comparison is that climbing Mt Kilimanjaro is supposed to be pretty easy honestly. It doesn't require a lot of special equipment or anything, I've read that basically it takes like 7 days because you need to acclimate to the altitude, but it's 7 days of hiking on a slight uphill grade. Pretty much the only people who have died climbing it have been due to freak accidents (caught in a rockslide, stuff like that)
Same thing I do with anyone soliciting donations outside of a store. My fiancee always says that she feels mean for not acknowledging them, but I say they're the ones being rude soliciting strangers for money so I don't feel bad just walking right past them.
Come and join us over at /r/antimlm if you find these "businesses" to by predatory and terrible as well!
You must have hated the anime sequence in Kill Bill.
You probably wouldn't like it if you're not into excessive blood, Volume 1 is pretty much purely hyperviolence (if someone's arm gets cut off a 20 foot long stream of blood shoots out) and it has an about 20 minute long anime sequence which dials it up to 11.
If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best. Go Bulls/Ducks/Noles
And in Singapore, you've got [this dude.](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/720/media/images/71075000/jpg/_71075377_batman-suparman-02a.jpg)
I think it's not an uncommon Chinese name in general, there's a nail salon near my house called Tien Nails.
I was thinking of eating there just for the novelty of it when I was in Vegas, but the problem was that everything on the menu there seemed to be designed purely to be as high calorie as possible, not as "decadent" as possible, so most of it was just flat out unappealing to me.
I'm really enjoying how he makes Kale more "capable" in the manga than in the anime. Notice that she usually has more of a "dopey" expression (similar to Broly's when Paragus is controlling him) instead of a nervous/apprehensive expression. She does little things like using her super speed to steal the medal back from Cabba without Caulifla asking her to. Pretty much the only time she pulls a super timid Kale moment is when they're riding in that vehicle.
Well that’s probably the most offensive way possible of saying things.
That makes a lot of sense, the colorway I got is the same one listed in OP's link so no leather parts. I'd definitely say that they're more comfy than my 2.0 UBs. One thing to keep in mind, is that they definitely have a "chunkier" look when viewed from above, a bit wider and just overall "beefier" is the best way I could put it. [Here's a top down photo I just took comparing the right foot of each of them, these are both 10.5s for reference](https://i.imgur.com/P4PdxZP.jpg)
Reminds me of [this picture](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9b/Kansas_Saloon_Smashers.jpg)
Yes they are, to the point that the Transitions name has become a genericized trademark in the US like Q Tip or Band Aid.
Is the song already unlocked in Cannon Ballers, or is it just not possible to obtain once the machines have been upgraded?
So overweight white girls, and scummy brown guys are the norm?
Please tell me that was a Chris reference.
After the second episode, I believe this 100% the way she freaked out when he stayed out until 11 drinking ginger ales with his friend. I think she liked having a hot guy that she knew where he was 24 hours a day with no other women around. It was very telling how she forced him to get an iPhone clearly just so that she could keep track of his location as well.
That's something that bothered me, if you love someone, you wouldn't be like "lol they're terrible in bed!" on national television.
I noticed that James didn't wear his seatbelt when he was out buying flowers as well.
They definitely do exist, in my city there was a guy who got nailed in a police pedo sting trying to pick up kids on the internet. When the police searched his house, they found a full "sex dungeon" in his basement, thankfully he was caught before he could harm anyone, but it's still creepy as shit to think that this sort of thing happens in our own backyards.
&gt; there is an honor code among reps not to encroach on each other Yeah, tell that to the 3 or more boss babes who show up slinging lula at every craft fair in my area.
Literally heard that in my head the second I saw this picture.
They were especially hellish for us left handers. You couldn't even make out the writing afterward, the page would just end up one big smear of ink.
I feel like that generation is way too long, for example I'm 33 so technically I'm a millennial, so is some 20 year old kid who was born when I was starting high school, I always felt like it should be birth date 1981-1990: Generation Y. Birth date 1991-2000: Millennial.
I don't even get excited for it anymore. You know by now that it's going to be all stuff like "translucent green stapler 10% off!"
Just make sure your character has a Luck of 10 when you create them and you never have to worry about caps again. Go to each casino and play blackjack stupidly (Oh I have 19? Better double down! Oh look a 2, I win!) until they ban you, that easily gets you up over 30,000 caps. Then complete the Dead Money add-on and you end up with basically an unlimited supply of free Stimpacks which you can then hoard (they have 0 weight so carry as many as possible) and sell for a decent profit at any vendor.
I'm the same with SDV, similar with the Sims games as well. Like I'll get obsessed for a couple of weeks and it'll be all that I want to play, but then I'll get burnt out and put it aside for a few months and then repeat.
A Ferrari 488GTB, I always say that if I won the powerball or whatever, the first place I would go is to the Ferrari dealership, and then straight to a financial planner after that. I've just had a lifelong love affair with Ferraris, driving one is a major life goal of mine.
I've flown quite a bit (I used to travel frequently for work) and literally the only time I've ever heard applause after a landing was when the captain got on the intercom and announced that it was the first officer's final flight as a FO before being promoted to captain himself.
I think that's kindof the point though, I wouldn't date a sleazy criminal who I didn't feel like I could trust in the first place. I was telling my mom about Johnna and I couldn't imagine how stressful it would be to be in a relationship with someone who you don't trust so you have to spy on them constantly.
What I wonder about Futurecraft is the comfort, that's what really won me over with Boost midsoles, if the 4D stuff is as comfy as Boostt then I'm definitely a fan.
Same in MA, left on red is from a one way to a one way. Right on red is universal unless there's a "no right on red" sign
Yup, my mom sadly sells primerica and one time she got a letter in the mail from them saying that they were going to fine her if she kept posting things that weren't on the script (she'd take the scripted social media posts they gave to her and "personalize" them a bit). She was so pissed, she ALMOST ended up leaving over that, I really wish she did.
It's a problem with the organizers of the craft fairs being short sighted. My fiancee makes jewelry and sells it at craft fairs a few times per year. Some of these have turned so that they're nearly 100% people peddling pyramid scheme (I remember one where her and her mother were literally the only people there actually selling handmade crafts) the organizers love this in the short term because hey, if 3 different lulabossbabes want to pay the fee to have a stall, great, that's money in the organizer's pocket. The problem is that the more pyramid scheme vendors that show up. The less customers show up because people go to craft fairs to buy... crafts not pyramid scheme junk. Then as less customers show up, the legitimate crafters leave and then after the boss babes are finally sucked dry by their pyramid schemes, they stop showing up as well and suddenly the craft fair ends up having 1. nobody showing up to sell anything and 2. nobody showing up to buy anything. The smarter craft fair organizers have started banning people peddling pyramid scheme junk.
\#ad
Majin Buu attacks Uub colorized circa Age 784.
I don't even know why Kelly was introduced. I mean the whole "oh no, we accidentaly have a roomate of the opposite gender!" trope is ridiculously played out already. Plus, even on Degrassi we've seen a mixed-gender household work out just fine with Paige/Ellie/Marco/Griffin house. Then he becomes yet another pointless "Emma and Manny like the same guy!" guy, before (like usual) Emma ends up winning out. Then he dates her uneventfully until he finally leaves her unceremoniously after getting sick of her Emma-ness. Vijay really hasn't had enough plots yet for us to know anything about him. He's a member of the gaming club which I like because they remind me of the kids that I would usually hang out with when I was in high school. The only other thing we really know about him is that he likes making youtube videos of covers of Maya's songs and Maya acted like a complete diva over the whole thing.
Yup, I follow Richard Branson on Facebook and I hate how he CONSTANTLY PMs me and begs me to buy a new cellphone!
As someone who works in tech support I especially hate these types of commercials because really who they're appealing to are tech illiterate people "just get a friendly little iPad, you don't need the big scary computer box anymore!" then we end up with angry calls from people who don't understand that our full website doesn't work properly on their iPad because it's running a mobile OS instead of full MacOS or Windows and there are certain parts of the interface which are impossible to use by default on a touchscreen device (links you have to hover the cursor over, etc)
Central MA checking in here, I had never noticed it before, I always feel like European Portuguese people sound "angry" when they speak in English, and I think it's because of the sh zh thing. It can sound like they're talking through they're teeth which people usually only do if they're super mad.
Back before I was born my dad was full time rock musician for a few years. He's a drummer and he played in a band that played popular top-40 music mostly with a few original songs sprinkled in here or there. I know for a while his band was the house band at a night club on Martha's Vineyard (we live in Central MA, so he'd have to drive 2 hours to Woods Hole, then take the ferry to Martha's Vineyard set up at the club, play until like 2AM, break everything down, and head home he said they usually wouldn't get back home until like 5-6AM on Sunday.) Apparently they had these 2 big biker type guys that they hired as roadies/security and he said once they were over the guitarists house and all of the sudden the hear a shotgun blast, it turns out it was one of the roadies who was moving equipment in the garage, he saw a mouse and freaked out and so he pulled out a shotgun and tried to shoot it. I'm guessing that it would be significantly tougher to pull something like that off nowadays because clubs all just use DJs instead of live bands.
I don't know, my parents were present at the legendary Lashaway Bashaway back before I was born. My dad was a drummer in a rock band and they were playing this bar called the Lashaway Inn. My mom went because she likes live music and liked seeing my dad play, her friend Pat and Pat's sister, and Pat's husband went as well. Basically I guess what happened was between sets some drunk guy came over and started hitting on Pat's sister. Pat's sister told the guy to get lost but he kept bothering her, so Pat's husband intervened and told the drunk guy to go away. Drunk guy took exception to this and started swinging at Pat's husband, this quickly escalates into a full barroom brawl. My mom ran outside, My dad tried to restrain Pat so that she wouldn't get dragged into the brawl as well (he said that she peed her pants in the excitement) and the whole event went on to be known as the Lashaway Bashaway.
In my experience with cars that's 100% accurate. I used to hate working on Volkswagens because everything fit into the engine bay like a puzzle, you'd have to disassemble half of the damn engine just to change the battery.
Holy crap! I just assumed they cost like $5 or something, that's insane!
No my love, you forgot about the bland breakfast joint that Evilyn loves.
I recently learned that sleazy white girls say that if you mess with them they're going to "send their hitters" to take care of you from /r/trashy.
I recently flew Spirit for the first time because it was literally twice as cheap as the next cheapest flight, and I honestly didn't have any issues. The check-in agent was very friendly and offered great customer service. Because it's cheaper to check your luggage than keep it as a a carryon with them we just checked everything. The flights were no different than any other flight. An A320 is an A320 whether it's Spirit or American. I think the problem most people have with Spirit is when they book a flight and don't do any research, so they get shocked that they charge extra for things like carryons that other airlines include with the ticket price. Spirit is completely open on their website about this though, they say in large print how they have a low base ticket price by charging extra for addons like luggage and drinks on the flight. The worst I ever flew with was [Direct Air](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_Air). They were the only airline to fly out of Worcester Regional Airport for a few years, so I ended up flying them 3 rountrips. Out of the 6 flights, 4 were delayed, with one being delayed by over 24 hours. The aircraft they leased were heavily beat up 737s (I'm talking parts of the interior were literally held together with duct tape). It had that similar "dangerous" feel like Allegiant Airlines.
I honestly could see him being a "bad kid" because of how overly permissive Spike and Snake were with their parenting of Emma, think about all the crazy crap she got into. Pretty much Jack's whole life his dad has been the school principal, so I think he'd end up using that to his advantage similar to how Peter did.
I would 100% watch this, especially if there was a "face" player on the other team who comes after him with a folding chair halfway through the anthem.
Yeah, dad shoes are coming up hard right now. The most appealing ones to me are the Adidas Frieza Yung 1s from the upcoming DBZ collab.
It honestly sounds just vulgar for the sake of trying to be a shocking as possible. Like it legit sounds like it was written by a 13 year old who was trying to be as edgy as possible and just randomly threw together all of the most violent/disgusting imagery he could come up with.
I find things like this intriguing. My paternal grandfather served in the Pacific Theater of WWII. One day he was by himself in a field and he saw a Japanese Zero fighter bearing down on him, he figured that it was the end and quickly tried to make his peace with what was about to happen, but then instead of firing, the Japanese pilot just waved at him and flew away. If some random Japanese pilot hadn't been in a good mood that day I wouldn't be here right now.
As a tech support guy, I feel that I can confidently speak for anyone who works with the general public in saying that that's the most hopeful article on Wikipedia.
Honestly, that's exactly what I was thinking of, just more on the violent/disturbing side of edgy than the grossout side.
A neckbeard is the name for a guy who has terrible social skills while thinking that he's superior to everyone else. They commonly wear fedoras because they feel like it makes them more "classy" than everyone else (even though they wear the fedora with a stained graphic tshirt instead of a suit) The name comes from the unkempt facial hair that they frequently have (see [this photo](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/uncyclopedia/images/9/94/Neckbeards.png/revision/latest?cb=20120715223321)) basically you can think of Comic Book Guy from The Simpsons as a sort of proto-neckbeard. Many of them are also Nice Guys (they feel like because they hold the door open for a woman, that women owe them sex)
&gt; tried to dox me as “Katie Holmes” once That made my day! 😂
Unlike most people I'll happily admit that I'm lazy as hell. I would absolutely adore life if I could just chill and watch stupid videos on youtube and play video games all day long. Probably the best period of my adult life was the like 3 months that I was unemployed and I could just chill all day every day.
Don't forget the upper deck as well. In movies every aircraft is 2 stories tall. Get on a 737? They'll almost certainly have to fight their way to the flight deck which is on the 2nd floor.
The comic with Pepe is from 2005, that meme has been around for a long ass time.
I remember once I was in a lobby that had the nicest voicechat I've ever heard going on, players were all being courteous to each other, experienced players were helping out new players, it was unbelievable, of course after an hour or so a squeaker showed up and ruined it.
I wonder why that map doesn't include Playalinda Beach, that's the best spot for viewing certain launches.
Wat?
Call me boysenberry because I'm jelly. Insane find!
I mean she said right on the show that she had started dating the guy before the bar fight right? I'm guessing that there's more to this "bar fight" than meets the eye though, for him to get a 6 year sentence, I'm guessing he used a weapon (broken bottle or the like) or beat someone almost fatally.
Well I watch Degrassi, so that's pretty obviously made in Canada. In my day to day life, I have both a CF-18 Demo Team poster as well as an autographed Snow Birds poster in my cubicle at work. I don't even care if it costs me my American card, but I prefer the Snow Birds over the Thunderbirds or Blue Angels, I feel like they have better formation flying. Back in high school, I bought my skateboard deck from a mall in Quebec on a trip there, so I guess I was technically skating a Canadian board for a while. It's all good to me because Canada is clearly the USA's bestie :)
Jeezer, as a random American (who admittedly has a decent amount of Swedish Speaking Finn ancestry) I would have thought that Torvalds would have done a bit better.
&gt; Also, don't forget there is a cargobay that can generate some extra money. I've read that US based airlines make a large part of their profits carrying mail for the USPS.
It is what it is, sometimes good people let scumbags get their hooks into them and get taken for a ride. It's just a sad fact of life.
It's really interesting how MTV goes for a closeup to hide the "cult" video stuff in the background besides the "Everybody Dies" scene.
Well nothing left to do but to head to Vegas to track down Benny now I guess. In all seriousness though, what a moron the friend was, everyone involved was extremely lucky that he wasn't killed.
Seriously, all that I can imagine are a group of dudes walking around with dildos stuck to their heads demanding respect, this is no different.
I wouldn’t be at all surprised, just like those romance scammers always call their marks “my love” so that they don’t have to worry about mixing up names.
That was the most terrifying part was that throughout that morning different reported hijackings kept coming in. We had no clue if the attack was over or if it was still ongoing. Even then in the ensuing weeks, you never had any idea if there were going to be more attacks (and there actually were attempts, but luckily they ended up failing like the shoe bomber)
Like everyone else I feel hard pressed to find a difference between this screenshot and reality, but then again I've been fooled before, I remember when early XBox 360 era NBA games came out where the players sweated, I thought it looked 100% photogenic and those games look like PS1 games graphically to me now.
Here I was just thinking in pounds and I thought it would be a utopia where everyone except those with extreme eating disorders and children would be of at least roughly average intelligence, then you reminded me of stones.
Smokin wit cigawettes cracks me up every time, I still can't believe that kid was actually based on a real person.
I'm headed to Tokyo in August and definitely looking forward to hitting this place up, I've never actually been to a Supreme brick and mortar store before.
Hell, I remember when I was an edgy teenager, I tried to punch through a mirror like Heroin Bob from SLC Punk in a display of angst, it was a bathroom mirror/medicine cabinet from the mid 90s and I punched it as hard as I could, and all I got were sore knuckles, that mirror is still intact at my dad's house today 20 years later.
I mean isn't there a common TIL that the "tech people" from NCIS are in a competition with the tech people from a competing show to get the stupedist shit possible on the air, hence the "two idiots one keyboard" scene, and stuff like this?
The funniest part is that in my mind, I still imagine Arin being my height (5'10") and Dan being his real height, even though I know damn well that it isn't true.
With how obsessed with him some people get (paying hundreds of dollars for his play-doh characters just so that they could be a part of "Christory" etc) I wouldn't be surprised if he found a taker.
I fully believe this one, my sister said that one day she randomly watched a program on the Spanish language channel for some reason, and suddenly she started getting ads in Spanish on Facebook. One day I was talking about non-diamond engagement rings with a coworker, and within minutes my Facebook was full of ads for them.
Exactly, at the time of the later Apollo missions, NASA's focus was more on creating a reusable spacecraft, in fact while the Apollo 18 astronauts were on the lunar surface they were told that the STS program had just been approved and they seemed very happy about this fact. There were originally going to be 2-3 extra Apollo missions, but they were deemed unnecessary as we weren't really getting any more new relevant research at that point. So the hardware for those missions were re-purposed for diplomatic missions (Apollo-Soyuz Test Project) and the Skylab space station.
I still can't believe how primitive things were in the year I was born!
I don't really like fighting games so I don't follow the lineups for Smash, I find it incredibly strange that Waluigi isn't on there though, isn't he like a super popular dark horse Nintendo character?
I always thought the 'participation trophies' thing was hilarious, I distinctly remember one year where my youth soccer team lost every single game we played. At the end of the season the coach gave us trophies and medals, and I remember just thinking "why is he giving us this stuff, we didn't win?"
I don't know, the big reveal that the strongest Jedi was actually a goofy little swamp creature with a ridiculous voice? I feel like if Yoda was introduced today he would have been seen similarly to Jar Jar.
I still think it's weird that the top comment calls her out for being problematic toward asexual people, while ignoring the fact that she brought up race for no reason whatsoever.
That's the thing that I could never understand, my mom would say that she owned her own business, and then in the next sentence say that she was required to attend a meeting with her boss.
It's amazing to me how quickly Williams have fallen, I feel like if you asked this sub 4 years ago or so, they would have been one of the most popular teams.
As someone with a color vision deficiency, I absolutely adore Kodachrome photos because the colors actually look rich to me, it's how I imagine that most people see the color red normally.
I'm in a fishing club with some prime real estate on Cape Cod (my great grandfather and 3 of his friends scooped up the land super cheap after WWII), so basically because of this, I "have a place on the Cape" that I pay about $800 a year for. The club has a maximum membership of 150, but sons of members between the ages of 21 and 25 are eligible to become members as well. The last guy who made it into the club from the waiting list was put on the waiting list in 1992, if someone wants to be put on the waiting list and they're over 35, they tell them not to bother as they wouldn't make it in within their lifetime.
I don't know, back when I was a teenager, I got to fly on a Huey with CAP and had a blast. The kids who got to fly on Blackhawks all got windburn, so in my mind, I always think of riding in a Blackhawk as a bad time.
I really lucked out, I think it was the last year the Army unit at that base still operated Hueys (it was during our local encampment so we got a ride in ANG C-130s, Army Hueys/Blackhawks, and Army armored personnel carriers on the ground, getting a ride in a Pave Low is completely awesome though, I don't know if I've ever even seen one of those in person.
A road near my house has a few strip clubs, one of them has one of those fast food style "message signs" out front where they can put a message up. Usually it's something unremarkable "Hiring new dancers now" and stuff like that, but around major holidays they'll put up signs that say stuff like "Thanksgiving Party This Thursday!!!" and it makes me think, there are dudes out there who straight up have no family, and no friends. Nobody in the entire world even gives a shit if they live or die. They're so starved of having a human connection that the only way that they can find one is by going to a fucking strip club on Thanksgiving and paying women to pretend to care about them.
For anyone who doesn’t know, Ash’s actual name in Japan is Satoshi, Renaming him Ash is just one of the many Americanizations done to the anime/games.
I mean isn't any car great for hookers?
My god, for someone who considers himself pretty open minded, I've apparently done a lot less gay stuff than people here. The gayest thing I remember was taking a piss behind a bush with my childhood best friend and thinking it was crazy the way he could retract the head of his peenee (I'm circumcised, he apparently wasn't) or us "practicing humping" (fully clothed dry humping for approximately 1 second at a sleepover)
I wish they'd release a remaster of 1&amp;2, I absolutely adore all of the Fallout games from 3 on, but when I tried to play 1&amp;2 I just couldn't get past the clunky controls and found it hard to immerse myself. I've read how amazing they are though so I wish I could enjoy those games.
I learned that a "left handed cigarette" is an old timey name for a joint which I find hilarious for some reason.
/r/that_poppy I am not in a cult led by Poppy
I get asked it on a daily basis at work "how do I save?" the answer is "press the button that says "save". Working tech support for a well designed software system fucking sucks.
I find the concept of anything about flying a fucking fighter jet being "extremely boring" humorous.
That's actually pretty freaking cool though, my first thought "wow, it looks like a capsule from DBZ" after the expansion "Holy shit! It is a capsule from DBZ"
I think this works mainly because it causes you to seriously concentrate on something besides the hiccups. The other thing that always works in my opinion is thinking of the last time you saw a squirrel, which works for the same reason. Back when I used to smoke cigarettes, having a smoke always worked as well.
How are the south of France or the Spanish countryside godawful? They both look gorgeous to me. Or do you mean that they're godawful because they're not the finest place on the planet? (Claremont)
To be fair, I live in the US and this is true in my city too. Reddit likes to have a huge anti-police circlejerk and act like most US cops are complete psychopaths who are looking for any excuse to murder you, when in reality police are people just like anyone else, there are good ones and bad ones, unfortunately it's usually only the bad ones who make the news. A cop shoots a kid, it's newsworthy, a cop rescues a kid from an abusive household and it isn't.
I have this theory that the great depression is directly responsible for the current obesity epidemic. Basically the generation that lived through the depression remembers what it was like when food was scarce, so they really drilled it into their children that they should eat all of the food on their plate whether they were still hungry or not. This led to the idea of eating all of the food whether you want it or not becoming a cultural norm. Then the issue is that when portion sizes started growing, the extra food which was really meant to be taken home and eaten later would end up getting eaten by people who were already full.
I think the thing is that there are two perfectly valid ways of thinking about this. You think "why would someone leave their shoes on and tread dirt onto a clean floor" but you could also say "why would you take your shoes off and get your feet all dirty on the floor?" plus a lot of people don't like the look of feet and there are issues with foot odor as well. Not everyone in America wears shoes inside. Personally I always take my shoes off first thing when I get home. When I'm visiting someone else's home it's usually a 50/50 mix of people who take their shoes off or not, generally I look to see if they take their shoes off, if they do, I'll remove mine as well, if they don't , then I don't.
Putting shoes on furniture is considered pretty rude/taboo even in houses where people wear shoes inside in America.
Huh, I always just took the hit for denying someone that I shouldn't have (if I'm doing a moral playthrough)
Now I'm imagining his mom being one of those stereotypical Chinese tiger-moms bitching him out about being super disappointed that her son was only "8th best astronaut"
I really don't like this trend of larger AAA titles being released with MAJOR components missing and just the promise that they'll be introduced in the future (think GTA Online for GTA V, stuff like pools and toddlers in The Sims 3) it's allowing them to sell consumers a half finished project and then pat themselves on the back and act like they're super good guys for releasing a "huge free update" which really just contains stuff that should have been in the game from the release date. People bitch about stuff like South Park: The Fractured But Whole being delayed by over a year, but I'd rather wait an extra year and get a polished product than have something release as hot garbage, and then have to wait a year for it to really be playable anyway.
They could also avoid the whole issue of missions that have to start at a specific time of day with a system like GTA V where if you go to trigger the mission, it just quickly "warps" to the correct time of day. If one player in a group is already at the right time, great, if another isn't, they get the "warping to the right time" animation.
That's it for me too, it was actually before I saw the actual movie as well, there was a program, I think it was on the Discovery Channel, back in the 90s called "Movie Magic" and it was all about how they did the different special effects on different movies and I loved it and watched it every day, but then they had an episode dedicated to The Exorcist, a lot of it was pretty pedestrian stuff (how the used the motor from a turntable for the head twisting around scene, how they used the pea soup for the vomit.) But then they got into the scary looking stuff. I specifically remember them showing multiple makeup test shots of possessed Regan, some of them being even scarier IMO than the finished movie. That fucked me up so hard as a kid, I remember actually asking my parents if I could read their copy of the novel (they had one kicking around I noticed) and that actually made me a little bit less scared (I'm a pretty atheistic leaning agnostic, so it wasn't the concept of possession that scared me as much as it was the cinematography/imagery used in the movie) To this day I'll still say that's the only movie that I've ever found "scary" (usually horror movies rely too much on jump scares, so they're startling, not scary) The cinematography was so on point, that I just feel super unsettled just by watching the movie and I honestly don't like watching it to this day. I still fucking hate it when I come across a picture of the demon's face from the subliminal shots online as I think it looks scary as hell to me. I've got to give props to the actor as I don't think I've ever seen someone make a face with so much raw hatred IRL. Although it still does give you funny shit like this: (WARNING: That scary ass face from the Exorcist, turned into Oh Hai Mark!) [https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C-XeTo5W0AIiz_8.jpg:large](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C-XeTo5W0AIiz_8.jpg:large)
I fed her chems until she died pretty much as soon as possible \#sorrynotsorry
Danny posted on this sub that they recorded a lot of episodes of the game and he was having a blast with it, so I'm hoping this is just a hiatus.
Aren't the tops/backs of most arcade cabinets made of really thin particle board? How were they able to be walked on?
Exactly, people like to shit on Spirit, but my most recent trip was only a few days so a backpack was sufficient luggage for me, then I noticed that it was $40 extra to upgrade to their "big front seat" (their business class sized seats) and even with that extra $40 it was still cheaper than if I flew on a mainline carrier. They've always had good customer service in my experience as well. I feel like most of the complaints about Spirit are from people who don't read the website (where it says quite clearly) that they charge extra for carry-ons, drinks, etc.
Reminds me of when I was looking at prices for pre-owned Ferraris, you saw plenty of cars from like 5 years ago with less than 500 miles on the odometer, it was some rich guy's toy that he was afraid to play with and eventually sold off because he realized he wasn't even using it.
I'd say that mine fit TTS, they are a bit narrower than most newer silhouettes though, so I could see that being an issue with wider feet. I love these personally, but then again, when I was a little kid, my mom always said that when we went sneaker shopping, I'd make a bee-line for the loudest, most expensive shoes in the store, I guess some things just don't change.
I don't care about value, I just love that movie, the only thing I've ever picked up resale is a Kids ls tee.
My dad worked for a garage that did "Rusty Jones" treatments in his younger years. He said that the stuff worked great if applied correctly, but that took a lot of time/effort, so the guys who applied the stuff did it in a half-assed way where it didn't really end up being effective.
I've worked in tech support for many years now, I'd say that it's 90% Google proficiency, and 10% what Dilbert calls "the knack"
I recently took a trip to New Orleans, where they don't have the button and the walk signal just cycles with the traffic lights automatically, it honestly weirded me out a bit at first to not have a button to press, so I can see why they have them.
That happened to my sister once, she randomly watched a show on a Spanish language channel and her ads all switched over to Spanish. I had an experience where I had a conversation with a friend about non-diamond engagement rings and I started immediately seeing ads for them so I'd 100% believe this as well.
It's funny, I'm the exact opposite. I remember when I was a kid and I had to go to church and they said that you'd be in heaven forever, I found that thought terrifying, so when I got older and came to the conclusion that you just cease to exist, I found that a very comforting thought, you won't care when you're dead because you won't exist anymore.
That looks awesome! It's insanely well done.
A Saturn V launch most definitely would have been noticed, whenever one of those bad boys launched it registered on seismographs all the way in Virginia.
I have no clue honestly, I've only ever been to a Bojangles with like one other person in my party and we both just ordered individual meals, that sounds like a really low threshold though, like isn't 12 pieces pretty standard for a family meal? I've never heard of any fast food chicken place requiring advanced notice for that type of order.
Sounds kindof like a place in my hometown, they were called &lt;person's name&gt;'s Action Karate, and as far as I can tell, they tought more of a martial arts themed dance class than actual self defense. They used to march in all of the town parades and they'd stop every now and then and do a choreographed dance routine.
The little info packet that comes in a box of tampons. It had a drawing of a vagina, and that was the best I could do at the moment.
For those of us in our early 30s he’s Principal Schwinger from Pete &amp; Pete.
Or you can do the pro mode thing, and visit that hotel IRL. [View from my room](https://i.imgur.com/JK8RhgC.jpg)
It's happened to me a couple of times when I was just hitting the point of no return and something interrupted me at that exact moment. It's mildly disappointing, like stuff comes out, but there's no pleasure, and then you're just not horny anymore.
Controversial opinion: Catch 22. Not that I think it's a bad book by any means, I think it was actually really revolutionary, but I just couldn't get into it because of the "Seinfeld isn't funny" trope. Basically it was the first book to widely use paradoxical humor, which was a completely new concept at the time, but has been overused now. It led to great things like "the Gilligan cut" but if you notice, those things are mainly used now as a meta joke about the trope, because the joke itself is so played out. So I could imagine loving Catch 22 when it was first written, but today it's humor reads like "so how about that airline food?".
QA is funny too because certain things are so user specific that other users might not have even thought of it. Like I worked for a software company with a mapping component for our software. One of the things you could do on the mapping portion was to select by drawing a polygon and it would display the area of the selection that you made. It never calculated right for me, but worked out fine for everyone else. We eventually figured out that the other people testing were drawing their polygons in a "clockwise" direction, but I was drawing mine counter-clockwise and that was where the issue was.
It's not in a hun's best interest to be openly racist though. When my mom was in primerica about half of the people in her "office" were super recent immigrants who didn't know what a pyramid scheme was yet, and were bamboozled into thinking that they had lucked into the American Dream right away.
Well it may be old, but at least it clearly has Waluigi like any civilized console would.
That was my first thought, Pogs were elementary school, N64 was middle school, and Pokemon cards/GBC was high school.
They're making me believe more and more seriously my conspiracy theory that the people on the top of the pyramid are psychopaths who not only want the money from their downlines, but also the power to know that they can manipulate them into totally humiliating themselves.
I'm agnostic, but I'd still like to have my kids baptized if I have any just so they have the option to have religion in their life if they want it. Plus it would keep my religious family members happy while having no ill effect for the kids.
That's still not quite right. Down the Cape would be the most accurate.
Fuck it, lets change the name of the whole country to The United Dakotas of America. Then we can start awesome UDA UDA chants.
I don't know, I can think of at least one instance of Goku (accidentally) shoving Chi Chi through a wall. I can't remember any canon instances of Chi Chi actually getting physical with Goku, it's just the implication is always there.
Multiple times, practically the whole point of RoF was hammering it into Goku "Frieza is bad news, just fucking kill him already" and yet still Super ends with Frieza alive and openly admitting that he's going to do more supervillian stuff yet again.
I always say that if I ever became a celebrity, I'd agree to a cameo on Law and Order, but just as a minor role (as the bartender who they ask for information and ends up on screen for like 2 minutes only, or that sort of thing) because it struck me once watching an episode and Robin Williams showed up, I was automatically like "huh, so I guess Robin is the murderer in this episode"
I thought that film was excellent! It reminded me of Breaking Bad where you start out pitying the main character, and end up strongly disliking them by the end.
I don't think Roy actually was a scummy guy, he just wasn't romantically compatible with Pam, but neither of them were willing to end the relationship purely out of convenience. I think this is most clearly visible in the episode where Pam has the art exhibition and Roy shows up and is like "your art is the best art" or something like that, he wanted Pam to be happy, but he's just not the type of guy who "appreciates" art. Further evidence is when Roy later does seem to successfully get married. The only really "scummy" things Roy does is when he would rather spend time with his friends than with Pam, and again, that boils down to the two of them being incompatible, once he found a woman who he was compatible with, everything was fine.
His future wife? At least he did naht hit her!
I've been saying that for years! Not that Gabriella and Troy are villains, they just pick up a new hobby, but I can fully understand Sharpay being really upset after she's dedicated her life to theater, it's her only focus, and then Superman and Mary Sue show up and are instantly better than her at something she's been practicing her entire life for. I honestly feel bad for her more than anything.
The thing I like about Tom and Jerry is that Tom actually "wins" some episodes, usually in those animal vs. animal cartoons, one of them always loses. I would have loved it if the Coyote actually caught the Roadrunner from time to time, but then just didn't even know what to do with him so he just cut him free.
For real, aviation is something where if you fuck up, you'll die, so it's important to follow safety rules 100%, having a flagrant disregard for them like Maverick makes you a dumbass not a badass.
Taiwan is really big on having anime-style mascots, my sister is there right now and sent me [this picture](https://i.imgur.com/FyVQKWJ.jpg) of the mascots for the subway system in the city that she's in. They actually went as far as coming up with a backstory for them and everything (from left to right, they're a train driver, ticket saleswoman, engineer/maintenance, and customer service) they have a small store there where they sell different merchandise and books about the characters as well. Edit: They're apparently popular enough to have their own [Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K.R.T._Girls) as well.
I feel like this whole MBTI Personality Types thing is super pseudoscientific (I can practically hear Ninja Brian screaming "that's bullshit" at this video from the East Coast) Like I've taken those test a bunch of different times, and for me at least, the only one that's consistent is Introverted, the rest change depending on mood. I just took the same test in the episode and I got 80% Introverted, but basically 50/50 for all of the others. I feel like any boss who makes decisions based on a free online test is probably a fool anyway.
I'm digging it, I like how they both seem to genuinely be "into" this game. I agree that Detroit was gold though, so I hope that after another couple of one-off episodes in the other timeslot, they go back to their play through of that. Given the timeline given in game for Monster Prom they're over halfway through that so it would only be a few more episodes if they play it through to completion (I'm gonna pre), so hopefully then that timeslot will be free for whatever's next.
All that's missing is the "liked by **toborowsky_david**"
Back when I was in college there were a spate of armed liquor store robberies in my city. Apparently one day the robber picked the wrong store though and the owner produced a shotgun of his own and pumped the robber full of lead. A fun side story is that during that time, the dude who grew up across the street from me was just starting out as a police officer, he pulled over a shady looking guy who matched the description of the robber, and it turns out that it wasn't the robber, but the guy did have a gigantic bag of heroin, so my buddy was able to make a huge heroin bust like his first week on the job.
I grew up in Massachusetts and I've never heard of someone being responsible for snow removal on sidewalks in front of their property. The sidewalk is considered town property, so the town is responsible for clearing them. In the city where people use on-street parking, people will clear their own parking spot on the street, and then "mark it as owned" by putting chairs/cones/other objects to block other people from parking in the cleared spot. It's unclear whether this is technically legal, but it was widely practiced, and if someone stole a spot that someone else had cleared and marked, the spot stealer would be widely considered to be in the wrong.
When order the kung pao chicken at Panda Express and they're like "you know that's spicy and has peanuts right?"
I recently stayed at a hostel in New Orleans where a lot of European people stayed, and I'd say that the Norwegian dude was very easy to understand, he had an accent that I would call unmistakably "European" but he spoke perfect English and was honestly probably easier to understand than most British/Irish people I spoke with there.
I'm pretty sure it's an F-14, note that an [F-14 cockpit](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/d4/94/07/d4940772af871150b0cefa3dc0127117.jpg) has the same hand hold in the center, whereas [F-4 cockpits](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/da/c8/74/dac874dcc732ca8d0eabca1ea1e3cd33.png) have a row of bolts in that same place.
I feel like anyone who lets their behavior be dictated by the cast of Jersey Shore is probably pretty damn stupid to begin with.
Back when I was in high school, I went to visit my dad, and we drank a few beers and watched [this episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aryfbalkoQc) on VHS, it hit me as being about the funniest thing ever.
I was under the impression that IGN gave out ratings to AAA titles similar to Homer Simpson as a food critic (my lowest rating ever 7 thumbs up)
&gt; And being an hour away from a major city makes no difference. This is so true, I had an ex who lived in a tiny town an hour away from the city I lived in in Massachusetts, and in her town you saw nothing but Trump signs on lawns, it was 100% culturally different from the city an hour away.
I agree 100%. I got into this show after hearing about it midway through season 1. My dad had recently married a woman from Brazil (she was already in the US so no K1 visa though), and I thought it was interesting seeing what some other couples went through with coming from different cultures. I'd say the show probably peaked for me around season 2-3, after that it started sliding rapidly away from being a "documentary" type of program towards being the pure drama program that we have this season. I always like to use the example of the earlier seasons being like a delicious cake, with your Dani and Mo couples being the frosting, now the show is just a disgusting sickly sweet lump of frosting and it's a major turnoff. I honestly haven't even bothered watching the past 2 episodes because I can just read what happens on here anyway.
Yup, I grew up in Worcester and when I was a teenager I would take the commuter rail into Boston relatively frequently for concerts and things like that. It was a lot easier to get your parents to give you a 5 minute ride to the train station than an hour long ride to the city.
I think I had a field trip to prison around middle school, possibly as part of the DARE program, I think it was just meant to be a "don't mess with drugs or you'll end up here" type of thing. They didn't have inmates screaming in our faces like scared straight or anything, but they did have inmates talk with us about how shitty it was to be in jail and how drugs ruined their lives.
They decided to do away with salt in the cafeteria (in yet another misguided attempt to "be more healthy") so the hot item were salt packets. There was a McD's across the street from my high school and kids would regularly sneak over there to grab up as many salt packets as they could.
All I can say is that I really really hope that they do end up doing the second quest as well, I just can't get enough of Danny playing original Legend of Zelda.
I remember we did recorders in 4th grade, and then were given the option to play a "real instrument" if we so chose starting in 5th grade. They told us that if we were good/liked the recorder that they suggested saxophone as I guess they have similar fingerings. I decided to follow in my dad's footsteps and play the drums though.
I'd go around just casually with my hands down my pants touching my dick. Like you know how it's comforting to just kindof hold onto your cock and balls in a completely non-sexual way? Like if you're just relaxing watching TV or whatever? I used to do that as a little kid practically all the time. I still super cringe now when I think about how I was like 4 and visiting a friends house, and his mom kept asking me if I had to pee because I realized in retrospect it was because I was just casually walking around with my hand down my pants.
I don't usually buy Tostitos but I did the last time we were in the Fiesta Bowl, I won't be buying a PS4 this year probably, but I still might buy some Tostitos just because nachos are yummy and all.
I may be in the minority but I actually liked his characterization a hell of a lot better in the book than in the movie, it seemed much more realistic (even if the even further out zany adventures of the book didn't) I also thought it was interesting how in the book whenever Forrest "lost Jenny" it was generally because he fucked something up, not just because of cruel twists of fate like in the movie.
I feel like that's 100% different, like if I buy something and the cashier is like "ooh, I love &lt;product&gt; too!" that's something nice and pleasant. The time I bought a bag of chips and the kid was like "These contain Red Dye 42, don't you know what that stuff does to you? I have some pamphlets..." that's very different.
Pixyteri may have gone quiet, but her spirit lives on to this day.
Wild, and by far the longest year of my adult life. I started out the year in the loving grasp of functional alcoholism (I'd drink until I passed out every night, but I'd at least make it to work the next morning). I was dating a woman who had severe mental illness (anxiety and OCD) which had gotten worse to the point where she was no longer interested in having any sort of physical relationship anymore. In the spring, my mom (who had been fighting pancreatic cancer) was given a clean bill of health, only to end up dying a month later when the cancer suddenly came back. I had broken up with that girl a month or so before that as well. In the summer I decided I was finally going to leave the cold terrible place behind forever and move to Orlando like I had always wanted to do, so I put everything I could fit into my car and got rid of everything else. I drove down to Florida, and then a week later left for a 2 week trip to Japan (I had a bit of money in my pocket from the life insurance, so I figured I'd finally take the overseas trip I've always wanted as well). I had an amazing time, and for the first time in my life, I was happy when returning from a vacation because I was returning to somewhere I loved instead of somewhere I hated. Since moving down here everything has been going so amazing that I literally can't believe it sometimes, I met the most incredible girlfriend I've ever had shortly after moving here, I love where I live, I just got a great new job, I can go to EPCOT on any tuesday night just because I feel like it. The weirdest thing to adjust to is NOT wanting to die (like I have to start actually care about what I eat because I don't want to have a heart attack or stroke now).
&gt; It gets really confusing for a foreigner if they don't see the number written down. Exactly, my dad's wife is Brazilian, and he quickly learned that it's best to make numbers as clear as possible (for 2,500 he'd probably say "two, five, zero, zero")
If you want, you can make the 350z look ~~fairly clean.~~ like a methed out version of Lightning McQueen. FTFY
&gt; he was waxing on about how many vacations his “boss” takes That's one thing I never understand about pyramid schemes, the people work their ass off while bragging about how rich their "boss" is. It used to make my livid when my mom would be working her ass off trying to sell primerica crap, and then she'd proudly show me a new car that her "boss" just bought with her hard work.
break me off a piece of that..... foot ball cream?
My guess is that the 35% are just really nice people who feel bad for Kareenee or something and that none of them would actually pay money for this though.
I just started a new job last week as a QC guy at a company that makes industrial lasers. I mainly test out markers (laser units that are used to make engravings on metals mostly) it's a pretty cool job, and even though it's pretty different from my IT background in a lot of ways, there are a lot of similarities too, but I get to be more "hands on" which I enjoy.
I think the placement is fixed, I just checked mine and it is identical.
This guy who worked for the IT Department back in university. He always wore heavy sweaters, even in the peak of the summer heat, when he was often outside lugging around CRT monitors (yeah I know I'm aging myself) and other heavy items, so he was constantly literally dripping with sweat, like he had big droplets dropping off of him all over the equipment constantly. On top of that he seemed to have absolutely no filter. I'm not talking like your Aunt Susan who claims to have no filter after a glass of wine, I'm talking like he had absolutely 0 cares about any social norms. Because of this he loved to curse like a sailor constantly, no matter who was around. He'd walk into a Women's Studies class in the middle of a lecture to set up an overhead projector (which he exclusively referred to as "one eyed whores") and he'd be like "come on you fucking son of a cuntmuscle, fucking one eyed whore!" while dripping buckets of sweat everywhere as the professor and students all looked on in horror.
I actually felt like that scene was super accurate in that it showed a bunch of kids who just took Psych 101 their freshman year of college and now they all think that they're serious intellectuals because of it. You tend to see that sort of thing all the time IRL in my experience, it's like the second someone learns who Abraham Maslow was they feel, at best, the need to put on a tweed jacket and start smoking a pipe or something, and at worst, the need to put on the fedora and explain to everyone how superior they feel that they are. The other answer (which tends to ring true for pretty much all Degrassi plots) is that the scene exists to forward the plot. Manny still feels self concious about not going to college, and this scene exists to make her look/feel like an outsider.
I liked KC a lot because I thought he was a bit unique in that he was a smart kid while not being a "nerd". I wish he wasn't written off the show so abruptly. I also think that KC's mom is a [stone cold fox](https://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/degrassi/images/7/77/Robin_brule_2194865.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20111129211556), she'll always be my biggest Degrassi crush.
That's something weird that I've noticed with this show, a lot of the people seem to be stunted at whatever age they were when they went to prison. Like Johnna's dude last season, he was in his mid 20s, but he seemed to still act just like a 16 year old high school kid.
&gt; The ailerons were eliminated to make room for the flaps That was the most interesting part to me. I've noticed that a lot of modern fighters use differential movement of the horizontal stabilizers for roll control, and I wonder how much comes from that versus the ailerons now.
I absolutely adored TechTV, and I honestly feel like my IT career was largely due to what I learned from that network. They had a tour and came to my city back when I was in high school, I got to meet Adam, Morgan, and Cat Schwartz, it was cool as hell
Yeah, I think this is one of those “facts” that is greatly dependent on location, like you always hear that the “door close” button in elevators doesn’t do anything, but I worked for a hotel back in college where the door wouldn’t close until you press that button (my guess was to make it easier to deal with luggage)
Girl in the center looks like she’s about to tell you about Darth Plageius.
15 years later: Timmy is nervous before starting the first day of his new job so he opens his flask and takes a big swig of his “Smirnoff good feelings potato oil” so that he can make it through the morning.
One thing that confused me a bit when I first moved here, the DMV isn't called the DMV/RMV here, it's just called the Tax Collector's office, so if you see that you're in the right place.
My first thought. It’s kindof sad, the word entrepreneur used to mean someone like Richard Branson or Bill Gates, now if someone says they’re an entrepreneur my first thought is “so are you a drug dealer or in a pyramid scheme?”
An improvement over smearing coffee all over her eyes though. Girl could have spent $5 at CVS on makeup and it would have been an improvement as well.
I thought that was interesting, like not even the "facebook functional alcoholic lady" obsessing over wine or a cutesy "got anything harder than this?" she was just straight up like "give me liquor"
He has that "I drove a desk in the Marines for 2 years 20 years ago so everyone should worship me like the hero that I am" thing going on. I have nothing but respect for veterans, but it just rubs me the wrong way when you have someone who uses their military service as a tool to fish for compliments. The absolute worst for that was a guy I used to work with who washed out 2 weeks into Air Force basic training, but he used to talk about "his time in the service" to anyone who listened, it was borderline stolen valor at that point.
Hello there from Orlando! One thing that we have in abundance here is the Panda Express chain, I love this place because their fried rice doesn't have onions in it. For a more Floridian chain, we have a place called Pollo Tropical that is very good, someone on here swore that they had onions in the black beans from there once, but I've never come across that problem before. In general America is usually very good about allowing customization, so if you see something on the menu that sounds good, but it includes the devil's bulb, you can just request it without onion and they'll be happy to make it for you that way.
I started when I moved to Orlando, I don't know why I started doing it to be honest, but it just makes me feel more like I have my shit together. Now it's become habit and I feel antsy if I've been awake for too long without making the bed.
Well this is a bold strategy to get gilded, let's see if it plays out.
But the more important question is would you take a slap in the mouth for a discounted Publix sub?
My favorite Chuck Yeager anecdote was after fellow test pilot Scott Crossfield had a failure of the hydraulic brakes while taxiing an F-100 and crashed through the wall of a hangar at Edwards AFB, Yeager said "The sonic wall was mine the hangar wall was Crossfield's"
Is... is this a thing? I've literally never seen fake deer used, except for archery targets.
Back before Netflix there was a channel called Nickelodeon Games and Sports where they used to show like 3 hour long blocks of old Nick game shows from the 80s and 90s commercial free. I remember that was when I first noticed that I would actually subconsciously tense up at the beginning of a "commercial break" That was something that took a few years of Netflix/Hulu being commercial free to go away.
Chiaotsnoo please!
All of her online aliases are stereotypical Jewish names. She thinks it makes her sound more affluent/respectable
right-handed Razer Deathadder Elite here, I've been using computer mice since the late 1980s and I only ever used them with my right hand so now it's 100% what I'm used to.
Blackjack in Fallout New Vegas when your Luck is at 10. Dealt an 18? better double down, you'll almost certainly pull a 3.
Those were soooo good!!! I used to adore them back in the early/mid 2000s
&gt; Both flights are on a Embraer ERJ-175. So one thing to assuage your fears is that you're flying on an aircraft that has never experienced a fatality. Another is that as someone with a love of flying, I can honestly say that aircraft is my favorite type of narrow-body airliner to fly on, they're extremely comfortable and feel much roomier than an A320/737 IMO due to them having 2x2 seating instead of 3x3.
My dad's wife is Brazilian so he's experienced with this because they usually fly down once a year or so to visit her family, a lot depends on the airport that you're flying to, I know that flying into Brazilia they only allow 2 checked bags, but I think if you fly into Rio you can have 6.
&gt; point to some random thing near us and ask me what color it is I can't stand this, you're right it happens all the time, and to me, it's no different from going up to someone in a wheelchair and saying "can't walk eh? why don't you try to walk for me!" A funny thing happened once though, there were a bunch of cables lying around and my buddy was like "can you hand me the green cable?" There were about 3 that I would think "could be green" at a quick glance (a green one, a tan one, and a brown one I think) so I was looking at them for a minute trying to figure out which one to grab and my buddy got all mad because he thought I wasn't handing him the cable just to be a dick after completely forgetting that I was colorblind.
Yup! Back when I lived in MA the 7-Elevens there were standalone stores without gas stations, but all of them here have gas stations.
I think there was a Mythbusters episode about that and they said that it was nearly impossible to play fruit ninja IRL.
That time I walked into a Toys R Us and walked through the whole entire store and nothing excited me. That really REALLY hurt me, luckily like 10 years later it came back and now I'll still get excited again about a sweet Lego set.
A big one was the first time a friend was like "my wife is pregnant" and my first reaction was to offer a hearty congratulations instead of a "shit dude, what are you going to do???"
&gt;1998 when you were in first grade Or you know, high school for us real oldsters.
I figure you always have to take a funny tweets about a video game with a grain of salt. There was one about Rollercoaster Tycoon once where I knew for a fact that they were describing something that couldn’t actually happen in the game, but it was still a pretty funny joke.
Yup, I'm a September baby and there are quite a few others I've known born right around the same time, and I've always assumed the same.
I used to own an RX-8, I always compare it to dating a supermodel with a big drug problem, I loved that car, but man was it a pain in the ass. It would have the "hot start" issue where if the engine was hot it would lose compression so you couldn't start it until it cooled off for a half hour or so.
I can say that I'm from Orlando, I'm lucky in that it's one of the 5 or so cities that people will tend to recognize no matter where they're from.
&gt; WHAT YOU’LL BE WHISTLIN’ *WHAT ALL Y'ALL'L BE WHISTLIN'
Reminds me of the shirtless photos of that crazy ass alex jones dude.
It's a problem I've had with The Sims 4 for the past year or so, I'll get all excited every time a new game pack or expansion pack is released, purchase it, and play it for 2 hours before getting bored with the new gameplay mechanics.
I went on a very similar trip (Tokyo, Kyoto, Hiroshima) last year. I'm not sure how you feel about streetwear, but I was very impressed with the Bape stores in Japan. They had probably the best customer service I've ever experienced, so I'd highly suggest checking one out. For clothes to bring, the one thing that I'll say is that it will be HOT there. I live in Florida and I was shocked at how hot Japan was in the summertime. So I'd wear more loose fitting clothing (I noticed this seemed to be popular with people there as well) I know you mention looking for more tailored stuff, but it's just too damned hot to wear anything to fitted/tight there at that time of year.
&gt; The engage me...for donations lol. That's seriously a major problem. I had an ex who went to UMass for undergrad, and she ended up actively cheering against them for athletics because the only interaction she had with them after graduation was them constantly begging her for money.
I think the main thing that hurts us is that there are a lot of interesting things to do in Orlando. How many things are there to do on the average weekend in Lincoln Nebraska? Compare that with Orlando where you have Disney World, Universal Studios, Busch Gardens, Kennedy Space Center, Space Coast beaches, Gulf Coast beaches, and other attractions all within an hour's drive. I know I had to make a hard decision to skip EDC Orlando to go to the UCF/Navy game last season.
It's pretty awesome TBH, plus it's like an $80 round trip flight from nearby KMCO :)
I always wonder if there are things like this that mess with people who have different alphabets trying to learn ours, like "come on, i and j are like the same damn thing!"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-oNWtAKNfk
&gt; The U.S. is the biggest dog there has ever been. I mean is that even true? It seems like it today just because it's all that we've know within our/our parent's lifetime, but wouldn't you say that arguably the British/Roman/Mongol Empires were "bigger dogs" in their prime?
&gt; Don’t mention Tampa please, I hate it there I already think that you'll fit in just fine in our city.
This is something that I've actually done a lot of research into. I was born in MA, but I've always had an affinity for all things warm and southern, so I've been a bit obsessed with palm trees ever since first seeing them on a trip to Walt Disney World when I was 4. Back when I was in college, I took a roadtrip to Florida for spring break, and brought back a potted [Serenoa Repens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serenoa) and managed to keep it alive for over a year in MA (I brought it inside in the winter and kept it near the window for sunlight when it was too cold to be outside). One thing I noticed on roadtrips was that while travelling on I-95 South (the main North-South highway in the Eastern US) that you'd start seeing palm trees on display regularly about halfway through Virginia. This is right around the same point where I'd say that it starts feeling like you're in "The South" in general as well. Somewhere in southern North Carolina you start noticing natural Sabal Palmettos on the side of the road which weren't planted there on purpose.
Video games, I've played video games extensively as far back as I can remember, when I was a very small child I'd play on my parents or my uncle's Intellivision, When I was like 6 my parents got me my first NES for Christmas. I never really thought much about it or considered myself a "gamer" until college when I realized that I'd take days off from work when a game that I anticipated came out and stuff like that. I still would say that I average at least 1 hour of playing video games per day, but realistically I'd say that talent wise, I'm at best average at games. I mostly prefer to just let myself get immersed in the fantasy of a game, so I play them on the easiest difficulty nowadays.
Ayy, Ross is in my hometown apparently! :)
Umm, that's clearly Cinderella Castle.
Yup, here most of the British tourists I see are families here to go to Disney. My dad lives in Kissimmee and in his condo complex, a lot of people rent their units out to tourists, so he sees/talks to tourists from all over the world pretty frequently and they're all pretty chill. The only downside is that they don't know how to deal with alligators, there used to be an alligator that lived in the pond there, but the tourists kept feeding it so it lost it's fear of humans and the complex had to have it ~~turned into nuggets and a handbag~~ sent to a nice farm upstate.
Disney is surprisingly far behind on payment methods, their card readers don't even read chip cards yet. Magicband payment is limited to hotel guests (trust me, I wish I could just have my debit card linked to my Magicbands, but you can't do that yet)
Did anyone else notice that when he was cutting the Udon noodles, the Japanese people inexplicably all started singing the FamilyMart jingle? I'm actually a bit surprised that they didn't touch on konbinis at all.
That's okay, I'll drink enough of both for you :)
Nice! Makes me want some freedom and some chicken strips!
Away games can be a completely mixed bag, I attended two away matches against the Revolution back when I was living up north, at one the away section was completely full (tons of SG people there, including drums, etc. Well over 100 other Orlando supporters) I'd say that the away section was more loud than the New England SG section. I went to another game there though were there were almost no Orlando supporters there though, like me and maybe 2 other people yelled KNIGHT during the anthem and that was it for example.
I don't know, every quik-e-mart here has a "you have to be 21 to buy tobacco/nicotine" signs up, and they have since around New Years.
One time my girlfriend and I were going to [Gatorland](https://www.gatorland.com/) the next day, and I was like "yeah, it's great, you can get gator nuggets there and everything!" and she was instantly super weirded out by the idea of going to see live alligators, and then immediately eating gator meat, I had never really thought about it as being weird though.
And the girl who played the head Purple Dragon girl was Lily on RFR too! And the guy who played the ice cream seller who tried to make fun of Terri was Ray on RFR too!
I like these a lot. I don't think they taste anything like the actual Reaper Ranch sauce, but they're good in their own way.
I remember once on the radio they were talking about this show and they mentioned that they weren't going to call it by name because there had been other radio shows/stations who did get in trouble for saying the name.
In the movies she had the same problem as Darth Maul did. Awesome character design, limitless potential to have an interesting story, and then, oops, they're gone before they actually do anything.
Probably for the best, there was a guy who stuck his hand into the water on Pirates of the Caribbean at WDW and it did end up getting smashed between the boat and the wall.
If she's brand new to it, maybe get the rest of your family to see if they can have an intervention for her. With sunk cost fallacy, the longer someone is in a pyramid scheme, the more likely they are to stay, so if you catch them really early on you at least stand a chance, otherwise, you just have to wait it out.
My girlfriend comes from a family of "that kind" of Christians (she's not one of them herself thankfully) but it's pretty shocking to see what that subset believes. Hypocracy runs rampant, it's fine to beat the shit out of your kids, but it's immoral to smoke a joint according to them. Someone who devotes their life to helping others can be a terrible person if they haven't "accepted Jesus as their lord and savior". I honestly find Darcy's behavior pretty realisistic for somone like that. The only time I ever really hated Darcy though was when she tried to metoo Snake after gaining her creepy obssesion with him after she refused to seek the professional help she clearly needed.
When the light turns green, but the idiot on his cellphone in front of you doesn't realize it for a full 5 seconds.
My girlfriend is the same exact way, hates onions, but loves that chip flavor, I just can't understand it personally as even onion dust makes me want to gag.
It mostly isn't Florida drivers who can't drive here, it's confused tourists who get scared when it rains a bit, so they turn their hazard flashers on, their headlights off, and drive at 10MPH in the leftmost lane on I-4, or who realize that they need to be 4 lanes to right, so they divebomb across 4 lanes of traffic 10 feet before an intersection on Kirkman.
Damn, I didn't expect to see the semi-obscure correct answer so high up!
Everytime I drive past it I have to stop just to grab a couple of quick pictures and buy a refrigerator magnet or something. It's definitely fallen off hard over the past 15 years or so though. Back in the early 2000s it was still super tourist/gimmicky but it seemed like a lot more people went there and maintenance was better. Now it seems like they just completely ignore any upkeep issues, the whole little amusement park they have has fallen into disrepair and been abandoned.
We went to Cafe du Monde at like 3AM after spending the night on Bourbon, it wasn't crowded at all and some nice coffee and beignets was an amazing way to end the evening before heading back to the hostel for the night.
Not generally, I had enough drinks in me that I had no trouble getting to sleep that night though
Cool! Emirates sent some A380s here a few years back right? I wonder why we don't see more of them if the airport has capacity, I'm surprised we haven't seen any flights from BA on A380s.
It's a fun time, we did it a month or two ago on a whim when we got to HS early for ROTR.
One time I saw a random woman wearing that Breath It In shirt in the market, I had to stop and do a double-take.
He actually wasn't originally supposed to play Sgt Hartman, he was just working on the movie as a consultant, but after they had him give an example of the type of monologue that a Marine drill sgt would give, the movie people were so impressed that they hired him to actually play the part in the movie.
That looked pretty smooth to me given the winds, was that the stall horn directly as you touched down? That's usually indicative of good airspeed control on landing right?
Win it for $25, sell it to the guy in the article who offered $125M.
Quoth this post: "while an Asian is never more than a sex object" so no, no they don't view Asian ladies as people.
Having a date with Palmela Handerson.
I forgot I had a pack of those Supreme Ludens until I had a really sore throat from a cold last year, they actually really helped.
I've seen them twice (1996 and 2008) and both concerts had 30+ minute feedback jams, I think it's just kindof expected of a SP live show by now.
I'd have to imagine that it's just some random dude who took an unfortunately cringey high school senior portrait picture thinking that he looked like a cool ninja or whatever and then people plastered the text onto it later.
Damn, 3 days at WDW seems like a super short period of time to fly halfway around the world for.
Alright my post will contain some spoilers so don't read it if you don't want to. When we went on ROTR there was a kid in the car in front of us who kept pulling out a lightsaber (despite multiple instructions from CMs not to do that before boarding, so they had to EStop the ride about halfway through. After a short (maybe 2 minutes top) delay, the ride then continued, but none of the animatronics were functioning anymore. When we got off of the ride we informed the exit CM what happened, so they ushered us backstage (this part was kindof interesting at least, last warning, spoilers follow) &gt;!and they brought us directly to the part where you get on the shuttle. We went through that section, but when we got to the Star Destroyer bay part, it was completely full of people, aparently they were working on getting the ride part back up so they were just having people congregate there. It really messed with the immersion of that part to have it full of multiple shuttles worth of people, and then maybe 3 more shuttles worth of people after us showing up before the ride was back up and they let us leave the bay.!&lt; The ride functioned normally after that, but for me the immersion was totally destroyed.
I like how his name sounds like someone who would fly an X-Wing for the Rebellion.
Livin' in Beantown is wicked pissah!
Nope, you'd have to raise your hand for the teacher to call on you, but if they did, you'd just answer the question from your desk. The only time you'd have to standup is if you had to go up to the chalkboard for some reason (solving an equation on there in math class and stuff like that)
Has that ever worked like that? My only experience with votekick was having it happen to me when I was driving to the casino to spin the wheel nowhere near any other players 10 seconds after I had connected.
Right after Dorian missed us was as close to an off season as I've seen. Smuggler's Run was a consistent 15 minute wait despite having just opened.
I liked how when you used the "bullying" interaction on him, he'd just immediately piss his pants.
You have to go in the early morning. Recently my girlfriend and I went for 4 parks one day after getting our boarding groups for RotR at HS, we rode Tower of Terror and then went to MK right near opening. We were able to ride one of the Main Street automobiles for the first time ever. The CM mentioned that they usually had to end that by mid morning.
KC's mom is legitimately my biggest Degrassi crush. I guess that's what happens when you get older lol
We caught them right near the train station at the beginning of Main Street, I think you can catch a ride from the end of Main Street back to the entrance as well.
An odd one that I had after moving here was finding out that getting Chinese takeout on New Year's Eve was apparently a Massachusetts specific thing. Up there, EVERYONE gets Chinese food for New Year's Eve, it gets crazy to the point where you have to call your order in at like 9AM if you're picking it up at 6PM because it's just that busy. My first New Year's Eve after moving to Florida, my girlfriend was like "what do you feel like getting for dinner, maybe Chinese?" and I was like "No way! We didn't call in our order this morning, so I don't feel like having to go and wait 6 hours for our food!" and she looked super confused.
Wait a minute, I don't trust you, does your duck bend to the left or to the right?
For real, last time I checked I'm 100% American, and I would refer to this as a livery. Any design on a vehicle for the purposes of visually differentiating it from other otherwise identical vehicles = livery. I'm a big avgeek though, and we use the term to refer to the different airline's designs on their aircraft too.
Oh man this brings back memories, I had the one on the upper left, I always seemed to have trouble getting it to run on our PC for some reason, but the times that I did get it up and running it was great! (Even though all of the super advanced car setup stuff confused the hell out of me).
There's no subway in Tampa, if there was it would need to operate using submarines instead of train cars.
At least some of us have righted the wrongs of our ancestors by moving to a nice warm climate :)
To me: #1: [You're looking at them asshole](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUAaFavh8sA) #2: [Sometimes what happens in here is like taking a shit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFkykWLx82c)
Literally viewing this thread on my 2 year old iPhone 8. I feel like calling it “old” is a bit disingenuous.
When my girlfriend worked for Universal there was just a big grab bag for name tags when you forgot yours. It always cracked me up when she was randomly Janet from Orlando or whatever
When my mom passed away from pancreatic cancer. We see all of these things where someone is terribly wronged, to the degree that it costs them their life. (Like the guy who got murdered by that cop leading to all of the recent protests) and all I can think is like, wow, that's fucking terrible, but so many of these things happen every day. How many innocent people have died in car crashes since that? How many mothers have had to sit down and tell their children "I was diagnosed with terminal cancer today." since then? Obviously we should try to cut down on preventable deaths, but bad things happen, it's a part of life to deal with it. How many times have you skimmed over a headline where 20 people were killed in a bombing in Syria? All of those people were someone's mom/dad/child/sister/brother. It fucking sucks, but if you take every single one to heart you'd blow your brains out from the grief within hours.
"Hey did you know that Shaquem Griffin only has one hand?" - Every announcer for every game the whole time he played for UCF.
I mean, Richie was a made guy, if anyone found out that Janice did it then she'd be taken out for sure, so Tony was literally sparing his sisters life by covering it up.
Yup, it’s short, sweet, and actually different for each episode
I just ignore the first link for Orlando Sentinel, and click the second one for the same story from WESH2 or WFTV9. It's a bit lame, but at least it works.
Nationwide just wouldn't make sense, there is just too much distance to cover and not enough passenger need for it to be worth it. Picking two random cities like St Louis and Milwaukee, there really aren't that many people traveling between them, so it wouldn't make financial sense to have a high speed railway built between them. The places where it makes more sense is between larger cities where there are a lot of people wanting to go between them. For example they're currently building a high speed train line between Orlando and Miami.
A fabric store called Weintraub's. My mom and my gram both were really into sewing when I was a little guy, so that meant (what at least felt like) endless hours at the fabric store. I'm pretty sure that the fabric store is legitimately the most boring place in the world for a 4 year old boy, sitting there while my mom and gram pull out seemingly identical bolts of fabric and saying "this one is cute!" about all of them.
Panda Express fried rice. I love theirs most because most "mom n pop" Chinese places put copious amounts of onions in their fried rice. Panda Express doesn't put any (Sarku Japan is also good for no onions in their fried rice).
That's what I was thinking, Sil is around the Bing more than anyone else.
That time your mom sits you down and says “so I’ve been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer” less than a year after your grandfather died of the same illness.
"you smell like grass." O_O
&gt; zero tolerance for anything they don't usually eat. As I remember that time in college where I ate Taco Bell at least once a day for over a month straight. I also agree with the people who say that I've never gotten the shits from Taco Bell too. I tend to get the shits from overly greasy foods, which Taco Bell isn't, so it never made me feel sick.
I was dating this girl, and we went out to a bar to grab some drinks with some friends of hers. While we were there, this dude walked over and introduced himself, and then he did that obnoxious "hey man, if you break her heart, I'll break your..." thing. I just rolled my eyes and was like "ok" and he walked away. The girl I was dating was like "that guy is so annoying, he raped me one time"
I think it was a French church actually, the ironic part is that my mom isn't Irish at all, and even on my dad's side, the people from Ireland moved to the US in colonial times, so I wasn't raised with any Irish culture at all.
Polar Orange Dry. We get Polar seltzer here, but not the sodas unfortunately. Polar Cranberry is pretty damn good as well.
You can usually tell if someone is doing it on purpose to try and sound cool or whatever. Like I think it was on Malcolm in the Middle where there was a girl who repeatedly and over the top talked about her visit to "barttttthththththelona" to try and sound cultured. Like I know it's pronounced with a light "th" sound in the local dialect, but if you go way over the top to pronounce it that way when speaking English, you just seem like you're trying to sound fancy.
My mom started sleeping on the couch when I was a kid. She explained it by saying that she liked to watch Jay Leno, but she always fell asleep watching it (this was the 90s and the only TV in the house was in the living room where the couch was). I figured out later that it was because my parents were in a loveless marriage and were just sticking together for the kids. They weren't hostile to each other, they just lived their own separate lives in the same house like roommates or something.
First off, I'm sorry to hear that you're in that situation. Even though my parents never had "throwing the plates" types of fights, I do think that it sucked for both of them not being able to actually have a romantic partner for like 10 years. When my parents finally divorced I was around 16 and my sister was around 12. It didn't bother me at all because I felt that my parents both deserved to be happy, and if they were happier separate, then that was fine. My dad told us that he would be moving out a full year before he did so it wasn't a surprise at all when it did happen. My sister on the other hand was REALLY hurt by the whole thing (to this day she doesn't have any sort of relationship with our dad because she sees it as him "abandoning" us, rather than a divorce) As for relationships, I don't think that it negatively affected either my sister's views or mine on marriage. We've both always been the type to have had a few long relationships instead of dating a lot of people short term. My sister got married to her husband about a year ago, I'm going to be proposing to my girlfriend as soon as we get past all of this Covid mess, so I'd say that neither one of us feels like marriage is a bad idea just because our parents' marriage didn't work. As for my parents' background, they got married when my mom was like 19, waited 10 years before having kids, and my dad says that they were happily married and things didn't start getting bad until a few years after my sister was born (that would have been after like 16 years of marriage). One thing that surprised me was a couple of years back, my mom passed away from cancer, and when I told my dad that she had passed, he was incredibly affected by it, like he had to leave work for the day because he was so upset, even though he hadn't spoken to her in many years. I guess even if things change down the road, having years of good marriage and kids still leaves a deep impression on a person.
My internet white whale is facebook screenshot of a 12 year old nerdy looking kid trying to look tough that he captioned "My name is Dennis and I'm a mennis" that I saw back in the day.
1. From various British TV shows I've learned that English people stereotype Welsh people as sheep fuckers. 2. Their language seems to only use the letters L, W, and Y. 3. Gwenno from the Pipettes is Welsh and released a Welsh language album a few years back.
As someone who is 35 years old, the whole "eats hot chip, be bisexual, and lie" meme cracks me up even if I feel like I don't fully understand it.
We've definitely been having a bunch of tornadoes around here lately. Source: Am Florida man.
That would actually make a really interesting basis for a science fiction story. It would fit in with the whole "seeding" idea that Star Trek runs on (most aliens look humanoid because they're all from the same place originally, but they've just evolved to better survive on whatever planet they landed on so they look superficially different).
So shouldn't Nappa have dated blonde Lunch then?
I had one probably 10 years ago or so, I did end up entering and found out that it had made repeated trips up and down the East Coast (I was living in MA at the time).
I think it's an issue with the McDonalds split drive-thru thing. I've had times where I checked the bag and saw that it was full of McChickens when I only ordered a burger, and they realized that they gave me the order for the "pull ahead to the parking spot" guy ahead of me by mistake.
I thought of an energy drink, possibly one with alcohol like Four Loko used to be. Like it would get you drunk without making you sleepy. I looked it up and apparently it's just dish detergent though.
Even then, they just say stereotypical neckbeardy "women need to make me a sandwich" shit and then they say that obnoxious "hey-ooooooh!" Honestly a pretty realistic type of character for an immature high school kid, but still pretty annoying.
Back in college, my buddy was dating this Eastern European girl, and she suddenly left to go back to her country to avoid student loan debt, so it does happen.
When I was a teenager I went on a Boy Scout canoeing trip in the middle of nowhere in Maine (like we had to drive 100 miles on a dirt road where the only other traffic was saw were a couple of logging trucks). After like 2 days of canoeing down the river we were in the most remote place I've ever been. The crazy thing was how dark it was at night, it was a new moon so there wasn't any moonlight, and you literally couldn't see your hand in front of your face it was so pitch black. The creepy part was were took a little night hike down a path through the woods and we suddenly came upon (a thankfully vacant at the time) moose den. We noped out of there in an instant.
They're the best if you pop a fried egg on there too
I'm wearing that exact watch right now and I think it cost at most $25USD on Amazon.
My sister (very white) had an Indian roommate once and they had a laugh when they realized that their bathroom contained tanner for my sister and skin lightener for her roommate, I guess the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
2012?
That's legitimately probably my least favorite Degrassi storyline, I feel like maybe Perino was supposed to be MUCH more hostile to the point of being abusive to Derek and Danny but then they changed it for some reason. Like the kids are acting up in class. Perino disciplines them for it appropriately, and the next thing you know, Derek is running off to report his teacher to Snake and asking him if Perino got fired.
I stopped in a Wawa today, they had a sign on the door, and probably about 75% of people were wearing masks, but they weren't enforcing it for the 25% who weren't. I think we need 100% enforcement, like I wish that businesses would flatout have their employees say stuff like "I'm unable to assist you until you comply with store policy" it works for the "no shirts, no shoes, no service" so why shouldn't it work for masks as well at the moment?
Visit the beautiful Pine Hills neighborhood for a gorgeous vista view of Orlando.
Same here. I wish that they just left the Earful Tower as MGM's icon.
I'm so thankful that my complex puts a lot of trees in the parking lots, I usually get to avoid this. Still no avoiding it if I go to Publix or whatever though.
The only time I care is if a European player is going to come over to play for an MLS team. I guess my favorite European club is Stoke City purely because Orlando City Soccer Club had/(has?) some sort of crossover deal with them.
It's not very common, I repeated my senior year purely because I was a dumbass teenager who didn't care at all the first time so I failed like every class besides art, gym, and band, I think in my class there were maybe 1 or 2 other kids who repeated it as well. This was also in the US.
Best: When I visited Japan I happened to be in Kyoto on the night of [Gozan no Okuribi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gozan_no_Okuribi). Getting to see one of those giant bonfires from right outside of the Kyoto Imperial Palace with a huge crowd of people was super cool! Worst: Probably when I was like 10 years old and my mom took my sister and I to Tijuana for the afternoon on a trip to California. There was a dude who was selling jewelry out of a box who literally followed us around all afternoon trying to sell to us.
Isn't there a line in Goodfellas about that? Like Dr Melfi's character says that all of the other Mafia wives looked rough for their ages.
I was wondering that, I remember in an old Top Gear episode one of the guys got to drive an F1 car and he was saying how driving the minimum speed for aero downforce to work properly still felt scary fast to him, and that was coming from someone who wheels around supercars all week for a living, so I'd think that your average Joe (or head of state in this case) wouldn't be capable of driving an F1 car without binning it.
I never really felt comfortable speaking Japanese when I was in Japan. I'm still very basic with it honestly. I did have a funny interaction once in a bookstore when the guy working there looked at me and said "Nihongo?" and I was like "Eigo?" and we both had a laugh. Most people are cool if you make an attempt to speak their language, I've never had someone act like a dick because I wasn't a great Japanese speaker.
"You're dumping me?.... And giving me drugs!?"
P-p-p-please don't throw me off of that..... 17 foot tall levee?
Those looked so cool, both when the Angels and the [Thunderbirds](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/22/dc/03/22dc03ce08ca84e6c08eeb3796880bc9.jpg) were flying them. I'm just not sure how good of a show they could have put on in a jet that's every bit as aerobatic as the RMS Titanic.
If by "NASCAR race" we're counting all series, I can think of numerous years where the spring Icebreaker Whelen Modifieds race at Thompson had to be postponed due to snow.
I have to beg to differ, once I tried shaving my ballsack with a facial shaver of that type, and there was a LOT of blood. I usually just keep it neatly trimmed down there, but if I was going to shave now, I'd do it with a normal razor, that seems a lot safer.
That's always been one of my "oh god, don't get him started on this!" rants, how Sharpay got screwed for no good reason. Probably only #2 to my favorite Disney hero who got fucked over: Gaston. It's like like confidence = villain in those movies sometimes.
It wasn't even a minor indignity of accepting his rich friend's money, Walt got the ramen as a birthday present for Elliott, which causes Elliott to get nostalgic for their early days working together. Elliott realizes that no matter what weird breakup shit went down between Walt and Gretchen back in the day, he still fully respects Walt's work as a chemist and wants to work with him again. I've always fully believed that even if Walt was healthy as a horse at the time of Elliott's birthday party, Elliott would have still offered Walt a job at Grey Matter.
That pissed me off so much, Chris with Sonichu is like pyramid scheme huns with their pyramid schemes, they need to inject it into literally everything they do.
