I’m happy with Cashman, but if I had to choose someone else, i couldn’t go wrong with Theo Epstein.
1914 Tigers, from the day they went on strike and had 8 people from the street step in.
I’m surprised the Tigers haven’t retired 3 for Trammell. Granted, they probably will now that he’s in the Hall, but still.
Not only injuries, but factor in mediocrity. Lester’s not getting any younger, Hendricks was mortal last year, and the bullpen still needs work.
Frog 8 *slugged.*
Wasn’t there once someone who thought Cody Asche was actually a Japanese guy named Kodayashi?
Saw both; was nuts. Neither homered, though Mac hit one off the top of the wall at County Stadium that my dad and I momentarily thought was gone.
Was at Pettitte‘s big-league debut, in KC. Weirdest game — was right after the strike ended; crowd was dead quiet except for when some drunk idiot ran onto the field and just hilariously jogged all over the place until two cop grabbed him by each arm and he walked off doing a Rockettes-style leg kick.
Usually I’m 100% against animal abuse, but in this case...
Oh yeah, that's right. "Drawing Frog 8" and all.
You can get a good look at a butcher’s ass by sticking your head up there...
Red Sox, Pablo Sandoval. They're already still on the hook for another $38 million or so on top of it anyway.
Yep. Gwinnett Stripers. Can’t read that name without misreading it as Strippers.
That was one of a handful of finalists.
I’ve known people who strongly preferred the time in which farm teams were named after their big-league affiliates. Personally, I don’t get it. Be creative.
Not even, in the third case! It was in the offseason, still mid-suspension.
If I was Mejia I would take the Mets to arbitration and ask for like $10 million for pure shits and giggles.
Not even. Put him in the field for one plate appearance. Announce him as a pinch-hitter and then pinch-hit for him.
DONG-DONG!
Bobby Cox -- he's been tossed from more games than anyone else. That ought to count for something.
True. Was hoping for Buttons, but that’s just because I like historical references.
Carl “American Idle” fucking Pavano.
Wait ... there’s a player who wore uniform no. 113?!
1) I can live with that. It's a happy medium. 2) Agree to disagree.
I remember thinking at the time that the Dodgers absolutely robbed the Expos, getting that burner on the basepaths DeShields for some reliever.
Tigers and D-Backs have made a bunch of lopsided deals. Edwin Jackson for Scherzer worked out well for the Tigers; coughing up Ray not so much, nor did the Tigers’ lust for Karim Garcia work out so well.
On the flip side, Jamie Moyer for Darren Bragg.
Jack “Lucky” Lohrke. The dude cheated death on at least six different occasions before making it to the bigs.
Josh Hamilton.
Dagnabbit.
I just read this on two hours’ sleep due to a sick baby. I’m still not sure that I comprehended what I read.
RIP Derby. Hopefully you can chase all the bats you could ever want up in Doggy Heaven.
And only in his specific case.
Congrats on the Liberty Bowl win. That said, Hawk here.
I've yet to see compelling evidence that he made half an effort for us.
"Hey! It's Enrico Palazzo!"
Well that's unprofessional.
That's where you respond with, "So's everyone else's."
Wow, that teammate's a real piece of shit.
I'd go back to that Phillies game a couple years back when Papelbon grabbed his crotch in front of the fans and Joe West ejected him, and I'd swap Papelbon with Joe West starting the moment he grabs his dick. Can you imagine everyone's confusion at that moment when Pap grabs his dick, becomes Joe West, and then gets ejected by Joe West?
That is literally the most Minnesota-sounding reaction I've ever heard that doesn't involve the word, "Uff-da."
So what's this tough guy's political leaning?
Yup. And I neither loved nor hated either team.
Tigers end up around .500, finish third in Central.
If I was in Vegas I’d lay down a bit of money on the Twins winning the World Series. Not saying they will, but as far as dark-horse picks go, I can’t think of a better one.
[What the Padres did here](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/t/woman-extends-hand-7989494.jpg)
Hmm -- I'd have to hit the gym like a motherfucker first.
22 K/9?! Jesus hell.
Is your name Peter Turlich?
True, but the number itself is impressive regardless.
I adore that you cherish his love of the appreciation of his admiration.
Shit -- someone broke the gary.
Jose Bautista in a Rangers uni.
That’s legitimately helpful to her, video games or not.
The odds of Visalia having Gene Frankel Night are now 100%.
You can remove "about Jared Kushner" and still have a fully accurate statement.
It’s more irresponsible by the media to hide this information than it would be blissful to never know it.
They are, but that doesn’t mean that he was abusing them. I’ve been prescribed each of them before and have used them as directed. Hopefully he didn’t abuse them and this ends up a non-story.
That’s completely fair.
I'm convinced that Mo would still be a serviceable closer today.
100% agreed. I was raised in a union family. When the replacement players took the field in the spring of '95, my dad was adamant that we don't watch any of it.
Well that's a hodgepodge of names there.
Potential prescription drug abuse is.
Ohhh ... yeah I was just thinking games in and of themselves.
And he was the Zodiac Killer as well.
What petty bullshit. Forgive, forget, and celebrate each other.
Consarnit folks!
Ffffffffffff
Assuming each beer was 12 oz, how the fuck do you drink 1,200+ oz — literally 75 pounds of fluid — and not have to piss?
It’s just respect.
If you think the two don't go together, you're not alone. But you're also wrong.
...of the Solar System of the Local Interstellar Cloud of the Local Cavity of the Interstellar Medium in the Orion Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy of the Local Group of the Virgo Supercluster appendage of the Laniakea Supercluster of the known universe.
Agree to disagree.
So this is basically Turn Back the Clock Turn Ahead the Clock Night?
At least the Marlins cleaned up in this deal.
Nice!!!
There’s something fishy about all this.
I was born and raised in Council Bluffs, and while I wouldn’t say that it’s “Cubs country,” I wouldn’t be surprised if more people were Cubs fans there than even Royals fans. Granted, a lot of Royals fans there didn’t say anything until they were good, so there’s that.
Ah yes -- Bobby J and Bobby M.
Naah -- just have it wrap around front.
It’s for the best.
Happy birthday!
They should go back to the 70s C.
Shit! Hope he'll be okay!
I would rather this not happen, please.
IT’S BECAUSE I FEEL SORRY FOR YOU.
Orioles at 62-100... If this happens, this’ll be the first time a Buck Showalter-managed team has lost 100 games, and he managed an expansion team.
Completely possible, and I wouldn’t be surprised if it was Showalter who walked away before the front office could can him. That can’t be the best organization to work for. Reporting to Angelos and Duquette? Ugh.
Somehow? Shit the rest of the AL West could combine to form a team of their 25 best players and it wouldn’t be as good as the Astros.
The Padres are the only team with non-zero chances at both the top overall pick and the playoffs.
Step 2: Keep them.
Hell no. Teal all the way.
Yep. Your purple and teal set is awesome and stands the test of time.
I got tired of the vest look about 2004, when all of a sudden almost every team had one (at one point last decade, the Angels, Blue Jays, D-Backs, D-Rays, Indians, Marlins, Pirates, Rangers, Reds, Rockies, Royals, Twins, and White Sox, all had sleeveless and/or faux-sleeveless tops) and it was no longer unique to one or two teams. It’s personal preference, but I prefer the sleeved version of that jersey. It just looks better.
Oops. Dumbass HawkeyeJosh didn't look closely enough.
They also won the World Series while wearing the sleeveless duds, so that could rightly make a difference. EDIT: You're right about the purple hat, though. Has to be the purple hat.
Huh. That means that, in both amateur and minor-league contests, Omaha was the visiting team. I don’t remember when or how many, but the Denver Zephyrs played in Mile High Stadium and attracted something like 66,000 to one game against the Omaha Royals.
As it should be.
Agreed 100%. 2021 World Champions.
I liked where you were going, though.
the
Don't forget the Army crawl behind the mound and subsequent rosin-bag grenade. That does it for me.
Credit where due, Ackley looked like an absolute STUD coming out of college. I remember seeing him play at UNC in the College World Series and he looked legit. He just couldn’t cut it in the bigs. It happens on occasion.
With a girl named Amanda.
If he does have TJ surgery, how would the rehab process go for him? Obviously he'd be out for the rest of the year either way, but when next season rolls around, would he be on the roster to start the year as a DH only? Or would he be put on the DL to rehab his arm to pitcher strength?
THE TOE IS BACK!
And the only reason the Rays have so many is due to the opener experiment.
Props to Hallion for his professionalism there.
So you’re saying there’s a chance.
[/uj] Can someone fill me in here? [/rj] Other than Carlos Gomez because he can’t.
Gotcha. See I had looked up “Carlos Gomez impotent” and found nothing.
I bet Mike Morse feels his pain.
The ejection itself seemed like a pure judgment call, and Hallion’s explanation seemed on point. If anything, I’d give points to the umps for handling this well.
So it’s due to a deal with the umpires’ union — the only baseball labor union Rob Manfred respects.
If anything Strickland should be the one taking notes. Giles looked like a psycho there, but his punch didn’t land him on the DL for the next two months.
That’s peak Hunter Strickland right there. Fucking redneck moron.
I want one of those sport coats.
Right?! I wish I’d have thought of that one on numerous occasions looking back.
He’s like the Joe West of umpires.
/u/rcuosukgi42’s question still stands.
I’m a Yankee fan but have no ties to New York. I remember thinking it’d be nice for all the Yankee fans who suffered on 9/11, but more wanting the Yanks to win just because I was a Yankee fan. Personally, I was mildly disappointed when the D-Backs won, especially given the comeback we had mounted at Yankee Stadium, but given that we had won the last three World Series in a row, I wasn’t absolutely crushed. The most sensible thing I saw re: 9/11 was a sign someone held in Arizona. It read, “WE LOVE NEW YORK But not the Yankees GO DIAMONDBACKS!” I’m a Yankee fan but that was the right way to do it.
Don't be. That's fucking awesome!
Hey there is a long and proud tradition to the name Birmingham Buttfuckers, thank you very much.
I can’t believe that, out of 2,177 strikeout victims, he’s only struck out 9 of them on a changeup.
I now feel better about the occasional sharts that I suffer.
I'm not Italian, but I could see how it *could* be offensive, but only if the pizza rat video had never existed. Here's how it should rationally go: ITALIAN-AMERICAN WITH HARD-ON ABOUT THIS: "I'm offended by the name Pizza Rats. Why are you inferring that Italians are rats?" SOMEONE ELSE: "Here, man. Check out this video. It blew up on the internet a couple years ago." (Shows video of rat dragging pizza down subway station staircase) ITALIAN-AMERICAN WITH HARD-ON ABOUT THIS: "Oh I see. Never mind."
Not unlike how our victim was found.
https://media.giphy.com/media/Cpw01AbAFSG52/giphy.gif
Fuck. That would make for an awkward funeral.
They had the coolest damn logo, too.
Straight fuckin' water.
Mike Troutkakis
[MOD POST] No posts making light of...
Xavier Hernandez sucked ass in ‘94, FWIW.
You could stretch and say SS, since both Yount and Molitor started there.
Catcher too. Pudge is an all-time great and Sundberg was pretty solid.
Denny Matthews. An underrated classic.
THEY LEAN WEST BECAUSE NEBRASKA SUCKS, BUT THAT’S REALLY NEITHER HERE NOR THERE.
YOU KNOW THAT A FIRE SALE AND A DUMPSTER FIRE ARE TWO DIFFERENT THINGS, RIGHT?
Yeah you shouldn’t do that.
The movie The Babe is as accurate of a documentary of Babe Ruth’s life as The Birth of a Nation is with regard to the forming of America.
The point of this post is simply that the Mets have just been really awful this month, as well as how surprising it is given that they started off like gangbusters.
Hopefully his arm is fresh enough to be able to go at it tomorrow.
Yup. I can't fucking stand PETA. That said, they're right on this one.
Nice.
You need to find a place where they'll never find his body. What a fucking horrible shitbag.
Were you at least sitting on the toilet?
2004 does IMO. Up 3-0 and then lose the next four to the goddamn Red Sox.
In this case, the reference to rampant racism is more of an organizational issue — or more specifically a Yawkey issue — from the middle of the previous century. They were the last of the original 16 teams to desegregate, and they pretended not to be racist by holding fraudulent tryouts for Negro Leaguers.
Gotcha. Even if you don’t believe in jinxes, hubris is never good in such a scenario.
Glad he believed you. How that isn't every doctor's default modus operandi I don't know. I had a somewhat similar situation 20 years ago. I kept telling my parents I have pretty much no sense of smell and they never believed me, and then one day my mom and I were at an ENT for another reason and the doctor was evaluating me and discussed issues with my nose, and I asked if that's why I had no sense of smell and the doctor said that it was. I turned to my mom and said, "I TOLD YOU SO!" Mom apologized to me profusely later in the car. It's like, why the fuck would I make that up?
At least they won’t have to trade a stud outfielder and a top pick for him.
No.
“You like our new logo?” “That’s a clown question, bro.”
I’m more partial to the Kernels’ logo, though that’s not to take away from the raccoon and the bridge. Granted, I live in Cedar Rapids, so I may be biased.
Hopefully she was a good duck.
In A-ball with the A’s’ system, Tim Hudson and Adam Piatt had an extended prank war that Piatt won. Here’s how he won: The team was on the road and about ready to board the bus from the hotel to the ballpark, and before he got on the bus, Pratt went up to the front desk and was like, “Yeah, I lost my room key, and I need to get back in quickly. My name is Tim Hudson.” Piatt got a room key, got into Hudson’s room, took a shit on a wet towel, placed it on the heater, turned the heater to full blast, and then hopped onto the bus. Apparently the whole hall stunk of shit that evening when they got back, but opening up Hudson’s room was a really special kind of olfactory experience. Hudson conceded that he couldn’t beat that and Piatt won the prank war.
Looks like Bob Dole trying to salute on his own.
&gt; Claims he “does not have it in his heart to knowingly cause anyone distress.” &gt; Sends troops to die and kill tens of thousands of Iraqis because the Saudis didn’t like Saddam Hussein.
So she had man hands?
I get that — I have almost no sense of smell but understand that. What I meant was, is there a story there?
It would be pretty cool. The only disappointing part would be the game footage because there weren’t any close-ups to speak of — everything was generally wide shots with no panning. This was of course largely due to the rudimentary technology of the time. That said, it’d still be cool as hell to see those old-time jewel-box stadiums in color from when they were fairly new.
Going with Vlad Jr. in the AL and Touki in the NL, though I reserve the right to change my mind about the NL winner.
Good 1-2 punch of course, but when taken as a whole, there are still plenty of questions in that rotation. The final three spots need to be figured out with McCullers recovering from TJ and Keuchel and Morton not resigned.
Every other opinion he has is completely without controversy.
Eh — nothing against him or Baines, but it feels like the Veterans Committee just raided the Hall of Very Good.
I think he’ll be financially alright, given the $4.6M he already has.
I’d give him Very Good, just because he hit very well for quite a while.
Good. She’s excellent at what she does.
The Rays flat-out asked the public for over $800 million dollars, like in donations. What the fuck did they think was gonna happen?
Not revisionist history at all. Iraq invaded Kuwait because Kuwait was slant-drilling, i.e. drilling at an angle so they could get Iraqi oil while being in Kuwaiti territory at ground level. Bush at first said that he had no issue with this. The Saudis were not fans of Saddam and worried that this would empower him. They talked to their friend Bush, he changed his tune, and we had the Gulf War.
If he stays healthy he has as good a chance as anyone.
/r/baseballcirclejerk
Well I *did* think he was a completely competent, serviceable pitcher. No disrespect to the Rangers, but their luck with free-agent starters is absolute crap.
If that’s true, that’s such horseshit. I mean, admittedly I’m perfectly cool with kneeling for the anthem and have even done so (albeit as a substitute teacher and not a pro athlete), but regardless of one’s opinion of taking a knee, it’s hard to believe that this is enough to keep someone employed. The aggravated assault part, fine, I get that and would agree with that if it was cited as a reason.
Was at a school that, on Monday mornings, played it over the intercom at the beginning of the day. I was standing in a spot where I didn’t think many students would see me, and nobody mentioned anything, and I had forgotten all about it until the principal came to the room I was in at the beginning of the final period of the day and asked if I had done that. I confirmed and he suggested that I not do that again.
For whatever stupid reason I had more faith in MLB.
Absolutely.
Underrated comment.
It’s important to note that it was the AAA Rule 5 Draft, so it’s not like Hill has to be on the 25-man roster all season or at all. Thank goodness, given we already have a glut of outfielders.
No. Back then, most of the talent was homegrown and lacking in any controversy.
Fair enough! I love tracing trade trees like that. For instance, Cleveland picking up Eddie Taubensee off waivers in 1990 ended up netting them Corey Kluber (Taubensee traded for Kenny Lofton; Lofton and Alan Embree traded for David Justice and Marquis Grissom; Justice traded for Ricky Ledee, Jake Westbrook, and Zach Day; Westbrook traded in a three-team deal that netted Cleveland Kluber).
You are tearing me apart, football!
It’s a bit early to say that his stint with the Mariners is a failure. Hell, I don’t think he got a fair shake with the Angels, either, given that he lost that power battle with Scioscia.
I’M NOT YOUR FRIEND, PAL.
Egad — didn’t realize the Latos trade was THAT bad.
This is a team that traded away Aroldis Chapman three years ago and now have literally nothing in return (Cotham retired, Jagielo left as a six-year minor-league free agent, Renda was waived, and Davis is currently a free agent).
So he pled guilty to child molestation but maintains his innocence. Bullshit. Sorry dude, but if you’re innocent of child-molestation charges, you plead not guilty and you stick with that shit.
If it was a traffic fine, sure, that would be funny. As a child-support payment, no — that’s just being a ridiculous asshole.
While you make a good point, it would probably be a lot different if we found out that Bartolo beat the mother of his kids.
That in itself is not an indicator of the quality of a person. Things happen; relationships come and go. You can have kids with multiple partners and still take care of them and foster relationships with them.
Hitting into the shift.
He hasn’t called a game in five years, and you’re still right.
Good to hear! Keep getting better!
How so? Without physical evidence or corroborating witnesses, it really seems to become a he-said/she-said thing.
There have been many, but I guess I just figured that, with something like child molestation, that would devolve into a sort of he-said/she-said thing pretty quickly if there isn’t any tangible evidence of it having occurred. I hope he didn’t do it, both for his sake and his cousin’s sake, but at the same time he pled guilty to child molestation. It doesn’t seem like he faced some sort of plea deal where it was changed to something like, “indecent acts with a child” or something like that.
Ohhh. Did not know that. Sorry for having to listen to his pompous ass.
Abuse isn’t limited to physical beatings. There’s emotional manipulation and financial manipulation as well.
Baseball is coming to Montreal! Also, “Montreal” is a secret code word that really means “Portland.”
Turkey Basters
I didn’t take it as trivializing. And yeah, I’d rather listen to McCarver than Hawk Harrelson, but I’d rather listen to a bunch of inmates run a train on my little sister than listen to McCarver.
If it’s abusive, it should be our business. Bringing emotional abuse to the forefront is how we get the public’s attention to try to address it as a society. Otherwise we’re just allowing cruelty.
I guess I didn’t realize there was a plea deal. When you see “pled guilty to child molestation” or however it was framed, that doesn’t read like a plea deal happened. I guess I’d have figured that such a deal would’ve included the charge changed to “indecent acts with a child” or something like that. Either way, hopefully the guy has received the help he’s needed. The girl, too.
I'm not saying it's advisable. I'm just saying it doesn't make someone a bad person.
Rosenthal should've been funny and marked "No" to the question about whether he wanted the BBWAA to publicize his ballot 14 days after election.
I’m torn between the selfish, “Wow, we really dodged a bullet there,” and the more decent hope that he’s able to get his life back on track. I wish him well.
That makes sense. I’m no lawyer (as I had to inform a customer at my job WAY too many times last night, but that’s neither here nor there), but I figured that a plea deal involved a lessening of charges. It’s hard for me to fathom that child molestation is a lesser charge, but at the same time, I’m no attorney, and my experience with the criminal-justice system is limited to getting a charge dropped on my own. Is pleading guilty to such a charge common if other stipulations are added?
Comparing having kids with three women at a young age to murder is an equivocation, a logical fallacy. As for kids with three women by age 24, one could be wildly irresponsible and just not wrap it up and be cheating on a significant other and all that like Russell. One could also have just had a few failed relationships that generated kids while also paying child support and playing a primary role in all his kids’ lives. I’ll concede that the former case is more likely than the latter (I met a person once in a similar situation and he said he just hates condoms and, when I suggested a vasectomy, said that, “You can’t tame this buck” — a genius he was not), but I would just be hesitant to paint with a broad brush.
Good for Cahill! He’s had a hell of a career rebound.
Can't argue against that logic. That said, I do have a compromise point here that I've suggested with regard to Pete Rose: Put them in the Hall, but only after they died. That said, I only suggested that because Pete Rose is a wildly ignorant total asshole. I'm all for Bonds and Clemens' immediate induction, even if they're assholes too. Perhaps it's my bias of being old enough to have watched them in their primes but not old enough to have watched Rose in his, or really at all.
Koufax is more legend. While he was absolutely dominant when he played, the fact that he essentially ended on a peak leaves the tantalizing what-might-have-been question. Basically it's like asking what if Babe Ruth was a hitter his whole career and/or took better care of himself?, what if Mickey Mantle took better care of himself?, what if Rube Waddell wasn't a batshit crazy alcoholic idiot?, what if Satchel Paige had the chance to play his full career in the bigs?, what if Ted Williams hadn't served in two wars?, etc. I'd still happily take Koufax on my team any day, but since his career ended at its peak, it's easily to unfairly judge him.
I'd take Ruth, but if he wasn't available, I'd take Bonds.
It's like you've never even HEARD of Phil Hughes.
I don't think anyone here's arguing that A-Rod didn't juice. There's just a difference in perception between finding out in hindsight that someone bought it and a test revealing that someone took it in the present. I'm not saying that difference in perception is correct or justifiable in any way, but it does seem to exist.
It looks like, as long as the BBWAA is in charge of the Hall of Fame voting process, nobody will ever get in unanimously. Someone could have a career .400 batting average and hit 1,000 home runs, justifiably win 20 Gold Gloves at shortstop, win a dozen World Series rings, donate 99% of his earnings to children’s charities, sign autographs for anyone who asked, and have a compelling personal story and a personality that is both completely free of controversy and extremely likable, and some asshat will submit a blank ballot out of protest for whatever reason.
Debated that, but figured I’d just stick with the words that sound the same (Holliday, Carroll).
Fair.
I’d leave him out, with all due respect.
Ahhhhhhh!
Who’s Fritzy?
He was such a nice dude too.
Wow — I wish I’d have seen this earlier lol.
But I love you!
Gotcha.
I feel like I’d have been cheating had I done that, given there are so many out there.
Touché.
So is it like a private subregistry of the sex-offender registry then?
Yup. Can’t hear it in my mind in any way other than singing that song.
Luis Avilan sounds so much like Feliz Navidad. And why Juan Encarnacion?
I see.
That wimpy deer?
That was the most memorable round I’ve ever seen. My mom had a hysterectomy earlier that day and my dad and I were watching the Home Run Derby on the TV while sitting on either side of her bed as she slept, and it took everything I had to not scream in excitement.
This. Been to plenty of games alone before. Make some friends there; check out different parts of the park; have yourself a jolly good time!
And if they have a bitchin’ panel van.
I went to Arlington on my own once and loved your park — thought it was the nearest place! While I understand why they’re building a park with a retractable roof, it still makes me sad that they’re getting rid of the place. Perhaps it’s because it’s the first of the retro-era ballparks that I had ever been to (and it took until 2008 to hit one), but it’s just such a cool, unique place.
Follow-up post... You’re still taking over for Preller. Now how do you get rid of Jay Bruce and Kyle Seager?
“Hold my beer.” -Jerry DiPoto
I wish we had names on the backs of at least our road unis.
Unfortunately it’s both a romantic comedy and written by Kathie Lee Gifford, so I’m not sure that even Craig Ferguson can salvage it.
The correct answer.
Aaron Guiel.
OP asked for an elitist opinion.
There’s a [FANTASTIC episode of The Dollop](http://thedollop.libsyn.com/48-live-w-wil-anderson-charle-guiteau) on this.
Hey look -- two Hall of Famers!
That I’m not sure about. If I was Biden I’d publicly own it — not only say that I was wrong but say how I was wrong and what I wish I had done differently. Basically, do the same as now, but in stronger and more unequivocal terms.
I did not know it wasn’t its standalone bill. Sadly the answer is probably that it wouldn’t have received enough support on its own.
I'm legit surprised that he hadn't already reached that quite a while ago. That's not a knock on him at all; I just thought he had hit more dingers than he had.
Shit — I got to know Matrell Johnson and Booker McKinney. Knew Matrell was killed; didn’t realize Booker was shot as well. Man, this sucks — I like both of them, especially Booker. Kid was a fuckin’ riot.
Yep, there was a person. An hour or two later they wrote back and said Delaney’s not anti-Medicare. Didn’t give a fuck enough to respond.
TIL E.T. had a kid with fetal alcohol syndrome.
Whether or not they officially left, there was at least unofficial recognition of the Confederacy as a separate entity insofar as that several European governments met with Confederate diplomats (as much of an oxymoron as the term “Confederate diplomat seems to be).
Same.
Well if he hadn’t gotten anything in 30 years of regular attendance then that makes sense. Personally I’d let the kids have it unless I caught it on the fly, but that may also be because I never caught a foul ball before.
Yeah but try and imagine the confidence boost if he can get them out.
Did you still have a fun-filled day?
Wouldn’t say that. Just because they’re rebuilding now, that doesn’t take away the fact that he built a team that won two straight AL pennants and a world championship on a relatively small budget.
Props to Harper for participating in this.
Fuck the haters; this is awesome.
I can’t stand Angel Hernandez, but I REEEEALLY don’t like the precedent on this ruling, especially since it could be applied outside of just baseball labor.
What would’ve happened if, heaven forbid, Allen would’ve had a Larry Yount situation?
I posted this right before I fell asleep, which is the excuse I’m gonna use for that part never having come to mind.
They wouldn’t need to warm up. They could just switch positions, the “pitcher” could signal a four, and then they could switch back.
I wasn’t even thinking about it due to a pitcher’s ego as much as their stats come arb/FA time.
I wasn’t saying the pitcher demanded or even requested it in my hypothetical. I was thinking of it as a good-faith gesture by the manager.
I wonder what Adam Eaton’s reaction to this footage is.
Even though Nolan Ryan walked a shitload of people, it’s still fucking amazing as hell that he threw more no-hitters — three more — than no-walk games.
See ya in September, G.
I’m legitimately surprised Angel Hernandez didn’t make the bottom ten. Guy’s a disaster! (Don’t sue me, Angel.)
To hell with that. Bring in Ozzie Guillen. Ozzie in that shitshow, with the New York media on his ass? Endless entertainment.
He later went by Leo Nuñez.
That’s pretty much peak New Orleans right there.
It means you write the same way I do.
The amazing thing about this is that the red area isn’t all that sparsely populated, either. It has Chicago, Houston, Dallas, Phoenix, Denver, Minneapolis, Milwaukee, St. Louis, Kansas City, Salt Lake City, San Antonio, Oklahoma City, and Las Vegas.
Thanks for sharing! It’s sad that this is the state of health care in America. I donated. Hopefully he’s doing better.
No doubt. I just mention what I did because of the reputation of “flyover country” as having so much empty space, like it’s somehow still a frontier.
Yup. Removing the clutter makes all the difference.
Give it a bit of time. It’s not like Vlad Jr. and Cavan have been around for all that long.
Well maybe if shitass Bran wasn’t named king, he wouldn’t have experienced such toxicity.
Hopefully someone kills him and then everyone agrees to call it a hoax.
Yes, the global corporate hegemony is full of rabid left-wingers.
No shit they get advice from too many people. Jimmy Haslam took Johnny Manziel after a hobo on the street told him to.
Don’t hate on OP. They’re probably just a big fan of Jason Mamoa.
I’m pretty sure I need this made for every country.
(Turns picture upside-down) Nope. Still can’t tell.
Yup. BJ Ryan once got a W without even throwing a pitch.
Blown saves in the 8th inning or earlier. No. Those are blown holds.
He also makes you cry and says goodbye.
Just wait until you find out about Black Lives Matter...
Not a clue, dude. I shall task you with finding this out.
Trump knows more about national security than anybody. Just ask him; he’ll tell you.
Congratulations!
Absolutely!
Is there any way that we humans can have those implanted into us?
Full-on Soviet-style communism would be both an improvement over and less extreme than current Republican policies and behaviors.
Nobody who played in the 30s is alive anymore.
I never said we should go Bolshevik. I said Soviet-style Communism is better and less extreme than Republican policy and behaviors, and I stand by that. That doesn’t make it a one-or-the-other choice; the Soviet government was plenty corrupt and repressive in its own right. Really, it’s two sides of the same coin.
I’m sorry for what you went through, and I hope you’re able to live a happy life now.
I want one of those so bad right now. I’m usually not a fan of the Astro-stripes, but this jersey absolutely pulls it off.
And asking for your PIN number.
Fixed fixed.*
That’s fucking hilarious. I had thought you meant the off-season has just hemorrhaged in this sub lately.
I get what you mean there. I was born in the early 80s and remember the end of the USSR, so when I think Soviet-style communism, I think less Stalin and more Gorbachev.
Would a glove count as an article of clothing?
At the end of the day, Republicans love war.
I don’t care what I have to do, I will go to the Field of Dreams Game.
Stay safe, buddy. Here’s to hoping no real shit drops, either there or here.
STEAL MORE BASES, GODDAMMIT.
Party on, Wayne.
That would be a false equivalence.
TRUTH.
As a fellow Democrat, I’m absolutely fine with destroying shrines to the racist history of the party. I’m a Democrat not because we were the party of slavery and the Klan but because we’re the party of equality and progress now.
Wait, what’d Canpaneris do?
Probably because of fear the other team would come pouring out of their dugout with bats, looking for their pound of flesh.
I take it he did correspondence courses through some place like the University of American Samoa, Jimmy McGill-style? This guy doesn’t necessarily scream Harvard Law here.
Not enough Trashmore.
Mickey Mantle, Aaron Judge, my dad. Mainly, this would be to watch how excited my dad would be.
I’m so sorry for your loss.
Being from Council Bluffs and now living in Cedar Rapids ... yep. Totally believe it.
1994.
In a game in 1908, Jack Chesbro called time-out because of how weird the ball tasted. Multiple other players, the Yanks’ manager, and the home-plate umpire, all took turns licking the ball to determine what it tasted like. This was in the middle of the game, by the way. Never say never, I suppose, but I can’t see a realistic scenario in which that happens in a big-league game again. EDIT: Now I see the “once-common” caveat. To go more basic, the legal spitball will never happen again.
Or getting a hit on one.
To be fair, Dateline NBC did a simulation and had the Reds winning the NL pennant that year.
Wait — SHE’S the most beautiful First Lady in our history?! Not Jackie Kennedy, not Michelle Obama, but Plasticface Golddigger here?! Fuck that.
Can’t blame. Her. I did the same thing with Facebook a year and a half ago. It was beautiful.
But ... why?
Still, that’s an impressive level of drunken stamina to do that. I’d have to be half-passed out to even consider that.
And without even having to put out any ads that make it look like Ernst is shooting at her.
Wait. He spoke on the House floor to say *this?!* Is this the real-life version of the “N—-r Guy” episode of South Park?
Uhhh ... no. No it’s not.
Define “genocide.”
Wait. Was money involved?
I have to stop and actively think it through on occasion.
I tend to remember it now. I just have to remember it as the bigger side eating the smaller side lol. Edit: Vice-versa. Goddammit.
Hopefully you’re able to receive the support you need.
I’m gonna beat the cunt out of you.
PREACH!!!
But the terms are synonyms.
Conservatives.
It’d be okay in moderation. That said, the overly strict obedience, the death penalty, the homework, and the sheer joy they take in this, is not moderation.
Jesus. There’s a kid who needs extra-soft bristles.
Not even an at-bat.
lolMets
Yeah, true. My bad. My mom has to have part of her intestine removed several years ago. Brainfart.
No - didn’t realize it was out already.
https://youtu.be/fof40yqaW1U
Kevin Mench.
How in the world have I never heard of this guy?!
We all need Sal Fasano porn in our lives.
I think you’re gonna have to provide more detail here. I mean, “Coke Can” speaks for itself (except, how do you know?), but now I’m curious about what Burrell did to gain such supposed notoriety.
True, but still, his name!
Would Bob Uecker count? Pretty much nobody knows him as a ballplayer, but everyone knows him for his announcing, acting, and self-deprecation.
Hell of a technicality to have him as a “student assistant.” Hopefully he learns a thing or two about baseball in the role?
Scott Marrow: Autocorrected Stump Merrill?
Unlike Verlander, who’s two-faced.
Well they had a vested interest in making sure nobody talked about it once they knew about it, lest any players get in trouble for it.
100% disagree. There are all sorts of egregious examples of trying to get a competitive edge, whether by having an electronic monitoring system like the Astros, having a spy in the outfield offices like the ‘51 Giants, taking PEDs, corking or putting superballs in bats like numerous players, using foreign substances to doctor pitches like all sorts of pitchers, etc. I’m not condoning the behavior, but they were all trying to win. With the 1919 White Sox, players purposely tried to lose. That directly affected the competitive nature and integrity of the game. The folks in the previous paragraph were all going above and beyond in attempting to win. The “Black Sox” were attempting to lose. That makes all the difference.
True, though Crane could always try to make Bochy an offer he can’t refuse.
Nope. He actually applied to some managerial jobs a few years ago.
Oh for Christ’s sake. The Astros have more integrity than the Wilpons.
Two of ‘em: 1) Globe Life Park — the one that the Rangers just left — was severely underrated. I get why the Rangers wanted the new park due to the roof and all, but I went there for a game in ‘08 and it was surprisingly intimate and a great baseball experience. 2) Kauffman Stadium was better before the renovations. Like above, I get why the renovations happened, but it replaced some of the unique with some generic.
Oops.
I said that somewhat tongue-in-cheek.
We only need the My Pillow guy for a set of triplets.
Attaboy Tyler!
GARDY PARTY!
He’s both enthusiastic and helpful. Can’t go wrong there.
Look up the name Al Travers.
So basically, dead people aren’t getting hired in MLB.
No.
Nice.
Was thinking road uniforms.
The road one.
Didn’t mean the home ones.
1: Too easy of an answer. 2: Flare up.
The road one.
It didn’t show you as being flared up earlier on my screen — could’ve been a glitch. And mainly, yeah, those and the powder-blue alternates — it’s already in the team’s color scheme. Perhaps I should’ve used that as an answer instead.
Maybe. I always thought the grays looked so dull.
Don’t kill yourself. Seek help. I know you don’t have much in the way of money but people will listen and help.
Late 90s — butts were back by then. Good time to go through puberty.
Round asses are still in today from my little understanding of pop culture. At the risk of sounding pervy, god do I love yoga pants.
Like when Vernon Wells left the Yankees.
Granted, but if you’re a Houston Astros fan, shit’s gonna be fucked up.
Talk baseball with him and let him know the bullying would eventually subside.
This headline is the sports version of “'No Way To Prevent This,' Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens.”
I like how the first commenter automatically went from one-bedroom apartment to studio without any justification. If you have a kid, you’ll need a bedroom. Speaking of which, there’s an aspect that was never mentioned: kids.
Trump.
Wow, this picture really blew up.
Yet probably still anti-abortion.
Agreed. Goddammit. Why does this bullshit exist in my state? (Oh yeah: we elect Grassley, Ernst, and Reynolds.)
Is this just fantasy?
Jehovah’s Witnesses, Christian Science. IMO, mandate vaccines, religions be damned.
And wall them fuckers in like they’re in Gaza.
The percent of American adults who have had premarital sex in their lives is well in the 90s, but the ones who accidentally got pregnant or got someone pregnant should be condoned by the moralistas who are also doing it but have been fortunate enough not to appear as the hypocrites they are.
That’s fuckin’ slick right there. Not sure why they ever got rid of that script in the first place.
Yeah that’s not good. I was new to my job a year ago and met a woman there who was crazy hot and just talking to her in the break area, and I felt obligated to bring up my wife and kid in the conversation on the extreme off-chance (okay let’s be honest, the non-chance) that she would try to seduce me.
Thank you!
Not to mention probably 5: Smoking in a sleeper berth with a bed full of blankets and linens would seem to present its own set of safety issues.
The White Sox won the AL West that year, so I get it. They were contenders, and a 67-70 year old sure wasn’t going to help there, especially when getting ready for the playoffs. If they were out of the race, the players could suffer through being around a treasure of the sport for an inning and just shut up and enjoy the experience.
This also means that Miami is closer to Brazil than it is to Salt Lake City.
He only travels west.
It is awesome - fun to sing too. Sang it in a college choir back in 2000.
Could you imagine the Hack-a-Shaq that would’ve happened in the final minutes of a game had the NBA had this rule? Jesus hell.
Alex Jones swears it’s true.
Heard someone talk about seeing a police chase at work yesterday. Probably the same one.
I'm in the minority around here, but I liked her. The Fiers take was ill-advised, but otherwise I never had any issue with anything she said, and she seemed to know her shit.
It literally doesn’t matter what they say. Trump’s lawyers could just put microphones to their asses and fart the entire time and Senate Republicans would still vote to acquit.
But he only did it for one team this time.
Sal Fasano with four different versions of his stache.
YAY!!!
RIP in peace.
Granted. Experience is the best teacher.
Agreed on every word of this.
Admittedly I haven’t been in the area in a while. I just remember when I lived in Council Bluffs and King represented there. Republicans were often like, “I like King. He speaks his mind and doesn’t worry what anyone else thinks.”
Why do you say that? I can see the third being tricky because southwest Iowa traditionally goes Republican and David Young looks to regain his seat. The first, though, is generally Dem, and Finkenauer hasn’t done anything to offend anyone.
He had token competition last night. As for November, hopefully Axne beats him again.
Missing a bullet hole between the eyes.
My guess is that Trump must’ve peed the last time Chuck blew him.
And yet we remain wide the fuck open. Thanks Covid Kim &amp; co.
Congratulations!
Seriously, fuck the owners. Want the players to accept bad-faith negotiations a year before negotiating for a new collective bargaining agreement? This is what you get. I feel absolutely no sympathy for the owners. None whatsoever. They’re a bunch of greedy billionaire motherfuckers who are pissed off that they ever have to pay anyone. Just look at them releasing minor leaguers en masse to keep from paying them a measly $400 a week. Selfish bastards, all of them. If it means no season for the players to not bow to the owners’ whims, then fine. I love baseball and wish for anything that I could be watching a game right now, but I’ll survive.
That looks straight-up post-apocalyptic there.
This is a banana peel away from perfection.
I’m so sorry for your loss. Hopefully he’s watching all the Yankee games over the rainbow bridge right now.
Congratulations!
Shit, I’m American and I watch it like that anymore.
I also like eating pie. Do you want to be friends?
And having people inject themselves with disinfectant.
American here: I like your version better.
I wish every single one of my fellow Americans could read this comment and take it to heart. It’s a brilliant summation of it all.
Minor correction: 358 is George H. W. Bush.
Eh, Jimmy Carter’s a legitimately decent guy.
I hate to cut Jackie Robinson, but Hornsby’s the greatest second baseman ever, and Morgan’s not far behind him. Start Hornsby, bench Morgan, cut Robinson.
Musial starts, Pujols on the bench for his relative versatility, and cut Foxx.
“I don’t see the problem.” - Ted Kluszewski, looking at the back of his jersey in a mirror
They did, man. They absolutely did.
Browns owned in the 50s and 60s, too.
Yes! And Reggie Jackson tried to kill her.
I hope Austin Wells does well (no pun intended). Save for that, I don’t have enough knowledge of the field to have a strong opinion either way.
Both. Both are worse.
[Apparently not.](https://www.jockbio.com/Classic/Reliford/Reliford_bio.html)
I remember watching this on TV and immediately calling my dad... “Hello.” “Jesus Christ.” “Yyyyeah he hit that ball pretty hard, didn’t he?” It takes a hell of a shot to get to those bleachers, let alone past them.
A warning to any future wives of his.
I have a 2-year-old. If you felt your 16-year-old was responsible enough to give your 2-year-old a bath, I don’t see the issue in that. Without knowing the kid, if you judge the kid as responsible enough to do that, then you did the right thing. Your husband needs to settle down. Migraines suck.
Dayyyyyy-o!
Mic drop.
The simple solution is to sit in the stands, where you can spread out a bit more, since there’s not gonna be any fans there anyway.
To be fair, Kinugasa was a badass. He was a catcher, and at one point he continued his streak behind the plate despite a broken collarbone.
While I agree, hopefully nobody puts it on a plaque like the Yankees did with Gehrig’s streak.
Wow - good for him! And I didn’t peg McGwire as such a jerk.
Yes due to his accomplishments as a player ... but with the caveat that he can’t get in until after he dies because he shouldn’t have the ability to enjoy it due to betting on games he was a part of.
Gotta go with 1998. As dominant of a lineup that Murderers’ Row was, the ‘98 team had no holes in it at all. It was as perfect of a machine as it got.
This is where you and I strongly disagree.
This. It‘s 100% the owners’ fault. 100%. If someone says it’s 99.99% the owners’ fault, they’re placing entirely too much blame on the players. If the owners were truly committed to playing as many games as possible, they’d have never offered a 50-something-game schedule and then upped the number of games. They’re just trying to get out of paying players what they promised to pay them. Full stop. And any argument that the owners are hurting for money - perhaps the most ludicrous thing I’ve ever heard from anyone not named Donald Trump - can be resolved if the fuckers just open their books and prove it. The fact that they’re not smacks of dishonesty on the owners’ part.
The apostrophes here bother me almost as much as the fact itself.
Honestly I just thought it’s because I’m from the Midwest.
Any owner who is fighting to not have a season should have their teams forcibly removed from them without any compensation.
Goddammit. Take my fucking upvote and fuck off.
No. It would just disappoint the hell out of me.
Angels v Giants, 2002. Going into the season, nobody thought anything of either team — the Giants hadn’t been to the Fall Classic in 13 years and the Angels never had.
We’re not cousins (or at least not through our Fightin’ 15th ancestors).
Dude - report that fucker to HR. That’s clearly a hostile work environment.
It always blows my mind how bent out of shape people get by that phrase.
As someone who takes tech-support calls for a living, this is just cruel.
I guess the party does stop at Diamond Jo.
Remember having to do the mile run in elementary school? Fuuuck.
I have asthma. I wear a mask.
Two hits. Both off Jon Lieber, oddly in two separate games.
Man I bet taking a shit hasn’t been a really enjoyable experience for you lately.
Still beats fighting in defense of slavery.
I’d love to see it chipped off and replaced with a mural of Harriet Tubman, Martin Luther King Jr., Jackie Robinson, and Barack Obama. (I know I should include Sherman in this sub, but having all African-American pioneers seems more appropriate here.)
Fucking savage.
It’s like everyone’s finally remembering that the pandemic is still going on.
Just figured Brock could at least cover more real estate. Of course all three positions could be flexible based on who they’re facing.
No. That’s not how ground-rule doubles work.
First African-American to hold the nation’s highest office.
Not a one.
But just wait until the second wave comes...
Shit, you’re right!
Which is bullshit in and of itself. Why not just be honest and notate it as, “By rule, player placed on second base to begin inning”?
Yep.
Move the A’s to Camden Yards.
The Babe.
It’s always possible. Hell the Nats wouldn’t have made it into the postseason after the first 60 games.
Saw the Yanks play at the old Yankee Stadium but not this one.
The answer to both is no.
Everyone needs to just be patient about how the Rangers’ new stadium looks already. Give it 20 years and they’ll build a new one.
On Tap is perfect.
At one point you could get a runner out by hitting him with a thrown ball.
I think BJ Ryan did, too.
Yeah but how cool would it be to watch someone break it?
Not at all.
Sir, this is a Wendy’s.
Kevlar. You know, just in case anyone decides to spray some bullets in a rage.
The Kevlar seems about right, all things considered.
Eat my ass.
If this is true, Ferentz needs to go, now. As an alumnus and a fan, I don’t want to associate myself with that bullshit, and Wadley and others shouldn’t have had to put up with it, either.
Bingo.
Still better than Greg “Let’s do a lateral on every fucking play” Davis.
Right? That monstrosity looks like it gets about 2 MPG.
Such a goddamn tool.
