I take a train to work, and the subway, runs about 1hr15min, but I do get to read and surf the web and all.
Resident New Yorker here, we ALL knew he was lying, non-stop, 24/7, for decades.
Unpopular opinion coming in here, but... In May 2016 my wife and I stopped into a Trump Tower on a lark, the MAGA shit had just begun, we were in midtown doing some townie tourism, and were like “wtf, why not, let’s go in, have a bite, a joke for the grandkids.” I shit you not, it was easily one of the better meal deals I have ever had in nyc. I think it was $16 for soup/salad, burger, and ice cream. Burger was great, soup wasn’t bad, ice cream was solid. I feel bad now, but it was a blast then. Can’t even get to that side of the street these days.
He’s generally a decent guy though.
The American Way.
But Bo said only the Rose bowl matters...
Pat Narduzzi must really not want to play Memphis, I guess. Also, UCF's QB forgot the "chat shit get hit" warning.
&gt; Randy Shannon Oh, I am so sorry for you guys.
I would think that Alabama folks are used to getting their asses kicked by Mainers...
Dunno man, y’all look large on the line, too.
This. Breaks down nice and clean and not much argument about it.
We thank you for your service to the state of Indiana.
I’m almost starting to feel bad for united with this dumpster fire.
I would die laughing.
And their AMA thread was essentially hundreds of people begging them to make that pick.
Posters handle is area code 401 (RI)
Battletech. Shits about to get interesting...
Salty af. Maybe don't suck and you'll get a shot.
SO SAY WE ALL!
Nah, I'm fine with it.
The Polls seem to disagree. As do the records. Better luck next year, I truly and honestly cheered every time you kicked Michigan in the dick last week.
Ain’t no hard people in SoHo, ffs.
Yeah, Henry the 5th and the English bowmen at Agincourt.
Yes, because we can sell 40k seats in most big cities at our choosing. Teams join conferences to make more money. We can make conference money without needing to join one to do so. People don’t seem to understand this. When we can’t make money, we’ll join a conference. Hell, we were discussing a super league in the late 50’s with the like of a Texas, OK, et al, but Michigan bailed on it.
The down in fronters won’t be there for this one.
I'll tell ya, this sub has turned me on to games I never knew existed. Cheap $5 buys for 5-10 hours of fun are legit worth it. I'm old, so I remember pumping quarters into arcade machines, IMHO i use that at my cost basis for play, and we're in a golden age of gaming where I can get $0.25/hr entertainment out of a VG vs. $0.25 for 5 mins back in the day. As for Battlefield, BF3 was legit, and BF1 I loved, but only put in 10 hours and never once played online, was just doing the training campaigns. but I got BF2 on steam ,and I can just pick up choppers all day and dick around, it's crazy fun. Happy gaming to you, and happy holidays.
First of all, that's fucking hilarious, second, I just facepalmed so hard when he went Defense over offense.
Apparently not, that one came out super fast.
It's not our fault our schedule sucked, we have to make these up 5-7 years in advance. When USC (8 national titles), and FSU (3 national titles) are down, how is that our fault? Y'all skate to undefeated seasons against a lot of the dame competition. And we did beat two CCG participants from different conferences. Not our fault the B1G West is trash, either. FWIW, I want you guys to get better, it's more fun that way. You've got athletes, your coach gotta go. And I'll ALWAYS root for you over Miami. Because fuck Miami.
Goddamn this is glorious. While Navy winning would help our stats a bit in the computer polls, I live just down the Hudson from West point, and these unis are so fucking on-point. Go Army, Sink Navy!
"Noter Dumb ain't played nobody Pawl, Imma hangupanlissen"
Top 20 football team, Top 20 academic school, Top 20 endowment. Lean into that shit.
Those “Thin Blue Line” Black And white American flags look like a nazi-ish symbol, frankly.
Wait, people used tumblr for non-porn reasons? Whatever will the tumblr-inas fall back on? blogger?
Cheers man. I got as a goner when I was working in Sydney doing graveyard shifts and Foxtel had the EPL games on it got wild (I’m old now) at like 3 am on Sunday going into Monday. My first year watching, one of my good mates was a huge Arsenal fan, and he’s like “ watch this Ashley Cole kid, he’s lights out”. It was November 2003.
Is it really that good? Every time I go to Texas, I end up having bbq (excellent stuff there, fwiw). Is whataburger worth a stop? I’ve heard it compared to In’n’Out.
Win by losing, that’s some Sun Tzu shit right there.
You could also put ND on there with a goose egg, just to complete the Indiana trifecta. Hell, I think they even beat Ball State while he was there, may as well add them too. Reckon that’s the 4 main FBS programs in the state, right?
Well, we technically played LSU in 2018 as well.
They’ll never see it coming.
But you’re not a southern school...
I mean, for a non American, he fucking knocked that for a 6 (cricket home run for my fellow Merkans)
Goddamn what I wouldn’t give for 76% turnout here in the US.
Might get myself a nicer watch than I was planning on.
Reverse mortgages for everyone!
In fairness, with the wokforce having lots of working mothers, it's probably not a horrible thing to provide free day care with an educational component.
We're getting the bill for multiple individuals' poor individual choices to vote for Trump. Why should I have to pay higher prices for items because they voted for him and his tarriffs?
Well Saban has been known to honk the last second decision here and there.
&gt; 80% of IG users don't know it is owned by $FB My wife HATES FB with a passion. Can't stop using IG though. I tell her "those pics all go into the same datacenter." She doesn't care.
TIL. How?
Now there's an interesting “who would win?” Put the Bear between the crackhead and some rocks, but put the bear’s cub on the other side of the crackhead. That’d be some Homer level epic right there.
No. People also don’t realize “Detroit” is generally a reference to the suburbs, vs. people actually living in the city limits.
Ugh, have an upvote.
Spoiler: They probably beat Thanos?
Sooooo will that be Jiffy Pop or orville reddenbacher for you, sir.
Neither can this subreddit. Maybe let's just wait a bit and see what she actually accomplishes?
You should've seen r/gunners over the int'l break.
The other end of the dildo.
The seamless ness of migration from on prem to Azure is a massive advantage. They’re actually leveraging their “we run the business world” position to get people into their cloud.
My cousin was a coastie for a long time, stationed in San Juan, then deployed to the Persian Gulf during OIF. He actually traded fire with Iranians, and has a heaping helping of stories about running drug interdiction in the mid to late 90’s. They saw a lot of action in the period.
Your third point I found surprising as well, I guess Madrid is quite larger than I thought it was.
Wonder what the crow’s distance is for Emirates-Stamford Bridge.
I’m a Pats fan, I was sitting in a bar in Hawaii for that one, surrounded by hawks fans in crisp new Russell Wilson jerseys. When they completed that bobbled pass to get to the goal line, I was fucking triggered, seeing that Lawrence Tyree shit again. So triggered I didn’t even watch the pick, and proceeded to actually be mad at Pete Carroll for not running the damn ball. I calmed down eventually, but man, that one was a roller coaster. I almost turned off the falcons game when it got to 28-3, stuck it out to watch a few commercials. That one was just mind blowing.
On the flip side, wear the right scent and you’ll have trouble keeping women’s hands off you. Thanks, gay dude at Bloomingdale’s who hooked me up!
You and me both. "So governor, why is the subway, which is under your control, falling apart?"
Those who stay will see mirages.
If the RCC is funding this expensive defense, they are all going to burn in hell.
Expedia blows, fwiw. Sorry about your trip.
Jump in, the water's warm!
&gt; steampunk &gt; bad cosplay Isn't that exactly what it is?
Just wait till you have a mortgage and can kick your MIL out if you feel like it. That's POWER, man. Also, yes, the smoking weed part is great.
Thing is though, back in the day, it wasn't actually owned by the city, and it was tolled to pay off the bonds of the corporation that built it...
It is not beyond reason to say that 9/11 might not have been as bad had Giuliani made an effort to fix the radios that weren't upgraded after the first WTC bombing.
I did and actually was impressed with Cruz's joke.
Shhhh, let the people who didn't read the article and can't do basic math have their little tempest in a teapot.
Amazon actually bought ought the Citi lease at their LIC building, and will be moving people in next year.
At the same time, no one is actually doing transactions with it, they're buying and holding. This defeats the purpose of the product.
He's not wrong though.
I keep saying "Get a job programming the robots, or see your job replaced by one." It's going to be an interesting rest of the century.
The emperor has no clothes. He also,has no real challengers.
What’s up with Peru?
I haven’t seen 3 card monte in like 20 years.
What they said below, also I go to [This Blog](https://urbanhawks.blogs.com/urban_hawks/) where they do regular updates of what’s around.
I was driving through Central PA, and saw "Trump!" spray painted on to signs. Meanwhile, my MIL attended the HRC victory rally assured in the knowledge that she would win. She was super unhappy.
During that 2004 speech, my father, a staunch republican, said "That's going to be the next president." Spot on, Dad.
Gotcha, thanks.
No argument here.
I hope not.
Manhattan resident here. Y’all who aren’t from here can’t understand the subway struggle. Literally throwing elbows to get OFF the train at rush hour, with 10 people behind me ready to do the same, as people try to crush in the instant the doors open. Like, WTF people, you can’t fit into this sardine can until we exit, wait a goddamn 5 seconds.
OK fuck off with the BJH hate. That show is fucking hilarious. And yes, I judge people for never watching it, but then I work with people who think MMA is high art.
I have a cigarette lighter port adapter with 2 USB ports in it. No clue where the lighter itself went.
&gt; Democrats could still screw it up and give him a win This is my fear.
From what I gather, he flew it into the water, as opposed to flaring and letting it settle down, yes?
That’s not from Snatch?
The first president to get done for international peccadilloes.
Ha, all 4 walls of my gym are mirrored, so you can’t not accidentally make awkward eye contact during a workout. The double mirror booty scope is great though.
Was a freshman in college, first xmas home from school. A girl we knew, her folks were out of town for the night. So she threw a party, which turned into a rager. Pretty much the party from "Can't Hardly Wait", minus the band and the cops. One dude was pouring tequila into his beer cans and slammign them, he tackled the xmas tree out the front door by 10:00pm, and had to be taken to the hospital and have his stomach pumped. I got smashed, and puked around 1:00am. Party broke up around 2:00, apparently I said "Y'all can come to my house" but I woke up around 9:00am on the floor of the front hallways with the doors locked. The girl's house was trashed, toilet had broken and got used extensively. A few folks crashed there, the parents came home the next morning and began screaming at everyone to get out. 10/10, awesome party.
It really is. A whole different world out there.
So here's a stupid question: if the roof slants down and in towards the pitch, how does rain water drain off of it? Just it just channel off the edges and fall to the field? Great shot, btw.
Vector M12, maybe?
Absolutely. Dead at 80, but i’ll have power most could never fathom for the next 42 years. All the sex, all the drugs, all the market power. Good lord, i’d Take that in a heart beat.
A certain playoff team had to go to OT to beat them this year...
Not gonna lie, I use a certain song lyric regarding a woman’s phone number as one of my passwords. The number is too short, though, so I had to add “ooooh, ooh” onto it.
As a Pats and ND fan, this would be the height of comedy. Edit: hey mods, that’s a sick header. Merry Xmas to you guys and gals.
&gt; plays in an easy conference Shots fired, wow.
Macklin, you son of a bitch...
We went to a fiesta bowl with a 6-4-1 record in like 1994, and got destroyed.
She was in Dungeons and Dragons. It was awful.
Nope. Family wore blue in the war, but they think the gov’t is holding them back because they dropped out of HS and can’t make a decent living.
And by trashy, you mean the NE corner, yes? That’s where my family is from. Dad got out, grew up in Fairfield county. Don’t see many VA Battle flags in that part.
Technically, it was the Bowl Coalition, which begat the BCS. We have lost three Fiesta bowls across the iterations (‘94 FSU, ‘01 OSUw, ‘06 OSUe), And only won once (‘89 WfVU).
&gt; His voters said they agree. This is the real problem.
Ooof, yeah.
/r/trypophobia
What do I win for going to two different parts of Africa and 5 Asian countries?
Harbaugh to the Jets confirmed
Stimpy! I'm so...HAPPY!
That was a different canal, dug a few centuries later.
For sure, Africa is beautiful.
I'll take Meyer over him any day
I'm a Notre Dame fan, too, I am having a bad day.
Life before the internet. Total game changer. I'm only 37, I grew up with it as a teen, but remember life without it quite vividly before then.
I remember crushing your team last month.
Stay classy.
We both beat Michigan!
The end of the 2nd quarter was classic Kelly. Props to Dabo for going for the throat. Game ended there. Thought we had a slight chance at the end of the first. Glad I didn't have and get game and plane tix.
Basic yoga poses. Updog/downdog, child’s pose, great for stretching back muscles. Also, squat like a Russian gangster for a minute at a time, really gets the hip flexors and lower back bits stretched out.
I-90 in Western Washington. I was not prepared for the immediate descent through the Cascades. We were HIGH up there, like a few thousand feet. Threw the car into neutral and coasted all the way down at like 85 until we hit lake Washington. That was wild.
And here I thought Belarus was like their biggest cheerleader.
FWIW, not having to move your family is kind of a big deal.
This. The gov't sees all. Parents aren't the concern here.
McDonald's and Macy's? I have some thoughts as to the type of person responsible.
He's not wrong though.
When I've watched soccer in a UK pub, there's a pint glass icon in the corner of the screen to indicate the TV feed has been paid or the license is paid or whatever. Like how ESPN has the score/clock on the corner.
I have a cousin who's a die hard conservative and he went off for 20 mins on how we're still 30 years behind Germany on transit.
Yes, and they're the basic standard worldwide.
Maybe not brainwashing, but the amount of in your face advertising definitely gives me the vibe that someone's pushing an agenda.
Benedict Arnold is a traitor. Petraeus made a mistake that was not on the same level.
It's been a thing for like 20 years by this point, I'm surprised it's getting so big again.
Needs more fat white people on food stamps and Dollar Tree/General stores.
I like the use of this beloved conservative icon for the meme.
Risk in Digital format. My god it speeds things up like you wouldn’t believe.
My brother flipped the monopoly board when I explained to him that yes, mortgages are legal.
Chat shit, get hit.
“Earth That Was was all used up...”
Don’t push it in my face relentlessly.
Wow, that was a roller coaster ride.
&gt; To me he'll always be Aubrey playing Wheelchair Jimmy. FTFY.
In 1989, I remember walking into CLT with my dad, and mom, as he was leaving for a business trip. Walked to the plane, and onto the plane, and saw the cockpit, despite not having a ticket. Wild.
I'm an American, and I hate the fuckers in my country who fly confederate flags. Criticism is warranted quite often.
Green Day - Dookie. Even the non-radio tracks are amazing. "She", "Welcome to Paradise", great tracks.
Please tell my wife that.
&gt; The Governor of New York would exist but wouldn't exercise much power, Whelp, Cuomo won't like THAT.
I loved that glitch. Get some insane air and fly into a building or something and the cops couldn't get you.
Dude I know he's from TO, and I've seen the album cover of him on the CN Tower. It's a joke going around aboot the "Drake Curse" where he's showing up at an increasingly large number of sporting event in the front row decked out in that team's gear, where said team loses. Relax.
Dude, I saw the first movie, went in not knowing anything about it. Let's just say that there was a scene that caught me off guard, like whoa.
Shame that Vermont has better syrup, though.
The first scene before that, with the handcuffs.
15/16 for sure.
Swype has been around since he was alive, no?
New England = Best England.
Only showtimers have threatened to fight me. Happened on a 4 train, too.
Napoleon was a bad guy?
Also, it's very "boom or bust". These guys don't usually save their money too well, so when there's a cyclical downturn, they end up on welfare or out of work. It's ironic.
Heights. I was on a hot air-balloon ride a few months ago (face your fears, right?), and I had this overwhelming urge to just hop over the edge of the basket into the void. It was terrifying. My dad had it on his bucket list, he was calm as a hindu cow. I was freaking out.
&gt; until he leaves office Yeah, that's not gonna happen for a while...
That's what Times Square is for. The rest of us just want to get where we're going.
Google "TriboroRx", there's a way, but no political clout behind it.
Dude this show was lit.
I have tried to explain this to my wife so many times and she refuses to do so.
3rd one i’d Reckon, that’s Grand Central Terminal.
Nah,mthat’s Florida.
Yeah, had me going for a second.
*looks at picture of Neil Armstrong on the moon* Yeah, gonna have to disagree with you there.
ESA opens up the GCT destination though, which then ties in MNR and the east side of Manhattan.
Ahem, the term is "basic".
Code for "no degree, and I'm unemployed and live with my mom."
Saw it from Greenwich Point in CT this weekend.
This instance appears to be heading that direction if things don't change. NEVER hide money from your spouse, that's the express lane to divorce court.
That picture of Keanu and Dolly Parton is just so out of place.
Nah, I was thrilled to see that happening to this people in the NYT article. Turnabout is fair play.
*raises hand* one of the Shutdown Fullcast guys (cfb podcast) attended there, I believe.
Ignorance is bliss.
Except for Trump...
The biggest villains from the 90's cartoon and we got one solid appearance out of them (DoFP).
The Mr. Peanutbutter Halloween episode with the different love interests was phenomenal.
D.A.R.E to keep cops off donuts. I remember they brought the "D.A.R.E. Car" to our elementary school, it was a rednecked-out mid 80's Firebird. We were all like "Is that supposed to be a cool car?"
1993, Please.
Starring Katherine Heigl.
I'm already expecting my mother in law to end up broke long before she dies. Sucks, but what can I do.
Reverse mortgages are for Banks to take the homes after a certain amount of time and turn around and rent it. Keeps the market from being flooded, and builds up their holdings on the cheap.
The discussion involved cutting ties with a China. Trump would be the one world leader who wouldn’t do so. It’s literally relevant to the post I was replying to.
Get your shit together, Africa. /s
Oh shit. I’m going to bingeing it straight through.
We had to do this at Notre Dame. We had phys ed for both semester freshman year. It was rad, got to play new sports I had never tried before (rugby, handball) and passed the swim test with flying colors.
Whoa whoa whoa. Jesus has brown hair, chief. [Long, flowing brown hair...](https://images-wixmp-ed30a86b8c4ca887773594c2.wixmp.com/f/a07f5383-0b94-4849-bcab-5b166a6edd70/d1n87d9-b754934f-c19c-47e4-a618-bf81650bbe78.jpg?token=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJ1cm46YXBwOjdlMGQxODg5ODIyNjQzNzNhNWYwZDQxNWVhMGQyNmUwIiwiaXNzIjoidXJuOmFwcDo3ZTBkMTg4OTgyMjY0MzczYTVmMGQ0MTVlYTBkMjZlMCIsIm9iaiI6W1t7InBhdGgiOiJcL2ZcL2EwN2Y1MzgzLTBiOTQtNDg0OS1iY2FiLTViMTY2YTZlZGQ3MFwvZDFuODdkOS1iNzU0OTM0Zi1jMTljLTQ3ZTQtYTYxOC1iZjgxNjUwYmJlNzguanBnIn1dXSwiYXVkIjpbInVybjpzZXJ2aWNlOmZpbGUuZG93bmxvYWQiXX0.Zfc9PpSytBN--MZL0Mo1hqgY8GcZYad_XgjKOA7QNN4)
Ah yes, the moment you knew the good stuff had ended on Nick so it was time to change the channel.
&gt; it's basically only between NYC and Philly, and their suburbs Boston has nascent regional rail, but needs a through-running tunnel like Paris has built. DC needs the bridge over the Potomac rebuilt to enable through running, and for Maryland to stop being so hostile to rail transit. &gt; I should be able to take a $20 train from Houston to Dallas This exists, the Trinity Railway Express. The issue is federal funding of highways, and the 90/10 funding split that the Fed DoT hands out. They do not match evenly for transit (the Trump admin want's NY and NJ to cover 1/3rd each of the Hudson tunnel, which goes to a federally owned train station.)
Now we just need our coach to commit to the run...
MARC is plannign to extend to Newark, and the MBTA/MNR connection could be made if CT gets their "Shoreline Metro" plan funded and working.
...can I see it?
Nah, they'll still have the Senate.
I did a business transaction.
"guarding"
Where's Sherman when you need him?
Lost Cause Mythology. Same reason there's still folks who think the Nazis were right and should have won. And it's actually how the Nazis got Germans to gin up for another go-round the "stabbed in the back" ideology where they blamed politicians for quitting jsut when it was about to go their way (ignoring the fact that America had entered and was fresh and ready to kick their ass).
I know, I just wish he'd be able ot get that one tough yard when needed instead of doing stretch handoff shit that take 5 steps to develop. We had two top 10 draft picks one one side of the line, we should've been running behind them 35 times a game.
That's surprising. Soda costs like $0.05/glass to make from the syrup, selling on for $3 is a huge profit for the restaurant.
You mean the ones that catch on fire? Yeah, we had to ban those from our office.
One of the greatest life hacks ever was running a hose in there and pointing it down the slide on a hot summer day. Slide cools off,and boom now it’s a water slide. I feel bad for kids today who will never know the joy of playing in one of these.
I dunno man, i’ve been twice, the highlands are amazing, as are Skye and Islay.
Ha, there's a poor city near me that has had an epidemic of boats being parked on the street and abandoned cause the owner's can afford the upkeep anymore (Bridgeport, CT if you want to google it).
So that's why PAPN is changing...
TBF, there's a national comp the includes national teams every 4 years. Dutch play in it, along with the Japanese and Koreans.
The east coast could certainly use a better HSR system.
African or European?
Yeah, i’m Just jealous that our owner is kind of shit, tbh.
Well, the feds won the tracks. The whole Hudson River tunnel saga is case in point. In Japan or Germany, that shit would’ve been built and done by now. But the feds refuse to pony up (which they should, seeing as it facilitates INTERSTATE travel).
Good bot.
Better get used to playing Wagner...and Bryant, Fordham, URI, Maine...
Ha, no Connecticut, but born in the south.
I believe the laws and angles won't allow for that. FRA regs mean no bowed platforms can be built anymore, and I think the angle on the slope means starting back up hill after a stop wouldn't work. But yeah, build the Airtrain form that spot to LGA ,and you've got a direct Amtrak connection, MNR, and NYCT, and maybe even NJT if they every get through running done properly.
Duke Caboom IRL. Still somewhat shocked Keanu was in that movie.
They're not really aerodynamic.
&gt; You might not have paid for it See, that's the thing. When you buy the house, you can make the rules.
They know exactly where the city was, the harbor still exists. Check y'day's post.
&gt; He runs/ran a real life “Scott’s Tots” program Are you referring to the Robin Hood foundation? They actually do a lot of good and are above board. He's living in Greenwich, CT, still doing the investing thing. Insanely rich guy. Paid for UVa's basketball arena.
NYU is near the local Arsenal supporters bar.
Oof ouch owie.
Yeah, this is causing an issue with the CA HSR project. They have to take more land than they’d need to if they could bow the platforms.
GG Becks doesn’t keep the youngin’ hanging.
Payday loans, but man that’s a great way to make money.
ND grad here. The value of tuition and R&amp;B is over 70k/yr. if you get injured and can’t play, they’ll honor the scholarship till you graduate. It’s not like an SEC school, but it’s got real value, and a degree from ND will get you far in the business world. I actually got to discuss this with Mike Golic, he was 100% in agreeance on this.
I'm assuming that yellow bit in Western Europe is all due to one person...
Wait, there's a new Swamp Thing? Used to love the old one on USA in the 90's.
No he’d just have his caddy drop a ball on the apron and say that’s where it landed. He’s not looking for a ball in the water.
No power lines on the whole route. Damn shame, would make converting to electric operation much easier today.
Good on him. Best of luck.
Floridaman does the opposite, visits Ohio.
&gt; You have people with master’s degrees working entry level positions being bossed around by some old lady with zero education but who’s friends with the CFO or something. This hits close to home. Our firm has a non-profit arm, and the lady who runs it works 3 days a week, but is good friends with the owner's wife, so she get to enjoy special treatment from everyone. She'll walk around to each individual desk to ask k people individually if they'll be skipping lunch time to attend their "board meetings. She had the lady who worked beneath her fired for no real reason.
Really, really cheap. $100 for 2 girls for an hour. Source: That's the price they quoted me when they tried to pick me up at a bar on Copa.
St. Barth's for me.
An car rental companies.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki was as much us throwing down the gauntlet to the rest of the world as it was to end the conflict with Japan.
Oh man, that’s too good to ever happen.
I've lived in the Midwest and South, CT rocks.
CT checking in, we've got them here in some very rich towns.
Farquad's castle is very similar to the ND library building, as well.
Imagine if Clausen had stayed for one more year...
deadmalls.com is my jam.
I'm partway through season 3, and it's starting to dawn on me that he might not be straight.
They did try twice, though.
&gt; On a 3 lane highway, when you add an exit, remove a lane after the exit, so it is a two lane highway. When the on ramp merges again, add back the third and so-on. When you do this, the AI doesn't wait until the last node to change from the far left lane into the far right lane causing traffic jams as much. This applies in the real world as well.
Yeah, just past the part where they kick them off the boat.
There's that circular one in Queens but I think it's been shut down now.
I enjoyed "Glow"
It's worth a watch, it's only 8 mins.
You forgot Tolls.
You should like buy a CD monthly, put that to work.
Busway would be great for the workers at the airport as well, since they live spread out around the area.
Not OP, but I was touring estate sales this summer with my wife (moved from 1-br apt to 4-br house, needed a lot of cheap furniture) and I caught a 5.1 Sony STR DE-475 for $45. Perfect working condition. Estate sales are the way to go.
Yup, used one for my MiniDisc player.
That was Reagan, I think. 1986 or so?
Shit.
Pretty sure that the crashed plane in the desert is a reference to a nuclear event.
Holy shit. Pete and Pete grew up quick on-screen.
Are those... 3rd degree burns on his ass cheeks? At least the explosive bit didn't fuck up his spinal column.
Not to that room he won't. Still pretty awesome dad skills.
I suddenly feel old and sad.
Newgrounds and X-Entertainment.com back before they got corporate (late 90's)
Egg Bowl will be must-see TV next season.
These two, hell yes. I hated 1979 with a passion
Maddox in general. Dude was the first internet mouthpiece.
Oh shit Cliff Yablonsky
Ha, I remember RAGE, used to watch it when I'd get home from the bar job I had at 6 am.
Liz Phair is awesome.
Ha, how old is your dad? I was in HS when this came out.
Gone Away is an absolute banger.
Did it mean to go down like that? Seemed like the engine was working and it had lift. I didn't see any ailerons or anything trying to tip it up.
Politicians are cheap compared to paying higher taxes. It's only the most logical thing one could do.
Not enough hotel rooms in South Bend at a reasonable price. SB weather fucking blows after mid-october.
The Seattle Monorail is of extremely limited utility, has only two stops. They bailed on building out a full system. The Space needle bottom platform (there's two down low) was built long after the fair.
Connecticut Stronk!
**DRAINAGE!!**
US east coast has inland mountains and in the north glacier carved channels.
The flames will do that.
A, E, and L are all about to combine into two distinct lines when they finish their downtown connector, that should happen soon.
Man, Triss was way better in the game than the show.
Vikings, I thought? Weren't the Normans descended form Vikings, and they went to England and kicked out the other descended-from-vikings group?
&gt; ~~His neck was broken during this stunt.~~ Do not try this ~~at home.~~ FTFY
I mean, you did have guys get popped for PEDs last year...
CT number one, baby! Jobs here pay well enough to clear that in under 5 years.
But will he pull the middle voters in the state that need to be won? The Dems will get more votes this next time up, the question is will they be on the places that count.
Hilary pissed off the déplorables whomusually vote blue. The youth will turn out, but will they turn out better than the boomers? Bernie represents a perceived threat to their SocSec, remember how stupid people in this country are, the GOP will hammer on that.
Is that in reference to me? Howard Dean said it best, you have to win before you can govern, and right now the scoring rules say you need to win WI/MI/OH/PA if you want to win the whole thing. Rolling in IL/CA/NY doesn’t matter if you lose the EC.
Nothing more eternal, either.
Heisman.
...which bank account? Because my wife wanted to buy a rental property in Hilton Head, but we might be able to swing a few more than planned.
Shame his dad couldn’t run his routes in the 4th in the 2007 super bowl.
LSU is locked in right now.
Have you not been introduced to 8-Ball the Tiger? Google is your friend.
&gt; LSU is 5-1 in it's last six postseason games. 5-2 in their last seven ;)
Yes. Next question?
It sounds like you should maybe look for a new career that pays better?
I'm having trouble feeling bad for him.
MoS is pretty solid. Never saw Supes straight up kill a guy before.
Last Action Hero was ahead of it's time. People weren't ready for the meta and the biggest action star of the time hanging lampshades all day.
TIL Michael Mann did last of the Mohicans.
"and you go in pieces".
That's a lot of rum, tbf. Like 8 shots or so.
Nah, it's not about speculation, it's about putting your money to work and buying assets that generate revenue. The key to getting rich is Other People's Time + Other People's Money. Which is why I'm looking at buying a vacation home in a high-traffic resort area that can pay for itself with AirBnB/VRBO weekly rentals.
It's working well for me...
The latter, obviously.
"You died on a Tuesday". Forrest fucking Gump. Ugh
Save early and often. If you put that $10k in when you're 22, and continue to add capital, then eventually that 27% year comes along and you're in 6 figure territory. It keeps compounding, and boom there's your wealth.
Hey, if people are too lazy to read the rule book, they get wiped out fast. Once I read the rules and figure out how to utilize mortgages and property auctions, I destroy my competition.
&gt; the air train is going to be a two billion dollar project that no one uses. If they run it at the frequencies of the JFK airtrain, then yes. The PA cannot be trusted here.
Well you gotta clear the rigging.
So Lake Tanganyika flows to the Congo basin? TIL.
I would need a hobby first...
&gt; a huge raise of the bar of overall productivity and creativity in the arts and sciences.... Ah, yes, let's encourage more folks to get worthless english degrees and go into massive debt to do so.
That VW is such a cheap shit car.
If we're going full 1984 then we have to get Oceania set up properly, ya?
Needs moar VA Battle Flag.
Sssshhhhhhh, you're not supposed to talk about the private HS in Westchester that she went to!
Baltimore suffers from poor planning. The Subway and Light rail don't have a proper transfer point. If they could get the red line built using the US40 highway to nowhere, and connect it properly to the other two lines, it would be transformative.
Mass transit is commie socialism donchaknow.
They're actually coming back in a big way. Climate aware folks are using the train to do overnight trips instead of flying.
Japan is building out a full line between Tokyo and Osaka. It's half done, I believe, and you can ride on it.
Wow, that's a great idea, thanks.
How's the rental market down there? I'm looking to buy a condo or something and rent it via Airbnb
People are just mad because of one character death.
Cap just wanted to get his dick wet. Can't blame him.
But she's Love, so it's all good now.
No.
I know plenty about cars, they're too small to be useful. Get a nice Audi or something instead.
Has James Cameron made a "bad" movie? Say what you will, the man's track record is incredibly impressive.
*orsonwellesclapping.gif*
As a Pats fan, good for him. He's a fun player to watch.
I'm a Pats fan, but he's the future of the league.
Lowered water levels, the soils there would be different from the Appalachian soils. Those uncovered lowlands would later become the most fertile soil down there.
Worked once before...
I have a Leatherman just because I needed it for hiking like 13 years ago. Still works ok?
Might be my single favorite Charlie scene of the entire series.
Man, NYC folks just don't understand what trains in the rest of the country are like. Ours are phenomenal in comparison.
&gt; Their athletic facility bears the name of their most notable alumnus: Bruce Jenner. Well that must be something they take pride in.
Earthmoving game is strong.
My school:. Notre Dame stadium is a classic bowl, with amazing sightlines throughout. The older 1930's portion was gutted in our recent $400mm Reno, and they expanded the concourse and improved concessions and restrooms, which was badly needed. The upper deck lost seats, but the seats are wider now, which was needed. The new Colossus that is our luxe suites is ziggurat like from outside, but works nicely on the inside. I think they should have thrown in some stained glass windows on the Reno, but whatever. Other stadiums I've visited: MetLife is massive and bland and takes forever to get to the 3rd deck. Seen us there 3x, though, which beats flying to Chicago. Beaver Stadium was big, but not too impressive. Reminded me of visiting Legion Field when I was a kid. Crowd was impressive, though. Michie Stadium has the best views in CFB. Highly recommend it. Alumni Stadium in Newton, MA, is a claustrophobic bandbox that lacks character and cell service. Easy trip to the hotel from there, though.
We went from ~81k to 77k, and had our first non-sellout since '75, so take from that what you will.
Went there for '90 ND-Tenn. Place was shaking, I was scared as hell until we put it away. I was only 9, so still new to the game, but the entire town was up for that one.
Fair point, Horses were a big force multiplier and great for fast movement and logistics.
Thank god someone gets it.
Awesome, thanks.
That's not what happens when you put up barriers to traffic. People will take fewer trips when there's a known cost involved. People aren't going to commute 30 miles on Rt 1. They're going to take the train instead.
No, removing interstate capacity reduces traffic overall. The exact opposite of induced demand.
"Student loans are good debt". No, MIL, they aren't.
LOL at your train of thought, but I saved that link, thx for finding it.
Ha, I remember a place called “Rookies”, it seemed quite on the nose.
Something something Bra7i1
3 mins to the airport? That's like Sussex area, no?
So is that why Camilla is the Duchess of Cornwall? Cause Charles owns is and Di was already Princess of Wales?
We would win that division 3 out of every 4 years, easily. Which would make our admin even more complacent. EDIT: Well that brought out the haters.
No.
*Looks at trophy case* Close enough to lift the trophy. Two digits amount of times.
&gt; Who remembers the dad's building their Pinewood Derby car? FTFY
Surface master race ftw!
&gt; Rocket Ismail to any ND team ever. This, times 100. Would've given us better shots in 2012 and 2018, and also would've been awesome to see him on the field in the Bush Push game.
Stingray or Thunderbirds?
I got in trouble in 1st grade for telling my teacher that Alaska was not, in fact, located next to Hawaii on the map (Lower 48, + HI/AK in the corner), and was in fact to the north off the map. That resulted to a call home to my mother, also a teacher, who'd been giving me maps and stuff of the US since I was 3.
Ah, gotcha.
&gt; no viable mass transit here *Looks out window at MNR trains going by* Gee, perhaps we could expand this if we had tolls...
Hard nuts = testicle cancer.
If you haven't been to Krakow, Poland, you are missing out on some cool shit. Bonus, you're near the Weilizca (sic) salt mines, and Auschwitz, so there's really a LOT of stuff to see there. EDIT: Also, got to ride around in a Trabant there, that was cool.
Yes, they would have to mingle with "undesirables". Can't be having that, now.
I graduated from ND, the attractiveness ain't SEC-level, I assure you.
From when it was first released until the first movie came out in 2001.
Peak Philly right there.
Star Spangled Banner is sung to the tune of Anacreon In Heaven, for instance.
It would take a lot of shots. The thing is like 180 ft x 80ft, it's massive, and 400 ft up. You'd have to do what the Taliban did in Afghanistan and have a tank fire hundreds of rounds to blow it up.
Sorry, edited, it's 180 feet, not 1180 feet. Still pretty big over an acre and a half of space.
Looting is a choice that one makes. No one has a gun to their head and is forced to.
All over New Hampshire last weekend.
Probably a studio, you can see the wall in the back, there's a bit of forced perspective here.
We're just shields and spears away form it being ACTUAL gladiator combat. The more the big hits cause huge fan reaction and permanent damage, the closer the analogy gets. Panem et cicensis (sic). And I played in HS, I know it's fun, but damn if I'm glad I rode the bench and only played 3 full years.
The mullet...
I got a couple backlogged projects put to bed for the most part. Reduced my weekly workload a bit. Feels like it never stops.
I don't get 40yo Virgin or the Big Short.
China Money
Guess I won't be eating there on road trips.
MY wife puts the TP to the back. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I've asked her why. "I just do it." I flip it back every time I see it. 2 of our 3 TP holders are a single arm, so it's not hard to do, fortunately.
Nah, she'll win her gerrymandered district. She doesn't play upstate though.
Good stuff, I'm in the middle of repairing a sunfish myself, she should be ready for the water by this weekend.
Oh man, urrbody gettin' in on this. King Leopold's Ghost was a devastating read, but worth it to know the history.
Probably some foundation bits acting as ballast.
Yeah, we're getting closer to that point.
In fairness, our guy was a stud playing multiple positions, and help win a few NFL titles/SBs.
The straight up best moments of life right there. then you wake up the next day with a fuzzy brain.
Get married.
Soooo, I'm 39. Is it worth it? I'm slogging through FMA and saw it was like 50+ eps just for the first one. EDIT: Thanks All, it's on the list.
Have you seen Django Unchained?
Your turn, Twitter...
"I am Jack's lack of conscience"
Fin fact, Sherman's statue in NYC faces towards the traitor states
They used to not automatically return to the ground floor. Had to have someone work it to go to the floors requesting pickup.
41yo movie. Rosebud was the sled.
You mean r/wallstreetbets?
Level 2a: aaaah it's stuck in meeeee!
Oh shit Lowell Weinerman!
No huddle offense. Would give BK a rock hard erection.
Regina George got hit by a bus.
This is the one that'll get the old folks concerned.
LOL, he's not losing evangelical support at all. Episcopalians and catholics, otoh...
NGL, the internet has ruin ed porn for me. I remember the VHS days, you'd turn it back on right where you'd left off. Now, you can pick any moment in the scene.
Wow, that's the ultimate anti-thesis to that alright blue line flag they use. Love that it's GW's symbol, too.
Amadeus is amazing. Awesome soundtrack.
Ferris Bueller holds up.
T2 &gt; T1 by a country mile.
And then, no joke, he became governor of a prison colony on the Tasman Sea.
Showing my age here, but I remember him as the smarmy older brother from the Hogan Family, one of those THIF chicago-verse shows.
Millwall Ultras vs. the NYPD, who ya got? I actually went to a match at the New Den, great lot of folks, more horse cops than I've ever seen in my life.
They built a wall instead.
Second best space battle in the series after RotJ.
Matches up to all the time periods perfectly.
The ass-blaster 2000?
The Onion has been on fire lately.
Russia didn’t free the serfs until the latter half of the 19th century.
Western ave is screaming for a BRT Route. Look at all the stations it hits.
And yet the South shot first.
&gt; Every breakdown is a chance to learn solutions for the future. Fucking poetry right here.
Awful place. Citi is better than Yankee stadium, tho
The slow burn helps.
Detroit is east of Atlanta.
Had that happen to me around 2009. Was meeting them at a football game, hadn't seen them in a while. Saw a pair of old people who looked like my parents and the realization washed over me, that's my mom and dad.
Just don't blow up the mirrors...
My little brother was good friends with one of the kids in that movie, when he came by after filming I asked him what it was like working with Farva.
Do people not like those? Easily the best comedy trilogy.
“Niiiiice beaver!” “Thanks, I just had it stuffed.” Little kid me had NO clue about that double entendre.
Rewatching Community with my wife who's never seen it, but she loves Glow, Ali Brie def got hard, but man she was sexy af in Community.
5
Xbox isn't Brutalism, it's mid-Century Modern.
So I went to what might be considered the pre-eminent Catholic university int the country (Notre Dame). We were required to take two semesters of Theology. Upon finishing the first one, in which the history of how the New Testament was written was laid out for us in a factual manner, I was 100% convinced Jesus dies on the cross, and he did not wake up three days later. The history of how the story was edited afterwards was fascinating. And it doesn't change what he stood for, but transubstantiation is bull shit as is the resurrection.
Captain America. Cheezy, but they did a phenomenal job building his character, and then I was straight bawling at the end of Endgame when he finally gets to have a dance with Peggy.
&gt; I once joked Ender's Game would be the perfect Anime, but after I said the joke it kind of dawned on me that it'd probably be more effective if it was an animated series. Neon Genesis Evangelion.
German’s pretty easy to pick up bits of if you speak English. At least using Bitte and Danke gets you a long way.
Check out Vancouver’s System, or the Docklands light railway in London.
Reminds me of that episode of Love, Death, and Robots.
Man, if India and China get into a scrap, what're the odds that Pakistan hops in too? All three are nuclear armed, shit might get real crazy real fast.
It's insanely long north to south, s makes sense it'd hit.
We have it happen to us a bit, there's the famous "Sea of Red" game when Nebraska came in 2000, and then UGa brought everyone and probably had 55-60% of the crowd in 2017.
Ours is pretty self-explanatory.
Yeah, our bleachers suck, those cupholders sound nice.
5-7, we sucked. Beat KU, OU, USC, lost to UM/PU/MSU in consecutive weeks. Lost to BC an UTn, I believe. Utterly forgettable year. Bob Davie was trash.
Can't hate that leather harness bit she has on. They must have fun.
Napoleon Dynamte lied to me.
I agree night games are way better, but all the old people (read: Rich donors) think they’re entitled to get back to Chicago in time for a steak dinner. Our stadium is a tomb for day games against the likes of Ball State. The night game against Texas was awesome.
The thing is, they have to get the guy out of there, because the bull is likely to come back for more. Damned if you do, damned if you dont. Not damned if you stay out of the damn ring, though.
Nah, I lived in NYC when Katie Holmes left Tom Cruise, there were Scientology guards watching in a tinted window SUV as she came and went form her apartment. Pretty messed up shit.
Depp had a lot of other baggage, but he also had the tapes to prove his innocence (full 180 in fact), so there's that. Public opinion soured fast, but turns out he wasn't ever in the wrong.
How on earth would you jump start it, then? I'll talk shit on Mercedes Benz all day, but putting the battery in a side compartment in the trunk for easy removal is genius.
Yes, in Australia. Rupert Murdoch controls much of the AFL TV rights, and the news channels (Sky).
70% of the US?
This is why I have 4 different battery chargers for power tools.
Thoughts and Prayers.
Alright, alright, alright...
OG Alien.
I feel like Andy was the last hope for salvation for a while. I will absolutely vote against Cuomo every chance I get because of his mismanagement.
True. The corporation were bastards.
Nah, the electricity is already grounded at the water
"Rat farts!!!!"
About 170 years ago, they did...
Mulan is going to bomb hard.
Don’t be sad that it’s over, be happy that it happened.
Northeast Passage is the new hotness. Been around the horn myself, fwiw.
Or potatoes, that one time...
The Airport isn't on the Russian side though.
Yeah, it's a great doorstop.
I voted for Bo Dietl...
&gt; God this ~~city~~ mayor sucks so much ~~at times~~. FTFY
On the flipside, this once in 100 years pandemic is resulting in ND's first and possibly only visit to Annapolis in history. Which sucks, because we'd planned to go to Ireland, but fortunately didn't buy plane tickets.
I mean, it's still made from a mash... I guess it's just brown moonshine.
That was hilarious.
The XP75 was by far the best one they made.
Well, if Byford had something to do with it, then it has to go! /s, obligatory Fuck Cuomo.
Oh, he’s gonna go to jail, isn’t he?
Hate it all you want, but we're the space between Boston and NYC. Gotta go with the flow, because the flow goes through us. The steps taken to ameliorate the situation seem to be paying off, so let's keep at it.
Washington Warriors. Done. Keep the colors and put a spearon the helmet like FSU does. It's not hard, it's just Dan Snyder.
So you could say... Everyone's a little bit racist?
Can't spell Indiana without ND.
Oh yeah, he's demonized for no real reason other than he's rich and has progressive things that he funds.
I thought the dad would crack open the dash to roll back the odo in Matilda?
Alan Ruck carried that movie. Perfect foil for Ferris, and way more relatable.
Spoiler, money doesn't make you happy, it just keeps you fed so you can deal with other stresses.
He got String, at least.
Lose the seal and it’s salvageable.
End of the video is like a commercial break freeze frame from Dukes of Hazzard.
So "Dark" is a documentary, then.
I trust the caddy more than him, tbh.
It was, until A/C came along.
Unless you're in one of those First Nations schools...
One Billion dollars? I'll walk the runway for Victoria's Secret for that money.
