Shortcuts on your desktops are not the actual programs. They live elsewhere so deleting a shortcut will not end your access to Chrome. I get that you're a genius CPA but sometimes I wonder.
We have one client that always sends in tickets with the subject line "phones". That's it.
Remember when Democrats wanted free speech so badly they sat and protested in the 60s for the right for everyone to be heard? Now the same Democrats are fighting FOR censorship. Disclaimer: I'm pretty heavily libertarian on the governmental front
What about a "2 ply hefty bag to hold my-y-y-yy love?"
Not good enough. They are convicted and need to be castrated.
I'm not gay, but if Dan Crenshaw asked me my pants would be off without a second thought.
You're one headscarf away from being a sideshow attraction at a circus in the Himalayas that doubles as a Yeti Petting Zoo.
I need to wash mine so my phone doesn't look nasty.
I work IT and we need to put in time against tickets so there's literally no way they can fudge my hours. Plus we are required to keep track of our time ourselves. Much nicer than my last job
I'm a Millennial Dad and I'm doing my damnedest to DIY when I can. Saved hundreds of dollars by paying $15 for the bulbs on the back of my car to replace them
It's rough when your sister escapes the basement isn't it?
I don't understand why the truck is a bad thing as I was informed the story. I get what he wants to avoid it, but both times it fit the story so perfectly
A funny joke from the world unfunniest person. Even a blind squirrel find a nut I suppose.
I mean, I 100% understand the criticism. I've been there with other things I love. That being said, it isn't the biggest deal in the world to me personally and I still want to play the game.again, 100% understand, but it's not a gamebreaker for me.
I mean, yes, but also no.
This is the new XKCD
Man, I was obsessed with Bionicle as a young one. I remember subscribing to the Lego Magazine specifically for the monthly Bionicle issue. Then when Mask of Light came out I begged my mom to see it in theatres and had my mind blown. Then the sequel came out and I loved it more because it was a prequel.
Maybe out of context but is that show any good
I love my QB because he looks AMAZING in shorts
I heard that in the narrator voice from *Naturama*
So anyone else getting a crucifix vibe?
I'm stuff
Are you me? I had that experience and was so humbled I almost quit.
Yes. How is that even a question.
*Andy Reid wants to know your location*
When people quote precedent as the overarching principle of the courts, remind them of *Dred Scott*
The Atlanta Falcons blowing a 25 point lead in the Superbowl. They had one job: beat the Patriots. One FUCKING job. But no. They had to go and choke harder than OP's mom on a 21 inch dildo at night.
Just nuke the bastards and be done with it. Fuck me, they are a paper tiger
But this is the only place I've seen this. God I'm so done with these people.
But muh popular vote or some shit
Vietnam was a political loss, not a military one. Iran is a paper tiger. They would be wrecked in less than a week.
Not sure if attacking a US military aircraft over international Waters counts as aggression but I would at least understand it.v
I give you 24hours before you're right or I guild this comment
I've been trying to blast this. Look at the legislation they're trying to get passed. It's HB2020. It's cap and trade that will cripple our economy
Don't see a problem here. Separation of powers and all that.
There's no such thing as an unwritten Constitution that governs the USA. There is the Constitution and nothing else. If you want to change it there's a way to do so.
And the Clintons sold access to their influence via their charity. Scummy when this guy does it, scummy when everyone does it.
I just started the first book. It's a long read but a good one
Yes, because those aren't the law of the land; only the Constitution is.
Interesting.
She did when she sold access
I had this idea of turning the Harry Potter books into a series of Broadway musicals. I've already composed the intro song for Uncle Dursley's weird day at work, and choreographed the dancers to mix with muggle/wizard attire
Works for me
So what to do about the other 99.1% of trash in the ocean that doesn't come from straws?
Read up on HB2020. This would kill multiple industries in this state and hinder any job growth. The R's in my God forsaken state are right to not even show up.
Right, they get no pay. Ooh. Where does that give the governor authority to deploy the fucking police.
That's certainly one very liberal reading of it, but did the Senate vote or is this the governor's unilateral action?
There's a statute that is very vague about compelling attendence. That's about it.
The problem is they think it's for the good of the rural areas when it's not.
Right, and people still take the UN Seriously?
God I felt for that man in my soul.
Dude, I literally cried tears of happiness when my daughter was born. I have cried exactly 3 times in the last 3 years. 1 - When my daughter was born 2 - Just once when I was holding my brand new baby girl and it was so perfect. 3 - "I love you 3000"
I'm almost certain he is in the process of not. I
I disagree. It's the classic leftist "We know better than you because we're educated and live in a big city"
That's a good way to have a weak military
I hate kids at protests. Even if I agree with you, anprotest is no place for kids until they're old enough to truly understand it. More along the lines of high schoolers who can at least make attempts at reasoning and understanding.
You should try their Sumatra blend. Smoothest coffee I've ever had.
God last season was so epic. I hope this season is equally as iconic.
The absolute monster line we had that involved Mario Williams, Meatball, and Marcella Dareus. God that was something to behold.
Their Twitter is already suspended
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
Right guys but remember even though he has never been convicted of libeling anybody, or any company, James O'Keefe lies.
The problem I have is that there isn't a viable alternative to Android OS. There's iOS and Android OS. There needs to be a viable third party option then I'm all on board.
Dan Crenshaw is bae for this.
Oregon is being stupid because the Governor and Democrat Supermajority are attempting to circumvent the people. The cap and trade bill HB2020 has already failed on one ballot so instead, they are passing it through the house/Senate. The Republicans in the state Congress know that this is not the will of the people so they are doing whatever they can to block it. They said that if the Dems put the bill to a ballot measure so the people of the state could decide, they would return to the state Senate Chambers. Instead, our IDIOT governor and Dem Supermajority are refusing to let the people decide and are causing this themselves. This is the second walkout by Senate R's because they just passed a tax on businesses making more than $1 million to "fund education". The problem is that there's nothing in the tax that stipulates how the money is to be spent, along with taxing any successful small business. Our governor and Democratic Supermajority in the Senate are literal retards.
Ah that's a misreading on my part then.
You're welcome. Today there was a convoy of literally hundreds of trucks going to Salem to protest this bill at the capital.
It's an aggressive cap and trade bill that taxes carbon emissions. It's a heavy handed environmental bill.
It's Portland, Eugene, and Salem that run the state. 3 cities that are in the northern part and run by leftists.
Except that was only the city people freaking out
My daughter is only 3 and a half and I would be cut down to my core of she ever said anything like that.
Between this and the statewide rent control bill that just passed we are in for a load of hurt here in Oregon. I have two years left to finish getting my degree Oregon Institute of Technology and then I'm out
Fucking right?
Is it violence if I say "Boom, got him?"
What's "Big Mood" mean?
So it's another "Same" but with more words?
Peace and quiet. 3 year olds and work doesn't afford lots of time for that.
Someone got paid to write this drivel while I get paid to work 40+ hours a week at a useful trade. Fuck me what is this world coming to.
He's done.
https://m.bild.de/regional/berlin/linksextremismus/92-prozent-der-berliner-linksradikalen-wohnen-noch-bei-mutti-44249918.bildMobile.html#fromWall
I'm just now learning he's gay. Dude does good journalism that's all that matters
They are because it's fucking Portland.
She is hilarious as an actress but her show is bad.
Can I have some citations on these intentionally false stories?
u/uwutranslator
The only mayor with less brains is DeBlasio
u/uwutranslator
Gonna paste my comment from the earlier thread here: Resident Oregonian here. The Portland mayor has issued a command to the Police to not intervene. https://godfatherpolitics.com/portland-mayor-stands-by-orders-to-police-to-stand-down-as-dangerous-antifa-rioters-attacked-citizens/ And allows them to block traffic at will. http://amp.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/oct/14/ted-wheeler-portland-mayor-stands-decision-allow-a/ Not only that, but he demanded an investigation when a police officer was "caught texting radical right wing extremists." https://www.nytimes.com/2019/02/17/us/portland-police-patriot-prayer-texts.html It's so bad, that all of the major businesses in the Portland area operate outside the city. Nike is in Beaverton Columbia is in Beaverton There are tech companies moving into Oregon, but they are avoiding the major metropolitan areas and setting up shop in the more rural areas
Ahsoka Tano, Anakin Skywalker, Oni Wan Kenobi, Count Dooku and Hando Onaka? I'm good
If I remember correctly that's from the nightmarish sequence on dathomir
To be fair, it was against backups and you only scored 13
Again, injuries aside, you were not playing against the Bills full first team and looked bad doing so
NFC Playoff Defences: "I'm in danger"
Looks like Oregon is putting the "Special" in Special Teams again today
Hurr Durr atheism amirite?
My 4 years old doesn't even know Frozen 2 exists and I plan on keeping it that way
She's straight dark nasty evil, end of story
So looks like we are gearing up for the ASU version of Oregon today.
I love what Wisconsin is doing. They are showing a formation and then changing at about five seconds left on the play clock. Good job confusing the defense.
It was a great commercial though
Yeah, they aren't playing well and this is not a good look for them
What the actual fuck was that. What the actual fuck is our team doing right now?
Go for it you cowards
Herbert has the tools but I think having 3 different coaches in his time here is finally showing.
So I guess the Ducks decided to full Stanford; wear out your own defense by not doing anything productive on offense.
They were murdering us with Sweeps on their last drive
I'll take things I never thought I'd hear in my lifetime for $2000 Alex
Mind explaining how this is the end of democracy? Last I checked we still have free elections.
He looks like he's about to cut open and live inside a Taun-Taun for the winter.
God that sub is just a cesspool
Yes because this is an escalation to Iranian backed militias forces storming sign US soil
I mean no. Colbert used to be hilarious, making fun of everyone. Seth Meyers was funnier on SNL. Now it's just "Clapter" and virtue signalling.
Nobody wants war. This was a retaliatory strike against Iran due to them having direct involvement with the attack on the US Embassy. Fucking hell people.
We actually did have full permission to be in Iraq and conduct military operations.
Thanks, I hate it
I was today years old when I immediately became super squeamish about brain surgery
It's Garyl
I threw out my back 2 days ago and I have not had a chance to get to a chiropractor. I'm hoping that if I get in today it's not during the game otherwise I might have to suffer through the pain
THE BILLS MAKE ME WANNA SHOUT
We still aren't supposed to. Those team is amazingly coached and our players are stepping up when it counts.
I disagree but to each their own
Shit I have to fight Vader? I thought the 9th sister was hard.
We Baltimore now boyos
If the rest of our team plays that well for the rest of the game, I'm going end up comatose drunk
Gore dropped it
Buffalo Secondary needs to settle down a bit
I fucking love the Cookie Monster
I fucking love Cookie Monster
Not gonna lie, I would take Taylor Swift to pound town in a heartbeat
How salty would dolphins fans be if another AFCE team won the Superbowl in their stadium?
He's down
This defense makes me so horny
Wait, Trebeck is leaving?
Fucking Duke Williams man.
"I'm afraid you'll find this offense is fully operational"
Fuck off Houston with that late hit ahit
When the entire nation is watching Josh Allen he says fuck you draft analysts
That was a perfectly placed ball to Duke. Fuck off.
Even then, we've swallowed them up in the backfield apart from one good run from Hyde
Imagine of we had Hopkins instead of Houston.
Splooge
Bills are playing like a team possessed
Is this what it's like to watch competent football? What the fuck.
Sean McDermott deserves coach of the year
Go for it dammit
BUFFALO!
He's there only one trying anything
This was before Josh went super Saiyan
Can't leave Ford on an island against watt
He's an entertaining dickhead
Duuuuke
Healthy Duke is a little OP
Josh is right on the money today
Wow, announcers slobbering on the Texans
I think the Bills Oline decided to stop playing
Damn, only the second bad throw of the day
Dammit, why was Poyer playing so shallow?
Fuckity fuck fuck fuck This drive brought to you by the refs
This touchdown brought to you from the refs
Not Josh's fault.
You try doing so when your Oline decided to stop playing and your recievers can't catch
Why are we giving the ball to gore? Fuuuuuck
Our offensive line couldn't stop a cold right now.
We are one serious WR away from a SB
No fucking clue
I'm literally going to die of cardiac arrest
I think I'm going to die by heart attack while home alone with my 3 month old.
Look at all that fucking holding on Houston's side
Fuck that. Watson has Hopkins and Allen has at most Brown
Seriously fuck this refs. They don't call shit on the Texans all game.
Seriouslyx fuck the refs for calling a one sided game
Fuck the refs for real. All that holding on the Texans conversion in OT wasn't called because the Bills are less marketable.
Fuck you, but also fuck the refs
If they do I will slit my wrists
Fuck ogg
Fuck off
Good
Fuck off clown
Welcome to the NFL
No they don't They need to keep letting him run
Once Brady and Belichick retire and you'll be just like the Bears fans, remiscing over what was
Lol ok. At least I can ret easy knowing my team never cheated and I don't live in fucking Boston
Lol ok Boomer
Ok buddy. Keep rooting for an organization that will be a has been in 2 year time you spoiled brat
If AB wasn't a piece of shit he wouldn't be on the pats to begin with
Nah,.he's be either in Oakland or Pit
No thanks
What are you talking about? They do if their jobs against the bills
At least we have a better team this year and don't need to cheat and have the refs prop is up
It'll happen. BB wanted Garappolo 2 years back instead of Brady
Nah, that was on Daboll
And yet hundreds of Iraqis were celebrating at 430 am their time. Funny
Thoughts on hitting Jay Gruden as OC?
Cause we stormed an assaulted our own embassy. Ok buddy
After every loss, the Bills come back bigger, badder, and stronger. Looking at next year makes me truly believe that a true #1 WR, CB#2, and more Oline help will make the Bills absolutely dangerous
Fine. Fuck em. They don't want our help let's see how quickly Iran invades
I'm ok with it. This has been a wildly entertaining playoffs and it's so much better when we don't have to worry about ANOTHER Patriots Superbowl
I'd be so happy
Shit could you imagine Brady with a creative playcalling like Reich?
Does clapping Aaron Rodgers' cheeks count?
How many of the extra 5-6 rounds picks would it take for is to leverage them into higher round picks for better WR talent? I have a gut feeling that we are going to miss out on a true #1 WR because of of our unexpected success this season.
Dude is a project QB that has taken a bigger year 2 step forward than Jets Saviour Sam Darnold, Browns Saviour Baker Mayfield, and ~~Arizona~~ Miami Saviour Josh Rosen. Out of the blue Chip QB prospects taken in round 1 of the 2018 draft, only 2 of them have winning records as starters; Lamar and Allen who were considered the worst of the bunch.
With Brady it's different because he's one of the smartest QBs in the league, if not the most physically talented. While I agree with your premise, Brady is truly a different case than normal QBs
Take him seriously but not literally. When this admin decides to take military action its never actually announced, it's just done. Case in point: no one knew that Suleimani was being targeted until he was actually dead. No one knew all Baghdadi was within croissants until he was actually dead. It's just posturing
I think Wade is the answer to the Gore problem. A solid between the tackles runner that isn't losing a step.
Dude, their cover of True Colors during the climax of the movie gave me chills.
Fuck you and the horse you rode in on.
I wonder what Reddit's reaction would be if this was a North Korean "military official" in South Korea. Soleimani was terrorist, directly associated with Hezbollah as well as the US Embassy being ***BURNED DOWN*** or did you all forget that? What is it about Iran that has you all so eager to slobber all over their dick? Is it the fact that they killed [upwards of nearly 2,000 peaceful protestors since mid-december?](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/12/26/world/middleeast/iran-protests.html) Is it the fact that literally [No one except the Russians](https://foreignpolicy.com/2019/12/11/collapse-iranian-shiism-iraq-lebanon/)are okay with Iran running their countries? But oh no, according to Reddit, Trump is a Putin puppet so why would he possibly attack the one Russian ally in the Middle East? Is it the fact that Iran is [directly involved in shooting rockets at Israel?](https://www.brookings.edu/opinions/hezbollah-revolutionary-irans-most-successful-export/) Tell me Reddit. Tell me more about how Iran is the good guy.
Escalating war tensions? Iran doesn't want war with the US because that means Ayatollahs lose their heads. US doesn't want war, this admin has at least been consistent with this. This was a reestablishment of deterrence.
So because we did some bad things 50 years ago, we are suddenly the bad guys today? Better tell Germany they're still the bad guys
Sure. doesn't mean that a war is actually going to happen
What war? Are we at war with Iran?
Seriously underrated show
Right, all of it without cause I'm sure?
Right, 50 years ago we did some bad stuff. Doesn't excuse their actions.
They said black face, not cock
What being a line fan isn't terminal enough? *Cries in Buffalo*
Noah, get the boat.
Did they start the fire? If not then they are not at fault. Piss off
Wait, you didn't hack the probe Droid for help?
This guy Fucks. My wife's go to dirty talk is that she wants her pussy to squeeze all of the cum out of me.
Like that guy in /r/NFL who attempted to explain away Patrick Mahomes' success by changing his stats for literally no reason
It's a tie between Astral Chain and Jedi: Fallen Order. Both have great stories and my favorite gameplay of new games this year. Between the two I probably have at least 100+ hours put in
Wait, do you not?
Yup, live just down the road from it
This is the way
No. I wouldn't trade my wife and kids for anything.
Always at Bricktowne. Not sure what time, but likely when I can get away from my actual IRL responsibilities.
So the OT was satellite internet? And the PT was Google fiber?
Pretty sure there is a Steely Dan song about a man who stole your water.
Iran doesn't care. They killed almost 2,000 of its own citizens that were peaceably protesting within themladt 3 weeks.
I'd buy before the senate starts moving on this
Gone Girl
Hop is already a lot better of a rival after the update unless I've missed something since my first playthrough
Battle skill. He dumped his wooloo entirely after losing to Bede
Why is him having a fun unwholesome?
Really? Last I checked we have fucking parades celebrating them.
He did state during the battle that after losing to Bede he was going to just try anything to win in order to keep Leon's name clean.
It will take someone from the Military to step out and take charge if there is to be actually change. They are beholden to the Mullahs and until that changes, all that's going to happen is more of the same. Look at Venezuela, they have a disarmed populace with the military backing the leader. Without weapons a revolution has no chance.
That's some Galaxy brain level coaching right there
Damn Baltimore, it's.loud enough that the ref has to yell, and he's got a microphone
Dude turned what would have been a 5 yard sack into a 2 yard game
I mean, what are you gonna do against this offense? Their worst games were against top 5 defenses and of the teams left, only the Niners have anything approaching that on D.
Vrabel is playing with that big dick "beat the Patriots" energy
Like they water everyone
That was such a bad drop by Roberts
Harbaugh looks like your dad that isn't mad, he's just disappointed
Dude, Titans are gonna win the whole damn thing
Cause they've already made the max they will make with ads for Star Wars
Those cheerleaders must be freezing.
Oh fuck off
How is it warmer there than in Southern Oregon right now?
Why not try a play action on 4th and 1?
Derrick Henry is a man playing amongst boys
Ryan finally living to his potential and he has a hot wife. Life's not fair.
Lamar "Fuck it, I'll do it myself" Jackson
That is a LOT of drops by the Ravens
Not as good as their pass defense
I'm invoking Poe's Law
I'm 27 so I'm in the same boat my friend
What the actual fuck is this divisional round?
Could the announcers gargle JJ Watt's nuts even more? They did the same damn thing last week
Good God man, did all of the KC offense forget how to catch?
Someone needs to teach the Chiefs how to fucking hold on to the ball. Holy hell
I'd boo too. Fuck, that's 4 drops, 2 muffed special teams receptions.
If I were Mahomes, I would straight up just murder my receivers at this point. Nothing more he can do since the balls are on point every time.
Before the slowmo. Afterwards it looks clean
Doesn't mean they didn't play wel
If the Texans lose I will laugh so fucking hard after us getting shredded for losing after going up 16-0
I hope Houston doesn't score another point
Has cybernetic implants
BuFfALo LoST a 16-0 LeAd LuLz
Okay Verizon, How hard core do you think mobile gaming is?
Well, Kelce also remembered to catch the ball. He had 2 really bad drops
Why the fuck did I feel emotions from a Honda ad!?
Honestly, I think Deshaun is going to be the AFC version of Russell Wilson
Kelce is what I imagine Knox will develop into
Texans are the alternate version of that Honda ad where the dude dies.
You'll see less death at that movie
Mostly because the inevitable match of Belichick and Brady doesn't exist this year
Dude. That's too much.
What the fuck was that call?
It's going to be Niners and Chiefs on the Superbowl; battle of the Tight Ends
He should have more SB but Jerruh screwed him
My dude, all cable news is garbage
Wilson is the news staple in the NFC, and Mahomes/Watson will be there in the AFC for a while. Changing of the guard for sure.
Ignoring the 200+ arsonists. Yes environmental conditions are bad, but if people weren't intentionally starting fires like dickwads this wouldn't even be a problem.
Lockett dragged the defender to the ground. Yes they were being handsy but that is too far.
I mean, it was dumb but idk why people were lost my their shit
Bookmarked
To be fair, he was not wrong in that statement
And Oregon too. Just wear a jacket like a normal person. It's only ~~water~~ liquid sunshine
We were so close this year
And they sit on the UN Human rights council. The UN is a fucking joke
So Spoilers ahead for those who haven't played the game yet You know why they're pissed? The female characters in this game aren't perfect. **Cere**: Broke under torture, gave in to the dark side, gave up her apprentice to Vader and the Inquisitors. **Merrin** misplaced rage at the cause of her night sisters' eradication causes her to side with the dark side force users. **Trilla** Broken under torture with unfounded rage against her former master who gave her up and caved to the dark side. They are all great characters with flaws that cause then to grow and change throughout the series. But because they're women they absolutely can't have any flaws whatsoever. /S
The "writing off" you speak of happens when women become SAHM and I don't understand it. My wife does good work. She may not be making money, but does good work being a housekeeper at home, taking care of out two daughters, and being an all around good partner for me. I don't honestly get why people devalue it. The idea that SAHM "waste" time and have nothing to contribute to society is incredibly naive and biased. SAHM contribute to the raising of children who then go out and do more to contribute to society. SAHM provide a home for their partner to come home to an relax. SAHM provide a safe place for their family at home. It honestly infuriates me when people insinuate or outright say that SAHM are wasting time and contributing nothing to society at large. They fill a huge societal role that is massively underappreciated in today's day and age. Yes, some SAHM are absolutely batshit crazy, but that is independent of them being SAHM.
Who cares? So long as they don't cross boundary's or attack the US or US allies they can say what they want.
So why did Modell move the Browns?
Hobby Lobby has them. I sent out a tweet to their corporate Twitter account giving them kudos, and left a positive feedback note with the local management.
Drink only Bud light since it's basically water anyways.
With at least one SB win to boot.
Have we ever had this problem recently?
I didn't know who he was until Kingsman
Guess I'm a real life Pokemon trainer now
You can add 41 year old Drew Brees to that list, and 39 year old Fitzpatrick Edit: Fitz is 37
So long as it's not a Superbowl against Buffalo I'm okay with this
I disagree with your premise. Liberty should always take precedence when no direct harm is being applied. As long as my freedom does not do direct harm to others, why should my actions be regulated?
I want one of those pens so I can write a campaign donation check to Trump with it
I'm 100% using this. Thank you kind sir
I mean, they did.
Incorrect. The US Congress never ratified the deal so we were never part of the deal.
BuT TrUMp iS dEStrOyIng tHe COuntry
It's a treaty not ratified but Congress, thus making it null and void. It's not a difficult prospect to understand. Commonality might be that the Iran deal was "accepted"; however, that does not mean it is Constitutional. Also, you fail to understand that if it's not in the Constitution, by definition it's Unconstitutional. The federal government's sole governing document is the Constitution. Nothing can change that. You are really misunderstanding the ideas of the founding, and that while a strong federal government is necessary, it does not mean that the federal government gets to exceed its mandate given in the Constitution. Again, if the Federal government acts outside of what the Constitution says, then that law is by all means Unconstitutional. Even laws that I might agree with as still Unconstitutional. This is the fundamental principle of the US Federal Government. If the federal government wanted to change it's powers, there's a Constitutional Amendment process that is built in to the Constitution to change that.
&gt;What it seems is that you're talking out of belief, and not out of a matter of facts, that the Federal government shouldn't do anything else than apply the Constitution and that everything else should be left to individual states. In that case, should individual states be allowed to trade individually with Iran? These are the facts of the founding and something that should be taken back into account as the US Federal Government has far exceeded its Constitutional Limits, which is the point I'm trying to make. While we might follow what Congress passes for "Laws" regarding the governance, within its bounds Congress has a lot of work to do regarding foreign policy, enforcing the Constitution, etc. And no, individual states are not allowed to trade individually with Iran as they are not allowed to violate the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution which states that Federal laws/policy override state level policy.
I mean no? Kids say things like this all the time into magic 8 balls.
Any proof that the intent was to bolster 2020? Cause the impeachment hearings in the House didn't prove it.
So you're claiming that the Obama Admin wasn't taking directions from people close to him? It's a weak argument my man.
What evidence? What evidence has been presented besides inference.
Again, inference is not evidence.
No, but this is the first impeachment to not include any high crimes or misdemeanors
Which law do the impeachment articles cite for abuse of power?
I know more than you give me credit for, because I know that you would never get anyone to convicted on circumstantial evidence alone. The fact of the matter is, you are ignoring the broader picture of the phone call and what he was talking to Ukraine about. You are technically correct that Hunter Biden is the only named person in phone call; however, you failed to mention that he is also addressing other concerns. Based on the broader context no, there is not enough evidence to say that this was to bolster his 2020 prospects.
A hyperbolic statement on my part I will admit, but you didn't actually address my broader statement.
How is pointing out double standards whataboutism?
You're missing the point.
The double standard is the manner in which the news is reported NOT in the fact that they were reported in the first place
One president was not impeached for his admin breaking the law repeatedly, and yet one has constantly been called to be impeached since literally his inauguration. The difference is very evident in the treatment of misconduct by both administrations.
There is literally no evidence aside from hearsay presented in the articles of impeachment. Nothing in the public hearings stated anything other than people didn't like what Trump was doing.
That's not the case I'm making. The Dems has full power to issue subpoenas and make the courts force them to testify if they wanted. The WH is not obligated to comply with every request of Congress which is why SCOTUS exists; to mediate between the two. I want answers to, but for some reason the Dems didn't allow the Subpoena process to run its course and rushed the articles, which was only to their detriment.
The media excoriates anything the Trump admin does in ways it didn't the Obama admin. Examples: Obama Admin: https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/fast-and-furious-scandal-obama-exerts-executive-privilege-house-panel-moves-forward-with-contempt-vote/2012/06/20/gJQAGImIqV_story.html An accurate headline had to be revised because it went against the narrative: https://www.nytimes.com/2019/08/06/reader-center/trump-mass-shootings-headline.html
Really? Which high crime and/or misdemeanor did he commit on his inauguration day?
This still doesn't explain how pointing out double standards is a bad thing to do?
I agree.
Which he divested himself from so nice try.
Go through our conversation. I never once used it to justify what the GAO said Trump did
Yes. It doesn't hold to the level of impeachment in my opinion, but yes, I disagree with his actions.
Fucking Reylos have become the most toxic fan community on Twitter as of late. He literally abused her over and over again but "oh he changed, oh he repented" fucking hell man, a tiny portion of the entire 3 Disney Garbage Sequels was a redemption arc for him. This is textbook Stockholm Syndrome, abusive relationship bullshit, and anyone who DARES question them on this gets virtually assaulted. See: John Boyega. FUCK.
To be fair, Tangela was a natural progression over weeks. They had 0 intention of starting a showmance, and Tyler repeatedly said that he didn't want this but he couldn't stop how he felt. That's why they seem so natural and real.
I physically cringed and got goosebumps from being so Disturbed. Nicely done sir.
Right!? Like, his citizens can't do dick but he can.
All right look. I like a good chunk of Republican congressman and senators, but enough is enough. It's time to rewrite the Constitution and put term limits on these guys. A lot harder to sell influence slowly under the table when you only get 1-2 terms
Isn't her district also like, majority Somali as well?
Me too. I had to Google the name but now I'm 100% behind it
I stand corrected
It's garbage
To be fair, they did beat the Patriots and the #1 seed, both pretty handily
After last week I'm not counting the Chiefs out after having dropsies all over the place early
Might have been probing the Defense for what looks they are gonna see
I'm a Bills fan on the bandwagon but thanks my dude
Me first
Yes I would like to
Cause it's not racist. It's a sports thing. Any racist connotation is in your own head my dude.
It's the tomahawk chop and the "ooooh" chant that started at FSU
Ah, the old white mans burden.
Holy shit
Mecole is only a rookie. Imagine the terror he and Hill will wreak on defenses after he has an off-season to better his skills.
Good thing people can't change.
Yeah, he wasn't interfering with the catch
In come the original Tyreek takes.
Or you know, he was cleared of wrongdoing this off-season and people do change
Ask Joe mixon
Is Hardman faster than Hill?
He's like if Rodgers has really good coaching AND talent around him
Quick, let's spam the chat with something terrible Tyreek has done since the chiefs scored again
Early reviews are it's not good
Ha, I love it
Por que no Los dos?
I know. I always liked Picard better than Kirk but there is a trend recently with remakes of serious character assassination. E.g. Luke and Han in the new Disney Star Wars
No Volkswagen, I have never, ever had that thought
Call of the Wild is a fantastic book. I've read that and White Fang more times than I can imagine.
Am I the only one here that finds Gissele not that attractive?
Holy shit Mahomes
Oh fuck off
I also want this. Plus his secret BBQ sauce recipe.
Ref should know better than to stand right there lol
I'm perfectly ok with that scenario
I wouldn't say they were right not drafting him. He won a Superbowl and has been perennially a top tier elite QB while they made an appearance and languished in QB hell for the better part of almost 15 years.
Rodgers really needs a WR2. Adams can't do it all and their run game can only do so much
Claire also was not qualified for this promotion.
I thought he said he wasn't watching the Packers game
So it's the Green Bay Devante Adams v. The 49ers
That's 10am my time. Gonna have to sneak in real quickly
My understanding was that Bill wanted to keep Jimmy G though and it was Kraft who stepped in to our Brady
Hey Marcel, huge fan of the way you cover the Bills! If you were the GM, which blockbuster trade would you make in the offseason?
Except Sharpies aren't really pens; more like glorified markers.
&gt;Slowly running out of Sand *Smiles in Anakin Skywalker*
Fantastic local breweries. High cost of living.
That's just icing on the cake since they lost in the same round, but since they won the division we get a better pick.
Am Oregonian, can confirm; fuck California
Damn, that's pretty cool
BuT mUh PaRTieS SWiTCheD
To be fair, oftentimes the Dems make it nearly impossible to tell the difference
Yeah, I was gutted because his master almost made it.
&gt;*sad ~~supersonic~~ noises* Thunder Ftfy
Chiefs due to my in-laws being huge fans, but either one is fine by me. Shannahan might have initially got in by his name, but he's a damn talented coach so I wouldn't say he hasn't worked for it.
Kick ass
Except the part switch has been debunked numerous times.
I'm not done with the documentary, but wasn't he convicted of shooting the two people in the car as well?
So border enforcement is bad?
Explain please.
Fuck me that's funny.
You mean pictures on her personality?
Right, but that does nothing to prove a party switch where the Dems became the Republicans or visa versa.
My understanding is that some of these one on ones are shown out of order
I must be the odd Dad out because I refuse to drink Light beer. I haven't hit my thirties yet though so that may change
I agree. I think we are miscommunicating because I'm on your side here lol
Man, the ending with Angie hit me like a ton of bricks. I felt feelings after her mother's reaction. Kudos to the actress.
*Men in Black* is the only one I've read so far but it's a really good insight into the current trend of Judicial Supremacy
The end of the documentary actually gave me chills when they had the phone call and the last words were: "The caller has hung up". Then silence. What a well put together documentary.
How are they denied basic hygiene? Can I have a source on that?
yeah, they were just above Bracca when Order 66 went through
I need an Oceans 11 Style movie featuring Cad Bane and Aurra Sing
I've been looking to get it but am terrified of the EA loot boxes. Have they fixed it?
It's not. When Steve King was overtly Racist they Censured him.
That's irrelevant to the conversation at hand.
Fuck that was one of the funniest lines of the show.
Still irrelevant to where the conversation is.
Ask them about Boyan Slaat and why he isn't speaking to them about his ACTUAL solution. Oh right, because he's actually doing something.
Dude, 3 seasons of a Netflix show that captured the spirit of the books perfectly
Like Robert Downey Jr's Sherlock Holmes
It's the parents fault, not the kids. I can feel empathy but still want to enforce the law.
It's not our fault they're here. Blame those parents or the coyotes that bring them over. Why are you not harsh on the people who know the consequences and still break the law?
Right. His words were: "We want immigrants, but we want them to come here legally"
That's not an answer to the question. I've already answered your absurd proposition before and will not do so again.
Good news: They're going back
They're not concentration camps, not are they internment camps. Until you cede your extremist, inflammatory, and inaccurate rhetoric, I will no longer continue this conversation.
We need to respect the no NSFW rules here though
I have a gut feeling that the brother in charge of the entire school is gathering what he sees as unique talents to his side. One thing I've noticed is that Fitzroy is wholely unique, just like the Necromancer gal and they both ended up in the Villain track. My theory is that the big bad is the headmaster of the entire thing and that he has slowly been gathering this collection of Villains to launch a domination plan on the realm.
I love the unsubstantiated sources and no actual audio. But by all means, continue as if this is true.
Again, we don't know anything because there's no actual source and no released audio. Just release the unabridged audio and let us decide what's happening. This article has no source and no unabridged audio.
Probably because he can stay whatever he wants. None of this is criminal in the least.
This makes me very uncomfortable
Again, because he can say what he wants to whomever he wants. And he did tell his stats department to do it later on down the road. I don't get how your question is relevant.
Because there is literally no primary source presented of Trump ordering any of this. I will not take the word of a news outlet. If the recording is released, unabridged, then yes, I would be happy to call this despicable. Until then, I do not trust anything other than the primary source itself.
Again, no primary source. No actual audio. Just a report that ABC alleges is what they say it appears to be. All those weasel words and hedging of bets? Let's just see the full audio instead of what ABC says, "appears" to be something.
It's because they want it to be the case. I agree with you that this isn't going to be the major theme of Graduation, and honestly, I'd be sorely disappointed of that were the case because it's not being very subtle about it. My personal theory is that the head of the entire school is gathering unique villain talents (Ranier and Fitz being very unique) and cultivating loyalty to himself so he can launch a takeover campaign with said villains at his side.
I like it. It makes the division mean something
I don't think I've ever had that happen to me. Or any of the weird glitches I seen this sub all the time
From the NYTimes article: “The recording does not appear to introduce substantive new information about the effort to oust Ms. Yovanovitch.” While bad, this isn't anything substantial. She was later fired via proper channels.
Again, bad, but nothing illegal or anything groundbreaking here. Parnas and Fruman clearly had their own agendas in this whole thing which is fairly obvious.
Clinton was impeached for perjury in the House. The Constitution literally says, "The President, Vice President and all civil officers of the United States, shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors." Seems like it's all law breaking to me.
Ah, just like everyone misrepresents the context of the 2nd Amendment? Why don't they make a movement on the 25th specifically if they think him unfit? The Constitution literally says what it says. There's nothing in there about disparaging the office of the president is there? Unless I missed that clause in Article II, it's very clear that they can only be impeached for breaking the law. And the president can't even make it legal to kill Muslims given that's a law that has to pass through Congress so that's a non-issue.
So let me get this straight: 1 - You believe the Constitution says something that it actually doesn't say. 2 - You say that making a move on the 25th would be divisive; yet this impeachment process has been insanely divisive, and is the first impeachment to not have bipartisan support in the History of the US. 3 - Trump can say all he wants, he can't actually do whatever he wants because the Constitution is stronger than that. 4 - That's not whataboutism my dude, you can't say they one part of the Constitutional interpretation is lacking context, but not another. Pointing out an ironic principle. We are clearly getting nowhere since apparently you either can't read the actual words of the Constitution or don't want to accept that the case is insanely weak as the Dems did not do their due diligence and run Subpoenas through the courts as is the proper procedures. Have a good day.
Me too man. Our youngest is currently going through a phase where she'll only sleep for about 4 hours at a time before wanting to eat every 2 hours on the dot. Between my wife breastfeeding and me feeding her bottles we are about as haggard as you can be. Push through it, you can make it!
Eh, I think it's more of a preference. It was an older style that was still practiced occasionally. By your logic, Windu should have been under a red flag watch since he used Form VII which was fueled by emotion, much like Sith were.
Seriously, fuck off Iran. Let's just drop a MOAB on Tehran and take out the Mullahs that slaughters protesters in the streets
Honestly, I really liked the JJ Star Trek for what they were. Fun revisits of themes and such from the original show.
And there was someone wearing a bright red "No War with Iran" dress.
I've posted about it before, but my wife has two very hot sisters. The three of them are a brunette, a blonde, and a redhead. I want to do all of them at the same time.
I agree. It was necessary back on the 60s and 70s when this was a brand new thing. Things like affirmative action made sense back when people were legitimately denied things based on the color of their skin or their sex. In the late 80s moving forward; however, this became a non-issue. The problem is that we are so embroiled in the privilege of being born in the wealthiest, healthiest, and most comfortable world that has existed in human history that people either invent problems that don't exist, or continue to fight issues that have been long resolved.
My brother's wedding back in July. Dry eyes when my daughters are born, but for whatever reason my brother getting married did it
It just looks awful
Not daily, but twice a week I drive my 4 year old to preschool before work, and pick her up on my lunch break. Those 10-15 minutes are filled with answering questions and teaching her the lyrics to all the Beatles songs Amazon has. With a 4 month old at home with us and our schedules, it's hard to get those moments alone with our oldest so I treasure these short drives every week.
You don't since it's directly against the 1st Amendment
My Leftist Tears Tumbler is at home. I'm hoping that it overflows into my Louder with Crowder Mug instead of flooding my house.
That about sums up much of his career too lol
Mods, get this man a flair
Lol wut?
Insurance usually has civil unrest exceptions if I remember correctly.
&gt;Trump worshiping, bootlicker type For someone who portends to support the eradication of hate, you certainly seem to harbor a lot of it
As an IT tech, let me explain why printers are the fucking worst. 1 - The drivers are 90% shit. Some of the higher end business ones can do some cool stuff, but 9/10 if the printer is not working well with your computer you need to uninstall the printer from the computer entirely and then re-install it. What other piece of computer tech does this? 2 - The Web UI is ALWAYS shit. They use bizarre phrasing for the most simple shit. Oh, and the UI design is stuck I'm the 90s as they all require Flash player. When you select a menu option, it refreshes the entire fucking webpage. 3 - I'm convinced they run on black magic because none of the settings from the end user actually end up translating to the page 90% of the time. Not to mention it's nearly impossible to figure out if the custom settings will still be there in the morning. Fuck you Kyocera, and fuck you Xerox.
This was such a kick ass set piece and the PCs did such an amazing job of utilizing what was around them and their environments. I also get a fucking kick out of Lou and Sibhoan's hostility towards Brennan during the entirety of the fight.
Nah, he just has a fully upgraded F ability
He delivers his football knowledge via Astral Projection from his giant fivehead just like Professor X.
True Americans right there.
Despite the fact that looting and rioting is actually NOT an okay thing to do, there is something that is going to happen soon due to this and I don't know if any of these people have thought through this. The areas that are being looted and pillaged are not going to recover easily. Most of these neighborhoods are serviced by small businesses that are already strained to the breaking point by a forced shutdown of their operations. Now they are facing absolute ruin given that they are now having their absolute shit kicked in by rioters and looters. Add in to this that larger businesses like Target and Walgreens etc. are seeing their stores be trashed, vandalized, looted and burned down and they will not rebuild in these same areas. Why would they? Now the communities that are being destroyed are not only going to have to rebuild, but they are now going to have to face an even worse unemployment crisis which harms the people in their own communities.
I'm so sick of all this virtue signaling to justify the riots from everyone.
Gotta love the corporate virtue signalling. They won't do anything different or try to make any meaningful change. In 1 month this will all be just another day for them.
I was told protesting during a pandemic was irresponsible.
No we don't. We just don't want rioting.
Again, protesting is 100% okay. But breaking other people's stuff and smashing windows is not.
No? I don't have time. I have a job, wife, and two kids to care for
&gt;Then when people demonstrate they've had enough of the pigs? The swine respond with more violence, even against those who are peaceful. Instead of putting a stop to their killings, they choose to march with weapons of war as a show of force. I'm gonna stop you right there. The police don't go about looking to make trouble. They don't. I see you have a personal beef against police officers, which is fine to have an opinion on it. The problem is the facts don't support your statement. They aren't hunting people down for the thrill of it, they aren't breaking shit for no reason. Yes there are instances where cops exceed their authority; however, they are few and far between. I will once again redirect your attention to the real issue at hand which is the Police Union which makes firing these bad cops nearly impossible.
Always knowing if it was a shit or a fart.
You act as if I'm not informed. There's no evidence available that shows that the police pillage and murder. I'm not saying that the police don't act outside their authority on occasion, and I'm not saying changes don't have to be made. What you are describing is akin to what happens in Mexico with the cartels which is not the case in the least. It's clear you are allowing emotions to cloud your judgement of the actual facts, and are intent on being disingenuous and offering nothing but argumentative statements and anecdotes without evidence. Have a good day sir.
That's rough buddy.
Does anyone think that these companies actually care?
Is.... Is everyone going to ignore that this is a very obvious joke? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills here.
The fact that it isn't is actually news to me..
Years of acting the poor innocent paid dividends as tears rolled down his face. As the police walked Uncle Rob to the police car, he felt himself grow erect at the thought of the brutal prison environment Elmo had inevitably prepared him for. Elmo felt his mom's arms wrap around him. He turned and buried his face in her ample bosom. Breathing in the scent of her tears and sweat nearly broke him. Tonight he would take the real prize as she slumbered next to the urn of the father he had murdered.
None here going to say police officer? You've been vilified because of the actions of a few awful people and now your life is even more at threat than before.
Let's be honest, would you or anyone else taking him over the coals have accepted that as truth?
So let me get this straight. Protesting butt to butt is okay, but working out is not?
Who doesn't wipe off gym equipment though
Sure,doesn't mean he has to answer irrelevant questions.
You're really hung up about the bunker thing. I'm pretty sure the Secret Service is in charge of that and moved him there, not his decision. Also, what if the shoe was on the other foot? Imagine a Fox news reporter at an Obamacare briefing asking him about foreign policy with North Korea, and Obama shushed him. Would you be just as upset?
Gonzo gulped as he stared at Kermit's member. "Don't worry ," Kermit croaked seductively, "You'll enjoy this. I've had lots of practice with Harvey before he was arrested, I know what I'm doing. Alexa, play Weinstein playlist" The surround sound speakers began to echo with the soft sounds of smooth jazz while Gonzo slowly peeled off his clothing. "I want to get right to the good stuff first," Kermit said as he stood up. "I have to sit on that nose". Gonzo blanched as lay on his back. He closed his eyes but could not hold his breath as the frog lowered his quivering anus down.
I aim to disgust
After I'm done with my degree next year we are going to start looking a t moving to Kentucky
That reminds me of Meet the Pyro
I agree. Someone brought this up in a YouTube video and I felt the need to share; Williams is a master the likes we have never seen. He and George married music and film perfectly in both the OT, PT, and on a tangent, the Indiana Jones franchise.
I think that had George had a few less "yes" men, then the Prequels would be seen as masterpieces on par with the Originals. The PT has its faults for sure (primarily for me the dialogue in some sequences and the romance) but the story is one of the most creative ones ever told. Hayden did the best with what he got and he did an amazing job.
Agreed.
That's actually really hilarious
Not since OJ has anyone related to the Bills murdered that badly.
It's supposed to.
Why did they cancel Cops!?
No, it'll be John McAffee
That's retarded.
Zoe felt a single, solitary tear roll down her cheek as she felt Elmo's lascivious hands caress it. "Yes, Elmo likes it when you cry". Zoe felt dirty inside as she willingly and mechanically removed her clothing. Elmo's greedy eyes watched the entire time. "Say what Elmo wants to hear," he growled. Zoe barely was able to choke out the words as she felt the familiar lump in her throat. "Elmo loves all his friends. Some of them are his best friends. Like me." The red monster's expression changed from greed, to full throated lust. Zoe was barely able to suppress a scream as he pounced towards her. Then she felt nothing as she drifted off to her happy place.
