Only if New England and the Pacific Northwest can swap in to make up for it. &gt; Albertans individually pay money in to subsidizing the public expenditures of eastern provinces At least this is backwards from the way it typically works -- in the US, the liberal states are typically the rich states whose taxes subsidize the poor red states. But it turns out Albertans pay [less total taxes than the other provinces](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/calgary/alberta-income-tax-comparison-provinces-flat-tax-1.4673337). And the primary reason for the higher *cumulative* taxes paid is that [Albertans earn more money.](https://nationalpost.com/news/canada/of-course-alberta-is-getting-fleeced-by-ottawa-just-not-in-the-way-you-think) If Alberta thinks that they can maintain that higher pay and somehow pay less taxes and keep their state running, then go for it. Know, though, that such gambits *rarely* work out in the end, and often end up with *higher* taxes due to the increased expenditures from lost efficiencies and shared services, not to mention the loss of economic bases as companies flee the region due to the upheaval in the regulatory system. &gt; Alberta is disproportionately footing the bill for provinces that simultaneously want to hamstring its economic development If that's true, then, won't they basically fuck themselves over? Just wait it out. I've seen at least one version of the Jesusland map with [Alberta in Jesusland](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/003/664/600px-Jesusland_map_with_Alberta.svg.jpg), so this is probably a long time coming. I mean, if Alberta believes it has a God-given right to build a pipeline through Ontario, and doesn't believe Ontario has a right to tax Alberta, then what can you do.
So basically the design issue here is the design of the name he was given and how it was not designed to not be comical 60 years later?
10 minute bus ride, on Rapid Ride that's what... half a mile? :P
Device testing and probably firmware loading.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siberian_natural_resources There's a few different theories, but it seems to be common. https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/the-economic-advantages-of-life-in-a-cold-country-1.871761
Yeah, it looks to me like he's the one causing the swinging.
Five days suspension. Paid, no doubt. Jokehanknect at work. Edit: Apparently it is unpaiud (h/t /u/snowracer21) but then there's this gem: &gt; ...but [Johanknecht] did not believe the deputy used excessive force when he pulled out his weapon. And then &gt; Randall showed up at the sheriff's office on Monday hoping to attend the press conference, but a KCSO spokesperson turned him away saying the event was only for media. Fuck Johanknecht.
A superjail?
2 years per position is nothing. I've managed to talk away strings of 2-3 jobs a year. TBF the tech industry do be unstable like that, which is why it's conceivable that you could go through that from layoffs alone (which I have).
Nice, where is this?
If at all, less so than before.
OP listed "first names" so they know this, they just called them last names probably because in English speaking countries the family name is the last name and a lot of people don't know what "family name" means.
&gt;when used in an English setting I don't see where there's a difference here.
It's hard to say. Most of my "firings" have been on contract, so they don't really bother to tell you why. The level of tolerated "problems" is a lot lower when you're on contract, and they never give you warnings. Even full time, though, they sometimes will just lay you off rather than fire you (I mean, it's mostly the same thing). I will say, though, that a PIP is a pretty good warning sign. I had one once and it was for complaining too much about things chronically not getting fixed, and not coming in early enough to attend my boss' pointless early weekly meetings. (I actually followed the thing to the letter and it was supposedly satisfied and I got let go anyway.)
You have to give it the name of the device, not what type of device it is. Go into phone settings and look for where you can set the bluetooth device name. For example I have an external speaker I sometimes use with my Dot and it's a Jawbone Jambox, I have to tell it "Alexa, connect to Jambox" instead of "Alexa, connect to my external speaker."
It went mostly along Bel Red down 148th and back along 6th or so till 405. We could see the dark area from our windows. Kaiser was out but Overlake wasn't. Uwaj was out but Home Depot wasn't. I noticed flickering lights in my place, one of which caused my router to reboot.
Literally blackjack and hookers.
Like how people used to call everything "awesome." Except they still do
Lined, but they screwed up the letter the first time and drew over it.
I dunno if you mean tangible items, but my favorite purchases were a trip to Tijuana and two trips to the UK.
&gt; What if they say this? How do I respond if I say this then they say this?” That’s because I can’t think of responses immediately, it takes me a few seconds to turn the abstract thoughts in my head into words. Doesn't everyone do that? &gt; I’ve always thought something was “wrong” with me (in the traditional sense,) but I always attributed it to the lack of socialization from elementary and middle school. I also have terrible anxiety which contributed to that. I wonder if the anxiety is from the autism or just from, well, regular old anxiety due to undersocialization. &gt; Also, honestly, another is that I still think that sex is completely the grossest thing ever. You weren't raised Catholic by any chance, were you?
You don't have a loop anywhere. And you're treating an array as a string. It's like you expect the code to simply convert an array into a loop. This is a fundamental programming question not a Selenium or really even a JS question.
Moved from Boston to Seattle. Totally not prepared for the culture shock.
Looks like that's really taking off.
... Only two of those are in Europe
Sixth Sense and Stir of Echoes. They even used some of the same tropes, like "it gets cold when ghosts are around."
Did she do it her way, and make all her dreams come true?
Aaaaaand KHOU viewership will be next on the millennial chopping block.
The gas outside should have dissipated way more quickly since it's, you know, outside. Lots of air there. It stands to reason that if the gas was able to get into your parents room, it would have dissipated out of it at the same rate while you were airing out the house (and turned the gas off). I mean, if their door is open, the airing out of the house should have aired out their room pretty good. If their door is closed, probably not much gas got in there. But your car outside is not much of a concern.
I don't see how this answers the question. It just says there isn't any. It doesn't say what it *would* be if it there was, which was the point. MTTDPTM
Yeah, you can get rid of your phone :)
Weight is mass times gravity. To have negative weight you'd have to have negative gravity, since you can't have negative mass.
It's operated by the [ReedPop Events](http://www.reedpop.com/Events/) company.
Like Seahawks Stadium?
Massive debt
"Because you're autistic, Mom."
Money
The wide majority of them were brought home prior to 2017.
Also, Mitsubishi is Japanese for "three diamonds."
I was thinking more like copyright stuff, but that likely does happen a bit too. Also censorship attempts.
why you gotta be like that
&gt; Some prototype RTGs, first built in 1958 by the US Atomic Energy Commission, have used polonium-210. This isotope provides phenomenal power density (pure 210Po emits 140 W/g) because of its high decay rate, but has limited use because of its very short half-life of 138 days. A half-gram sample of 210Po reaches temperatures of over 500 °C (900 °F). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radioisotope_thermoelectric_generator
Because they're bigots.
That must be the republican politically correct definition.
Yes that's nice but ***we were already there*** Pretending that nothing happened is not a responsible strategy.
Free coffee. I worked a place once that *didn't* have free coffee. In fact it didn't even have free water from a water cooler. Employees would pitch in and pay into a water cooler so they could use it. That wasn't actually why it didn't last, though.
And then she was kicked out of the Press Corps in 2010
It tastes better if you add chemical sugar substitute and anonymous white powder to it.
This will never cease to amuse the fuck out of me. Somebody took a parallel view stereoscope photo, and edited it to put the plates backwards so it would be a crossview photo, and then our bot has to edit the backwards edit places backwards to make it into a parallel view photo.... *which it already was*
Doug Banner?
This is basically the Jesuit philosophy, which has always been particularly more open minded and pragmatic, and he is the first ever Jesuit pope.
It's really disturbing how many age of majority people are emotionally trapped in religious households. Really, you aren't being forced. You talk about working 8 hours every day for a month, which means you aren't a student so you're quite obviously 18 or older, which is the point at which your parents no longer have legal control over you. I know that a retail gig is not financial independence, but I still don't agree that your parents are forcing you. You may not have a lot of good options, but you have options. Maybe a family member or co worker has a basement or attic apartment. Or maybe you and a few co workers could go in together for a small apartment. But you need to get out from under your parents thumb sooner than later.
/u/smilingseal7: &gt; A lot of people go into engineering because they view it as a field that pays really well, and they're generally right. A lot of wealthy people lean conservative because of low taxes, /u/ironplaidfighter: &gt; Engineers tend to be upper middle class, suburban white men. All of those demographics lean more conservative /u/bigdaddyreptar: &gt; It's a field people go into for money a log of the time and those who are well off tend to be more conservative /u/whatifevery1wascalm: &gt; college programs like stem where there’s really only one answer ( the mathematical one) tend to be more conservative overall
If you're writing one off tools, sure, but that's not core job output, that's just something to help a specific situation.
Kirkland's fine for younger people. Bothell is also a fine place to live and cheaper than more southern options.
A principle that hates when the government wants them to pay taxes, but doesn't take the government up on paying less taxes.
You're still calling it a penalty even though if you had a non-EV car, you'd barely be paying more in gas taxes. Heck, even if you just drove your EV more and drove your truck less, you'd actually come out ahead. You want to paint a picture of jackbooted Olympian thugs shaking you down for buying an EV when all you have to do is *actually use the car regularly.*
That's a fire control tower, specifically. Used in WWII to report accuracy of coastal or marine long-distance guns. Could also be used for radiolocation.
The laws are not that great, where there are laws, but there is as much of an issue with their enforcement, and the practicality of actually getting them enforced. Like an awful lot of consumer / worker protection laws, in order to get them enforced requires you paying a lawyer and going to court and probably losing unless you've got one of the few deep-pocketed legal advocacy groups (ACLU, big union, etc.) on your side. And even if you win you're probably blacklisted from the industry of the company you sued.
It's conceivable that he is probing (ahem) your relationship to tell how you feel about it and how it may be affecting your emotional state. The question about condom use (did he really say "raw or with a condom?" Maybe he's trying to speak in hip lingo) and ejaculation may have to do with a recent theory that [semen has mood-enhancing effects](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/all-about-sex/201101/attention-ladies-semen-is-antidepressant). Not sure about the race question.
I dunno but I hate it. I mean, it's a way to tie dump trucks together that is probably easy to unhook once they get to their destination and allows for improved turning radius compared to a double-bed tractor trailer. But they suck, all too often I've almost tried to merge in between them and then find this. They're too damn low, first of all, and the flashing light they have now doesn't help much.
One nit, how is oxygen not flammable? They launch rockets with it!
Does ಠ_ಠ count?
Reminds me of a project I heard of where people would use a spectrometer towards the sky and supposedly it provided insight as to the quality of the air due to the spectral transmission changes.
I had a friend back then who claimed he just used the IPs. He was kind of a full of shit person, though.
Then say "dark skinned." But in the vernacular I'm familiar with, a "black" person is someone with African ancestry. Australian aborigines, for example, aren't "black people."
No one will get this but... One day on the way to high school there was a truck parked by the bus stop from Dunkin Donuts. They were showing off a new blend called Dunkin' Dark Roast (it didn't last). They were offering small cups of it, along with free t-shirts, which said "Life's More Fun - After Dark." A year or two later I'm in college and wearing the shirt and someone says to me "Really? That's lame." I'm like, what?" He said, "You're wearing a t-shirt for a \*screen saver\*?"
An underground fire that *is still on fire.*
I've had this album since about when it came out, and it is one of, if not *the,* favorite albums of mine of all time. A couple of years ago I played it again for the first time in years and it was like listening to a well-known symphonic suite, anticipating all the changes and variations. There was a live version of this album released a couple years after this, *Transmutation Live,* which included [DXT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Mixer_DXT) and [Invisibl Skratch Piklz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invisibl_Skratch_Piklz). Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppJFvJ_rIRg
does anyone else think it's weird that we're measuring days in units of days not only that, but that earth's day is less than a day?
Publication of anything is usually a career boost because it indicates you have knowledge on the subject that others saw fit to distribute.
So if I connect my laptop to my PC with a null modem cable, boom, an internets! Um no.
Captain Sked
Well it was [the end of the world](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WvKbnYtcXU), so, yeah.
Now view them through a diffraction grating.
It was definitely big in the 90s.idk why your college was skimping, maybe because it had been a liberal arts college previously? Now my university had a whole dedicated CS college, actually the first in the US. Even still, there was some "competition" from the engineering school. A lot of those engineering kids ended up in CS careers... although to be fair, so did a lot of the philosophy major kids.
Poor people don't have no chance. Rich people gonna rich.
Turning the lock disables the alarm, so unscrewing it doesn't necessarily help. Cutting wires could actually work against you.
That is, *until...*
I guess the reason this never happened at my school is because it was in a three story building. Also we weren't allowed to use balls etc at recess. Which we took in the parking lot. Punchline: my parents paid for me to go there
Mine was more of a dark dramedy
That's what you call *confirmation bias.* The problem is that all sides insist that they are *perfectly rational and sensible,* to the point that they never see any need to challenge their assumptions or conclusions. By and large, both sides do it, both sides lie to themselves about doing it, reserving that exclusively for the *other* side. "You know it's true when it *feels* true." Motherfuckers be in denial about that all over.
Nice buns too
Yep, very similar. K had a grass area with a hedge. 1-4 took recess in the east parking lot, which was conveniently divided with white lines for each grade. Unevenly (3 was biggest, 4 was smallest). Grades 5-8 took their recess in the *west* parking lot. Fun story, I was once picked up then thrown onto the asphalt and my glasses lens popped out and gave me a gash over my left eye that required stitches and I still have a scar from decades later. Money well spent... All because the public schools in my city were, quote "not safe."
The point is that vaping doesn't lead to smoking. Why would vapers move to smoking when even *smokers* prefer vaping to smoking? Nicotine addiction was never the primary concern of anti-smoking efforts. They were concerned with, primarily, lung cancer, and other cancers like throat and mouth cancer, as well as [chronic bronchitis, COPD, emphysema, heart disease, stroke](https://www.lung.org/our-initiatives/tobacco/reports-resources/sotc/by-the-numbers/10-worst-diseases-smoking-causes.html). It's clear that this is a moving of the goalposts. Prohibitionist efforts have had to come up with a new reason to tie vaping to smoking, and since vaping doesn't cause *any* of the things on that list, they've had to refocus on nicotine addiction. But even vaping using non-nicotine juices is under assault, with opponents desperate to find something that they can show is really, really, no good, awful, and bad about vaping. It *looks* like smoking, so it *must* be the *same* as smoking. It seems that once a momentum forms against something, and is successful, the temptation to oppose something else is just too strong, because it's all they know how to do. So far, the science on whether non-tobacco nicotine is damaging is [not terribly clear at all](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/is-nicotine-all-bad/?redirect=1). Nearly all previous studies on "nicotine" effects were based on secondhand (heh) analyses of studies on *tobacco.* The upswing is, if *smoking* is the target, non-tobacco nicotine is net positive, since it reduces *actual tobacco smoking.* Attacking an anti-*smoking* advocate for siding with *non-smoking* nicotine is simply uninformed, paranoid absurdity run amok, and it doesn't do anyone any good.
Well, I read the article, instead of just UKIP propaganda. How was Westminster funding to Ebbw Vale like *before* the EU? To hear your argument, it must have been quite amazing.
There ain't shit in Boise. Cheyenne, Boise, and Montpelier are probably in a close race for shittiest capital city in the country. At least Montpelier has a state house built into a mountain.
Only Bellevue people say that
&gt; However, children from highly religious households do appear slightly less generous than those from moderately religious ones. - [The actual study](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/303988682_What_is_the_association_between_religious_affiliation_and_children's_altruism) This is QYBQYB.
So like Taking proper 3D pictures requires two lenses snapping at the same time, at a small separation of about two inches apart. The whole "take a picture, then move over and take another picture" technique doesn't usually work well. For one, it's nearly impossible for a person to move a phone in mid air in a straight line and keep the exact same orientation of the phone. If you tilt the phone, or angle it differently, it will make for a poor 3D image. It's also nearly impossible to gauge how far apart is enough or too much. The other problem is that when you move, you may affect the shadows and the lighting in a way that is not natural. This is why real 3D cameras have two lenses and take one picture at one moment through both lenses. It probably \*can\* be done with a single lens camera, but you would want some kind of rig to keep the camera positioned, slid over accurately, and control or eliminate all external light sources and reflections, and a completely unchanging still life scene.
The formative moment was when Newt Gingrich's phone went off playing Abba's "Mamma Mia" during a press conference, torpedoing his presidential run.
But it does. The military is decidedly a government arm. And the information on who is in the military as well. The government would have to release that information for anyone to know the answer. And with 1 billion people in 1989, it would be insurmountable to identify someone from a distance picture (moreover, a 1989 photo with a [consumer grade camera using cheap drugstore quality film from half a mile away](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tank_Man#Photographic_versions)).
Is this somehow related to their ZPG laws, I wonder.
Which means one of two things: 1. Women don't really try as hard 2. Women are really bad at it Edit : I'm open to other answers, step on up
creepy, my apartment complex uses the same website software
oldmeme
Like shooting guns and eating fried food and being obsessively religious and patriarchal? Or is it just the wearing brown skin and the funny sounding language?
&gt; in what is, for now, Ukraine FTFY
$49 if you're a member
The public outrage from the scandal of impure people teaching children would invite too much trouble for the school district to handle. And school districts and school administrators are notoriously dim and knee-jerk, mainly for the same reason. Teachers are generally shit on, they have to be perfect people, they have to parent every student, they have to pay for their classroom supplies, and they have to not want to be paid well.
&gt; My parents are highly educated and both of them are very well off That has a lot to do with a post-WWII culture wanting to create a "better life" for their children. It seems to be a fairly recent concept. I don't know many historical accounts where parents wanted their children to have it better than they did. But since the Boomers generation that's been a thing.
&gt; parents don't know these skills because schools don't teach them Parents had parents too.
TIL doing taxes is not a household chore
The same as being a movie or TV star
So how can they afford that stupid new store in Bellevue Square?
Not have a fuckin clue how to write code... and try to hide it.
Cool party, everyone just happened to bring a ruler
It's not the helium. It's the mylar.
Depends on why you were fired. Like let's say you were hired to do something that wasn't possible, and they finally admit it was never possible, so then they have you find other tasks, and you find a task, and there's code that explains how to do the task, so you follow those instructions to the letter, and then it turns out their code doesn't actually work, and you get fired because checking in code that follows their instructions breaks the build, because they don't review code, and then they blame you. I mean, just as an example. PS: Everything you said is typical of a manager trying to pretend their shit don't stink
&gt; Jon is Frodo &gt; Jon is also Aegon &gt; Arya is Frodo too
Well, either tell the insurance company you live with them, or else, get your own car insurance just without a car.
I kind of think of it like when you are making fun of a stupid statement and you say it in a sing-songy derpy voice... but with letters.
This is why you document any damage to the apartment BEFORE or shortly after moving in and notify them immediately so they can't say they didn't know.
Pretty much every landlord ever IME
Use Gimp and Inkscape instead
They don't mean anything to anyone except the manufacturer.
They had two 50s and then went straight into the 70s.
The upswing is that I don't think our coaching staff/team/FO really cares about the Open Cup anymore. Playing first stringers is risky in a game that doesn't count against your primary league. No need to get another hamstring or whatever in a game that doesn't count.
Feels good.
You must be retarded.
PS You're welcome, love, East Coast Transplants
It's not the majority of jobs. Cashiers, for example, don't sit at a desk all day, they have to stand most of the day except for breaks. Baristas, maintenance workers, cooks and other foodservice workers, servers, bartenders, construction workers, nurses, delivery workers, teachers, shop clerks, they all spend most of their day not sitting at a desk and a good portion of it not sitting down at all. And if you take it literally, as in "behind a desk," then you have bus and taxi/Uber drivers, police, firefighters and EMTs. Even most teachers and lecturers spend a good part of their day standing. &amp;#x200B; It's actually kind of revealing that there are CS people who think "the majority of jobs are desk jobs." Yes, maybe to the middle and upper class. Not to the majority of people and \*\*definitely\*\* not the majority of jobs, not even close. Maybe the jobs that the people you know do, but not the majority of actual jobs held by actual people.
This comment drips sopped with irony.
When it's raw uncut crystals, yeah, but not when polished. It's no more dangerous than turquoise.
And stream on your phone, plug into your car, it's great.
You can often get PMI to reduce the downpayment (edit: although that of course increases your payments), especially for first time homebuyers, who get PMI through the FHA program (US). People don't really factor in the complete math, not just in monetary value but in physical work, that come with homeowning. When you rent, your landlord takes care of all that -- and you probably don't even notice. I'm not meaning to stick up for landlords here.... but it sure is nice not to have to mow a lawn, clean gutters, climb on the roof to spray off moss, crawl under the house or into the attic to trace wires or pipes, replace a busted furnace, trim ivy, repave the driveway, kill moles, install dryers and dishwashers, replace doors...........
&gt; If our systems are so corrupt and terrible in the western world They're much more corrupt and terrible in the third world. &gt; how the hell can we help other people in a meaningful way Investment is one. Advocacy and voting with dollars is another. Bringing attention to those problems will help expose them and promote change, just like they do in your own country. The tactics aren't any different. &gt; Selfishness and laziness are why we still have ongoing issues Just because the person you don't like does something doesn't mean you don't do it too. And both of you doing it certainly doesn't help.
There's a lot of things going on in Alabama that are problematic, not just to women's civil rights but plenty of others to boot. I don't pretend that I have any influence over Alabama being some 2000 miles away, regardless if both that and my state happen to both have people in Congress. What influence I have is limited primarily to two things; what my vote can do in my state, which affects the laws my state passes, and what business and groups I give my money to. Those abilities still exist -- mostly very indirectly -- whether it's Alabama or Albania. So why not put more focus on more serious issues? Alabama women have the right to vote. Unless you think Alabaman women are stupid, they're much more positioned to influence their state than anyone in any other state. I mean, do you really think Alabamians give a fuck what New Yorkers or Californians or Bostonians think? Hell no. It might even embolden them. &gt; The "issue in Alabama" is a calculated move to further strip women in America at large of our bodily autonomy Even still, if that does happen, states that aren't as backwards as Alabama won't be affected. Just because Alabama might make it legal for Alabama to outlaw abortion, doesn't mean that California will be anywhere in the same line. Besides... does anything anyone in *or* out of Alabama could say or do possibly affect the Supreme Court? They don't usually listen to polls. They don't have to. Certainly the problems are bigger picture -- conservative federal government, conservative Supreme Court -- I don't see how protesting Alabama (wherein Alabaman women presumably know how to vote) is more important than protesting, say, Malaysia, or Haiti, or much of Africa, where women are much worse off than those in Alabama.
Maybe that was the guy.
There used to be a reddit for this, I swear...
It's a Detex Watchclock Station. https://www.mainememory.net/artifact/79619
Only take care of the company if the company is going to take care of you.
Where the hell is Zimbabwe?
Screw the pooch Shit the bed
I'll buy it for twelve quarters
That boys name? Ja-herald Fa-hord
Jack of all because if you're too vertical you eventually get outmoded with nothing to fall back on.
*for science*
I'm not *dies*
Yes.
Most insurance plans have reduced rate agreements with certain medical providers. This is often called "in-network." So just being in the plan and going to the doctors and hospitals etc. that are "in-network" (for that plan) saves you money (mainly because they're insanely jacked up already). Also for some plans the deductible is not considered for certain things like preventative medicine, standard checkups, or medications; you pay a small portion and the rest is covered for those things. The deductible will apply normally to other procedures like surgeries or emergencies. (You understand, this is all such a mess that corporate HR departments probably spend the largest portion of their efforts on dealing with it, not to mention explaining it to the employees, even having to bring in people to give seminars on it.)
Well it's your own fault for not putting $500/mo in the associated HSA /s
I think he means it's unimaginable for them. America: You Can't Even Imagine What It's Like!
One other thing not being mentioned is that in order to go the hospital and get treated requires time off work, which usually means giving up a day or more of your vacation / "holiday" time, and most people only get 10 days of that a year (of course, some, like contract workers, get none). Most of your "socialized" countries legally mandate people have much more than that.
&gt; aluminum &gt; neurotoxin What the fuck do these people wrap leftovers in and drink soda from?
Copyright bullshit
OK, sorry for the point hammering.
Say Hi to David Petersen for me
Honestly I would think it should matter whether the religious dress is expressive or if it is part of the practice of the religion. There's no Biblical or Christian rule that says you have to wear a cross around your neck.
http://www.paluba.info/smf/index.php?topic=9289.15
&gt;! A and B !&lt; are rotations of each other.
Mother-in-law apartments (no rly)
I feel like whatever I say in an argument (especially one I didn't start) will automatically be wrong, so it just isn't worth it. And if I say anything slightly the wrong or remotely ambiguous way, it gets misinterpreted to the worst possible interpretation, so I have to think harder of exactly what to say so that doesn't happen (though it still does).
"This isn't constructive" was a common refrain of mine in an argument. It didn't ever help, unfortunately.
Fascism in the seat of American government? You don't say
https://www.cnn.com/2019/06/20/opinions/phoenix-police-lose-legitimacy-alexander/index.html https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2019/03/08/black-man-was-picking-up-trash-outside-his-home-then-police-confronted-him/?utm_term=.357068eb10aa
You shouldn't try irony, it doesn't suit you
At least they knew where the vodka was, I hope. I asked for a martini at one divey place and they had to go fucking looking for the vodka.
This is becoming some next level social media era international diplomatic trolling shit right here
If people voted for third parties, the math would work in the third parties' favor. The math isn't the problem. It's the fatalist mentality. If more people decide to vote for a third party than a top two, then, the third party would win the vote. That's all it takes. This bullshit about harsh mathematics only discourages people from voting over the stigma of the "wasted vote" fallacy. Nobody wants to "waste" their vote, so they vote the way they think they are supposed to instead of for what they want.
.... did you hear the voice then?
Integration is low level? I missed something here. * Unit * Smoke * Functional * E2E / Integration (depending on how you define E2E)
Cause those big towers are not pretty and don't give me a view of the ocean/mountains/whatever and they don't give me a big yard to mow
The solution is more about money and due diligence than engineering skill. Years of maintenance neglect take their toll. No matter what the MIT/Harvard types come up with, it won't be cheap.
I'm assuming they had another picture of the guy in the top one to go off of, because how could you possibly extrapolate his real face from that.
You haven't seen much PornHub, have you....
It's Portland, so, pretty fuckin good.
or a town or two
Look, these people demand *proof* (At least of some things)
The majority of undocumented immigrants do this. It's called overstaying your visa and is categorized as illegal immigration. For all the bluster about needing a wall, the [majority of illegal immigration](https://apnews.com/48d0ad46f143478d9384410f5ae3d38b) comes exactly the way you described.
No. The people should be able to continue to select the best choice. Preventing them from being able to do that is an end-run around democracy. The very idea of term limits is to basically say that you don't trust the democratic process, so you have to break it. The Presidential term limits came about because the Republicans were [pissed off that FDR won four times](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twenty-second_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution). Do you think Obama would have beaten Trump in 2016? Yes, yes I do. Do I think we'd be much better off if that had been possible? Yes, yes I do. Some of our greatest congresspeople served for a long time. Nobody ever wants term limits for, say, a Barney Frank or a Ted Kennedy, but they always want them for a Strom Thurmond or a Mitch McConnell (or vice versa, depending on your tendencies).
Sorry, but, you're full of shit. "I hate trump, but, I'm going to repeat one of his most egregious lies"
Black man bad
US-style baked beans are cooked with [molasses and pork fat](https://www.amazon.com/Baked-Beans-Original-Ounce-Pack/dp/B00FMPKXR8), not tomato sauce. You certainly can find the tomato sauce / ketchup kind, though, usually [in a teal can](https://www.amazon.com/Heinz-Beans-Tomato-Sauce-Ounces/dp/B00LPG2PL0). I've seen it at some regular supermarkets but there are also a couple of British specialty stores around; also a lot of international supermarkets may have it. I bought the Heinz Beanz once from the supermarket without realizing it was different, and when I eventually used them they were quite different from what I expected. On the other hand, they're vegetarian, so, plus. Have not heard of a non-Brit eating beans on toast. However, I have heard of [corned beef hash](https://www.amazon.com/Mary-Kitchen-Hash-Corned-Ounce/dp/B078NCL3XR) on toast, which is vaguely similar.
&gt; I have several cans of baked beans in tomato sauce &gt; usually Great Value https://www.walmart.com/ip/Great-Value-Original-Baked-Beans-15-oz/481640762: &gt; Great Value Original Baked Beans are slow simmered in a delicious blend of bacon and brown sugar &gt; Ingredients: Prepared White Beans, Water, Brown Sugar, Sugar, Contains less than 2% of: Bacon (Cured with Water, Salt, Sugar, Sodium Phosphorates, Sodium Erythorbate, Sodium Nitrate), Salt, Mustard (Vinegar, Water, Mustard Seed, Salt, Turmeric, Paprika Spice, Garlic Powder), Modified Food Starch, Onion Powder, Caramel Color, Calcium Chloride (Firming Agent), Natural Flavor.
They're not even cutting
품질관리 정재현 Quality Management Jeong Jaehyeon (their name)
Sure does look a lot like a crack pipe.
Standing at a club for six hours, if last night is any indication
I agree but on the other hand I don't think the definition of "combination" could include infinite sets. Aren't combinatorial fine by definition? What's 3C&amp;infin;?
You're staying in an airbnb in your own town?
/r/satan
Is that an ability to find vein issue or just an ability to have a draw at all?
Or the decent places of the country need to do so.
I... So... What if the person you love the most is poor?
You know it's medical when.
The ones from the insurance companies are evaluating your driving style to see if you drive riskily or safely to alter your premiums. If you drive safely they'll give you a discount.
&gt; if you buy the lights through Amazon's online shop with the same account as you use for any Echo devices you may have, Shut up and take my money
How the fuck did they transport war elephants to England, that's a neat trick. Probably just the sight of barges with elephants on them scared the English shitless
That is literally how tips work for waiters and waitresses too.
TBF FWIW one of those deletions was to change the title to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestic_violence_against_men which is still there and has not been proposed for deletion (yet).
Yes. --Sir Mix-A-Lot
In your case, none
Don't call me mate, old bean
There isn't. Software companies are just cheap as fuck. You don't become the richest men in the world by paying market price for labor, yo.
Did: The smartphone. Rock and roll. Hip hop. The automobile. Didn't: the Zune. Windows 8. DC power transmission. Paleo. Jai-Alai. The SACD. Edit: pedants
You might feel different if you're town had been bombed by them. Or if they overthrew your elected leaders. Or if they crippled your nation's economy with embargoes. I like to think we're better than those things, but we keep doing them.
Not at all. OP is not misrepresenting his own store as being from Torchy's, that's where trademark would come in. And typically a brand name is not copyrighted, although it could be, the term would have to be basically never used by anyone else for anything. Not what you want if you're trying to get word of your business out. For something to be copyrighted it has to be novel.
Irony: Coolio getting mad at Weird Al for copying his song when it wasn't even his song but he copied it from someone else.
Because they were all started by a guy named Ray, and the first Ray didn't bother to enforce his trademark.
QA testing boils down to the following: 1. Figuring out what the software is supposed to do. 2. Determining whether or not it actually does with a reliable series of evaluations. 3. Keeping regular records of those evaluations and their changes over time. If you can do those things well, you should be a fine tester. Not all testers can do these things well.
Entirely depends on the scope of the project. Also depends on how much of it has actually been specced.
Well we certainly have had such a balls-out success in [heavily mountainous countries](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Afghan_topo_en.jpg/1024px-Afghan_topo_en.jpg), right?
/r/madlads
When I was a kid, Star Market sold things under literally "NO NAME" brand. Like, white sacks of flour with "NO NAME FLOUR" in stencil letters on them. Same for a bunch of other products. Really kinda like Dharma Brand from Lost.
They would not be able to patent it because Coca Cola would then inform the patent office of their formula as prior art. Best you could do with that is compete with them. But there's more to the brand than just flavor.
Fully automated luxury gay space communism!
If you can afford an internet connection for reddit, you can afford a bus ticket. You just have to decide that you'd rather do that than stay doing what you're doing.
1, the balconies are consistent.
Fuck that, i ain't carrying neither of em.
Just the other day in another sub someone was calling me "junior" because his whacked out job ethos has no resemblance to anything I've ever done, and I've been doing this 10 years, with 5 years before that as junior, and three years before that doing other things in the industry. Lots of people in tech have this annoying perception that there is one way to skin this cat and everyone else is stupid.
40s not boomer, zoomer
Yeah, but dev is only one type of CS career.
Maybe you haven't lurked long enough, there are commonly posts in here about people who can't find a way into FAANG and are ready to throw in the towel.
^^they're ^^not ^^wrong
You know I was thinking this the other day. You know what you never see? An automobile bubble. Nobody buys up cars and then holds on to them to sell for profit (well, except auto dealers of course). We don't treat cars like commodities, we treat them like things that have a purpose. Somehow we ended up turning houses into commodities instead of, you know, shelter. (Also for some reason cars don't appreciate. I guess it's because we make a lot of them? So by that reasoning, we should make a lot of housing. Flood the fucking market. Eventually the RE investors will realize they're losing money.)
Remember, those seats were added to avoid Fenway being completely torn down and replaced.
&gt; our mothers and grandmothers could afford often to stay home. That's not an option for most of the middle-class Gen X women. What caused that?
1. Yes. 2. Given your circumstance, it's totally understandable; for a while. But if you think you can try to slowly give it up, I suggest you consider trying, because crutches are not empowering. 3. Don't even worry about college. In college, everyone will just think you're **quirky.**
Cob (Missouri Meerschaum -- they also have some applewood ones) Mr. Brog You can use [this search filter at SmokingPipes](https://www.smokingpipes.com/search/the-pipe-locator.cfm?price=-50&amp;sortOpt=default&amp;displayNum=24)
Giving me Kana-Hakkliha vibes.
&gt; verbal blackface Right up there with eye rape and avocado holocaust
CITIZENS OF DETROIT!
If you're posting a job only in India why would you have to put "Indians only?" If you want people *in* India why would you list it as SF? This is some exasperating rhetorical gymnastics right here.
Nearly every employee review mentions their H1B services. https://www.indeed.com/cmp/Premier-IT-Solutions-Inc/reviews
"In Jesus' Name, get out of here!"
Not to mention they have MASSIVE open areas. You watch TOS, TNG, etc., the bridges are HUGE with people having like 100 square feet to themselves. Ever been on an actual real military ship? Cramped as FUCK. Also the chairs are far from comfortable.
If it's not House, then why is Hugh Laurie using an American accent?
Imagine being upset that royalty are full of themselves
Lots of resource land -- only relatively recently exploited in the grand scheme of human history -- and a very strong military and the will to use it. I mean if you suddenly discovered 4 million square miles of mostly-arable and mostly habitable land and invited everyone to come claim some of it, you'd probably build something pretty darn successful.
Apple: Forcing us to use what everyone else uses is bad for everyone and everything Also Apple: We're going to start using what everyone else uses
You can always buy one using your own data. &amp;#x200B; Honestly they're mostly credit checks and criminal records checks.
In practice those apps are generally shadier than the devices could possibly be, and allow full access to the phone and also the ability to lock them or even brick them. Imagine a school not letting you into the classroom unless you were wearing an exoskeleton that could prevent you from leaving class and make you unable to move if somebody pushes a button. I say this of course knowing full well there's plenty of power-mad school administrators who would buy thousands of these in a heartbeat before considering things like textbooks, pencils, or paper, or paying teachers decently.
Certainly wasn't a journalism professor The problem here is that most journalists aren't qualified to determine a damn thing. Have you ever read tech journalism?
At 0:32 you can see a USRobotics booth advertising an ethernet hub
What you suggest is a common quick and dirty solution. It occurs to me though that you could set up a branch or tagged commit of the test collection that aligns to a given version of the AUT, and then use that branch/tag when testing that version. That would also make it easy to retire test collections for out-of-support AUT versions.
In Texas? Oh, Austin, okay. :)
TBF working in tech I've done this plenty, but it depends on the job and the company and the department or boss.
Wait, you're supposed to be apologetic for sneezing? I never understood people who apologize for sneezing. Where the heck does that even come from?
You sure you don't mean an SSL certificate?
If the shoe fuckin fits... She couldn't even subtract 30 years properly.
I know, I want to sign him too, but he wants to expand his career. There's part of me that doesn't like the idea that he was in the Sounders as a jumping pad, but on the other hand, I guess that means we're a good jumping pad. Edit: And maybe that should inform our signings. Find people on teams that have talent potential but don't get used. Get good players for nice prices because they want the starts and apps that they aren't getting.
Obviously he's not a golfer.
The Frenchman is not the issue here.
Ah, fuck it.
The Dude says something like "Chuck" when he points to it.
You ripped this off another online post that showed up in just the past week or two. It worked for that one person in that one anecdote, there's no reason for you to think it would work for anyone else. /r/quityourbullshit material.
It wasn't to appease Britain at all. It was simply to give the US the finger. Elite industrialists were about to overthrow him and claim the islands for the US.
Pausing the tape when the deejay comes on
LOAD "$", 8,1
Card catalogs, the struggle was real
Actually, at that time, it wasn't decimal at all. Edit: IDK why DV, at the time it would have been £0.0s.&amp;half;d
Is that because a new penny was worth 2.4 of an old penny?
no go to your state website or your county website
It is to fit in a banquet hall for a family reunion.
No that part was easy, I'm talking about trying to find all the ways your subject might be identified and then rifling through the card drawers to find books on it. And then finding the book was out :P
No idea what you're on about. Sounds like you used a lot of empty words there to make something sound bad. Maybe you should try being specific. Kind of funny that you are going on about "supposedly comprehensive" and "waffling to the maximum" (wtf does that even mean?) and then provide us with zero detail whatsoever.
Yeah, but... Pelosi held up the articles for some reason, and it clearly wasn't to get witnesses, and it clearly wasn't to make her look good, so...
I really thought /r/boston had fixed its issues years ago, I guess not.
No but we do have a website that catalogs and identifies every gun used in any movie or TV show. http://www.imfdb.org/wiki/Main_Page
The US still has a fair amount of territory that is not states. And we've had others.
Or if you prefer, a Hitler scenario. Which the Palpatine scenario was basically based on.
Some /r/trees spilled on your doorstep mate
I mean if he's wearing a hood is he really naked?
They've won every single Superbowl
You can get anything you want, at Skibbereen Restaurant
Amstrad over here like (. )(. ) | ( .)( .)
You can still do that with UDP (you implement a separate resend mechanism via layer 5/6 instead of 4) it's just not common, particularly for live content.
I'm curious about this perspective on Cleese. What leads you to this conclusion?
You said it pendejo.
https://www.northeastern.edu/campusrec/general/guest.php &gt; Guest Policy - Cabot &gt;Students with current valid Northeastern Husky ID Card; Faculty, Staff and Alumni who have purchased a membership and those that have paid the yearly Rec Fee and with current valid Northeastern Husky ID Card are allowed to invite a guest, but must accompany their guest while in the facility. Only one guest per day is allowed, your guest must be 18 years old or older. &gt;There is no additional fee associated with bringing a guest to Cabot Center. All guests must have photo driver's license or government issued photo identification with address and proof of age. You must register your guest at least one day in advance. You may not register a guest on the same day that you want to use the facility. Guest reservation can be made using the below form. (Marino doesn't have a pool, but Cabot does.) You probably also need to [check the calendar](https://nuevents.neu.edu/CustomBrowseEvents.aspx?data=QuRdKeqFzOlNiDrD91Zu3JPCyDwz%2fhHG9ckX647qjC07Fk3%2bOa0Vhton7y7Pf65SEQSDcKWBz7eFUOPtJ8kUv9GE4LqMul60GHKgh%2bBC3KY%3d) for open swim times. The diving and swimming athletic teams also use the pool.
Just wait till you're laid off and outsourced
How do you work in CS and not be exempt. Part time tier 1 support?
Yeah, I can't even comprehend that. My longest tenure with a company is 3.5 years. It's not even from cutbacks and firings, it's largely from buyouts and mergers and sea changes in workplace culture and job function. The boomer and GG generations did the same work for 30 years at the same company, probably under the same boss. That's almost completely not a thing anymore. My grandfather worked his entire career at General Electric (like practically everyone else in that town at that time) inspecting jet engine parts. And he bought a house and car and so on with that steady employment. I remember when they paid off their mortgage -- they threw a "burn the mortgage" party. He didn't have a degree, either, afaik.
&gt; Even them can be removed overnight. Usually with a multi million dollar exit package.
Excellent post
I was an early adopter of smartphones (2001) and I have never owned an iPhone. I don't understand the mentality at all.
I learned in high school that note taking was *not* useful for studying later, but for *absorbing* the material. I would go back and read my notes and go, yup, yup, I remember all this. The *act* of note taking was the important part, not the studying it later. (YMMV)
Tbf that's at grade and straight and in a remote area, we also are dealing with elevated, curves, and probably noise dampening
I agree though I'd like it to be much much faster
I got Sioux City Sarsaparilla.
Not a hero, because what is a hero?
So, in short no. Foreign interests cannot contribute to any political organizations or campaigns. That being said. There is another option, though. It is legal for foreign interests to contribute to *issue* organizations. So, for example, if there is an organization dedicated to, say, bringing universal national health care to the US, or a GMI, or implementing free public college, etc., it *is* legal for foreign interests to contribute to those -- as long as they are not doing any electioneering related to any candidates. For example, specifically related to universal health care, these are all 501c3 or 501c4 organizations, which are allowed to accept foreign contributions. https://www.wecandobetter.org/ https://pnhp.org/ https://universalhealthct.org/ https://www.healthcare-now.org/ Sources: https://www.fec.gov/help-candidates-and-committees/taking-receipts-pac/who-can-and-cant-contribute-nonconnected-pac/ https://wagenmakerlaw.com/blog/charitable-donations-afar-are-they-tax-deductible https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-07-17/many-political-tax-exempts-no-longer-required-to-report-donors https://ballotpedia.org/501(c)(4)
They're in the 10mpg cars spending an hour on the freeway because transit is bad and a waste of money
Imagine the party of the Big Tent dissing the candidate building the biggest tent
Is that what this is?
My understanding is the white border around the red is a fimbriation (i.e. border divider between red and blue -- because heraldry rules say you can't put tincture against tincture). The reason the cross is counter-split is to give equal stature to the irish red cross and the scottish white cross. moving the red cross to the center places it as higher stature over the white cross.
The tradeoff there is stability and pay. That's really the only thing. I've enjoyed my startup experiences, but they were far from stable. It's like sailing the Atlantic with a sloop versus a cruise liner. They're both rewarding but one is much more insane.
Recruiters aren't exactly industry experts outside of the hiring process. Sure they can get you hired but that doesn't mean you'll last if you don't choose well.
Because you are helpless to find information without people at the company who already know the answer? What? Man, standards have gotten low.
Actually, I bet they would have. Perhaps different things, but I would bet yes. Source: I've worked for startups and I've worked for a large financial data firm.
It's a useful tool to have even if you don't ever use it to the letter.
For buffalo wings (and Buffalo Wild Wings) it's the city. For buffalo burgers, buffalo jerky, it's the animal.
I still say carriage sometimes but everybody around here thinks of baby carriage, so I have to correct myself and say cart. Same with bureau. People think I'm talking about the FBI. Lot of NE slang had to be beaten out of me out west. Now that traffic circles are becoming more common out here, I have to remember not to say rotary; people think of the Rotary Club. I'm lucky I don't still say tonic. Although I refuse to say pop.
Lots of foreigners (i.e. out of staters) moved to MA in the past few decades (especially Boston, and in the 128-495 corridor) so the accent has gotten muted, I'd say.
But do women really need men to save them from themselves? That's sexist! /s
If it was just a hue shift the grass would be the same brightness.
https://bitbucket.org/inventis/phpunit-formatter-katalon-recorder/issues/1/undefined-index-selenium_hub-error-when It looks like you're using this project: https://bitbucket.org/inventis/phpunit-formatter-katalon-recorder It seems like whoever wrote that wrote it for a very specific Selenium server setup. They also provided zero documentation. (Whee, bad open source developers are great.) Here's documentation from PHP about the RemoteWebDriver::create() method: https://hotexamples.com/examples/-/RemoteWebDriver/create/php-remotewebdriver-create-method-examples.html
Why don't they go by last name like most of the planet?
Is cake really that good? I find that cake makes the tobacco taste worse; more burnt and *too* dry. I also don't like smoking dottle at all. Relit half burnt tobacco always tastes worse. Again, smokier and burnt and harsher.
If Selenium server is running on that port, then no. I can't really diagnose your whole setup from here.
College is experience, kind of. Especially if you go to a college with good internships or co-op program.
Uh, blood?
Eight year olds, Dude.
Jesus christ now I'm old. Operation Just Cause (as in "a cause that is just") was the name of the US mission to arrest General Manuel Noriega of Panama in '89. It was spearheaded by an unassuming young US general by the name of Colin Powell. Part of the operation involved setting up loudspeakers outside Noriega's house blasting heavy metal to drive him out. Anyway, the gist of this is mirrored in Just Cause 1, in which Rico is sent to a Central American country to overthrow its dictator president. That's where it comes from. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_invasion_of_Panama
The fact that out here, street numbers line up with house numbers. Also, highway exits are numbered by mile marker and not sequentially.
__________/ ___/ __/ / shutterstonks
Apropos of nothing, I just today saw someone post on Twitter about a person who is said be the new vice leader of a local neo-nazi group. I worked in a medium sized office with said person about 6-7 years ago. Fucking trippy.
For the plasma experiment he only used beakers because it's what he already had, they weren't essential
Mother Fucker God Damn It.
Forinahs tryina tell us howda say wickid
Ya wickid quare
I can recall the proportion of women going down after the weedout period in CS program. It wasn't that more women were weeded out than men, but the result was that the proportion of women in the program went down afterwards. On the other hand, the valedictorian of my CS program in my year, with a 4.0, was a woman, so there's that. As was one of the assistant deans and a number of the profs. In fact my favorite prof in that program is a woman.
Where was it declined? By who? How? Was it actually an article with content or just an empty page? Provide sources please.
Peta haters: Peta did abuse when they killed animals Also peta haters: Gimme a steak
Can we kill and eat you? I assume you're disease free and I hear human is pretty tasty, like fatty pork. I mean, as long as we don't do it "unethically"
I've heard of something in game testing called actor testing, where you try to play the game as different types of players. Speedrunners, casuals, newbies, aggros, etc.
France really fucked up by not having it's firefighters commonly lumped in with the police as brave government agents so they all act as brothers, like in the US. You'd never ever have firefighters (and EMTs etc.) opposing police like this in the US because they treat each other like one big happy blue-red family.
/r/ilerminaty
Just wait for UK to come up with some barmy fucking pronged connector just to give EU the two finger salute.
We do, it's call momanddadism
Remember when people said we should make her our First Lady?
I'm really impressed by the number of people in this thread going "I don't know much about it, but, I'm all for it!"
No matter what, that's just some brain dead optics right there.
Are you saying you want to have two attributes in one call? Use get_attribute twice and concatenate the results. Again... this is not so much a selenium question as it is a "how to program" question, and this is not general purpose learn-to-program sub.
The only time I've heard of that kind of testing was for video game testing, so they could identify if the player is getting frustrated. But that's way down the line from functional testing.
No, [this is why you're a white nationalist](https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalCompassMemes/comments/g7v3x0/true_kings_respect_others/fokun81/) also [just in case](https://www.removeddit.com/r/PoliticalCompassMemes/comments/g7v3x0/true_kings_respect_others/fokun81/)
This whole picture gives me fuzzies
I get at least ten emails a day telling me I'm hacked...
I don't understand how that could happen just by accident. They specifically choose the audio tracks to put into specific tracks on the master disc. It's not like they routinely just take all footage and audio ever made during the filming and dump it onto the disc and then piece it together. Must have been deliberate.
If you mean "being used as a cop car," I agree.
have you even looked at the photos of the people doing the destroying
Thank you. I hope to be reasonable and productive.
But those UAT users should be using the system under test as they normally would, not constrained to prescribed actions, otherwise that's just being drafted as manual functional QA, and is redundant with it
Create another driver object When you're dealing with browser 1 use driver1, when you're dealing with browser 2 use driver2.
I'm glad your country has no racism. Wanna trade?
go cry in your ipa
Honestly a lot of punk fans are just.. not good people. I say that as someone who enjoys punk. And I know there's plenty of good and/or decent punk fans. But a lot of subcultures really turn me off. Not just racist skinheads (not to be confused with non-racist skinheads) but the straight edge types are almost just as bad. Nothing more than smug judgmental holier-than-thou puritans. And of course there was FSU...
Your comment was removed, because it made a derogatory statement about a demographic group or individual, based on their race, gender, sexual orientation or identity. If you disagree with this ruling, please appeal by messaging the moderators.
Just like standing on a corner in Winslow, Arizona (there's [actually a statue there](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standin%27_on_the_Corner_Park))
Worcester MA "Welcome ta Woostah"
Yes, agreed. *wonders why pointing out turds in a culture is always treated like a condemnation of the entire culture*
Nobody wants to talk about the women in Alabama whom a majority voted for and supported the woman Governor who signed the anti-abortion law. I don't know how that is glossed over, but I suspect it's with some kind of "the men force the women to vote a certain way" hypothesis. Or maybe the no true Scotsman argument.
Pretty sure Trump is not my employer, more like he's supposed to be the American people's employee. *shrug* I remember something about us getting rid of the monarchy at one point.
Ngl, when I feel myself start to cry in public, I get upset at myself. The last time in particular, I was doing a hosting gig at a restaurant, I had to chew out some really loud patrons, and the owner was pissed at me, claiming I'd said a bunch of shit I didn't say. I held my ground for a while, pointing out that my job is to make sure the people there for *me* can participate with what I'm there for, and people not there for me that make that impossible are harming my success. But after her repeated badgering, my voice started to shake and I started to get watery eyes. Funnily enough, that's exactly when she finally let up -- which only made me hate her more. But I was *pissed* at *myself* for starting to break down.
inb4 "pepper balls aren't tear gas"
Which isn't necessarily synonymous with identity politics or SJW or, say, \#killallmen etc.
I mean, I literally found the exact version of one of the graffiti used that was clearly merged into the image, so, shrug
I'd love to know what 2XC would say to this. Probably something like "You should explain to your son the centuries of oppression of women at the hands of men like him and why systems to correct for the oppression that he wields against his girl classmates are necessary in order to provide more opportunities for women to gain equity with the patriarchy. He should be happy that his school is helping women overcome the biases that they face throughout their lives and make the sacrifice for the sake of women's rights"
Do you find it common that other languages teach you about things not related to writing in the language? There's plenty of bad code out there in every language. I can't think of a language that goes out if its way to tell you what not to do in it. That's a different discipline and it's on you to learn that, not have it fed to you by the language documentation. It's like buying a gun and being upset it didn't come with a manual that said "don't aim this at your face"
I love Denny's because it's always open and it's reliable food. Hungry at 2AM? Go to Denny's. Need a pick me up on a drive? Stop at a Denny's. Also because all the Denny'ses near me shut down last year. Also because as a teen back East we would all routinely go to that one Denny's in Danvers after things like theater club.
Imagine someone publicly upset about seeing stuff he doesn't want to see being publicly upset about someone complaining about his stuff being something they don't want to see
You're using Candace Owens as an expert on the left?
And recently... https://www.politico.com/news/2020/05/08/monthly-payments-2000-coronavirus-243670 Although specifically for covid response.
Not that it's been much of an issue for cars in my price range, but I always look for fabric seats. The *real* bitch is shoes and belts.
If I remember my Reddit history right, this one was the crappy one for a while, but it got better. Or maybe I'm thinking of /r/SeattleWA.
she's a vegan, she thinks animals shouldn't be killed, but defended, so yeah your interpretation of this depends entirely on your attitude towards the lives of animals
I'd probably ["fail" the IQ test](https://abcnews.go.com/US/court-oks-barring-high-iqs-cops/story?id=95836) :P
Did you see the bottom few answers on here? https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50642308/webdriverexception-unknown-error-devtoolsactiveport-file-doesnt-exist-while-t One solution says: &gt;`System.setProperty("webdriver.chrome.driver","pathto\\chromedriver.exe");` `ChromeOptions options = new ChromeOptions();` `options.setExperimentalOption("useAutomationExtension", false);` `WebDriver driver = new ChromeDriver(options);` `driver.get(url);` Another says: &gt; MUST BE ON TOP: &gt; `options.addArguments("--no-sandbox"); //has to be the very first option`
If you take Option 1 and games open up again, then you'll pay per game, while keeping the remainder credit in your account. If you take Option 2 and games open up again, you'll get your seats, but unused tickets will be made as credit in your account. So in Option 1 you get a 15 game credit, and if you go to 2 more games, you pay for 2 seats. If you subtract the cost of those seats from your 15 game credit, it's probably less than 13 seat's worth. Meanwhile in Option 2 if you go to 2 more games, you get a 13 seat credit in your account. That means option 1 is *slightly* worse than 2 if games open back up this year. And if games *don't* open back up this year... there's no apparent difference that I can see. FWIW it doesn't actually say that getting 2020 seats under option 1 involves paying for seats. It says &gt; If you select this Option 1 and matches with fans as normal are allowed, you will be able to get your seats for those matches. More details on how that will work will be communicated.
iF yOu dOnT bReAk tHe lAw tHe pOlIcE wOnT bOtHeR yOu
does that mean imports are okay? :|
*i can tell this is a famine, from the pixels of my qanon posts and having seen many online famines in my time*
i mean, cubans have a higher life expectancy than the US, but that's none of my business
They're giving away masks...
It really shows what magats think qualifies as "education"
Some people it seems preferred that scene. They're all ragey now because people are like, not being violent, and they're bored to tears that people aren't fucking dying
Would mod-added flairs also help? Like "Good discussion" or "Positive content" or something like that that could be added to quality / desirable posts.
Well the president told me that the virus will go away when it's warm and it was 72 out yesterday. /s
Must not have been here long, that was big news. Although lost in the shuffle since then. What's sad is that we have so many murders by police in this country that we end up forgetting about some of them.
The officer ended up quitting, although it was likely that disciplinary action was coming after the commission, just barely, determined that he'd acted against procedure.
Exactly
Do you stop people with bags of groceries outside the supermarket and ask them if they paid for those groceries? Do you stop people cutting down trees with a chainsaw and ask them if those are actually their trees? Do you stop people driving cars and ask them if it's really their car? People riding bicycles? People walking dogs? It's none of her god damned self-entitled business.
"I have zero evidence, but it fits my preconceptions so it must be true" Murica wins again
&gt; Guess they're not so autonomous Implying that they believe they are. Why is that? Because "iT's iN tHe nAmE"? Is the United States united? Is the Democratic People's Republic of Korea democratic? Is Cable News Network really news? Is a cherry tomato a cherry?
Let's not devolve into a "definition of feminism", because that gets distracting. I think most of us are hopefully aware that (despite protestations from those who benefit from denying it) there are multiple versions of feminism. I would say someone who believes this &gt; they should be treated as equals to men, have access to proper health care, job opportunities and freedom to live their lives free from harm and unrealistic societal standards based on sex/gender. that's what you'd also call an /r/egalitarian.
Well.... dictionary definitions are so oppressive these days doncha know :P
Question: If you were a self-respecting, successful guy, who was not racist or violent, would you spend your life with a woman who *is* racist *and* violent about it? You would have to assume that either 1. he doesn't know much at all about his wife to not have known she was racist and violent or 2. he held similar beliefs. But maybe she's just great in the sack and he really didn't care if she wanted to shoot "disgusting cattle" black people? That's so much better... He later says "this is not tolerated in my family." Well his wife is his family and he clearly tolerated it -- until it came to bite his ass. &gt; you have no legal way to control a wife You *do* have a legal way to control *who* is your wife.
No, they don't, it doesn't jibe with their bullshit assumptions
Still waiting on my check. After all I didn't get one from Trump either.
Is joke. For glorious lulz at ancaps and orangemen.
"I get all my information from anonymous twitter posts screencapped onto 4chan"
For the lulz
I'm sure you have "an LGBT friend" OP
https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/how-the-nazis-defense-of-just-following-orders-plays-out-in-the-mind
&gt; victim blaming Rich athlete having psycho racist wife is victim, umok. Divorce, it's a thing, look it up. You're saying he's forced to stay married to a psycho violent racist? &gt; You don't know what they have ever discussed before in their entire history together. Imagine marrying someone and not having any idea that they're a violent racist. I guess if your marriage is shallow as fuck, sure. In which case, that's on you. &gt; It's about his employer's decision. I mean the whole argument that his employer's decision is immoral is because you find it reasonable to be married to someone and have zero idea that they're a closet psycho racist. Dude. That's not reasonable, and it ought to work both ways too. Is your wife/husband a violent racist? If your answer is "idklol," man I feel sorry for your life choices.
Why on earth would we want anything to do with the right? PS Where are those right wing militias that are ready to defend the people from government overreach and federal invasion? Yeah that was all bullshit.
Are you hiring? How do you know they don't live in the area already?
It sounds like you're saying you don't want white people protesting racial police violence. What's your definition of "chocolate cities?" There's about 25 cities over 25K in the US that are majority African-American, and incidentally Minneapolis is not one of them. It sounds like you're saying only those cities are the ones that should protest.
If you're a historian, do some actual research, instead of parroting bullshit talking points. You seem to have images of Guevarian guerillas in berets flying red flags and smoking cigars kicking out all the business owners dancing in your head when you hear about what's going on here. I'd show you the pictures I took Thursday when I was there, but somehow you'd still see Stalin in every photo, like some kind of red scare paranoia inkblot test. Imagine, people just being nice to each other and discussing things and wanting to do so in peace without armored forces launching gas grenades and peppering rubber bullets and beating people with sticks. That's not the world you want, I guess. Maybe you'd prefer the latter, in which case, you're a couple weeks late for that show. In short, you presumptions of what is going on here are completely off base, you're not concerned with reality, you're operating based on partisan rhetoric and taxonomic literalism. If self-determination necessitates state secession, tell me, why do we have cities and towns? Why do we have counties? Why do we have states? Why don't we just let the central government rule us all directly? After all, wanting to have control over a subnational area, according to this definition, is revolutionary secession. All these states and cities are just "seceding" from national control.
Oh good, the Ratz has gotten outside from his cave.
It says "Segundos" which is Spanish for seconds.
Ngl Durkan is shit. Half the city council is now calling for her to step down. Incidentally there hasn't even been an R candidate for mayor make it to the general ballot since 1989.
I don't think that dial is itself a timer, as in, it spins around to keep time. It has a screw trough in it suggesting to me that you set it to a certain amount of time with a screwdriver and it stays set and then the inner workings causes the switch to stay closed for that long.
I thought we were supposed to dry our tobacco?
dOnT tAkE eVeRyThInG sO sErIoUsLy they tell me
Yeah, I looked, it does say their *ingredients* are vegan, but it doesn't say anything about process. It's like white sugar, it's often bleached with bonemeal. You don't get any bone in the bag of white sugar, so it's technically vegan, even though animal products were used in the processing to make it. (One of the appeals of turbinado.)
People who are looking to enter the league voluntary enter the league draft. Especially if they don't care what team they play for. Especially people who maybe haven't quite had the standout college sports career that would lead to a direct signing as sometimes happens. It's a way for relatively undistinguished new players to find ways into the league sport and for teams to get relatively low cost players. It's set up a bit like a lottery with teams getting picks in a certain order, in multiple rounds of picking. Usually the team that was least successful last year gets an early pick, but teams can also sell their "picks" to another team in exchange for a player or money or something like that. So say the Browns will get first pick in the first round next year because they did really bad last year and are most in need of good players. But the Browns might decide they would really like that guy from the Patriots and will say "we'll give you our first pick in exchange for that guy" and now the Patriots have first pick but the Browns have that one good guy from the Patriots. Now, there's sometimes another draft called an expansion draft, where a newly created team allowed into the league is allowed to pick a certain number of existing league players off other teams, and those teams usually only have a limited amount of "locks" they can use to protect players from being sniped that way, but if you have a lot of good players on your team it's not possible to protect all of them.
Elvis Costello was banned from SNL for playing "Radio Radio" instead of "Less Than Zero." Sinead O'Connor was banned from SNL after ripping up a picture of Pope John Paul II and calling him "the real enemy"... although in the past ten years she's been a bit vindicated there.
White feminism fails at intersectionality yet again
TBF it's been tarnished by people who adopt it, too. I mean, have you *read* /r/mr? Especially lately. There's a reason why LWMA is here and /r/mr doesn't suffice.
Aren't men part of the community?
Segundos is Spanish for seconds.
The word "father" appears neither in OP's post or in the text of the page linked, so, I don't see how you could be talking about fathers and be referring to either.
IMO Areo went significantly into right wing territory about a year after S^2. There were smatterings of IDW leftism, but the majority of major articles became significantly RW. Gerfried Ambrosch's articles in particular, especially his repeated use of generalized terms and blanket condemnations to describe his specific problems with very specific situations. In general though, despite waving a flag of fact-based nonpartisanism, what they print is predominantly anti-left. Even Reason is more balanced than that.
STOP HAVING A GOOD TIME, THIS IS SUPPOSED TO SUCK
&gt; take Tucker seriously.
Well, after you've successfully driven everyone away with purism, that's when SPD will jaunt back in and make this whole thing a distant memory. Shaming people doesn't work. It usually just breeds resentment. Not a successful strategy.
Because the majority of the media and seemingly thousands of people out there want nothing more than to discredit, defame, and destroy what's going on there, and misleading stories and suspiciously cliched claims of criminal activity, without evidence, are its biggest opponents. Whether they come from the SPD or they come from anonymous people on reddit without any proof.
I liked the reason they gave in the old vintage YCDTOTV skit: "Teacher, did it occur to you that the cameras will now also see how bad YOU are?" Cue teacher covering up camera quickly.
Then OP should try some of the detection-avoidance techniques here. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53039551/selenium-webdriver-modifying-navigator-webdriver-flag-to-prevent-selenium-detec
I don't appreciate conflating everyone who went to CHAZ who wasn't there to be an active police protester to being a loaded up kid. Does that include me who dropped off a bag of supplies at the NCCO and went because I wanted to see what had been created and what people had accomplished together? I don't understand this hate of people who enter CHAZ and don't want to be full time physical militants as "tourists." All it will do is alienate people. That won't help either. If you're specifically talking about people being disrespectful, then clarify the message because the overall message right now is "if you're not here to camp out and strategize and physically fight, stay home." And it only serves to prove the RWNJs going on about "they built walls and banned immigration, how bow dah" right. As I understand it, the reason it's no longer officially called CHAZ is specifically to placate those RWNJs. So much for not caring about making white people comfortable. Incidentally, the movement has plenty of [other, more damaging fish to fry](https://q13fox.com/2020/06/15/black-clergy-members-say-they-support-seattle-police-chief-in-leading-police-reform/).
Yeah but then they'll start saying "What a CROCH of shit"
&gt; Could have sworn I heard the Seattle Police Chief say otherwise 2 hours ago. They've said both. The SPD changes its story more often than it changes its riot shifts. "Business are being extorted." "Actually no we have no reports of that." "There are rapes going on there." "Actually no we have no reports of that." "We have credible reports of arson attempts." "Actually no we don't." "We are continuing to respond to emergencies in the area." "Actually no we can't because we have no way to patrol an area or set up command centers without a nice shiny building in the middle." "We left the building in the interest of public safety." "Actually no Durkan fucked us."
Takes one to know one?
Unless you are physically blind, I don't understand how you could be there and not see the BLM messaging literally everywhere.
Minor critique, I think the term "vendors" in the article is not apt. NCCO isn't really a vendor. Vendor implies selling. The hot dog stand that was there? Sure, that's a vendor, and they take cash. Probably people selling BLM/CHAZ materials and crafts are vendors and they probably take cash. But the NCCO and the stock tents are not vendors.
The term "incel" was literally [invented by a woman who was having trouble finding relationships](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-45284455) and started an online group for similar people. She, like many of the women in the group, found a relationship within a couple years and left. So yeah.
https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/534bab45-b1eb-44bf-896b-065b9d93247a
Some of you have never seen an unkept lawn and it shows
I guess it goes both ways. I don't think that men in say the 1700s or 1800s skipped work for their wives' 11 births. They had midwives and such for that.
Because it is *a* Confederate Flag and it is *the* flag that most Confederate supporters fly. Why do so many people who have nothing to do with Northern Virginia fly a flag of Northern Virginia to honor their "heritage"?
Because Americans are morons. Speaking as someone who has lived around Americans all my life.
11 and 8 are the same car... 2 of the 4 cars are on concrete, not grass Incidentally here's another photo of [a car in that park](https://i1.wp.com/www.capitolhillseattle.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Screen-Shot-2020-03-21-at-5.44.37-PM.png?fit=472%2C614&amp;ssl=1)
Is
Naw dude I don't think anyone thought when they saw city employees painting "BLACK" that it was gonna be like "BLACKS BACK TO AFRICA" or "BLACK MOTHERFUCKERS" or some shit. Especially since they said they were doing it in the first place Also DC is like hugely black. Whites are actually technically a numeric minority in DC. Every mayor of DC (which has been a thing since 1975) has been black. No way the city is going to paint like "BLACK N---RS SUCK".
Tell me, when you vote for different people, how do they "solve" these problems? Answer: Putting them in jails and dumping them in other cities. *wipes hands satisfyingly*
Do you know how many people out there are ranting about "whats happening in Soviet Seattle" who don't live anywhere near it? Even in this sub? I don't know you and I don't go profile diving every time someone posts. Why put the onus on others to have to background check you instead of just providing some evidence? It doesn't look like it was that hard in the end to do so. People doubted you, and I would argue not without reason as there is so much misinformation going around, and you provided evidence, finally, and then people knew what you were referring to, but don't agree with your reaction to it as dismissive of the entire occupation.
Ayckschualllly; G W Bush used it during 9/11.
Why did I know that murdering people would be somewhere in your answer
Dummies only are for Reddit.
That's what art museum draftsmen get for demanding $15/hr /s
1. Don't do this. 2. Threads.
Don't even talk to me about Firefox and extensions. You think Google is bad.... Firefox's horrible treatment of extensions literally finally forced me to Chrome indefinitely, years ago.
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/70/BrowserUsageShare.png
I do know that there is a phenomenon called the MIT Solstice too.
Premise invalid. Homosexuality is not an identifiably genetic trait. Thus it would not be selected against. While studies have shown [certain markers more common among people who have had same-gender sexual relations](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-019-02585-6) (which, incidentally, isn't technically the same as homosexuality), the commonality was minor and not reliable or predominant in that group.
/r/brandnewsentence
Tags or tabs? And Mass people don't call them that, they call them stickers. Took a while after moving to Seattle to figure out what the hell people were talking about when they were complaining about "car tabs"
WA started doing biannual emissions tests for cars over a certain age, but then got rid of it because it was a pain to keep emissions centers going (they didn't hand the job over to service stations like some states do, but had state run testing centers). The effect of older cars having poor emissions is offset by the improvements of emissions on newer cars, I guess. Eventually old cars stop working and get replaced with newer cars.
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2020/jun/18/anti-racism-protests-coronavirus-rise-covid-19-cases https://www.wired.com/story/what-minnesotas-protests-are-revealing-about-covid-19-spread/ https://www.wsj.com/articles/recent-protests-may-not-be-covid-19-transmission-hotspots-11592498020
The [decommissioning plan for Oyster Creek](https://www.nrc.gov/docs/ML1814/ML18141A775.pdf) is expected to take *sixty years.* I don't know how sixty years of what is effectively area denial is considered somehow clean. Let's do the math here. OCGP started running in 1969. It was shut down in 2018. So it was running for just under 50 years. *It will take 10 years longer longer to decommission the plant that it spent actually operating.* That's "clean?" Incidentally the ISFSI of Oyster Creek only [begun being loaded in 2002](https://www.nrc.gov/docs/ML1535/ML15357A055.pdf), so that certainly does not reflect the entirety of waste created by the plant over its years of operation, as you imply with "after 49 years of operation and the spent fuel pad is less than half the size of the plant parking lot." Also, the ISFSI doesn't represent even the entirety of spent fuel from the start of its use in 2002. There are certainly [still spent fuel sitting in the spent fuel pool](https://njmonthly.com/articles/politics-public-affairs/after-the-shutdown-oyster-creek-nuclear-generating-station-forked-river/), yet to be put in dry storage. Incidentally, the decommissioning work of OCGS is estimated to cost $1.11 billion dollars. On top of the inflation-adjusted $500 million cost of building it in the first place, plus the annual costs of running the plant, I really wonder how efficient it really was after all. And we haven't even gotten into the factor of needing 10 mile and 50 mile emergency contingency plans for a nuclear plant. I'm not sure what the health and environmental impact radius of a solar or wind plant accident is, but I don't think it extends 50 miles.
But in the end it doesn't really matter
&gt; Johnson, in character as Rocky, referenced himself by mentioning a son that he predicted would be "the most electrifying man in sports entertainment." That amusing line seemed like a funny quip at the time, but it actually came true I mean, at the time of filming, that was already a phrase then-wrestler Rock was using to describe himself.
By "science" you mean "capitalism"
This can go two very different ways Edit: In case this was the comment that got me permabanned just a few minutes later, let me elaborate. Previous commenter says "the loud angry people refuse to bring up or acknowledge there's also another reason cops and black people interact so much" I was pointing out that without detail, the "another reason" the commenter has in mind could be two *very* different things and it's not at all clear which they have in mind. For the record, those possibilities are 1. Systematic police racism 2. A (racist) belief that black people are more inclined to crime Given the people that have been popping up in this sub, it's by no means clear which one they had in mind. May I just add, too, that summarily banhammering on ambiguously interperable comments is not the world's greatest look.
"No homo, but... homo."
Satire is a tool to point out the absurdity of things. I suppose The Producers should be deleted because it has sympathetic portrayals of Nazis. What of Hogan's Heroes I wonder? In fact let's delete the entire Tarantino catalog because using racial slurs to illustrate bad people is ... wait, I'm confused
&gt; SPD has the training, supervision, analytics, and external oversights to ensure that the department continuously improves its response to demonstrations *blink* *blink* &gt; SPD outlines where it thinks these efforts can begin Step 1. Fire Best and hire someone who does not repeatedly lie to the public and who can actually properly manage the department.
We use that part of the meat for [pork chops](https://st.focusedcollection.com/11312302/i/1800/focused_149663844-stock-photo-raw-pork-chop.jpg). Never seen it sliced like bacon.
So in other words, instead of a programming construct making it so you can write less code, this is a construct that *compels* you to write *extra* code. Marvelous...
The nice thing about "isPresent()" is that when you're reading the code and you ask "what is this doing" you can easily see that it is *checking if something is present.* Something you don't get at all from this JS-Promise-esque "ifPresentElseThrow(lambdaIfPresent, lambdaIfNotPresent)" syntax. I remember when Java advocated readable code... Edit: Even a builder style syntax would be better for readability's sake. Optional.returnIfPresent().elseThrow(e); Optional.returnIfPresent().elseCall(function/lambda); Optional.callIfPresent(lambda).elseCall(lambda);
Perhaps it was because he was trying to fit in with humans so he kept to human weapons. Also perhaps because he wasn't supposed to be really informing the Union about Kaylons and it's something they typically keep secret. Perhaps it was disabled in him until he returned to Kaylon in S2. Maybe if things had really gotten dire in that ep he would have whipped them out and ended it. It may also be he figured it would scare the fuck out of the humans.
I'll allow it
That first screenshot looks strikingly like a building I made in ActiveWorlds a long time ago.
PS the "Dianna" woman in the video (the one that says "he should be beaten") is Dianna Ploss, a YouTuber and host of a class-B AM radio talk show and general Karen-For-Trump-around-town. https://twitter.com/DiannaPlossShow https://www.universalhub.com/2020/angry-trump-lady-youtube-channel-came-west-roxbury
Good to know. The article posted didn't seem to mention anything like this.
Imagine thinking an art museum is a good model for a shopping center
Apparently police stop murders now? Oh, apparently police solve crimes. Okay. Except not so much. [The state of WA had 1,600 unsolved homicides as of 2016](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/crime/washington-state-proposes-team-to-pursue-police-cold-cases/). But murders are hard. Well, what about rapes? https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/crime/washington-attorney-general-identifies-nearly-6500-untested-rape-kits-statewide/ Yeah the police are doing a real bang up job at that whole investigating thing.
I mean, there's black people who wave the Confederate flag. There were French collaborationists. There were Jews who collaborated with the Nazis. There was an American Tokyo Rose. There was a British man, Lord Haw Haw, who served as a Nazi propaganda voice while Germany was bombing his homeland. There's gay Republicans. Heck.... there's /r/menslib. There were slaves who were put in charge of other slaves ("drivers"). In Nazi camps there were Jews who likewise had authority other prisoners (Oberkapos, ghetto police). Doesn't really prove anything that collaborationism is a thing. It's pretty rare to have a universal movement. Hell, it's not even clear that the majority of American colonists were in favor of the Revolution. It certainly wasn't universal, though.
And also the end of worker protections, the end of fire departments, the end of welfare, the end of unemployment insurance, the end of the EPA, the FDA, the DOE, the end of public schools, heck, even [the end of drivers licenses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcllE7fx8-I). Nice try though
R-88, I-976, I-1631, I-1634, I-732, I-1464, a raft of other statewide votes suggest it's not as easy as you think.
I occasionally have to live-call my team member because I start to think she's upset or frustrated based on her skype messages.
Vaccines make your kids sleep in your bed and make you roll over on top of them so they can't breathe! https://www.thedailybeast.com/evee-clobes-autopsy-anti-vaxx-moms-child-on-campaign-posters-died-co-sleeping-not-from-vaccines
Mmmmmmm... noooods...
Showing weakness is death in the male world.
Bit bloody late for that you doss conts If I were EU I'd be like "you can come back, but you can't leave again, and also we're done with Farage." Of course if I were EU I would have pushed for the hardest damn Brexit you'd ever see. You wants it, you fookin gets it m8.
For some reason even though I know what a Koch Snowflake is, my first thought was "triggered conservatives"
f. w.
OP said they saw this building every day of their lives which means they probably live in or near the town where this building is located and that's what I was trying to refer to but apparently it didn't work.
TBF I did think it was really funny that a lumber company built their headquarters out of concrete. I knew people who had worked there and they said they were very fond of it. Like most good project ideas in that town, they couldn't find the funding to do something like a CC with it. That town has a chronic issue with lacking the will or the cachet to achieve it's potential. It's what eventually drove me to move out of it.
Easy there
"We don't care. We don't have to. We're Gen X." although that reference might be a tad north of Gen X era.
That's a lie, I put on my mask and stopped breathing and my oxygen went WAY down. FAKE NEWS /s
And these were not "poor working class men in need of economic resources," that's just blatantly false, they were workers -- many management -- at elite high-end private clubs, aside from the money they were making off drug sales to their high end clients. [How 'blatant' drug dealers 'treated like celebrities' in Diamond Strip bars were brought to justice](https://www.chroniclelive.co.uk/news/north-east-news/how-blatant-drug-dealers-treated-16783906) &gt; [police became aware that known drug dealers were being afforded "celebrity status"](https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2019/september/gang-of-drug-dealers-who-targeted-bars-in-newcastle-city-centre-jailed-for-more-than-50-years/) in a number of popular bars and nightclubs. They discovered drug dealers were being granted free entry to clubs, allowed to skip queues and were given free drinks in VIP areas. Real gritty right there! Furthermore, those nightclubs were on Collingwood Street in Newcastle, which is one of the fanciest neighborhoods in town amidst some of [the town's high streets](https://newcastlegateshead.com/business-directory/shopping/shopping-centre), and the center of the "premium nightclub district." Finally... The one woman in the case was also given a 2 year 6 month prison sentence, right in line with to the other people involved who were sentenced for dealing.
You can access the element directly in the DOM. One way is with Actions. The other way would be through Javascript.
There was a guy running for office in WA a few years back and his domain started with "elect richard" and I couldn't not read it as "electric hard"
Really regretting not leaving the country years ago rn
Joe Rogan isn't leftist. Just because he supported Bernie doesn't make him leftist, in fact one of the talking points was that him *not* being a leftist showed the appeal of the principles gopng beyond party or politics.
&gt; I can understand many MRAs' frustrations with feminism, and not only that, we're never going to get anything done if we don't challenge at least some parts of the feminist doctrine I can understand it, but that doesn't mean I have to support, endorse, or defend it. Challenging feminist doctrine and even the feminist movement at large and personally attacking or bashing all individual self-described feminists isn't *necessarily* the same thing. It's the difference between ideas and people. NOW is just one feminist organization, and it's hardly the sole shield bearer of any form of feminism.
What definition of "moving away" means "devoting all energy to opposing and destroying with vitriol?" That's not the only way. It sounds like you want leftist men to become "ANTIFEM" and I think there's honestly bigger fish to fry.
Poor team culture fit from what I understood.
IMO you stop being the victim when you start being the villain.
Scientology isn't a religion, it's a corporation based in quackery and science fiction, and it wields financial power like a cryptofascist movement. Probably the closest thing on the planet to a world domination criminal organization. They recruit heavily from stars for the PR benefit. They use psychological and sociological punishment to abuse unruly members, sue people for exposing their tenets (seriously what religion has a copyright on its scriptures?) and for opposing them, have even gotten countries to use police force on people to silence their critics. &gt; Why do you combine his religion to his movies? Same thing not occurring with Muslim actors Scientology and Islam aren't even remotely comparable. That's a red herring. Even saying that is almost obvious troll bait. Besides, I don't fault him his movie career. He was the bomb in Tropic Thunder. But he as a person is tainted by his adherence to a dangerous psycho money space cult.
Sail Rock? Don't know the area but that is the one that looks most similar from a cursory map search around SF.
I think people overreacted to people showing up to enjoy life. Coachella types or not I don't know how you could go there and not be affected positively. That backlash was counterproductive; a puritanical desire for purity and conformity. That never works out well. In fact... not to sound like a glad-handing J. Ratz type, but... the sentiment behind turning away the visitors sounds kinda xenophobic and territorial, a la "go back to the festival you came from, this place is only for REAL CHAZers" and that wasn't something I thought CHAZ/OP was ever supposed to be about.
Fuckin break the bank Most people's meds in the US *with* private insurance is $30/mo *per*
&gt; Fireworks are a serious issue not only in the City of Boston, but all across the country "Oh, and black lives, yeah that too, sure."
And blue laws.
"I know this person is the most powerful human being in the world, but I'd rather live in a fantasy land where the real world doesn't matter"
Last I checked America was pretty significant player in world affairs Maybe not in Pokemonverse world, but, in the real world There's a reason people freak out about the Dow Jones and the Nasdaq and not the NSE or the ASX or the CSE
Meanwhile this sub right here mentions Trump about twice a day
NOW is governmental? Huh? The most vocal and provocative voices tend to be the ones that rise to the top of any public interest organization, regardless of what social topic they deal with.
I have to imagine CHOP has been good for business, festival goers or otherwise.
Yeah, and when you matriculate through your A-levels and you don't know what is going on in the world you'll be all book and no practice.
/r/MensRights can decide for itself whether it's in that category. Past few months? It has been real close.
Floss brah Get those disposable floss picks, it's easier
The pilot sped up and headed downwards after firing, and that combination meant he crossed the path of his previously shot rounds. http://www.check-six.com/Crash_Sites/Tiger138260.htm
Memories
When you secede can my MA birth allow me citizenship? You know, right of return and all.
