SMASH THAT MF 4TH SEED BUTTON
The Mariners have the played the same amount of football games, as Felix Hernandez has played playoff games.
We always started the first Monday after New Year's
OP is a friend of mine, and when I showed him [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/simpsonsshitposting/comments/773kay/do_you/) from this sub, he felt the need to gif it. Really did a cromulent job too.
ugh, a grammatical error while poking fun at someone's else's grammar, my worst nightmare. I have been owned online.
OU isn't consistently good year-in, year-out in hoops, but their highs are pretty good. What's really impressive though, is that if Trae Young continues this pace, then they'll have 3 Heisman winners and 3 Wooden winners in a 15 year span.
&gt;Fans of both of our teams should never pull for the other, in any circumstances. You would think so because that's like rule #1 of any rivalry, but judging by the comments in the last few days, a lot of OSU fans are rooting for Michigan and it makes me sick. Best rivalry in the nation my ass.
We had all the momentum, and you guys didn't have a reliable kicker. You guys could've won, sure, but we had the better odds. Luckily, we'll never know.
&gt;Also, Kick 6 is probably up there, Bama wins that game in OT 110% of the time What? We had all the momentum in that 4th quarter, and Bama's kicker was completely rattled. Yes, they could've won, but they wouldn't have been favored to win in OT, let alone win "110% of the time".
One of my favourite comments on this sub was in the Post Game Thread after the Kick Six, someone said "Bama should've let Cade Foster kick the last FG, you can't return a kick that lands 20 yards out of bounds"
Jarrett Stidham and scrambling until he finds an open receiver. Name a more iconic duo.
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/022/017/thumb.png
Ok, so after this game we'll have played 5 games against teams who finished the regular season with 1 or fewer losses. I feel like that's gotta be a record.
TRU GODDAMN SOUTH CAROLINA FOOTBALL HOURS SMASH THAT MF COCK IF U UP
I really like that each UCF player has their hometown area codes on the crown of their helmets.
https://i.imgur.com/20D3YMi.png
finished the season the same way we started with a stagnant offense and turnovers
Michigan has as many bowl wins this season as they have Neil Armstrong statues. Checkmate, Boilers.
That was nice and all, but both our rivals ended up making the playoffs regardless, and we shit ourselves against a G5 team.
They came out and punched us in the mouth. They may not have won a CFP game, but they sure as hell would've given Clemson a hell of a game. Griffin tackles better than 99% of two handed players.
https://twitter.com/ShehanJeyarajah/status/947944630322069505
oh with my luck, I'm not expecting anything different.
at least 2010 was a good year for you.
"Oklahoma University"
Here in Canada we don’t get MLK Day, but we get Family Day in February, and Good Friday in March/April depending when Easter falls, so it’s not too bad.
Shoutout to /u/CraftyConsumer creating [an all-timer of a gif for the Michigan loss.](https://gfycat.com/WearySmoothIlladopsis)
And even that one win was aided by the fact that Fuente left to go to VT before the bowl game, and they were being coached by an interim.
lmao how the hell did we beat Bama and UGA
https://i.imgur.com/5l40PIk.png
I just want one of the teams to suffer monumental devastation/heartbreak. Either a massive blowout, an embarrassing 4th quarter collapse, a backbreaking turnover in the redzone on a game winning drive, a receiver catching a deflected pass in bounds letting the clock run out. Whatever it is, I wanna bring at least one fanbase down into the gutter with me.
Sam Labradarnold.
A&amp;M is consistent in their "roller coaster" seasons though, they start hot by beating an over-hyped Arkansas team &amp; some cupcakes, get to 5-0, get ranked in the top 10, then Alabama kills their morale and they limp to the finish ending in a loss to LSU. Auburn is the team that is damn near impossible to predict. We could range anywhere from 5-7 to 12-0 and nary an Auburn fan would bat an eye at either outcome. We're like a monkey riding a motorcycle, the outcome could be really bad or really amazing, but either way it'll be entertaining.
&gt;Does it just mean the historically good teams? Yeah, pretty much. Duke, Kansas, North Carolina, UCLA, Kentucky are the main 5 schools, when people talk about blue bloods in CBB.
&gt; In Indiana none the less. That's the real deal. Yep. [Indiana realllly loves their high school basketball.](http://i.imgur.com/gP7RfH6.jpg)
If you have RES, just click "source" underneath their comment.
&gt; and a bunch of white kids typing in ebonics unironically. https://i.imgur.com/vXhpv2n.png
[Nope. He even admitted to it.](https://twitter.com/njtank99/status/949417478039457793) He even un-retweeted too.
Eh, Spider Monkey already fills that role. Dug up a ton of past tweets and completely bodybagged Adam Best and Sam Ponder.
https://i.imgur.com/sWapL8I.png
[yeah I thought it was trill just funning around on an alt.](https://twitter.com/search?q=from%3Atrillballins%20bonergoku420&amp;src=typd&amp;lang=en)
They seemed to forgive and forget pretty easily, when Kiffin tweets were hitting the front page daily, and FAU was the meme team du jour. I'm not saying it *should* blow over come September, cause Kendal is a scummy guy, but it very well *could*.
I can't see Alabama and cotton mentioned in the same article without posting [this legendary video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PToqVW4n86U)
Boy, Nick Saban is gonna give that defense an ass-chewing of a lifetime for giving up 65 in the title game.
\#GoNateGo
"We were singin' songs and shit!" always gets me.
How does a program of NDSU’s stature have such shitty quality jerseys? Like, you have a good colour scheme, good logo, good helmets, sponsored by Nike. The potential for a great uni is there.
STUNT ON EM, JMU
https://i.imgur.com/mrvuWyf.jpg
it is now, but it wasn't when OP posted this thread.
a clunker in a sense that we pissed away a huge lead at home in typical Butler fashion, not in the sense that you guys are a bad team.
I'd have Auburn as a second flair if we had dual flairs, so yayyy. Great win. Certainly didn't expect my secondary team to be better than my primary team, yet here we are.
https://i.imgur.com/7Ewg7Zb.jpg
and he sCoRES! On the last play of the gAAAME!
His voice cracked just as bad on the famous UM-MSU fumbled punt, and that's gonna go down as one of the all-time CFB endings.
West Virginia basketball, tougher than ~~a long weekend at your in laws~~ caterpillar bulldozer to my pussy.
Grayson Allen just takes a huge bite into the middle of a Kit Kat instead of breaking them into 4 individual pieces.
&gt;Triangle bros gross
Heh, I actually knew there was an Auburn in Indiana as I got detoured off I-69 through there during a blizzard one time, didn't know there was a Butler in the same county though. That is a fun fact.
It's supposed to get above freezing tomorrow for like the first time since early December yay.
Holtmann must’ve brought some of that Hinkle Magic with him to OSU! Now we have a transitive win over #1 (and a transitive loss to rutger).
Butler and still beating number 1 despite losing our coaches. (except the Brandon Miller year, we don’t talk about that) Edit: words
We now have a transitive win over #1, in addition to our real win over #1! (although, as of yesterday we have a transitive loss to rutger soooo)
Weaponized Autism is undefeated. They found Shia’s flag, they can do anything.
I didn't even know I was nominated, [frankly, that wasn't even my best dig at a fellow Indiana school imo.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CollegeBasketball/comments/5vo7fh/post_game_thread_23_butler_defeats_2_villanova/de3kvox/) There's no way I win it though, that UC-Xavier post is an all-timer.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C5IUxn6WQAEmI66.jpg
[fellas, you come back from getting a den pop and your calc textbook give u this look, wyd?](http://s3.amazonaws.com/answer-board-image/05f7e1c5-d2b4-4aca-94cb-1de4fe2f76b8.gif)
https://twitter.com/trillballins/status/788051372541415424
Yeah this is my rationale. Bama fans aren't gonna get any more terrible than they already are. Whether it's 5 titles in 9 years, or 4 titles in 9 years it ain't gonna matter. UGA fans have a level of annoying that they haven't even tapped into. They've been waiting for 37 years, they've been blue balled many a time. If they finally get it done, they're gonna be insufferable for years to come. Edit: typo
&gt;Uga is a very good boy. not a very in good health boy
You guys were missing Biletnikoff winning WR Corey Coleman, and top RB Shock Linwood too.
/r/therewasanattempt
The real winner of today’s game is of course Atlanta’s economy.
If Kendrick really wants to get it poppin’ he’d bring Early Cuyler on stage.
Folks, I call him Tua Tagalongoa, because his decision making was about as good as a pre-teen girl.
https://i.imgur.com/x75kfj7.gifv
Being an Auburn/Saints fan can suck a lot of the time, but at least there's someone who has it worse.
As a Saints/Auburn fan, it's all I've got.
At the end of the day, one of the two teams I hate most blew a huge lead and lost in embarrassing fashion. It's all I could've asked for, out of a no-win scenario.
Surprised he didn’t hand her the ring while she wasn’t looking causing her to fumble it.
It was truly a no-win scenario for Auburn fans. I just wanted someone to lose in devastating fashion, and Georgia came through for me.
Sammie was frustrating because he had so much potential. He'd have plays where he would haul in a jump ball with one hand in triple coverage and you'd swear this dude was the next Randy Moss, then two plays later he'd drop a floater that hits him right in the hands. No consistency at all. Still love him though, he did a lot of good for the sick kids.
Butler basketball and turning a first half blowout into a somewhat respectable loss, name a more iconic duo.
go rutger go
Goddamn Sanders put that dude on skates.
https://i.imgur.com/QAyh7Wq.png
Kids these days will try anything once, and it scares me.
If it’s good enough for Jebediah Springfield’s tongue, it’s good enough for me.
"Bucky" is 2-6 in the B1G, with losses to Rutger and Nebraska.
https://i.imgur.com/SngdHQp.jpg
That was almost some extremely NC State Shit.
Auburn's coach kept switching between 3 different QBs the entire game instead of letting one guy stay in a groove. If they stuck with their best option (Sean White), they probably beat Clemson. (Although this kinda worked out for Auburn in a roundabout way. If Clemson loses that game, they finish the year with 2 losses and miss the playoffs, meaning there is no one capable of stopping Bama from winning the title that year)
["tech don't scare me but my ex wife does"](https://twitter.com/GranttheTrucker/status/951839679602708485)
Gonna be a tough road for the Bonnies to get an at-large now. Already have 3 A-10 losses.
KU is gonna win the Big 12 again, with like 15 1-point wins aren’t they.
WVU and OU will lose some inexplicable games, and KU will find a way. They always do. Allen Fieldhouse was blessed by a djinn with the ability to make opponents completely incapable of closing out a game.
Conference road games are a bear, but what Butler is doing to Villanova wouldn't happen to MSU or Duke. It's not Nova's resume is better than either of those teams, either. That Nova is No. 1 is an example of a trendy team getting votes. And once you're 1, no one looks closer.
https://twitter.com/Graham_Couch/status/947234442741010433
The only way it could have aged any worse, was if MSU actually lost to Rutger.
What if the real championship is the friends we made along the way.
“The dark web” lmao
We prob still win in OT. Cade couldn't hit the broad side of a barn.
hey, that's the meme I made. mama we made it.
https://gfycat.com/SinfulImmenseHaddock
Stunt on 'em, Corey!
Well he always recruited Arizona well (Kirk, Allen, etc), expectations should be lower, good landing spot for Sumdog Millionaire.
&gt; defiently &gt; to answer you're question flair checks out
I don't even like football anyway. Fan of the New Orleans Saints? couldn't be me.
This year was the first year they even had a lead against you guys in like 8 years, so not really historically speaking.
[No they didn't.](http://www.espn.com/college-football/game?gameId=400548338)
They say imitation is the most sincere form of flattery. Bill Self rockin’ the Huggy Bear windbreaker lol
UKRAINIAN TRAGEDIES RANKED 1) Holodomor Genocide 2) Chernobyl Meltdown 3) Mykhailiuk trying to dunk on Konate
Never seen a two hand volleyball spike/block before lol. Konate has had two of the best blocks I’ve ever seen tonight.
While going 15-1 in close games involves a little luck, it has a lot to do mental toughness in late games. KU has “been there before”, and other teams in their eagerness to upset KU and help end their streak get jumpy and nervous in crunch time (something I know all too well from watching Butler games).
Yeah after tonight’s win, I think that seals it. Obviously there’s a ways to go, but they won against arguably their best challenger to the title in the toughest road environment outside of AFH. Once there’s blood in the water, KU goes for the kill.
The year is 2148, the Kansas Spacehawks are looking to win their 144th consecutive Big XII title. Kansas is down by 47 in their final game, Kansas State, who is now coached by a seasoned 209 year old Bill Snyder who felt like switching sports in his mid life crisis, is on the verge of breaking the streak. The clock is about to strike midnight on Kansas’ streak, but a rancid batch of soylent green eaten by the K-State players at halftime has caused all their players to become incontinent, forcing them to forfeit the game. The KU fans ride their jetpacks with joy throughout Alien Fieldhouse, while Bill silently mutters “welp, maybe next year”.
BECAUSE FAROKHMANESH 3:16 SAYS I JUST SPLASHED ONE ON YOUR ASS yeah, idk. Even in the UNI game, UNI was up by double digits most of the second half before KU had a furious rally which was promptly ended by the Farokhmanesh 3 and the subsequent charge on Tyrel “don’t let my name fool you I’m actually white” Reed. Edit: words
His windbreaker from tonight will be hanging in the rafters.
If you guys can beat ‘em in Lubbock, and avoid any head-scratching losses, you’ll have a shot.
Name a rivalry with a tighter all-time series record, you (literally) can’t.
Favourite: Mizzou-Kansas. Real, legitimate hatred beyond sports. Like actual hatred based on [the war fought between them.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bleeding_Kansas) Which of course lead to [this notable shirt.](http://cdn1.sbnation.com/imported_assets/809624/mizzoushirt07.jpg) I don’t think two states share as much hatred between them as Kansas and Missouri. Least favourite: Auburn players vs. SkyBar
Things may seem bad now Auburn, but remember the last loser of the Iron Bowl ended up winning the national championship!
Zach Lofton has gone from San Jacinto College -&gt; Illinois State -&gt; Minnesota -&gt; New Mexico State. Marshall Henderson went from Utah -&gt; Texas Tech -&gt; South Plains College -&gt; Ole Miss
With the amount of mutual dick-sucking, and the amount of OSU fans rooting for UM in their bowl game, I certainly understand his thinking.
[Vin also gave up 9 runs (only 6 earned) in a third of an inning a few years ago.](https://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/SFN/SFN201605050.shtml) Poor guy is the token whipping boy to let the bullpen rest.
"When mama calls, you gotta come runnin'"
JOE BUCK: Welcome to the top of the 47th [Sun rises] [Sun keeps getting bigger] BUCK: yes [World engulfed by flames] BUCK: oh god yes
https://twitter.com/trillballins/status/788044653685858306
[Purdue](https://twitter.com/trillballins/status/788045984140058624)
\*pokes Bonnies with stick\*
And just like a “Dock” he ended up right on the water.
I found it obnoxious when they typed all their tweets in a shitty Boston accent when they played the Bruins a few months ago, but r/hockey seemed to think it was the pinnacle of comedy. Glad to see we're coming around.
A non-stressful road win against DePaul! Can't remember the last time that happened.
the real highlight is getting to listen Phil Collins and his timeless brand of 80's pop rock.
youtried.png
16-1 in their last 17 Big XII games decided by single digits. Like, how. How is the rest of the Big XII so incompetent at closing out games vs Kansas.
K-State was pathetic, I agree. The last inbound pass was kinda dumb but with 2 seconds left, and KU playing tight D their options were limited. The previous two trips involved McClure getting mauled down low with no call, and Lecomte getting off a decent floater that just rimmed out. Not ideal, but not terrible execution.
Because Baylor basketball was a pile of burning rubble after the Dennehy murder, and Scott Drew came in and completely revived the program and turned them into a consistent tournament team that has been to 2 Elite Eights, 4 Sweet Sixteens, got a #1 ranking, and consistently turns unheralded prospects into quality players. Scott Drew isn't in the same breath as K, Roy, Self, Izzo, Cal, et al, and he isn't the greatest in-game coach, but I'll be damned if anyone has ever turned a program around quite like him. The only real comparison in college athletics is what Bill Snyder did at K-State.
The real darkest timeline for you guys would've happened if the NCAA Compliance Office had any competency whatsoever.
This is worse than the time Belk was out of Vineyard Vines apparel, and they had to wear a Chaps polo like one of the poors.
Baylor was in a worse spot in basketball than you guys are currently in football. Imagine if you guys got a coach that could get KU football to be a consistent 9-10 win team. Now imagine OSU and Bama fans poking fun at you guys for Coach X not being able to consistently beat OU, and not being able to get to the playoffs, saying that KU fans deserve better. Meanwhile you guys would be over the moon, because a 10 win season at KU is amazing! Who cares about the playoffs, we weren't expecting to be a title contender. Why would we complain about the guy who got us out of our funk! That's how Baylor fans feel about Drew. KU fans like to laugh because he's never won in Lawrence and has never made a Final Four, but Baylor fans don't care because he's the guy who put Baylor basketball on the map.
[Well...](https://www.mercurynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/screen-shot-2017-05-08-at-12-33-32-pm.png?w=465) Although, I generally dislike Draymond Green from his antics with the Warriors, so I don't really feel bad for him personally tbh.
I always respected CJ Mosley for [this tweet calling out Bama fans](https://twitter.com/TreyDeuce32RTR/status/407016214825676802) in the wake of the Kick Six. Honestly, I don't mind a lot of Bama's players. They mostly seem like good dudes. The only notable player that I remember hating was AJ McCarron.
telling not spelling.
who did this fam 😂😂🚨🚨👌👌
god bless thujone.
New Year's Day vs WVU is the loudest I've ever heard an arena.
[those bronze helmets.](https://static.superdeluxe.com/dankland/generators/nut-button.jpg)
What was it like meeting @trillballins?
Exactly. Vikings fans are the sorest losers ever. No fanbase hangs on to a loss more than the Vikings do with ‘09. The amount of people butthurt on twitter over the Eagles mocking their Skol chant was ridiculous too. Lighten up a little.
Being an Auburn/Saints fan is generally bad for my blood pressure, but I always have the hilarity of Georgia sports futility to fall back on.
Didn’t even spell the word “losses” correctly.
Had a hell of a leg too. Nailed a 57 yarder to beat CU. And to this date the most impressive kick I’ve ever seen: he hit a 53 yarder in the Big XII CG that went OVER the top of the netting. Shame he couldn’t put it together in the NFL.
no, but uncharacteristic is
Little Game Lincoln proved himself to be a mess against poor inferior ISU. Very sad!
Well I guess DEETZ NUTS will be shrinking a bit, eh.
Youngbloods gotta hit their free throws.
https://i.imgur.com/hgOVmTr.jpg
1 great Bobby Boucher imitation in the post game interview.
Mama Young: You gonna lose all your fancy "fools' balls" games! And you're gonna fail your big test vs. KU! Because KU is... Trae Young: The devil? (Mama gasps) Trae Young: Everything is the devil to you, Mama! Well, I like school, and I like basketball! And I'm gonna keep doin' them both because they make me feel good! And by the way, Mama. "Jayhawks" are ornery 'cause of their "Medula Oblongata"! And I like Vicki, and she like me back! And she showed me her boobies and I like them too!
you and I both know that you guys are still gonna win the conference. You guys will find a way somehow.
fellas, you’re chillin’ in your dorm room and he bust in and give u [this look.](https://i.imgur.com/WW9tNNk.jpg) wyd
I mean it's blown up quite a bit in the last few weeks, but to answer your question it's because gymnastics isn't a revenue sport, and isn't nearly as popular as football and basketball.
Football guy.
https://i.imgur.com/yuUupAL.gif
Nobody beats Purdue on the Moon either (rumor has it Neil Armstrong went there, need Purdue student to verify) Now that they’ve conquered the Moon and the USA, it’s time for their final battle: conquering basic social skills.
Taking fake classes doesn’t really hurt anybody other than the university’s academic reputation. Sexual assault and rape changes lives forever. I would be infinitely more embarrassed if my university swept sexual crimes under the rug than offering fake classes. Besides, everyone and their dog knew the NCAA didn’t have the balls to seriously punish a program of UNC’s stature.
https://i.imgur.com/4JYYgxx.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/FKt6cmX.png
They barely snatched victory away from the oncoming NC State Shit, with that recovery after the UNC steal on the last possession.
He was playing in Iraq for a while there.
This will forever be my favourite gif, even despite my Auburn fandom. The black security guard with the shit-eating grin gets me every time.
https://i.imgur.com/rTfUQqY.png
Trae Young has the hair of a 60 year old Indian man, and the voice of Bobby Boucher. At least he's good at basketball though.
she caught a glimpse of Tony Bennett out of the corner of her eye.
Good win. I’m still mad that St. John’s beat us while I was in attendance last year. Idk what the hell happened to St. John’s over the last year, they were decent and had a bunch of promising young guys. Now they’re as bad as they were a few years ago.
https://i.imgur.com/hLMx1rt.jpg
Ohhh fuck yeah bud.
It's just not the same without Shea ;_;
this is a thujone-esque MS Paint masterpiece.
Hmm
[picking your nose is a time-honored tradition in this state.](http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/85243/butler_medium.jpg)
A little ironic that you spelled a word in the title wrong in a thread bashing UNC, but nevertheless a good post.
It would be a match made in heaven. [Tom](http://i.imgur.com/YQInBaw.png) and [Jonathan](https://ih1.redbubble.net/image.402398202.4882/raf,360x360,075,t,fafafa:ca443f4786.jpg) were made for one another.
Even though the all-time record doesn't show it, we've always played Villanova tough, usually resulting in a painfully close loss, but has recently resulted in 3 straight wins. We always seem to struggle with Providence &amp; Creighton no matter what their record is.
I like Mississippi State too. Cowbells are ubiquitous at hockey games up here so they don't really bother me, and Davis Wade is a really aesthetically beautiful stadium. I cheer for them in every game except against Auburn. [Plus they have the only healthy bulldog mascot in the SEC.](https://ssl.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I0000iXstQnhy5gs/s/800/800/BullyXXI-Jak-Brick-Sidewalk-20150501-B4W1887.jpg)
Humor is a spectrum.
hearing reports that neil armstrong went to purdue, that's wild.
https://twitter.com/vt_ben/status/957724741133094912
[Congrats, Purdue!](https://i.imgur.com/z7tV4ZE.png)
https://i.imgur.com/dKmoGBU.jpg
Indiana State is a good team, I've always said this. Yep, mhmm. Big powerhouse brewing there in Terre Haute.
unlike the kick in the pinstripe bowl
https://i.imgur.com/zblfyvB.png
*when jeff brohm rhetorically asks whether he has a pulse, and confirms that he indeed does*
https://gfycat.com/BrightAnnualGnu
https://i.imgur.com/0cQQdS3.jpg
[c'mon UConn fans, you know you want him.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DS4Qdg8VMAEfjMv.jpg)
https://i.imgur.com/Zm6srbF.jpg
I was at the game where Kawasaki hit his only career HR. Crowd went wild.
Proud of u, champ
The opposite of KU who has won 16 of 18 decided by single digits. Edit: typo
KU fans coming into a Baylor thread and bashing Scott Drew, an r/collegebasketball tradition unlike any other.
I feel you on that. It’s like that here in Toronto. I’d rather it just stay at -10 all week than the melt/freeze cycle, where the roads are all wet and slushy.
Yeah, as much as I hate Gary Danielson’s terrible commentary and the commercial-filled 4.5 hour games, that jingle is like a party in my ears and everyone’s invited.
Worked a 17.5 hour day outside to finish a project for a client before the end of the week. Never have I needed a beer more than right now.
Ah you forgot the NCAA bylaw that exempts you from punishment once you win a certain amount of basketball titles. Classic mistake.
Five games in and my men’s league team has thrown two no-hitters (which happen to be our only two wins), have been run-ruled twice, and one dude has 11 HBPs. Weirdest team I’ve been a part of.
I’ve always thought he was an asshole too, but I’ll always love him for [his tweet](https://twitter.com/jarrieta34/status/796372720015523840?s=21) after Trump got elected. The ensuing meltdown from Julie DiCaro and all the bleeding hearts of Cubs twitter was tremendous content.
Quite a visual you’re painting here.
&gt;Management is too afraid to say anything or reprimand them because of a discrimination suit Same thing happened at my job. Had this Korean guy who barely spoke English. Was a legitimately terrible worker, damaged equipment, worked unsafely, was an asshole to co-workers. Everyone in the office hated him and wanted him fired, but all we got back from management was “we’ll look into it”. Never got fired or reprimanded, while white guys who were better than he was got fired. He ended up quitting, but that whole saga pissed me off.
Not a fan of fast food joints (with no servers) that put the tip option on the debit machine. I ain’t gonna tip if there’s no server, but the fact that it’s an option makes me feel guilty about not tipping.
If we actually punished people that do that, my engineering program’s enrollment would’ve been cut in half. Some of the brightest young minds in the country, yet they can’t figure out how to aim their dick or flush their shit.
It’s not super common, but I’ve seen it at quite a few places recently. Trying to guilt suckers into more money I guess.
Nothing like a cold tall boy after a 60 hour work week.
Especially compared to last night, where you saw Ovi finally break through and win it, and he was showing pure unbridled joy. The Warriors were celebrating like they just won a charity softball game.
Would it not just be his SO’s uncle? Like how your father-in-law is your SO’s father.
I think I remember hearing that the sightlines were really bad, as the seating layout wasn’t really designed for hockey.
Justify is gonna be made into that top-of-the-line fancy craft glue that’s like $20 a bottle. What a horse.
saw a woman wearing a shirt that said “straight outta cardio” and my brain is in a pretzel. cardio isn’t a tangible thing or place to be “outta”. it’s like saying “straight outta string theory”.
I guess it could interpreted as "straight outta cardio class". I'll admit I'm looking way too far into this.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Deu8J2PWsAAbJ57.jpg
I mean there are Caps fans from like a few months ago who never imagined this would happen lol. Go read the PGT after they went down 0-2 to Columbus.
Christ, men's league was a disaster tonight. Gave up the go-ahead run on the mound with a wild pitch, and stranded the bases loaded at the plate in the last inning down by one. Not what you want!
Rear-ended a guy on my way into work, front-end is all banged up. Car is fixable and I’m not hurt, but my insurance is gonna shoot through the roof. And because today wasn’t bad enough, I just clogged the toilet at work. Only Mondays, I swear.
"im not owned! im not owned!!", Sara continues to insist as she slowly shrinks and transforms into a corncob
Clearly the guys painting the lines on the road last night didn’t look at the forecast. Pouring rain this morning, and there’s a river of white paint running down the road lol.
So my old man had testicular cancer back in February, and had to have one of his balls removed. He’s been doing fine, but when they did a follow-up they found a swollen lymphnode in his chest, so they were a bit worried it may have spread. They did some further testing and determined that it was nothing serious, and the cancer hasn’t spread, so my pops is officially cancer free. Not much better news you can hear than that.
Part of that was because of his cancer diagnosis too. Pinkel is one of the more underrated coaches in CFB history, I wasn’t surprised to see the dropoff when Odom first started.
Idk, I ran into a lot of people in engineering school who were kinda like that too. Really great at math, programming, real technical skills, but lacked social awareness or a basic sense of humor, and struggled to grasp even the most obvious sarcasm. Also, I think his dad was a wealthy lawyer too, so that helped him get in the door.
r/nba is borderline unreadable on days like today with major breaking news, with all the autists making the same lame “OMG F5 SEASON!!” jokes. That being said, I really am enjoying going back and reading all those Spurs fans’ posts being so confident Kawhi was staying.
Oh shit, he actually played at Cooperstown Dreams Park? My brother's team played there, and got slaughtered by 20 runs like every game lol.
Baltimore used up a whole year's worth of winning on UMBC beating UVA, and for that we are forever grateful.
Gonna be mid 90s tomorrow, with the heat index over 100, and I gotta put in a 12 hour day outside tomorrow. Canada shouldn't get this hot dammit.
I know nobody likes men’s league hardos that treat every game like it’s Game 7 of the World Series, but I’m really at my breaking point here. It’s so frustrating trying to pitch when your infielders commit 10 errors in 7 innings. A small part of me wants to go [full blown Augie Garrido](https://youtu.be/BY0_jeOUB6Q), but again no one likes a beer league hardo, so I’ll just ride it out and hope they improve I suppose.
Humid as a motherfucker all morning, got drenched by a thunderstorm in the afternoon. Just one of those days.
He went to Illinois State IIRC.
Didn’t even get a bye week before the Super Bowl! And now he’s dead!
All the suburban white kids on r/hhh were saying the same shit. “Oh man this is so sad, he was so misunderstood!! If we gave him a second chance, he would’ve become a stand-up person!!!”
Punching doors both giveth and taketh away from Bay Area sports teams.
Yeah, auto dryers suck for when you have to dry off your whole arm/face.
Insurance guy appraised my damaged car, and they want to write it off. It makes financial sense, but it’s gonna be a bitch to go car shopping again.
Just damaged. Front bumper and grill are smashed, and the hood is a bit bent, but otherwise the car is fine. It’s an older cheaper car, and I’ve put a lot of miles on it, so they figure it’s not worth it to fix it. I’d like to keep it if possible, so I guess I’ll give it a go.
Big fan of those restaurants that have Coke freestyle machines. Nothing beats getting a Peach Sprite or an Orange Coke to liven things up a little.
A transport truck carrying yogurt rolled over on the highway I usually commute to work on. Tubs of yogurt are apparently scattered all across the highway. Never been happier to be working out of town.
Went up to visit my buddy to do a 9.1k race that his fire department was putting on. Body felt like shit after the first 4k, but found a second wind, and finished with a respectable time. Also get to eat like shit, guilt-free the rest of the day, so that’s nice.
Gatorade coolers across the MLB are counting down the days.
That's the weed number.
We're more about kicking big ol' doinks, instead of smoking them tbh.
Those UGA shirts look like they were designed by dasharez0ne.
&gt;The clothes they wear. Wow. Yeah, there's a high school near our office, so sometimes when I go out for a bite I'll see a swarm of high school girls wearing tube tops and skimpy ass booty shorts. 10 years ago, girls at my (public) high school couldn't even wear tanktops lol.
Yegorsi.
I'm not even an A&amp;M fan, and I find all the guys from Good Bull Hunting hilarious. Cuppy is one of the funniest CFB follows on twitter.
They got the bullpen, they got arms that are dead. To lose to those beautiful boys in red.
I tell ya, nothing chaps my ass more than people who don’t pull over for fire trucks/ambulances. It’s startling how many ding dong brains in this town end up blocking the open lane because they’re too busy texting or staring to space.
YouTubers are some of the worst people on the planet, and that video did nothing to change my mind. What a cunt.
HitTracker is defunct now, but I remember they ended up calculating that Pujols HR to be 470 feet. So yeah, very Pujolsian indeed.
I mean, TCU beat a 2-10 Iowa State team, while Baylor beat a #9 K-State team. Context matters.
Either Hayward sinking the buzzer beater against Duke, or OKC beating GS in Game 6 of the 2016 WCF. The former would be arguably the greatest sports moment of all-time, the latter probably keeps KD in OKC, and prevents the Warriors from dominating as badly as they are.
Ended up getting a steal of a deal on a ‘09 Ford Escape. Decent amount of mileage on it (192000 km) but otherwise it looks like it’s brand new, and lots of headroom (big priority as a 6’5 guy). With insurance giving me 7200 for writing off my old car, paying just over 5000 for the new car, and my insurance having accident forgiveness, this accident appears to have been a huge blessing in disguise. Great start to the long weekend.
What is happening in Oakland, Ray Fosse?!
I mean they've had Tyreek Hill on the team for 3 years now. Unless the NFL suspends him, I don't the Chiefs will do anything internally unfortunately.
hell yea dude
[gritty continuing to produce great content.](https://twitter.com/Dave_White/status/1068657174522589185) probably the best basketball rutger fans have seen in decades.
“audios” lmao
Everytime they do the Dr Pepper toss, I think of that King of the Hill episode where Hank tackles Don Meredith for missing the throw into the giant beer can.
I can’t give you a bam boys, but I’ll give you a GREEN EGGS AND HAAAAAMM
I’m still not over him not doing March Madness anymore. Watching him go apeshit as a 13 seed hits a buzzer beater, was a staple of my childhood.
Alabama 2017: Lose the Iron Bowl, watch the SEC Title Game from home, make CFP, win championship. Auburn 2018: Lose the Iron Bowl, watch the SEC Title Game from home, make CFP??, win championship?? it’s a bold strategy, but really who can say
Gary talking bad about a Bama player. I never thought I'd see the day.
It's been in Atlanta forever, and it's a major hub for pretty much all SEC fanbases. There's no shortage of Bama fans there.
Gary Danielson trashing Tua after slobbing Bama's knob all year is the upset of the day.
the announcer said "these two girls won their semifinal matchups" which implies they have a tournament to get these people here? I thought they just took two random HS students.
[Classic UGA](https://i.imgur.com/uIyGUT6.png)
Since we lost the Iron Bowl last week, isn't South Carolina the only SEC team with a current win streak against Bama? They haven't played since that game IIRC.
Tom Herman has definitely yelled at his wife at an Applebee's.
Thorson was injured/not 100% for those games too wasn’t he?
I’m still laughing at the fact that the announcers called Northwestern of all schools a “blue collar” team.
Going into this year I was indifferent to Fresno St. But after seeing their crowd take over the Rose Bowl against UCLA this year, I saw what a great raucous fanbase they had. Not to mention they dominated the game and McMaryion showed himself to be one of the great QBs in the country. Definitely been a treat following this Fresno State team all year. I have no doubt their fanbase will travel in droves to the Coliseum for the USC game next year.
Exactly. For as glad as they were to break the curse, deep down I think Cubs fans are still a little sad that the 2016 WS means they can no longer play the "lovable loser" schtick. The Cubs elimination thread on r/baseball was full of Cubs fans saying "why does no one like the Cubbies :( we're so lovable!!" Blackhawks fans were horrendous when they were a perennial contender too. I'm indifferent to Bears/Bulls/White Sox fans.
I can't get the scaries if the thread doesn't show up, it's science. Seriously though, my scaries are virtually non-existent as my scheduler finally decided to pair me with a competent crew partner. I've been paired with the same two lazy bums the last 3 months, and I was really losing my marbles.
Even as an Auburn fan I wish they’d switch to 9 too, and I think most SEC fan would agree. Playing non-UGA East teams only once every 6 years stinks. Alabama hasn’t played South Carolina (a team in their own conference) since 2010, but ironically they’ve played their rival, Clemson, each of the past 3 years (and could easily play again this year).
I loved the guys with the trillballins-style avis with all the bandwagon teams who would just rile everybody up.
Man, once AP flips that switch there's truly no stopping him.
I'm mowin' the air, Rand!
[Mike Leach, go off king](https://twitter.com/nucfootball/status/1069580545946832897?s=21)
I remember a few weeks back when one guy told the story of how he shit on the pavement in his work parking lot because he was desperate. The top reply was “you are a barnyard animal”. Such a great insult.
&gt;Cfb is not a land of 2nd chances Lol, if only that were the case in 2011.
“I'm gonna give you to the count of three to get your lousy, lyin', low-down, four flushing carcass OUT my door! 1... 2..” \- the roommate probably
[gotta love Rovell getting stuffed in a locker by the Titans account.](https://twitter.com/Titans/status/1070894593535819778)
&gt; We are all sitting here bullying an autist. that didn't stop us from bullying dawgie or nate
before he got hired he tweeted a lot about infowars, trump, and other right wing stuff like that. deadspin or whoever could easily dig into his old tweets and claim that "barstool supports trump/alex jones/etc", but they probably just feel bad for him.
his past tweets complaining about "liberals always wanting handouts" are very ironic now lol
[University of Alaska hockey has the best intro and it's not close.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9cYcRotufU) Although they use Eye in the Sky too, funnily enough
Went out to grab dinner for the family, and the debit machine was broken so they just said "it's on the house, don't worry about it". $48 meal for four, totally free of charge. What a start to the weekend. Edit: I was in the drive thru, so I didn't stiff the server of their tip.
Love that FOX is bringing back Roundball Rock for college hoops. That song never fails to get me hyped up.
Idk if he did, but I know that the McCourty twins do, which is kinda weird for two grown ass men.
what if the real heisman trophy was inside of us all along
My mom always makes these things called [Clodhoppers.](http://www.celebrationgeneration.com/blog/2011/12/12/clodhoppers-recipe-cheap-quick-easy-addictive-candy/comment-page-1/?cn-reloaded=1) Basically you melt down some white chocolate, pour it overtop of a mixture of Golden Grahams and peanuts, freeze, then break it into chunks. Always a hit around family gatherings.
holy shit Miami lmao
There was no way Gronk was gonna prevent a 69 yard TD from happening
First he drops under 4 bills, then all of a sudden ND makes the playoffs, Seton Hall upsets Kentucky, and now this. Stay hot Tank.
I remember doing a double take when I saw some old standard def footage of Sproles at K-State in some of those Bill Snyder tributes being shared. 35 years old and still getting it done.
[no one knows tripping over their own feet like Boswell.](https://youtu.be/BIyN9jWC1Y0)
Lord forgive him
It’s an exaggeration, but they threw a lot slower and there were less breaking balls that were invented at the time. Walter Johnson and Bob Feller were throwing mid 90s, but most fastballs were probably in the 80s. Also bullpens and Tommy John weren’t a thing, so guys’ ligaments were probably hanging on for dear life.
I’m pretty tame when I’m drunk. Worst I’ve ever done was when I did a full on dive onto the pavement in a hotel parking lot, while trying to catch a frisbee. Ended up skinning my knees, and cracking my phone screen, but it could’ve been worse.
I worked late last night and was starving so I just threw a bunch of taquitos in the toaster oven for something easy. Well one thing lead to another, and before I knew it I ate 17 taquitos. I feel like Ricky talking about eating 9 cans of ravioli.
He didn’t look mentally ill or homeless. Just looked like a normally dressed dude.
This isn’t even one of those clever hidden logos, it straight up spells “Sox” and nothing else lol.
"He who looks into the abyss realizes that there is nothing looking back at him. The only thing he sees is his own character, Ricky, do you understand? Bud? The abyss? The shit abyss?"
Bob Phinisee has ruined my night, and I am mad online. Being a Butler fan is such a cocktease
Normally I'd agree, but Romine went to the same high school as the two best defenders (and overall players) in the league lol.
[Georgia Southern's coach kicks ass.](https://streamable.com/4u55g) I'd run through a wall for a dude like that.
Wasn’t there a Jon Bois special about Dan Quinn making a similarly stupid decision to kick a FG while down 4, and near the goal line? How the hell do you not go for it there.
@StevenRay30, although he doesn’t post as much.
Touchdown Tom status: counted out.
That's still my favourite AMA answer ever. Mark is the man.
I'll take the opposing stance here, and say that finals/midterms were way more stressful for me than anything I've encountered in my ~4 years in the working world. Obviously it varies depending on your job, and what you're studying, but no matter how stressed or how many hours I put in at work, at least I know I'm getting paid and can leave my work at the office.
I wouldn't mow lawns, but I'd have to do something to keep busy. My grandpa was a millionaire and could've easily fucked off to Florida or bought something extravagant, but he just lived in his bungalow and helped out at the local woodworking shop and played cards at the legion hall. I think he was genuinely sad his job forced him to retire at 65.
Is it really a California sporting event if they don’t play California Love heading into commercial? Not that I’m complaining
Getting banned for making even the most mild jokes/pointing out facts about the Baylor/Penn St/Ohio St scandals; a college sports sub tradition unlike any other. I got the hammer dropped on me in the cbb sub for a very tame Penn St joke. Way she goes.
If I had stayed up that late on a work night to watch the Saints blow it by fumbling the ball out of the endzone.. Still somewhat regret it, ugly game and we’ve looked like doody the last 3 weeks.
CEO of the entire company strolled in dressed to the nines, fancy ass briefcase, all while slugging a supersize soda from McDonalds at 7:30am. Definitely a funny visual.
I wouldn’t say I eat quite as much as you, but I do have a tendency to snack a lot in between meals. Bowl of chips here, granola bars there, I always feel like I gotta be eating something. Yet, like you I’m average weight and run a lot. I’m somewhat worried that one day my metabolism will slow down, and my eating will gradually catch up with me and I’ll slowly start looking like Frank the Tank. I’ll usually try to limit my portions, but if there’s a bbq/pot luck with lots of leftovers I’ll let myself go nuts. I think I put down 4 burgers and 4 hotdogs at a pool party one time. I also ate a 90 pack of mini Halloween chocolate bars over the course of 2 days.
Buffalo basketball is a wagon. Always funny when Boeheim refuses to play on the road against local mid majors, and then they go into the Dome and beat him anyway. Bonnies did it last year too.
Today is our christmas party, so we’re dressed in casual clothes instead of our normal hi-vis &amp; steel-toes. Straight male co-worker came up to me and told me I looked “very handsome”. He has a very liberal definition of handsome, but I appreciated the confidence boost nonetheless. Let’s have a day kings.
Brown and gold is just a great color scheme. Padres should’ve never gotten rid of theirs, although they’re slowly phasing them back in.
To recap my company's Christmas potluck yesterday; I got a raise, several christmas gifts (chocolates, booze) from my various bosses that appreciated my hard work on this huge project we took on, two straight male co-workers called me "handsome", and we found out we'll be having a "real" belated Christmas party in February with an open bar. This is all especially shocking, because upper management is notoriously cheap, and we rarely get raises/company events/gifts. I'm sure water will find its level and I'll get hit by a bus or something, but for now things are as good as ever.
"All my employees had to quit because I gave them STIs, now I gotta do everything at this fucking Pizza Hut"
I wasn't talking to you, Deeds. I was talking to that squirrel over there.
&gt;“My eyes, the goggles do nothing!” &gt;\- Rainier Wolfcastle \- me watching this Baylor-Oregon game
https://gfycat.com/MintyImmediateCusimanse
I saw a Rodney McGruder K-State basketball jersey here in Toronto one time. McGruder isn't Canadian, and wasn't a particularly notable player. Still trying to wrap my head around that one.
The Army destroying people from places rich in oil. An American tradition unlike any other.
Army demolishing areas with a rich petroleum industry; a tale as old as time itself.
Both teams’ offenses suck my whole ass. But between Ferguson chasing the sack record, hoping for a brawl to break out, and both teams having beautiful helmets featuring state outlines, we got a hell of a game on our hands here.
IF YOU CHEER FOR YOUR RIVALS IN THEIR BOWL GAMES BECAUSE OF SOME DELUDED IDEA OF "CONFERENCE PRIDE", YOU DESERVE TO BE THROWN IN A LAKE WITH CINDERBLOCKS STRAPPED TO YOUR FEET. IF YOU GO INTO OPPOSING TEAM'S SUBREDDITS/PGTS AND SAY SOMETHING LIKE "GG (TEAM)BROS!! YOU GUYS LOOK SCARY FOR NEXT YEAR!! I'D SURE LOVE TO VISIT YOUR STADIUM SOMEDAY WITH MY WIFE AND HER BOYFRIEND!!", THEN YOU ARE A HUGE LOSER, AND A WASTE OF SKIN.
“Steve, I told you I needed these Oregon State branded golf gloves shipped to all DFW locations by Tuesday, FUCK”
they'd be 92, not 98. I'm 25, and my grandparents would be 90/92 if they were still alive. A gap of 72 years between grandparent/grandchild isn't crazy. People still have kids in their mid-late 30s.
Girl I work with casually mentioned that she's "totaled every vehicle she's ever owned, including snowmobiles/ATVs/jetskis etc". She offered to drive back from the jobsite, and I don't think I've ever said no faster.
If the Grinch story came out today, PETA would be all over him for abusing his dog, and he’d probably be put on a list for peeping on kids while they’re sleeping. The Whos of Whoville were a very lenient and forgiving people in hindsight.
It’ll be funny if the Raiders fans torch the stadium, steal seats etc, and then the A’s have to play inside a pile of rubble next spring.
Fuck that know-it-all kid.
Sorry to interrupt, but I just had one of those brain-learning things pop into my head that wasn’t there a second ago and it’s about time to thinkin’ me around that basically “What is Christmas?” You know? I just got out of jail… which was awesome, you know. In jail we don’t have presents or lights or trees. We just get stoned and drunk and it’s the best time. Like.. that’s Christmas. None of this presents and lights and stress and shit… just getting drunk and stoned with your friends, family, people that you love.
The real Christmas gift is not having a hangover/gut rot, after last night.
&gt;Vikings, Mets, Islanders No offense, ~~Apu~~ AndyFems but when they were handing out ~~religions~~ sports teams, you must've been out taking a whiz.
I got a bunch of dri-fit longsleeves and thermal socks. Very practical.
proud of u guys.
My mom put a pack of Big League Chew in my stocking. What a throwback that was, haven’t had it since I was like 12.
Marlins Man finally gets a bowl sponsored, and it gets cancelled due to weather. Tough scene.
Gus always loses bowl games anyways, might as well give a dying kid one last win.
Big Cat changing his twitter username to B1G Cat after a big Wisconsin victory, a tradition unlike any other.
Oh yeah, that’s right. Wisconsin has won their last 5 bowl games, and usually makes a deep run in March Madness, so I assumed he only changed the username when the Badgers did well. My bad
Frank’s a big right wing/Infowars guy too, and there are a lot of conspiracy theories about the Denver airport. Gonna be a good rant incoming.
My favourite Academy Sports memory is when I needed a pair of shoes that were on the top shelf. They didn’t have a ladder or anything, so they just called over this little 14 year old kid and he scaled the ~20 ft shelf like a monkey and got me my shoes before hopping down. Not the safest thing I’ve ever seen in a workplace, but it was a sight to behold.
Haven’t watched many Baylor games this year, and was very impressed with Charlie Brewer. A true dual threat, and only a sophomore too. The offense was humming just like the old days.
They have those at Subways in Canada. A lot less selection than the Coke ones though.
Fresh biscuits and gravy at the hotel breakfast, starting today off on the right foot.
A while back my insides were ready to burst in the middle of a jog. Had to waddle back home the last mile, but I saved my shorts and the counter. Thank me for my service.
Lmao, NBC did a profile on this Michigan superfan before the ND game this year. You could kinda tell throughout the interview that he was a loser, but then he dropped this bomb “I’ve gone through several wives/girlfriends but none of them seemed to understand that football is more important to me than them. I like being single anyways, more time for football”
[And now we go live for the opening press conference!](https://i.imgur.com/XiKyerV.jpg)
Lol, McAfee just said “there’s a large cat and a commenter on the internet who are going nuts over this Zenner guy, real blue collar runner”
Wow, tough scene. Gotta think that’s gonna hurt recruiting.
I wish CFB was as big in Canada as it is in the US. My alma mater sucks my whole ass, and the stands are empty every week. Still a huge fan of American CFB, but it’d be even better with a direct tie to who I cheer for.
I’m a big map guy too. I can look at google maps or actual real atlases for hours. I also browse reddit and 4chan a lot
The parking lot at the grocery store was packed so I had to park near the back of the lot. Took me a bit of time to find my car on my way out, and as soon as I did an old guy pushing carts chirps me with “I was wondering when you were gonna find it”.
Seeing how dirt cheap the houses go for on Fixer Upper almost makes me want to ditch the big city and move to Waco. Almost.
I remember I was playing in a sudden death playoff game. We were up by 1 in the bottom of the last inning, bases loaded two outs. Guy hit a shallow blooper that I had to run in a long ways for. If I dropped it, we lose, if I caught it we win. Ended up snowconing it and barely catching it to seal the W, but that was a terrifying few seconds tracking the ball down.
Raise hell, praise Dale.
heyooo
No worse feeling than when you feel a rumble down below while in the middle of a jog. Thankfully I was able to waddle to a gas station bathroom, and preserve the counter for another day.
There’s no shame in it Greg, he’s a lot bigger, older, and hotter than you.
Best sports intro song period. Watching 60,000 Virginia Tech fans go apeshit when they run on the field is always a great scene.
People forget that he once dated a girl who was also named Madison Bumgarner.
Raptors local feed did some intro thing where they did some hypothetical footage of the Raptors holding the trophy with the announcer saying “the Toronto Raptors are the NBA Champions!” Feel like we shouldn’t be counting our chickens here
proud of u, king
Lmao the Canadian feed is just letting it rip with no censors. “Fuckin rights boys!”
Can’t wait for the Ringer to publish a “Top 10 Epic Petty Fam Moments from the 2019 Finals” THIS LEAGUE
I hate a lot of NBA twitter, with their “THIS LEAGUE” and “PETTYFAMSZN☠️☠️“, but my favorite bit is the tongue-in-cheek comparisons for a superstar who chokes/has a bad game. Saw Steph called “lightskin Boobie Gibson”, “Wesley Person with a shoe deal”, “content farm Jimmer Fredette” among other things, and I was howling.
Seeing one of my teams finally win a title is great and all, but it feels hollow without seeing that Raptors logo in Trilly B’s avi, followed by his “what a year” tweet.
Softball chicks always have nice wagons.
Need Pete Alonso to reply telling him to "Clean it up" and stop being a fat fuck.
The Raptors win the championship, and tonight we get graced by the presence of Nick Mullen's deranged autism, Stav Halkias' powerful haunches, and Adam Friedland's unwavering coolness. Banner weekend for the city.
Nah they're in town for a live show tonight.
Man, you think people like Shai are criminally horny, but there is a whole nother world of deranged sex fiends roaming the dark web. I don’t want a part of it, but I’m glad these places exist because they make me feel normal in comparison.
Should I wear my shirt up? Or down? Or up? Or pothibly,, tucked in?
My scheduler initially had me working on this boring project in-town for tomorrow. Fine, whatever. Then, around noon I get an email saying there’s a change of plans, and I’m gonna working on this more relaxed-pace out of town job. Sweet, a change of pace, and something different for a change. But, as is usually the case with my luck, it was too good to be true, and they’re sending another crew out of town after all, while I’m stuck on the same shitty project. I feel like Wile E. Coyote chasing after the roadrunner here.
We stan a king who (literally) doesn’t cut corners.
Here’s hoping you avoid a night of the shit abyss.
@lerbonjanes u like what u see???
And then he lived out a peak childhood nightmare in the playoffs that year.
Toledo was a way worse team than that App State team was, but 2008 Michigan was also a lot worse than 2007 Michigan.
Justin Morneau won AL MVP while having the 3rd highest WAR on his own team that year (Mauer, Santana). Mid 2000s voters loved pitcher wins and RBIs. Felix winning the Cy Young with a losing record over a 21 win Sabathia, was a big turning point.
Interleague is on a 3 year rotation for each division. For some reason the Angels and Cards played in Anaheim the last two rotations, which is why it's taken forever.
Was out for a run, and saw one of those plastic "Caution: Small Children Playing" signs smashed into a million pieces. Whoops
Me likey gay sex
As long as you keep the booze flowing, and the tunes cranked, I’m sure it’ll be fine.
Goddamn the Cards won’t die.
PETTY FAM ☠️☠️🤣🤣
If her and Maria Taylor ever wanted to make an Oreo sandwich with me in the middle, I certainly wouldn’t say no.
My mom has the same first name as my dad’s mom. And since my mom took my dad’s last name, my dad was in the unique position of having his wife and his mom having the same name.
Cookie Monster singing Take Me Out to the Ballgame at Wrigley was electric.
Getting drunk and eating pepperoni like God intended.
Just finished hosing my dog down after she rolled around in poop and got it all in her fur. Sad!
[Woj] Sources are saying /u/Way_She_Goes has had 5-7 beers; waiting on confirmation.
Looking into it.
[The Mets are entering the Tyson Zone, where I’ll believe pretty much any headline about them.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/sports.yahoo.com/amphtml/mets-apologize-for-two-living-players-in-memoriam-1969-034910931.html)
\*whispers and points at screen\* that's Chappy
Utah is playing like a team whose best win was 7-5 Washington, lost to a mediocre USC team, and got rinsed by the only contender they played.
MANHATTAN-Asked restaurant host: "God, did you hear about the 2010s?" Host: "No." Me: "Done. Decade's over." Thought he would cry.
The Michigan-Bama game thread might set a record for the highest average chromosome count
Everyone involved with the production of this broadcast should be shot into the sun.
Bama opponents continuing to taunt them by making long field goals is a very good bit.
Lmao at all the neutrals in here and on twitter who are surprised that Auburn isn’t running away with it. True Auburn fans know that Auburn football is decided by a random number generator that completely ignores any logic, momentum, and strength of opponent.
are we losing because 2020 is an even year 🤔🤔
People who thought Auburn would blow Minnesota out have never watched Auburn football play ever. Last year against Purdue was a major aberration.
I said it in the game thread, but Auburn football is decided by a random number generator. You never know which team you'll get.
Polar Wade more like.
Probably bumming rides to work because they took away his license after his 3rd DUI
well this is nothing if not extremely on brand for Indiana football
what if the real #9Windiana was the posts we made along the way
3 defenders picked in the first round, returned something crazy like 19 starters from the very good 2017 team that rinsed LSU and took Bama to the wire. Still lost 5 games and Nick Fitzgerald regressed a lot.
[Lol](https://twitter.com/jennarayewright/status/1212615711446704128)
Pats haven’t won a playoff game since Epstein was killed. Really makes you wonder 🤔🤔
[Salma Hayek really letting the girls breathe tonight](https://twitter.com/variety/status/1213988678403407873?s=21)
[lmao](https://twitter.com/sixersadam/status/1213963679932321796?s=21)
All Quiet on the Western Gunt
[great tweet with some even better replies.](https://twitter.com/realdaveimboden/status/1214285056321183747?s=21)
Squares like this guy need to heed the words of the great [Jake Arrieta:](https://twitter.com/JArrieta34/status/796372720015523840?s=20) &gt;Time for Hollywood to pony up and head for the border #illhelpyoupack #beatit
neeeerrrrddd
https://twitter.com/nickmullen/status/1158745290129793024?s=21
The local rock station was playing Rush deep cuts to honor Neil, and they played Xanadu which is one of my favorites. Favorite from the &lt;10 minute category is probably Subdivisions.
[this may be the most autistic AITA post I’ve ever seen.](https://twitter.com/bathyspherehat/status/1216053496996339713?s=21) incredibly smooth brain
yeah no kidding lol... I don’t follow them it just got retweeted onto my timeline.
Still the only QB to beat a Nick Saban Alabama team twice tho lol. That LSU team beat Pac-12 champ Oregon, Big East champ WVU, National champ Alabama, Cotton Bowl champ Arkansas, and is probably the best team to not win a titlel, and they did it with Jordan Jefferson and Jarrett Lee.
From your lips to God’s ears, Stan.
“Now Johnny Unitas, there’s a haircut you could set your watch to!”
Loved staying up til 2AM watching Colt Brennan torch WAC defenses for 550 yards and 6 TDs. Really unfortunate how it ended with him getting beaten to a pulp by the Georgia D, but what a career.
https://i.imgur.com/mo28DG0.gifv
Kickstart my Heart came on the radio right as soon as I hit gridlock traffic. What a ripoff
I know it’s easy to say this from my couch, but I can’t imagine myself being worse at Jeopardy than Priscilla and Shanu. Grown ass man thinking The Who sang Bohemian Rhapsody, come on bruh.
Shoutout Popeyes for giving me two (2) extra tenders.
This hillbilly guy on Live PD is rocking the Homer Simpson muumuu lmao
Paul Van Ass
cool throne: vrabel’s hog
https://twitter.com/tombrodude/status/528581556261384192?s=21
“My company’s subreddit is full of people who defecate themselves, really reminds me of the city by the bay”
“Lost all the liquor money boys, way she goes. Sometimes she goes, sometimes she doesn’t. She didn’t go tonight, that’s the way she goes.” “Well I guess we’re goin’ the fuck home then”
[I’m assuming he’s talking about *Rajai* Davis hitting this walkoff slam against the A’s.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JIiWu4SSDPM)
\*Nick Mullen voice\* “Hi I’m Black Chinese activist Martin Luther Qing”
"I went to the AVN Awards and there were a million of you walking around"
Is Zion just Nazr Mohammed with an instagram? People are saying it
I like to picture you smashing a giant button after each nut, and it adds a number to the giant scoreboard above your bed
Ripping pucks at actual targets that explode on impact was way better than this shooting at virtual targets bullshit. Damn millennials
Pfft, bye weeks. Bronko Nagurski didn’t get no bye weeks, and now he’s dead!
[the argument about the Mazda SUVs in the replies is great](https://twitter.com/joewhitents/status/1221288282669158401?s=21)
At least Fiers was able to uncover the details of a massive scandal *before* being outed as a pedo, unlike that fuck Epstein
Every time I see Billie Eilish I think of [Nick Mullen’s tweet](https://twitter.com/nickmullen/status/1158745290129793024?s=21): &gt;(Chinese guy saying ‘very irish’) Billie Eilish
quadruple digits, buddy
He should be tried at the Hague for these stone age offenses he runs out there.
“Barstool Big Cat looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his white shirt at Super Bowl Week. Very very disrespectful.”
Sure, he may have millions of dollars, fame, women, and a 6’8 frame, but is he a part of a brotherhood featuring over 100k of the most autistic weirdos the internet has to offer? I rest my case.
can’t forget the deranged horniness.
"when the fuck did we get ice cream?!"
[lmfao](https://twitter.com/b8tch_updates/status/1267501881301045249?s=21)
Had a long car ride with a few co-workers out to the job site today. The guy driving asked if anyone had any good podcasts to break up the drive, so I took a bit of a gamble and threw on the Cumtown ep where Nick and Stav riff about the Batman characters and Cumeatsioner Gordon. Co-workers were in stitches the entire time, and so was I. Forgot how great that episode was.
91
91
The liquor’s callin’ the shots now, Rand
honk honk
drink shock top bitch!
Every time I think about her I think about the Nick Mullen tweet about how her name sounds like a Chinese guy saying “very irish” and I laugh. Great honkers too
Went to a WVU football game a few years back and singing Country Roads after the game ruled.
big bobs n vagene
Meh, had a good run
what if the real sex tape was the friends we made along way ❤️
That’s a good way to get stuffed in the backfield all night, need some big road-graders up front to let you break one loose.
Who do you think you are, I am’
[Dickie V rocking the company polo in the hot tub is a wild move](https://twitter.com/dickiev/status/1271903601817014273?s=21)
maybachmusic22’s grandma go on cumtown
[Reminds me of Bill James referring to “things that were a little off” as “Chinese” when he was a kid.](https://twitter.com/billjamesonline/status/1241087124989935618?s=21)
There's 2 things mawfuckas gotta know about J to the R-O-C Straight up you know what I'm sayin’ First of all I spin more rhymes than a lazy susan, and I'm innocent until my guilt is proven. Peace Represent Sunnyvale, straight the fuck up.
Cracking open an ice cold beer after working for 13 hours outside in the heat&gt;&gt;&gt;
Saw a tweet saying “People who are offended by the term "kung flu" are the same people who clap when the plane lands.”, and boy is that right on the money. Like there are endless things to criticize him for, but funny is funny.
Lemon of Troy is the GOAT “You must be stupider than you look” “Stupider like a FOX!”
Upset of the year that my dad bought a six pack of the LGBT Bud Light cans
finally an in for us average penis folk
[clears thoat, taps mic] Paul Van Ass
Intriguing 🤔🤔. Also gotta think Big Razor is none too pleased about all this
Cholula on mac and cheese &gt;&gt;&gt;
Happy Gilmore would be funny. Imagine a hockey jersey wearing townie winning PGA Tour events with a hockey stick.
We’re talkin soooftballl, from Maine to San Diego We’re talkin soooftballl, Mattingly and Canseco.
Hell yea brother, cheers from AA
Jim Boeheim also killed a guy
Reminds me of that King of the Hill episode where Dale runs for gun club president. “I lost the black vote.. Earl, and the gay vote.. Earl” “Ok, so things will be a little tense with Earl”
I hope not. Hopefully the dudes rock and autism support posts have been enough to offset everything else.
if this sub and r/cumtown get the axe we're all gonna have to soothe our mild autism in other ways. might be a good idea to buy some model train stocks just in case.
Against LeBron too
Shoutout Corey Brewer going off for 51 points and 6 steals.
My men’s league baseball season officially got cancelled :/ Fuck China, all my homies hate China
