I have been using Keepass for a while, just hate logging into things on my phone
Mind if I give other people this public comment?
I like the hot/cold idea. Right now I just have it synced to gdrive and all hard drives in case of hardware failure.
No
Yeah but unfortunately real kids kill real people with real guns too :/ Once you ignore kids with guns cause they're probably fake is when gangs recruit even more kids.
Sure, but if you wait see what kind of gesture it is, it could be too late. That's why any gesture that starts similar i.e. any gesture where you are reaching to your waist, is a bad idea.
Yeah I know. Also I think you got autocorrected there. It takes milliseconds between reaching the gun and pulling it up to a high enough level to start pulling the trigger. You have to take them out before then. Especially because a single shot is often not enough to actually stop someone trying to do that. Of course it's unfortunate when it happens to someone who wasn't actually reaching for a gun, but there is a reason cops tell you not to reach for anything. If the cop waits for you to reach and then to see and realize what it actually is, it is WAY too late if it's actually a gun.
Just wish I hadn't been so late to the game.
Thank you. This reminded me of when my friend tried to tell me that DotA 2 just had more depth than league and I couldn't find the right words to explain that league has depth in different ways.
Next goal 100000000
Wow
The guy from the channel he literally mentioned in the sentence before?
Sollte da ein Witz drin sein?
I miss community. Your comment might be why I watch it again
New token?
Except I'm not, lmao
It's funny you say that cause my phone was performing awfully and swiping away all the apps seemed to help.
Said she is a psychopath now, doesn't seem worth it
Damn.
What's an evil chair?
Bind it ingame
Why would you bind all 4 instead of using 1 slot and 3 other emotes in the radial.
Emote wheel North East South West
You can't, but it will show up in your config after.
Creative has multiple RL art sections.
I mean i doubt twitch admins judge the art in any of those section
Awesome. I'm excited to do it, just need to get a 1080p camera if I'm gonna do a full RL stream.
Well I hope I see you in the first Lego stream. Good luck with your idea.
As someone who has recently trained to ATC on the maui airport, these words mean things to me.
I was streaming a few days ago and after too much alcohol and caffeine, playing PUBG, I thought I was gonna have a heartattack every time I fought a team.
I am an idiot. yeah, I meant that.
well going from 0 to anything is infinitely more. same as buying 2 tickets is 150% more.
haha, danke falls du es ernst meinst, wenn nicht, nehme ich gerne kritik an.
sitz neben mir wurde frei und person hat gewartet und sich auf einen anderen gesetzt :(
Thanks. I keep going back and forth on the facial hair and the hairstyle is a work in progress.
emo spider-man... there are worse things to be called, haha But no, I get what you mean, I just always hated how I looked short haired but it might better now with all the extra padding on my face gone.
Thanks, I might do that.
Oh yeah but I just hate smiling for pictures.
-65kg, feels pretty neat
at this point I've given up on it changing.
oaf? And yeah, I've been told, but I just don't like smiling for normal pictures, idk.
Joke's on you, pink is my favorite color!
gotta weld the broken pieces together first.
WTF I've been watching his videos for hours now.
https://ffrf.org
Ouch.
Why do you think I'm getting an error?
multiple routes with similar times that can differ based on traffic.
I eventually figured it out. Still a huge pain.
CTRL+S space CTRL+S backspace CTRL+S
Cool, I didn't. Silly bot.
Green Screens are near pointless for pictures. The reason you use them is cause manually cutting a bunch of video frames would be annoying, or for live applications.
He's still wrong. A pickle is a pickled cucumber.
Cool. That would've been my guess but I didn't know if Fort Worth was a thing or something I misremembered.
just wasp yourself
Idk, I'm a big advocate of not lying. I don't care what it's about or why. If you want to jerk it to someone that's fine, why do you have to add a lie to it?
I understand that PTSD isn't the right term for what these people are feeling, but I think we need an easy term for it them if that's possible? It helps so much once you identify with something and feel legitimized in how you are feeling instead of questioning what is wrong with you.
It doesn't even make sense cause why would they be dying if your magic cure is so great.
I don't think his point was "The woman OP dated is trans". I think it was "This situation is actually much more possible than people think"
&gt; because I think refusing to date trans people is also weird. if a hetero guy isn't into a girl that has a penis, he's weird?
Her?
Really? Asking a question is too much? He didn't say they didn't accept his answer.
Which fucks up the commute of everyone behind you, but not your own
Really? Complaining about wet feet?
This has literally nothing to do with the argument at hand.
If you are blocking the lane how will the road rager get ahead of you?
I would agree if the guy in the car didn't make the most illegal lane change.
&gt;Just as you are fucking everybody behind you, there's a dipshit up ahead of you fucking yours up as well. This is not how causality works.
You're trying to apply actual physics to this? (About which you're wrong anyways, lol )
61 threads to go
What is the main song though? Sounds good, I want the non-raped version.
I realized there was the thread and posted it there after, sorry!
Thought this was a post in /r/flagsinreallife
Until people complain they have to turn their controller back on every time they have to do x thing that takes y minutes. And as always, on PC you can let the controller do that.
Yup. Came here to mention this. I've done it, there is a soccer ball hidden in the roofs over there and I think some crazy gun?
That is extra logic you need to develop, build into the board, test, etc.
I mean, if it's that easy, go get them to implement it. Kickstart your own controller that does it.
I thought I remembered it as a rapid fire of big plasma projectiles
Doesn't matter had sex
I would assume it's easy now since you have a trump speech in S5? See when that one was.
Much lower than the people who played on 360 but not after. I would assume anyways.
oh wow this is actually the first thing I did https://i.imgur.com/eJXe2xj.jpg
Not sure what's so hard about linking your template or the source image but alright then.
You thought her daughter was way older than her?
So you're saying I should be allowed to jerk to it?
I played "apple"
Best rocket league controller, easily.
I actually don't know how it happened this time, usually it's if I nick the base or don't cut properly and rip part of it out.
I haven't seen any reasonable arguments for why is bad, that leaves me to assume they just don't like it cause they're homophobic.
And you think "waaaaaahhhh changeeeee" is a better argument than "waaaaaaaah gay people" ?
Yup, scroll down far enough to see all the other things that would make no sense if SCP was real.
k? Replace "you" with "they" and "your" with "their"
[I M M E R S I O N](https://i.imgur.com/8BoG93b.png)
Yeah but pushing the pads to type is so natural, like pushing a key
Actually haven't. You're welcome to gimme one so I can try it. :P
The shit storm that would ensue if you said the same on mother's day. "Besides being an incubator you haven't done anything to raise your child. Happy mother's day to single dads!"
How recent is the demo?
oof
I remember reading this a long time ago. didn't know it was this guy.
I think I will use Cthulhu like this in the future instead of God, when it fits well; I like it.
Just so perfect. First round, didn't do anything in warm up so the first thing they see is just this. Also killed a guy through their smoke next round. Overwatch ban inc?
If the first thing I see in a game is a guy literally one tapping 2 kills, that's a bit sus. Also, let me tell you this, the enemy was very vocal about the vac ban I'm gonna get.
Yup, pistol round has always been silly unbalanced
But why would they think I'm walling for knowing where my team is?
Tell that to the Dutch gov
Maybe, but was it worth having to read you say "must of"? Not sure...
Disable them and then what? Just remove the lootbox system?
Oh man, an Adam Savage reference, gotta upvote!
Then tell the dutch gov to make that the issue.
Is it good? I was so excited for that
Like the twin that almost absorbed the other but its still like a big mole on it's ass.
Lots of "Liechtenstein is small" jokes in this thread but this one actually made my giggle, have an internet.
Now if only it was available in my country
No he didn't
Hope you're doing okay :c
What color are your eyes?
How could you be caught, without a camera crew there.
Someone can correct me but I assume Black Mesa is the better HL1 experience?
Now THIS is pod racing!
Hmm. If you had to choose and only play one, which would you pick?
Oof
Damn, something between the first and second is exactly how I imagined my character. Did you just search on deviantart?
At least 3
Haha. Thanks for the response. I did find some good stuff on deviantart.
Considering she posts her full name on patreon, why?
The original is really messy with timelines. Instead of just going through the story, it kinda follows mainly one character per episode. Personally it didn't bother me, but a lot of people disliked it. The Remix is an attempt to remix the original episodes to make it chronological again. The 2 biggest problems are that some jokes that were before set up and executed in one episode might now get kinda lost and happen way later and that because it wasn't meant to be cut together this way, there is a lot more voice over by the narrator to make sense of everything. I liked both and can't tell you which I prefer. Both of them have the whole story of season 4 in them.
It's a really tough call. If you don't think you'll be confused by jumping back and forth in the timeline, I think the original would probably be better. If you just want to have an easy time following the story, the remix is also very good. Maybe wait to see what a few other people say.
This makes me want to build a tiny Linux machine into a buttplug.
I laughed out loud at this. I bet the was great to watch.
&gt;collapse in on myself like a dying star. I love this line and like to use it when someone is throwing a huge tantrum. Also never realized she predicted this so well.
Thank you so much for this. EasyCraft is a huge game changer! Is there something similar for the habitat builder?
I just checked and less than 0.3% THC is legal here, but I assume that's so low is basically has no effect?
Dude that was some good shit! Laughed out loud multiple times. Keep it up, 100%.
Okay. Well legally I can only get &lt;0.3% I guess.
Checkmate climate changists. Weather is green, green is good, weather is good, climate change is bullshit.
Are you using the abl expert octoprint plugin?
Why would he add that to his start code? That's for the slicer to do.
Figured that's what it was. You're welcome, lol.
in any mission where enemies aren't armored level 100's yes What do you really need the energy for? And if you really need energy, why do you not have an EV trin?
Yes and that had been true for weeks just the same
http://shr.cx/9Dbx.png
With a good setup you can solo the golem in about 10 seconds..
Not sure how you are impressed by them hiring someone who is buddies with all the chat mods the community has a problem with. Do you really need to have the conflict of interest pointed out to you there?
That's not sarcasm though.
/r/nothingeverhappens
You can get faster than 1 weapon in 1 minute in ESO but ok.
I was able to get about 60 casts per second, would probably take a few minutes to level the weapon while watching a youtube video on another screen, no big deal.
Lol, why make up the fake story about it being an accident? This is a complete BS story.
So true. I drafted what I thought was a nice deck and went 2/0 to 2/2 and it just felt awful. Also can you teach me your draft ways? :c
That sounds like it would be a lot of fun. I wonder if you could have it easy itself and shit.
Could be a fun mode but I wouldn't say it's what the game needs lol. I do like the idea of emulating a 1v1 mid. One lane, one hero, but likely it would have a very small selection of viable heroes. Maybe 2v2 would be more balanced
[[Stars Align]] [[Thunderhide Pack]] +3 mana for 1 cost is basically +2 mana. Turn 2 is 4 mana, +2 +2 = 8 mana for Thunderhide Pack. The poor guy surrendered like 30 seconds later, in Expert Draft.
[[Aghanim's sanctum]] what does that do?
Haha, nice. It is not super OP but it is a fun combo when you get it off.
I think if both have wards it should still give both players a chance to change where they go, essentially letting you play mind games potentially. Maybe a ward should be played into a lane and you can just see what is headed to that lane.
Played this deck a few times, lots of fun, but vs similar black decks it feels like a huge coin toss .-. super close matches.
There are certainly ways to take care of it but I was mostly wondering about something as quick and easy as Slay. Doesn't seem like it. Moving it to another lane Turn 2 just fucks that lane instead unless you have something there to take care of it better. It's not a guaranteed loss by any means but basically you have the high ground if the enemy can't remove it quickly.
if you have the right cards, sure.
ouch
&gt;Maybe some decks that do well against aggro decks too. That's what I like about when something forces a meta, is that you can try to counter it if it's possible.
2 cheat death stack for 2 chances?
This is bad advice, you can not fail tricks unless you get knocked off the board e.g. you try to land upside down mid flip and go ragdoll.
This is bad advice, you can not fail tricks unless you get knocked off the board e.g. you try to land upside down mid flip and go ragdoll.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
? Around 10 per 10 minutes in an okay farm with a booster. What's the problem?
You can't.
You don't lose anything. You still get your rep.
The problem he has isn't there. You still get the full rep. It's a visual bug, nothing more.
I posted it in response to this guy to so he could see it? Most people don't reopen posts, they just check responses they get directly
And actually checked rep after these "failed" tricks?
More like 10-40 from what I've seen, with the ability to sell them again.
Gave myself an asthma attack laughing at this, good job. I've been binge watching your videos while playing and working and to run into these 2 videos now was amazing.
Yeah the guy who constantly points out flaws in locks designs, very clear about when he gets sent a lock for free etc. while still giving them honest reviews is totally shilling. Lmao
If it's well designed and built, like this one seems to be, you'll need both sides.
Haha, yep.
Haha: Yep
Not in the concentrations that should be in a pool.
What? Before that night when the director uploaded huge parts of itself into Ilsa it was completely impossible for 001 to do any of this. That's why 001 didn't do it before.
I saw a thread that had a very reasonable theory about David. Basically if the director saved David then Marcy wouldn't be willing to kill herself to keep the code from 001. So David needs to die, leaving Marcy with nothing left to lose and the desire to kill herself anyways, making it a lot easier. Letting David die increases the chances of those events playing out correctly significantly.
Yes, but that doesn't make it a simulation, no reason to call it by a word that isn't correct.
Would be nice except no one remembers the numbers. The majority of people remember the names of the hosts.
Well instead of dying after saving everyone, David likely would've just died in the nuclear detonation, unless the director found a different way to stop it. But this was likely the plan all along, for Jeff to get David, have him be left for dead, eventually leading to the events in S3E10.
Hmm. I wonder why he looks out the window then. Even with 15 minutes I'd stilll think it's risky to stay and look outside instead of GTFO'ing. I also wonder about the original computer problem that stopped 001 from sending his email and why Mac didn't encounter it.
I don't know why you think you need to call them anything.
I just checked S2E01 and yes it's 8:46 time of death and 001 was sent at about 8:42. So yeah Mac was significantly earlier, since 001 had enough time to get out there is no reason to believe Mac died in 9/11 if it happened.
Very possible. Even if the faction was telling the truth, that was not the 001 that did lead the faction, his history could've been completely different.
Huh? If you need to call them anything ( though I don't think you do since basically everyone understand what they are ), they would be alternate timelines. What we see has always been (except for the one where see the same 17 minutes multiple times) the latest iteration, the very last timeline, the one where every traveler arrived, all the way until the very last iteration where Mac goes back even further. Every single time a traveler is sent back that "creates" another "timeline", another iteration, the most recent version of events that played out. The previous unchanged version happened and played out but we generally don't get to see it, though we do get clues and Phillip does end up seeing them.
&gt; The simulated reality the timelines are all in There is no such &gt;I call the simulation. No &gt;(although it isn't really a simulation, but is most close to it) It's not close to a simulation at all.
The point is that the events, as they played out, left Marcy in a position where she didn't have David left to live for and was actively planning to kill herself already. If David was still alive, she would very likely fight back or try some other solution and mess up the chain of events. With David dead, she just shoots herself and that is that.
I don't think many people are confused about how the time travel in the show works and that we are seeing the last iteration. If you think differently you are likely confused and thinking about it incorrectly.
What are you talking about then
Protocol Omega means the director is done interacting with the timeline, not that it is a failure. It knew that these events would lead to Mac going back. Letting David die so that Marcy kills herself and can't be used by 001 was one of those events. When did I talk about the AI hesitating?
None of this says anything about the directors post Omega plan. You said yourself that Mac going back was part of the plan so clearly the director didn't abandon and forget about the timeline but this was what was meant to happen.
So you're saying the director saw the timeline as a failure and abandoned it and did not predict that Mac would go back again?
Stop using the word simulated or simulation if it's not what you're talking about. &gt;Not a simulation, just an altered reality/simulated reality. You are contradicting yourself in multiple ways in the same sentence and it is nothing but confusing. Do not use the word simulation unless you are talking about an actual simulation i.e. a virtual program running on a computer and not anything that happened in any real reality.
All of that seems weird to me, especially since you're talking about a simulation and ilsa running it, I'm not sure what you're referring to here. Marcy and David meeting is just what happened in the original timeline pre-director and what will happen again if nothing is changed in ver2 Whether or not Mac can stop Helios and if that is still a failure is kind of up in the air. The director thinks ver1 is a failure because it "ended" (more like retroactively never started) because of Macs email, so now the director goes to ver2 since it knows ver1 is(or would be) a failure.
The director runs simulations and tries to predict all the possible outcomes and uses that to decide where to send travelers and give missions, etc. It simulated and predicted that if David lives, Marcy is unlikely to kill herself and there is a chance 001 can use the backdoor to disable the director, therefore David can't be saved. Ver1 is considered a failure because that's the email it got. Ver1 may or may not have predicted that this was a viable way to reset all the way to before 001 was sent. Now it has a chance to instead start with Ver2 and "try again" from an almost fresh slate.
I mean, as travelers it's not really an issue, he has no emotional bond with the new traveler and they are likely just sent somewhere else.
I thought so too at first.
Protocol Omega. All travelers can continue life **as they see fit**. If she wants to go beat him up, she is now allowed to, no protocol that says otherwise.
That's the thing though, things didn't just go back to normal. Trevor's fix wasn't perfect and he had lapses again. David avoided his death in a way that actually made sense and wasn't BS ( he was holding how many bags of blood? That is a huge dose of nanites he got that were still working to fix him ), but in the end he died too and Marcy killed herself. Things got so fucked up that the timeline needed to be reset. The traveler program failed. v1 is over, we need to start over with v2. You could say that with the reset, those things don't actually have any meaning, but I disagree, they have even more meaning, they have so much meaning that the only solution the director had left was to start over. And even with the reset, things aren't magically fixed. The Marcy that David meets isn't the Marcy we know. Grant and Kathryn's broken relationship didn't get fixed , she is now with her, we don't know how that will turn out while he is trying to fix the future with 0 guidance. We have no idea how differently, better or worse, the future turned out, but since v2 is started, it's likely still trash. See reset as a stop-gap, just like Trevor's implant, it works, for now, but the problem is still there
I mean that is how league works in my experience. Everything is OP except when I play it :(
I'm gonna make graphs like this and post them on Twitter next time I feed on a champ. Can I have the .PSD file? :^)
I mean women being somewhat hardwired to get turned on by the idea of cum inside them has obvious advantages towards producing offspring.
Yes.
Saved, will update when I see one.
/r/wetstreets Yes I just created this and I'd love if anyone posted when they find one in a movie or show.
I assume it runs simulations and calculations of probability of all the unknown variables and chooses the path that has the best probability of success. Obviously it is still surprised when lower probability event occurs, like Grant being able to change Aleksanders path, but the director adjusts accordingly. Or maybe that was the plan all along. If the director sets off the events that lead to Grant killing Aleksander, it can run predictions but the only reality it can actually observe is one where he does get killed. It then calculates that the talk Grant had with Aleksander actually had a high chance of success so it aborts the mission by messenger. Then again, we don't really know how hard the director can splice timelines. Theoretically the director could send multiple teams where the first carries out the mission but in the next iteration the others stop or alter the mission until the result is desired. He could kill and unkill Aleksander until Grant does what we see. Since in the show we are seeing the final version of events, we might miss a bunch of different iterations of what happens and how it goes wrong until we get the one we see where they get backup at just the right time. I think we might've seen this at times like S1E06: Helios 685 and S2E07: 17 minutes
2,4,8 and a bit of 6 is why I can't play botlane in soloq anymore. I am a more aggressive &amp; active player and like to make things happen, but ADCs will not help me and then flame me for feeding. It's infuriating when the ADC just farms or sometimes not even that while I am being attacked. They will be full HP and run away while I'm dying 1v2 instead of getting 100% free damage on enemy. I will AA a few minions so we hit level 2 first and they will stand back while we have double their abilities right now. And people don't understand how big a 1 for 1 ADC for support trade is. A dead ADC can't farm. If my ADC kills theirs and then I die to the support, that's a massive lane advantage. The ADC will come back with less gold, less xp and will likely be 2v1 while their support had to back after overstaying failing to hold the wave.
It was Talon for me last season. I climbed from gold 5 to plat 5 in about 2 weeks with a winrate that started at 80% and went down to about 60% by the end of it.
Maybe. I still don't think he would die there.
He already massively affected the future by not being with Kat and by trying to stop Helios 865, and killing himself there would just influence it more since the FBI will be missing him. It's very clear to me when watching the scene that he just pauses for a second to look outside, ponders for a moment about whatever and then leaves to do whatever had planned next.
Knocked on the door, yes. But she beat him up after. Knocking on the door may as well be her protocol 5. she's not using knowledge from the future to interfere so it's no protocol 2
It depends on how the director was created and how it is stored. I think we know it is stored in something called a quantum frame? I have a few theories about what this could mean but I think the director has to be immune to the timeline changes to some degree.
It's very clearly not omniscient and actually does struggle without recorded information and especially after the faction starts destroying archives. But I do think it would be confusing if random changes would change how well the director worked. I also think that it wouldn't make much sense since the director is likely not directly programmed but more of a emergent neural net AI type entity rather than a hardcoded program.
I would also like my education to become more bigly.
White is balanced mode.
Possible but that might be too much interference for anyone to be comfortable with. It's one thing to quietly make changes on disasters and such and another to take over the course of the planet as leaders.
I'm pretty sure IQ doesn't actually go to 200+? Maybe he was reading his SAT scores.
Oh man, Bill Gate as president. Sure we might have to deal with USA Vista for a bit, but once USA 7 comes out damn it willd be good.
I'm pretty sure that because of the nature of the test, it can't go that high, but I might be wrong. Or at least some tests that will only go to a certain number and you would need a different test that even has a chance of scoring in that range?
Your ~~IQ~~ SAT scores are too low.
You can do rep with conservation in 7-15 minutes depending on spawns.
I solo the fight in ~13 minutes, how are you taking 25 minutes with a team?
https://www.warframe.com/news/warframe-on-the-discord-store
You don't have it and you can't use the link yourself?
game-breaking how? Name a single way in which it would be actually game breaking
This looks really good.
It likely depends on if you value the suffering of a chicken the same as the one of a cow. One cow feeds a bunch of people but I can eat a whole chicken for dinner, similarly, and you could eat even more eggs in one sitting.
This is an excellent rectangle.
Then what are you trying to say other than meaningless noise?
This. They should've changed it when they made getting out with the upgrade free. Upgrade should give you full access to your pets.
If you can't finish the fight in that time you simply aren't ready to do this content. It's trivial to solo the orb in like 6 minutes total.
Oh my
http://shr.cx/20181224052121_1.jpg killed it in less than 8 minutes and my loadout is far from optimized. It's really not that hard. Oh and neither of those weapons are forma'd, so don't tell me you were using "end game loadouts with maxed out mods"
No? c4c3f3 is just 437
You might be but that has nothing to do with being a vegetarian. It might be why some people chose it but that means nothing to anyone who chose it for a different reason.
It doesn't universally. It's not part of the definition. It might be the reason for the majority of people, but it's not required. It's not part of it.
Nice troll.
I do not walk barefoot. I wear (special) socks, pavement heat isn't an issue and cold only if it's really cold and for a longer time.
Vegan has a very specific definition and you're trying to add more meaning to it for some reason. Like I said, if you want that start your own cult and call it veganetarialism or whatever you wish. You are also forgetting that vegan can describe a meal. A meal that doesn't have animal products in it. My definition of vegan is consistent with both, yours isn't unless you're telling me my vegan meatballs care about animal suffering.
You are either a troll or incredibly dense, in either case there is no point in talking to you.
Yeah sounds fine.
You forgot the data mass.
How would there be any problem caused by other parts skipping a number? You are way overcomplicating it. So what if it goes from 9-9-9 to 11-11-11 with an x-x-10 part in the middle? People are already referring to the new parts as 567 and it works fine.
Then you probably dropped it.
Discord bots, sometimes useful sometimes just an idea I had. Like the bot that took pictures of my dog on demand.
I wonder how much magnesium citrate you'd have to mix into a brownie to be effective but it should be pretty safe.
That's probably where he got it from. The post is 300% fake.
&gt;Don't make this about guns. Murder can be accomplished with a pencil if needed. Yep because a crazy kid going in and killing 30 people with a pencil is a real threat. Guns are a force multiplier. Sure I can kill a person with a pencil but it won't be nearly as easy, quick or scalable. But you know this and are making stupid arguments instead, likely because *MURICA* and *but muh guns*
Yep as is this case in probably all of Europe and shit is fine here. This comes to mind... https://www.theonion.com/no-way-to-prevent-this-says-only-nation-where-this-r-1830073842
I just think it's a lot of unnecessary effort for now.
Why would magnesium citrate be an issue? The reason it works so well as a laxative is that it's not absorbed well at all and I think you'd need a lot of it for it to be an issue. Dehydration should be the only problem.
You would have to eat an ungodly amount, you know, like 25 times the recommended maximum dose. I don't think anyone sensible enough to go for a safe laxative would try to feed anyone such ridiculous amounts.
I know right, that was an amazing video.
Well I call it fun!
It's really not, another instance of the same thing.
"Who said I was talking about your God?"
Am I too late? Merry Christmas.
I don't get it...
This meme is better when you don't give away the answer.
Yep. 200 slash and 300 viral you still have a significantly higher chance to proc slash.
I was gonna make a meaningful comment but you probably would've just called me an asshole for disagreeing with you and then tried to report me.
If you have a decent kill frame CC is pointless because dead enemies don't need to be CC'd. If the most props you can give to yourself is not dying so you don't have to be picked up then you are not contributing anything. If you don't want to be on a kill frame because you wanna level weapons or have a lens in your weapon, there are fine support frames to use in ESO such as Trinity or Rhino.
I don't remember seeing this in the extended version :(
Rhino's value isn't from stomping but from Roar which can literally double or triple your damage, significantly increasing affinity gain for everyone. Trading that for a frame whose only redeeming quality is not dying isn't really comparable.
It's really not.
A public game is completely random players while a PUG is strangers at least organized to some degree like from a recruit chat or group finder, at least that's how I see it. You don't really need a list of acceptable frames, you just need to look at a frame and think "Does this frame add anything of value" and nezha just doesn't for ESO and it just happens to be the case for a lot of frames in ESO. And the list I gave is not complete, there are others that can help, I just named the most popular and easiest to use. If you want to play the game just how YOU enjoy it then you are free to do that in Solo mode, but if you queue up for a public game you impact the experience of 3 other players who would rather have a productive party member than someone "having fun" while not helping. And there is a big difference between a new player queuing up for it not knowing better and someone queuing up for it KNOWING full well that they won't be helpful but excusing it because they were told "someone will carry on Saryn anyways".
I mean you are if you don't mind being inconsiderate towards anyone you match with.
Harrow sitting narrow...?
You got it all wrong unfortunately. Saryn and a 2nd nuke frame compliment each other. Yes, on a small map Volt might "steal" your kills but in reality he is just adding spikes of faster kills in between which your abilities fill the gap. And on large maps the Saryn takes over nearly completely with the insane range on her 1, meaning you don't lose out on all the kills from enemies spawning 50m+ away, far too far away for Volt or Equinox. There are also lots of medium sized tiles where about half the enemies spawn nearby and the other half spawn down some system of hallways that go way beyond volt/equinox range, often you will only cast 1 on one guy outside the hallway and it will spread all the way to the back. So no, having another kill frame doesn't steal your kills because you are a team and you are helping each other. Playing Saryn skews your view because she can handle very well on her own but it's still way worse than what you can have with a real group.
No we couldn't because that would leave our Warframe sitting on the map. Wtf you gonna do once you left all your Warframes in missions cause you transferenced out of them?
Anyone not familiar with game development, this guy is talking out of his ass.
You need a potato. And you need to forma your aura slot. Then you need to upgrade your mods. It's also somewhat important what you are trying to use your mag for, unfortunately she doesn't fill a lot of roles that are needed right now but she will work as a misc. mission runner. If you post your IGN I can gift you one once I can make it to my PC (pretty sure I caught the flu so no idea when I can make it out of bed) Edit: oh wait I see controller buttons so I likely won't be able to gift you that potato.
I miss my SC MS strings riven...
I have a lot of hours in the game but I never tried that, I wonder what it's like.
Short distance. If this worked from orbit, why would we land? We can void dash across the map, doesn't mean we can void dash to the Moon.
&gt;I don't care who does the kills though - I have lens on a weapon and a frame, so no affinity/focus gets lost regardless who does the kill. That's my point though. Volt kills aren't stolen, they are earned faster than you could. And with 300 or whatever power str 1 does not take long to build damage. Infect one, spread it to all others using the weapon of your choice and they are all basically dead.
Moving the frame a short distance doesn't require a lot of strength. Moving your body to an antenna doesn't take a lot of strength. Moving your frame further would. Sure game mechanics wise you can run and run and always take your frame but that's cause having a limit like that would be a gameplay killer. That's how I see it.
That is definitely not what this sub is for. Maybe ask /r/vexillology ?
Build your own, a few raspberry pi zero w's as cameras and a bigger one as server all running MotionEyeOS. Should be cheap and open source if I remember correctly.
Build your own, a few raspberry pi zero w's as cameras and a bigger one as server all running MotionEyeOS. Should be cheap and open source if I remember correctly.
No wonder Tom Scott is such a badass.
You forgot to actually post the porn you wanted to post, lol.
One of many spots like this.
We run with 3 excavators the entire time and general have ~2m50s rotations. The only reason our avg. rotation times ends up higher is because when someone dies it basically halts the game entirely until they are rezzed. Up to and past 100 digs we had 2m48s rotations or something, probably right up to the moment of our first death.
I have used like 5 of them, not because they are good, but because I may as well have. And I have 13 BPs now. They really aren't good.
Yikes. You don't need high MR to forma a single weapon to be pretty good.
Wisp 2
Where does the "Sozialist" in Nazi even come from?
Join the discord if you want to LFG
It turns out arbitrations are the same on all platforms and we have some PS4 peeps now
Yikes. Sounds like you're an uninformed player who just didn't know how to put a half decent weapon together. High MR players have access to more gear but that doesn't mean the gear you can get early is bad. Please learn how to play the game instead of raging at the mechanics.
Hey as a player who just started I'm sure you know way more than me, and that's why you struggled vs an easy enemy :D
in a strangle dome the enemies die to 1 tether
It's a max of 3, they spawn every 60 seconds. When all 3 are down or ready to drop, the 60 second timer pauses.
Well when you run for 6 hours you tend to notice
Corpus Outpost and Grineer Forest
What is parallax and perspective?
😂😂😂
Also stop using gyazo, it's trash. Google sharex
you said the n word with a hard a
There are way worse things than to be socially inept and trying to rectify it by asking questions. Looks like the guy is at least trying, maybe it's a bit pathetic to shit on someone for that.
Well Excavation is the best Arbitration mode for rewards and is therefore what most dedicated Arbitration runners most focus on.
( advanced teams don't take a nekros since he is overkill with pilfering khoras )
You literally can't not complete defense rotations as quickly as excavation rotations period, which is why no one runs it. We are not gonna host a contest for a mode no one plays.
That has nothing to do with gifts and everything to do with buying plat illegally.
You can drink a lot of the stuff and be fine, from what I remember. But if you could switch someone's water for long enough it might work.
Aw really? I always wanted to try it, now even more so
You just have to wish for things that a lot of people wish for and you should be fine
I would love a version of this where he just pretends to recognize the person and then spreads his arms to "offer" a hug, so the person can just deny it. That would be pretty wholesome. This way it sadly just violates people's personal space. :/
Yikes
yep
Uuuuh those base stations don't work with the Vive
I mean there may very well be some truth to it, there are all kinds of biological differences between men and women, or might lean one way or the other, but that doesn't mean he actually can handle what you have to smell and he's an idiot for assuming. Give him the worst thing you can find.
I mean maybe? But getting his core items is fine.
Can you build a good one though? I can't imagine they are that complicated electronically
Metal detecting Roomba?
Geez. What makes it worth that much?
Duuude your enthusiastic personality is a joy to watch! Please don't let some salty internet randoms get you down.
Accessible microcomputers have changed the game a lot. Then pay an extra $2 for a chip with bluetooth and wifi on it.
Interesting. Well I hope I at least provided a slightly more relatable description of what people meant. I've heard people can learn how to picture things so maybe that's something you can try.
I know, I was just giving an example of something that they might be more able to relate to.
I meant to build it into a light switch but it was a very small space, it would've been annoying to turn off the power while I put it in and I would've had to do it standing there. Meanwhile I already had a power strip that I had cut the cable of so I just spliced a relay in between and controlled that with the ESP32. https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/431558939541241857/586597249815937025/20190607_160810.jpg Sadly I somehow left the ESP32 dev board just out of the frame when I took this picture. I know it's kind of a mess but I'll probably do a better version once I have my work space ready.
Yes but if the power strip is plugged in the other way, that goes out the window?
EU plug, it has ground on both sides.
Interesting.
Yeah you can remember it and picture it but you likely don't actually "see" it the same way you see this comment?
I'm sure it can happen but it definitely doesn't happen universally when you think of a sound.
So you just kill the drones??
Lots of interesting things to think about.
It kinda depends, I definitely don't struggle to hold a consistent hum while imagining anything I want. There's is definitely some process of physical preparation when you actually think about saying something but I think that's different from just thinking about it.
Well last time I did a pretty long (30min) solo run with 3 other limbos and we didn't have any issues so maybe you just don't know how to play him right.
~~captured enemies also draw aggro and she has a free revive~~ also she is cat girl owo :3
We also use arby
Dunno, I'm not American.
Yeah I usually just ask the boys if they wanna run some ations
I mean it is almost like seeing it, I can definitely imagine actual things visually, kinda simulating them, just not seeing them, but holding the abstract visual in my mind.
Yeah you are definitely an exception.
Didn't get that either. Pretty sure I just wasted 70k points cause this event is confusing.
Do you think that 300 users from a smaller team is somehow more than 300 from a larger team?
They're 0 in any team lol.
What does gainfully mean
Anal beads
More like why are you complaining here if you're not good though to run in and finish the vault anyways?
*judging intensifies*
#Is this any better?
Careful, /r/creepyasterisks might judge you even harder
What don't you understand?
It's a sub for people overusing \*'s
What your what
Wow
There you go, that's how you do it /u/MoonFace20
I think you lost at Reddit.
It sucks but it really wasn't your fault.
So you couldn't talk to your son about what boy he likes? Tbh it sounds like you are just trying to excuse your low key homophobia. "How can I talk to my son about his relationships if he is gay?!"
Half of the arguments people are making in this thread only work in a vacuum. Yeah it would be a nice of we lived in a world where everyone accepted everyone else so none of this would be a big deal, but we don't. We live in a world with plenty of hate, so we have to show support to counter that hate. LGBT people don't just deal with reasonable, respectful people all day. We don't have pride month to raise LGTB people up higher than other people, we have it because they are already in a worse place in our society and can use our support. Who are you helping with straight pride month? Everyone who is already accepted by everyone else? Even you yourself are saying you would rather have a straight kid that an a gay kid. Imagine how that sounds to somehow who was literally told by their parents that they don't want them, they want a "normal" kid, not them. So yes, that sounds homophobic because it literally is. When you say you would prefer to have a straight you directly imply that a gay kid would be "worse".
So that's a whole different context than what you said and has little to do with what he said then.
So get out? Not worth risking your life cause she is too dumb to use her seatbelt.
Well you can go to hell
Maybe you can ask an ENT or surgeon? If that's not too expensive to go see them.
&gt; Even if my friend were gay, **she was waaay out of this girl's league** so I just can't see it. I mean that's rarely actually how it works.
Most people aren't that shallow? And even for those that are, what might be a 3 to one person might be a 7 to another.
The "control board" is powered by a power supply (unit, PSU). If you don't need the fan to be controlled there is no reason to go through the control board. Current is pulled, not pushed, a fan(motor) will pull as much current as it needs to run at full speed. It's important you match the fan to the voltage of your PSU but you need to do that no matter how you connect the fan to the PSU, even if it's through a control board.
As for your initial question, depending on how the board is designed, it likely provides power to the endstop pins but I'm not sure if connecting a fan to it might confuse it into thinking the endstop is being triggered. If they are powered, it's likely only at 5v so you would need a 5v fan. Again, the way I would do it is to tap directly into the power rails of the PSU or tap into the cable of an existing fan since it will already be provided with power. If you're not comfortable with that then I don't know what the best way to go is but I don't suggest you mess with it without doing the research and feeling confident in and comfortable with what you're doing.
I know, I'm agreeing with you.
foreign addresses :(
/r/foundthesid
No, 99.999% of the time nothing would happen and the dog would learn a lesson about falling off of things.
That dog could literally land on its head or something and it wouldn't get hurt. Just stop. And you're incredibly naive if you think a dog won't learn from anything other than getting injured.
It's a small-medium sized dog, thanks to the square cube law that fall practically can't hurt it. It's not a weird hill to die on when you're just plain wrong. You're assuming, again, that the only way the dog can learn is by getting hurt, what the fuck? Yes, the lesson is that if it rolls off of something, it will fall. There is nothing to tell him it's dangerous because it isn't. You can learn about falling off of things without falling far enough to get hurt.
It's almost like we do regulate where, how and by whom cars can be operated, because they are dangerous, so you might want to come up with a better comparison. But my point was that just because I have an anecdote about something hurting me doesn't mean it's actually something you need to worry about. 99.999% of people don't get hurt from just walking, which is why we don't worry about it. My argument had nothing to do with how essential walking is.
because this design is basically a fucking ramp.
There is one fucking sign, they could've easily missed it, this is bad design in like 10 different levels.
yikes
I'm bored, so here you go: 1. It's built into the ground 2. It looks like more ground 3. It's easy to step directly on to 4. No fences 5. Only a single sign that I can spot, kinda far away. 6. slight incline so it's probably fun to walk on. 7. bottom of the incline probably catches leaves that the kid with the stick is playing with 8. edge at the top of the incline looks like it would be convenient to sit on 9. doesn't look like a memorial at all 10. it's in the middle of a fucking park 10 levels of bad design.
Or by not being a snowflake who gets offended because a kid walks on a "memorial"
Not according to the comments here that are basically saying the exact same thing, lol. Are you okay?
You mean like a Chromebook?
Cloth bags still work very well for that.
What about cost vs durability though? Sorry if it's covered in the video, gonna check it out now
Hmm that really wasn't enough information for me to know how I feel about this but I think we use our reusable bags often enough
your hand is made from the same material as your fingers, just more of it, with a powerful enough flashlight that's not gonna be an issue. So if you compare it to light that can literally blind you, I don't see why it wouldn't work.
Any "real" gamer will tell you to get quality stereo headphones, not a surround sound gimmick.
If you're comparing it to your $18 cans then yeah they might seem good...
No. "Surround headphones" were a fad that has thankfully mostly died down, but I guess not completely. Actual pros use stereo headphones, everyone in the audiophile or hardcore gamer community recommends solid stereo headphones instead of gamer gear gimmicks. Even most gamer headphones nowadays that advertise surround capabilities just use software tricks, the same software tricks built into every modern game engine that let you hear directional audio perfectly fine from stereo sound.
Hahaha, that's hilarious. I have thousands of hours in CSGO and other competitive shooters where audio cues are hugely important. Ironically they are also hugely important in dead by daylight, I assume you just mentioned it cause you don't know the game and you don't actually have any idea what you're talking about, lol. But sure, because I enjoy Minecraft alongside other games, my point is invalid.
Well you seemed to be using it to dismiss what I was saying. And if you had gotten more into DbD you'd know how important audio cues are for locating survivors. And well I have also played R6, Arma 3, and yes, CoD for years on Xbox using turtle beaches with 5.1 surround, which were a lot better than playing on speakers, but I wouldn't go back to them now over my high quality stereo Sennheisers.
Nah the flesh diffuses the light way too much for that
The cop can also get rid of rivals while making lots of money, maybe do your cop job? spoiler in case you want to figure it out yourself: &gt;!Investigate the rival and you get evidence, with 3 reasons it 100% upgrades evidence, damning evidence always works to get rid of the hunter, giving you a large paycheck and a favour from authority. you also keep your evidence from before so you can immediately upgrade it to damning and lock up the new rival!&lt;
&gt;!if that's true that seems like a massive oversight, what else are you supposed to do? or does it stop generating rivals once you stop being a detective?!&lt;
but what if you're just sitting in a room with the steak and can't eat it. Doesn't help you now, does it, huh? check mate
no, you can't do anything with it.
For voice the delay needs to be really low, like single digit milliseconds or it'll easily throw you off. If it was really 100ms it would be unbearable.
Hmm I'm torn on this. So far I've only been streaming to a handful of people and I feel like if I read out loud everything they say, it would be weird.
Are you talking about just the Reaper VSTs or does reaper allow mixing like voicemeter
I do like it for the big streamers I watch because I know when my message was read, but for my small steam idk
Only questions? Or just anything I respond to?
Any chance you could look at my vod and judge the size of my cam and lighting? Input on the audio would also be great.
Thank you for checking it out! I feel like I could make it slightly bigger and the lighting on my left side is slightly brighter because the light is closer so I'm probably gonna try to resolve that. Also still tweaking the audio a bit. Mostly I'm just nitpicky about my own stuff though so it's nice to hear you think it's already good enough.
You are right, it does kinda hide it, it actually kinda looks right in the context of the whole stream. I'm still gonna try to even it out but at least I'm gonna make sure that side stays brighter if one them has to be. That is [Input Overlay](https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/input-overlay.552/), a plugin for OBS. Comes with a bunch of presets including that one. ( I just colored it pink instead of the default yellow, was very easy to adjust ). I'm not sure if I want to keep it but it's something I'm trying out.
Might prevent him from doing it again. If the justice system can't do that I'd take him getting killed over him being free.
I mean I don't really blame him. A man tried to rape him when he was a child, turning to homophobia to cope with it sucks but I can't blame him.
Probably because his first experience with homosexuality was someone trying to rape him. As a child. That shit will unfortunately make you a homophobe.
You didn't see the part where I said that it sucks that this is how it turned out?
How you end up dealing with something isn't always exactly a choice. Hating on people instead of trying to show empathy by thinking about why they might be acting in a certain way is not helpful at all.
Because you said "racists". If you ask "can we do this for a group of people" then I treat your question in the context of most people in that group.
I'm not saying it's a good justification. I'm saying that I understand it and that I can show compassion to him instead of vilifying him.
It's not mutually exclusive? And whatever you think about it doesn't change the context in which this man sees homosexuality.
&gt;we should acknowledge as the wrong way of coping &gt;it sucks I did so idk what you're trying to say.
This is very different from that and I'm not saying it's a good thing, just that I understand and that I don't blame him.
So you think pedophiles are attracted to all children regardless of gender?
White racists confronting a black man who tried to rape them, don't think I've seen that before? This is not a normal day in this person's life. This is them confronting probably the worst moment in their childhood. That's hardly comparable to a person just being racist and it's a legit reason to infer that they might not always act like this.
Just because it's a bad thing doesn't mean we have to vilify him. Abuse messes you up. We should be understanding them and helping them, not judging them.
This isn't accurate, it happened in a nearby area of the sky but that doesn't make it actually near Betelgeuse.
Well it either happens or it doesn't so 50/50
Nothing other than looking cool
You look like a guitar player
You can do it way earlier
just like a brick...?
source?
Exactly, there are no plans that we know of that they will put it on steam.
I mean this basically. It's noticing something and then being like "oh wait" and looking into it.
Yes hook exploit is a thing and they should fix it, what's your point?
He literally did it suboptimally, in more steps, which also lead to him ruining what he was doing. He literally did it objectively badly, but sure, it's just about him doing it differently.
Yup, it happens every time, once you get enough people, the number of people who upvote funny things even if they don't fit is high enough to bring it the front page.
I mean you have to make sure you're ready and available, if you weren't being paid that would be a rip off
You don't even need the link box cable, you could just plug the USB straight into your PC if it came down to it
Sounds like a rip off
He did that by not even acknowledging the new version. Also what new version.
My biggest problems with Cortana and google assistant are privacy concerns and missing functionality, if those were solved I would totally be in.
HPV vaccine or are you talking about something else?
Should men get it? Does it pose a risk for them? Is it a good idea to get anyways to protect women who might not have it?
Neat, I've seen this is my stream summary as a source for one of my viewers, guess someone was using it
I don't even know how
Now all that's missing is Xbox game pass
If I put some russian shit on my base will I get raided less or more by russians?
Only semi-relatedI'm curious how the lurkers feel about time spent on jokes with the non-lurkers. Like when the stream is slow I might not pay much attention to the game and make stupid jokes with whatever 1 person is actually active in chat. I guess of they didn't like that then they wouldn't be lurking.
Copyright Infringement isn't only happening in the VOD, you're doing it the moment you're streaming it.
I use a green screen but I think I've got it down near perfect ( welcome to to check a vod and let me know if it's as good as I think it is ). I think that it comes down to what you're working with. A bad green screen might be better than a really messy room. A nice looking room is probably better than a crappy green screen. If they're both good it's mostly preference. I really like green screen cause it covers less of the game.
How exactly do you think they're making money from all the tiny streamers if they weren't running so many ads?
Looks like testicles to me
&gt; At no point that that commenter say something like, "this is my experience when dealing with cops." It literally says "at least in my experience", are you okay?
Lol as he is pointing out to you this literally exists for YouTube and for Twitch even &gt; Even if it would exist, they won’t hire hoards of people to check whether you really have a license or not What is automation? This literally already exists, are you trolling or dumb?
It literally does, look up epidemic sound and Monstercat. I'm sure there are many others that license music to YouTubers and streamers, those are just two I know off the top of my head. Also you understand that these takedown notices are automated? You understand that it's easy for automation to check the channel against a database of channels that have a license and to not file the claim if the account has a license? It's really not complicated and you must be insanely dense not to get this.
You're presenting your bad argument as if they couldn't check for a license before making the claim.
&gt;Literally what the others are not allowing you to do. That's literally my point? Literally this already exists and other companies could do it?
&gt;No, takedowns are not automated at all. Every DMCA ban is done per hand. They literally are. Even if they were not, whatever employee that's handing them out could check for a license then, they wouldn't be too hire extra people to check as you claimed earlier because those people would already exist making the claims. You can't have it both ways, either the people exist and they don't need to be hired or they don't exist and it's automated and license checking can be added to the automation &gt;No, you can’t automate the checking of a license. The next step is court, my friend. There’s no leeway for anything with the way the law works currently No, court is the step AFTER filing it, that doesn't mean that they can't add a step BEFORE issuing a DMCA notice where they check? How are you just literally ignoring this obvious possibility?!
That's why calling for silence in voice is a sacred thing that should always been followed.
What the fuck are you even talking about? Are you okay?
Yes that was my point. They could. Period. End of discussion. I don't know what the fuck you are talking about because no one said that they would. You just made retarded claims about why they couldn't. I guess now you're changing your argument because you read through my replies and realized how dumb your old argument was.
I actually lost the base cause I messed up opening my airlock :(
I've been trying to entice people to raid them since I still control the 3 doors of my airlock, they've just built up a door behind it lol
I've been trying, lol. I have like 5k sulfur and 100+ HQM inside that I was offering to whoever gets it back but no one cared so far lol
Not a fan of only that entrance and I have the adjacent cave too, I wanted to be able to get over there easily
pretty easy to recreate.
Literally just try to think out loud about what you're doing. The better you are at what you're doing the more interesting it is for the viewer because they can learn from you. As for titles, it's your 1 way to give someone a reason to pick you over other streams, try to think of something that will make them want to click.
once again, you're talking about the numbers on the STREAMERS, not how many viewers. It's still not a metric at all. It still only matters how those viewers are distributed amongst the streamers. If literally all viewers were on 1 streamer and the 2nd place could be had by having 2 viewers, that would be an insanely good category to stream in.
Because you're coming to the right conclusion ("You shouldn't sream in this category") for the wrong reasons ("Too many viewers") which is just bad. why would you want that? It teaches the wrong lesson. OP might learn from what you said, look at your example of when a big streamer goes into a small category which is actually a really good time to stream and go "oh no, I shouldn't stream that, there are too many viewers". Like just learn the right fucking lesson it's not that hard. There is literally no reason to go with your incorrect reasoning instead of my correct one other than that you'd have to face that you said something incorrect so just fucking go with that.
People say this in practically every game
lmao
Oki
Have you never heard of the gender neutral term "homosexual" ?
So just don't keep a lot of loot around so is that raid you they get nothing and you lose nothing.
Why? It would be a bad for there too.
Yes
Yeah it sounds like the way to go is always GGGGYY
I think it's doubtful though if the "matched sub" thing is actually getting them extra or if it's something else like an ongoing subathon. Or have you actually noticed streamers getting increases in gift subs when they match them?
Try streaming at 720p60fps at the same bitrate, maybe 900p if you're feeling spicy. You will not be able to stream high motion 1080p60fps
1. No. Stop. I would hide the view counter entirely. It doesn't update quickly and even if it did you don't want to call people out as soon as they show. If they want to engage with you, they will, if they don't, just pretend they aren't here. Like I said I would just turn off the counter entirely and pretend you have 10 lurkers watching who just enjoy your content without directly engaging with you. 2. It's fine to thank them, don't make it a big deal though. 3. No, do not bother people in DMs. 4. This seems weird. Just say that you'll be right back. People will stick around if you leave for a minute. If you're taking breaks longer than that mid-stream I would reconsider doing that. 5. This is fine and normal.
Yeah but I'm just questioning the efficacy of a subathon with matched subs and without them. Like if people actually sub more just from the matched subs or if it's only cause of the subathon in the first place.
Well you are "breaking even" but really you are giving up part of your revenue.
Affiliate is not as meaningful as some people might make it out to be. It has minimum requirements so not literally every fresh account can apply, but that's basically it. No one at twitch is gonna manually review your account and like see that before letting you in. Also if you didn't do it yourself, I wouldn't worry about it. Ignore it or if it really bothers you, report it to Twitch.
It depends on your discoverability. If no one is finding you then it won't matter if you're spending 1 hour or 24 hours on a stream no one is gonna find. If you have decent discoverability then obviously and extra time spent streaming is extra time you can gain followers.
The original has way better dancing.
Yikes what a fucking cunt.
OBS doesn't use system resources for fun, it uses them because they are necessary. If you can't make it work with OBS there won't be another magical solution that uses fewer resources.
What I really want is channel points rewards that are only active on certain games.
I wouldn't really worry about growing that big though
&gt; if you are playing on a 60 hz monitor but your game is playing way higher than 60 fps then the game doesn’t end up looking smooth because of it. This is not even a thing so I have no idea what you're trying to describe.
I use this a lot cause I'm dumb and don't want to misspell emotes
Either you set a limit or you paused redemptions in the queue. Also if you are offline and it has a per stream limit then it well also be out of stock.
You want to talk to yourself anyways. And you don't want to specifically address a potential viewer either if they're not talking in chat.
Who exactly told you you're supposed to address your potential audience directly the moment it shows up? You're supposed to stream as if you have an audience, but you shouldn't directly address them unless someone is actually interacting with you e.g. in chat.
It's not because they are custom, it's because you set a limit on them.
What do you mean by addressing then?
What it's called is literally just flavor, my DM isn't an asshat, why would he care.
Yeah I get that feat from the False/Razmiran Priest Archetype and that's what my question is relating to.
I'm talking about using it with that feat.
The requirements being basically nothing?
&gt;For a Razmiran Priest the Divine Focus needed for False Focus is an unholy symbol of Razmir. Where did you get this from? I didn't see that anywhere.
I didn't say no focus, please read my post.
I don't know, that's why I'm asking. But Razmir is a Wizard I'm confused how some unholy symbol relating to him would grant the power to cast anything.
This isn't really good advice. There is no such thing as "false numbers" and the more people see your stream, the more likely someone will stop by who enjoys your content.
Following doesn't do anything for you. You need to ask them to keep the stream open when you're live.
No part of your analytics show # of people in chat.
Twitch factors in the age of the viewer. A full viewer is 100 years old. A 30 year old viewer is is 30/100 viewers or 0.3 so you probably had a 40 year old viewer or 2 20 year olds.
What else would it be?
Hmm it could be that it's stuck to his chin, which would explain his fail grab attempt under his lip.
No it doesn't. It should be fine with any 2 framerates. Technically you might not get perfectly consistent framerates if there is a weird mismatch of framerates but it's unlikely to really be noticable.
