Gee its almost like if you stole someone's account you could hop on it and message someone!
You're just being pedantic in the stupidest possible way
Link?
Absolutely
I'm sure it's just something about this picture Honestly I just really wasn't sure if you were 13 or 20, you don't look anywhere near being old or anything, but like you definitely look really young here I think the whole grandma thing is more about the clothes, the wool looking Jacket, single pearl earrings, thick frame glasses This is all just be trying to explain, since OP seemed legit confused, I'm not trying to be rude in the least
The honest to God beat way to describe it, is it's a channel about nothing, not really focused on anybody nor anything It's just that type of person who lives an insanely scripted "reality" life like the Kardashians of YouTube.
I really have no idea, I have a feeling a lot of the "gangsters" were just actors with random guns, probably cheaper and safer than trying to pull on actual gang members from Some of most dangerous gangs in the country
You're welcome. For more updates be sure to smash that MF upvote button
Ok so what happened in rs3 that was so bad? I keep seeing people saying this but not a single person actually discussing it nor what made it so bad
As opposed to a negligible prayer bonus upgrade? I don't think anyone would be terribly upset
What phone do you have
Then you don't know the reliability of their internet well enough to be doing something like the inferno, a task so ridiculously challenging jagex is actually seeking out and removing ill-gotten capes
!remindme 1 day
There's answers now but holy shit that was a shitshow, how does 37 people saying the equivalent of "me too thanks"upvoted to the top response help anyone
What the heck did you just say about me, you little honey bun? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Cutie Patooties, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret tweets on Daddy Trump, and I have over 300 confirmed snookims. I am trained in butter biscuits and I’m the top sweetie in the entire US sugar doodles. You are nothing to me but just another Daddy. I will cuddle you the heck out with warmth the likes of which has never been felt before on this Earth, mark my words. You think you can get away with saying that dookie doo to me over the Internet? Think again, cutie. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of Mommies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the huggie wuggies, deary. The huggies that wipes out the silly little thing you call your meanie doodles. You’re in trouble, Daddy. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can tweet you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in butter boops, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Cutie Wooties Fruity Tooties and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your widdle face, you little cutie pie. If only you could have known what huggie wuggies your little “tweetie weetie” was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your mouthy wouthy. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, honey buns. I will wiggle woop all over you and you will drown in it. You’re really sweet, honey.
Well that's a perfectly reasonable and level headed response beautiful ♥️😍😍😘 Does schnookums need some Lovins??? Come to daddy baby boy, I'll fix you right up ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
The same can't be said about Democrats because the Democrats aren't in Power And if you think mr build a massive tax break wall to keep out the Mexicans so we can destroy our healthcare while we elect a cabinet based entirely on big business who want nothing but profit for their companies Donald Trump is a Democrat, you have no idea what a Democrat is He does absolutely nothing to appeal to Democrats, and is in fact a registered Republican, just because maybe at some point in the past he might have been registered as a Democrat doesn't mean that's where he currently stands on the political spectrum, because he is as insanely far right leaning as you can be without falling into a pool of very red blood pulled from the supporters they fucked over in the process of getting their way. You're delusional, and no matter how much you scream "im right you're wrong LALALALALA" it will never change the fact that YOU. ARE. DELUSIONAL.
He has the highest entry requirements, he absolutely does not have the highest suggested requirements He's not on the high end of high end bosses like raids or inferno, woox kills him only using a few food And the "requirements" you're talking about are 90% skill based, not combat, they shouldn't even be taken into account Literally the only combat requirements are 75 mage, and 50 hp, those aren't even on par with what you should have for zulrah to be efficient Saying it has the highest requirements soley based on the quest reqs are silly, unless those requirements were 80+ in combat it shouldn't even be thought of in that matter when thinking about adjusting the boss because your smithing, mining, crafting, agility, thieving, and construction aren't benefiting you in the fight in and way shape or form The combat aspect of the requirements are the only requirements that should be brought into account when adjusting or judging the boss.
It sucks because rs3 has really gone a fucking ***amazing*** direction with the lore, watching all the gods being tricked by sliske and fighting amongst themselves while you try and keep order of things, watching the generals break free of the godwars dungeon, being blessed by guthix to be the world guardian and keep order among the gods as the only mortal capable of controlling their unrelenting power and have actual influence on their ultimate decisions, going into fally castle and seeing saradomin raise his army in falador castle, see armadyl watching over falador and saradomin from an island in the sky it's just all so good.. the one thing im seriously bummed out about not having that rs3 does, the amazing depth and watching the world fall into a sort of chaos driven by sliske with the gods roaming the world freely preparing themselves to take power, they aren't even in the same age anymore, the death of guthix brought the world into the next age beyond osrs I'd just kill to see osrs get major plot depth like that with real lore and real advancement in the state of the world, it's so good and is an amazing thing to see pass in an mmo, it's such a shame it's wasted on a game too focused on mtx and eye fucking cosmetics to actually get drawn out in a meaningful way these days They went such a crazy awesome direction and just kind of stopped, and we have a team that could really genuinely drive the world of the game into a new direction and new age in a beautiful way, but we are stuck in limbo waiting for rs3 to die, or osrs to find it's own direction Sigh... One day my friends... One day...
I think op wins both by default
Then you don't live somewhere worth looking good
I don't get it
Daddy's 👨 got a hard dick🍆 He'll look👀 around the room, he won't tell you his tricks He's got a 10 gallon hat🤠, wrapped around his cock🍆, it's a cowboy dick🤠 🍆 Yeah made a tasty box of cum☁️, Hidden In his closet it's a box🗃️ of fun things, I don't even know what🤔 But he's cumming☁️ for you, yeah he's cumming☁️ for you All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌, You'd better run🏃, better run🏃, out run🏃 my daddy👨, All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌 You'd better cum,☁️ better cum,☁️ faster than my daddy 👨 All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌, You'd better run🏃, better run🏃, out run🏃 my daddy👨, All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌 You'd better cum,☁️ better cum,☁️ faster than my daddy 👨 Daddy👨 works👔 a long↕️ day He be cumming☁️ home🏠 late🌙, he's cumming☁️ home🏠 late🌙 And he's bringing me a surprise Got cummies☁️ in my pussy🙀 and it's packed in tight🍱 I've fucked for quite a long time🕗 Yeah the size of my puss😾 is now a little bit bigger📏 I reason with my kitty kat🐈, And say daddy👨 says you're neutered✂️, must have lost your dick🍆, yeah All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌, You'd better run🏃, better run🏃, out run🏃 my daddy👨, All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌 You'd better cum,☁️ better cum,☁️ faster than my daddy 👨 All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌, You'd better run🏃, better run🏃, out run🏃 my daddy👨, All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌 You'd better cum,☁️ better cum,☁️ faster than my daddy 👨 All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌, You'd better run🏃, better run🏃, out run🏃 my daddy👨, All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌 You'd better cum,☁️ better cum,☁️ faster than my daddy 👨 All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌, You'd better run🏃, better run🏃, out run🏃 my daddy👨, All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌 You'd better cum,☁️ better cum,☁️ faster than my daddy 👨 All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌, You'd better run🏃, better run🏃, out run🏃 my daddy👨, All the other kids👦 with the pumped⛽ 🆙 dicks🍆😋👌 You'd better cum,☁️ better cum,☁️ faster than my daddy 👨
Oh fuck off with that, vorkath as a boss is perfectly fine, the only thing jagex has been doing wrong with him is the hp changes as a way of changing the difficulty As far as bosses go vorkath is one of the most original, creative, and interesting fights we have in the entire game with engaging mechanics that actually require strategy and not just click, wait, eat, click, wait, eat. Vorkath was never meant to be raids level difficult, he was never meant to be inferno difficult, he's an upper mid level boss on par with gwd, and he is perfectly fine, if not one of the better done pieces of bossing content in the game as far as mechanics go. Stop trying to make everything insanely in depth like olm or like hiding behind a shield while fighting a jad and a mage and ranger like the inferno, this content was never meant to be that in depth nor difficult and it is perfectly acceptable for what it is. I'm willing to bet you've not even beaten ds2 yet though, but I'm sure you're such an authority on good game design and well balanced bossing mechanics for this boss you probably haven't even killed. If you had actually killed him personally and not just watched the most insanely talented RuneScape players in the world doing it you would realize there is no shortage of difficulty or mechanics to keep you paying attention and to punish you, and you'd realize how incredibly stupid your comment is. Quit making judgements based off watching woox stream and actually play the content a bit.
Wouldn't it still just be the normal Max with dharok at the most? It's not like damage scales otherwise dharok would be stupidly op for training
I CAN TELL BY THE PIXELS, IT WAS FAKED CORKATH IS AN INSIDE JOB #REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Impossible, Trump literally cannot criticize himself He'll say the cover is the only part worth looking at, cut it off of the book, and Paste on "Times person of the millennium" on the cover
Magic
[Too late, already going to buy a sick Harley and pop some wheelies in the road before it gets dark out](https://imgur.com/ei8Dbag.jpg)
No I absolutely agree don't take my comment the wrong way, food grade is a good thing and it's important to keep those standards at work, it is your job after all if you're the one doing it, so just do it right. That's why they pay you! I'm purely talking about at home which is where Reddit loves to pretend their house is so clean you could prepare and eat sushi out of their fucking septic tank
I don't think it's as common as you're making it out to be, I think you're overstating a pretty miniscule issue based on the entire "wholesome" trend and attributing it to r/comics
The timer was too short though without a doubt, especially with some of the new areas in mind there's just way too many general use areas that take more than 3 minutes to return to, there should absolutely be places where it's pretty much guaranteed sure, but not just an average pvm non bossing situation. this is absolutely how things should be again but even if it was more like nerfed gravestones? Or even just another minute or two Also RIP ironmen using death to stack food up Really I think rs3 does a good job of death, having to pay based on the value of your items ***or*** being able to run back
You guys are joking right? They literally asked in the conversation if they had email access, ops email obviously was highjacked as well here And if you honestly don't think a hacker with a Target could get ops email, you must not play many online games outside of steam, this kinda stuff happens in runescape all the time where emails are hidden behind your in-game name and there's no reasonable way for someone to find it You realize your usernames are tied to other accounts right? You realize websites have leaks occasionally right? You realize these leaks get dumped for people looking to do exactly what happened here? Op either has their email compromised online or it was found via their username, hacker googles name, searches other websites until he finds one where the email is public, cross-references username with a database dump, or multiple databases and tries leaked passwords until something works, oh look the hacker now has access to your email There's literally fucking websites you can type in an email/username, it'll tell you if there's been password leaks on it, pay $5 for unlimited access and boom everything they could ever want Quit sitting around calling shit fishy when you have zero idea about Internet security, this isn't even remotely uncommon and the only people trolling for karma here are the people saying that a hacker getting email access is somehow fishy when it's literally how this shit happens... Quit talking like an authority on subjects you VERY CLEARLY know ***absolutely nothing*** about and even more annoying, accusing someone of trolling for karma as you bandwagon with stupid ridiculous accusations that show you have not the slightest idea of the subject matter or how these things work
Loot?
That second one is stupidly funny, but also insanely nsfw just so everyone knows
Not until the "logang" is old enough to vote We got a solid 8-10 years
I mean, that's not really a cc for med hunters so much as a YouTubers cc who happens to do clues and holds the highest completed count It's about as relevant to it as you can get without explicitly being for med hunting, but it's still not explicitly for that purpose
I C E N O O D L E C E N O O D L E
It is now
He said, coming back to the game for the first time after 3 years
Yeah the mods are never known to tease/screw with players so obviously there's something hidden they've never bothered to mention with an insanely vague hint as to it's location that covers 25% of the map with no indication even where to start such as digging somewhere It couldn't just be tongue in cheek teasing pre release, no way.
&gt;here me &gt;&gt;Here
Nice
Look at me :D
Not to mention, why do jmod replies suddenly have to be official 100% of the time? Reddit is not their official platform and they are free to say or do whatever they like on here keeping in mind that while of jmod tagged accounts they are a representative of jagex, but they are not required to speak on behalf of the game in general when talking on here.. no one has an issue when modmatk makes joke comments about Emily when people have "legitimate" concerns about her, no one has a problem when kieren or Ronan (the fuck happened to bowlhead btw) come into serious suggestion posts joking around Why is mod West seen in a different light than all other jmods? This is something I've noticed with him, things he says people get seriously worked up about where if it were any other mod they would laugh it off, ever since the whole pride event thing this community seems to have a hard on for trying to get on his case ***None*** of the mods are required to address anything, and there's zero reason people should be getting on their cases because they choose not to directly address certain issues on here, we're lucky they interact with this community to begin with and having them respond is a privilege, not a right.. people seem to forget this and act like they are owed serious responses on any topic they bring up He represents jagex in a way whole speaking on here but he is not obligated to act in a serious manner, and people need to remember this, the only reason he even "represents jagex" when speaking on here is because he is a jmod, not because he's obligated to answer People. He could literally post nothing but emojipasta on this sub if he wanted and it wouldn't matter nor make a difference, because this is not an official platform for jagex even if they are nice enough to treat it like one The jmods are not obligated to respond to literally anything posted on Reddit, we have an incredibly good and lucky thing here and we shouldn't forget that because they could literally stop using Reddit entirely tomorrow, and there's nothing we could do about it. People need to stop acting like they're owed answers on here and like the jmods are required to treat this platform as a place of serious discussion, because the reality is they could just respond to every question with cat fact shitposts and they wouldn't get in the slightest bit of trouble over it. The jmods Reddit accounts are personal social media accounts, they don't have to give them up or change their name after leaving or anything because Reddit is not endorsed by jagex and the company does not handle the jmod accounts nor how they speak, and if Reddit has "bios" like Twitter I'm positive they would mention that the jmods do not speak on behalf of jagex and these are personal, not professional accounts
The bans are completely random so bot makers can't report themselves and track how long they have before a ban then use it to rule down what gets them caught, there's way more to jagex's banning process than people realize, this is probably one of the heaviest botted games in the world, it's important we don't understand exactly how it works, just because you don't see bans happening fast on specific accounts didn't change the fact thousands of accounts are banned a day
Literally no one seriously unironically claims this
&gt;a Reddit Christ, go play your Nintendo dad
Nice
Sucks homie
WE HAVE THE BEST DEPARTMENTS PEOPLE
On the flip side of things, we had a baby born with gastroschisis, and sacred heart was amazing, nearly two months of care and they let us keep him there until we felt comfortable caring for him and he was fully 100% handling his food with no signs of anything going wrong for a week, then sent us home with extra medication to help keep his stomach settled and a gift from the nurses, one of those owlet oxygen monitors which they got after hearing my fiance had lost her previous daughter to sids in the middle of the night, it brought us both to tears and helped us sleep much much better at night knowing an alarm would go off if there was any drop in oxygen or heart rate They just went above and beyond, and I thought it might brighten your day a little to hear something nice instead of negative It's not all bad out there, there is a lot of bad, but there's also a lot of really good people working these jobs and I'm thankful for them every single day I see my beautiful belly buttonless boy
You should probably... Like explore some fetishes or something, everyone should have at least one, fetish doesn't inherently mean weird, but having none is almost weirder than a foot fetish
His post makes a very clear implication, why you would choose to defend that and choose this hill to die on of all things is beyond me
I know my account is only two years old but I promise you I was there, actually you can probably see me in that post still, I'm the guy standing in the corner too nervous to make a comment because I might be called an idiot
!
It would help if players would let shit pass the polls so we could have new items, not saying that's the case here but look at revs, everyone complains about all the alchables after denying 90% of the uniques, then act like they wouldn't complain if the alchables weren't on the table which would make them instantly Dead content. Jagex simply can't win in a lot of these situations
Luring lvl?
It's almost like it takes a scumbag with a sad life to feel the need to troll through someone's comment history so they can find a reason to attack perfectly innocent comments
Pretty much all there is to be said
&gt;/s I can't believe I have to add this But.. you didn't? There's not any comments taking yours seriously and while Reddit can be bad at picking up on sarcasm, I think this one was a pretty safe bet
&gt;im a stable genius Oh for Christ sake sir really? Fine I'll hit tweet but then you have to watch this two minute presentation ok? It was supposed to be 3 hours but we've compressed it to better suit your attention sp... Err it was supposed to be 3 hours but since you're such a genius we think you can get it all in about 2 minutes
Op is busy Fighting himself on r/wincest Nsfw/L
r/raisedbynarcissists
Not getting a car doesn't help either though
Bad bot
Why are you pretending this like this is a r/2007scape thing and not a Reddit thing? That she happens in every single sub, the fact is, like it or not, the downvote button is a disagree button, because it's almost exclusively used for this purpose
Or how about not just jumping from fucking 600k/h to ***FIVE MILLION***? and actually making a reasonable buff?
Do... Do we tell them?
Yeah, poor nieve, who will they kill off next?!!? Jagex would never kill a cute fluffy animal tho... Right...? Right???!!
I love fucking you
Gotta get in Guinness my dude
&gt;did I say anything rs3 related &gt;Too many **rs3** suggestions lately. Those that came from **rs3** need to stop making these and realize the mistakes of **rs3.** Edit: loads of downvotes lol
How awful, how could you be so heartless
This thread is giving me a sinking feeling
Bury it
What's so funny?
Nice
How can they tell that it's pure at all? The title implies it's somewhat usable in its current state, how do they know this?
This is like the last thing I would ever expect to see on Reddit, people actually defending emoji use
Not publicly though in the context of his presidency, he's never gone full blown racist with his talking publicly, he's done racist stuff absolutely but never full on slur slinging, it's only a matter of time before he does and we can see t_ds true colors come out... Maybe when they go full Klan mode Reddit will finally do something about them
👆 😎 👆 Z o o p
r/theydidthefuckyou
He isn't wrong though, automod does automatically remove mass reported comments
Hilarious.
~~cancer~~ Emily lvl?
That top post is fucking hysterical, that look of shock just fucking kills me man
Appearantly not
11 minutes for a ballistic missile is the difference between a horrible fiery death and possibly surviving
Really? None at all? Not even one? Christ it's like you've never even heard of..... Harzer Käse
Lol I'm so fucking done man
People do stupid things when they panic, the simplest example I could really give is someone sees this, gets in their car and starts speeding to get away, causes a crash or crashes themselves resulting in deaths from this message that never would have happened had it not been sent Not direct enough for you? Ok. An old lady sees this message and gets severely shocked, the raw panic from hearing she is going to die is enough a shock to give her a heart attack, emergency service lines are tied up with people asking if it's true and what to do, instead of being able to get help in time they spend too long on hold and end up dying. All because this message was sent out and there an elderly woman into severe shock thinking death was imminent
But... Where does the fourth go?
13 in May btw haHAA Found the guy who comments "lick my karambwans dovydad" on every single a friend video like it's clever, original, or even funny
This was quite literally a fuckup of nuclear proportions
What a euphoric username \*tips reddit*
Bad bot
People talking out their ass on r/2007scape?? Never!
Laziness is the root of invention
450 and 88 for local shipping on s "buy it now wheel" which I. Can only assume is cheaper due to someone cancelling an order... Rule of thumb is if you have to contact someone to get a price, it's prohibitively expensive
If you think I'm spending $200 on a wheel for my cat to sleep on you're out of your mind
Nope, doesn't even make sense in the context of this sub considering the title was based entirely off the subs name Gaybros to insult gay men
I never said it wasn't, I said expecting that to happen Is silly
Yo pass the ~~aux cord~~ mic
Ah yes, because low-mid range computers can play this incredibly well optimized game with so much better graphics /s
Seriously, I might order a backup just for shits and giggles now that I know this
Yep, same stuff we use to wrap palettes of cheese wheels, two layers can hold a few thousand pounds of cheese stacked up about 11 stacks high, 198 wheels in total incredibly reliably, ***highly*** recommend it
Is the Hally really ever used outside of the spec? Maybe the effect should give it an extra spec instead considering That's all most people ever use it for, being one tick faster wont suddenly make everyone wanna use it as a main wel
People saying that something on r/funny was actually funny?? This truly is the darkest timeline
Username checks out, obvious authority on Tumblr
Those "virtual coins" are very real, very valuable assets and I can't fault anyone for panicking, it would be more concerning for someone who has a large stake in it not to be concerned. But my point is that there are other bigger things in life to worry about than money, this in no way detracts from the level of concern they should have over their investments though. Take it easy on them, if your investment tanks 50% and your net worth dropped by half you would be right to panic, but it's at times like this that it helps to look at the good in life as well, while still keeping a healthy level of concern for the bad.
Please stop
God kieren strikes again
A RuneScape streamer named sick nerd who hasn't 8isunload A b0aty stream without the word mate or the number 73 showing up in his chat Mmorpgrs getting an Ely A pker upset about getting a glory OP with a girlfriend
They did respond though.. like officially... They did an internal investigation on Jed doing anything he shouldn't be and found nothing.. And went on to release an official statement on the entire controversy
Gotta go with sword here
Yes, so I imagine they have some severe alcohol habits, which means a tolerance They might not have taken enough actually
Gimme that good succ fam
It isn't really out of nowhere though because it's only been less than two weeks since he last pulled this and got a response there and called out also
You wish
What the fuck I never agreed to a 3-way!!! I'm breaking up with you
Yeah but that doesn't fit into his edgy narrative
Nice
Like someone who's been shot and Is horrified of guns walking into a gun show.. That being said though, people having to walk out doesn't necessarily mean they were complaining, the fact they had to walk out in the first place because it was so realistic is what brings on the infamy, not necessarily anyone complaining, if a movie is setting off PTSD in Mass numbers it's obviously very well done
\^ Emily nudes, get your Emily nudes here!! \^ We also sell needles for prompt eye removal or the more popular alternative, a healthy dose of eyebleach, only 2m a pop! Get it while it lasts!
Oh cmon Reddit have a sense of humor and lighten up, there's no reason to downvote this you're just being petty now, complaining about downvotes gets you downvotes, so does taking it on stride? Cmon now
650k comment karma tends to have that effect
&gt;fluffer Do go on ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Brutal
Fucking health Care workers, of course they lost their jobs they would be putting lives at risk over their ignorance
RemindMe! 4 days "possibly a pile of money and drugs?"
You high? It clearly says 🅱ape, not 🅱ape
You'd believe that if your only experience with them was r/libertarian I suppose, it is a terrible representation of the actual group. Most are at least somewhat reasonable normal people, but that sub is filled with people who seem like they liked Ron Swanson from parks and rec just a little too much and decided "I'm libertarian now" Just like any other political group they have extremists in their group as well who take things way too far
Fuck wikipeta
Speak for yourself
I enjoy stealing It's just as simple as that
Yes, because why not ruin a child's life over a $200 Chromebook
It's either been used for 50 years, or 5 days
/r/bingbongtheorem
Hello, I have quite the stock of karma to choose from
Uhh not really, it was a default, meaning it's pretty much always had a fuck load of subs relative to the rest of Reddit, meaning people have always aimed here to karma whore
/u/silverlight (is that a runescape reference? if so you're my hero) /u/Daynab, could one of you please verify this is safe just so people aren't worried about it?
Ayy
I mean you can, you better be ready for griefers though
You clearly have never met any crackheads
Haha u wild Wyd tho
And you can be one while doing so but yet you seem to doubt it
See the thing about that is..
You can load YouTube on the toilet? I'm stuck reading soap bottles while I wait 5 minutes for that 2mb gif to load God I need a better router
Cattails did something like this not too long ago iirc, telling people they had to pay a fine Edit: [found it](https://youtu.be/4aPv2DEHmzk)
Fireball 2 (when learning it, Before muscle memory kicks in) is harder to pull off than the additions that make it 3, the additions can be extremely sloppy and not even really close and it will work fine It might help if you visit the actual location of 3 so you can see it in 3d, once you know how to do it it's not even remotely difficult, just slow compared to 2. Like I've said the biggest mistake People usually make is making the circles too small, or making the arc behind the B come out too far. Trust me just practice it, once you have a feel for how to draw it out, you'll wonder why you've ever had issues
Ugh, r/titlegore, I fucked that up
Either never or literally any time someone talks back
No you punch the testicles, like boxing but without the gloves, or MMA Why do you think they call it "beating your meat"? You have to push through the pain, once you do you'll experience the most intense feeling you've ever felt, trust me it's worth it. The harder you punch the faster it goes so hit really hard Also taking a video, uploading and posting it in response to this comment will ***really*** get your rocks off
Or... And hear me out, from what I've read it's because no one likes an entitled little two faced fuck niceguy who thinks pussy and money should be handed to him on a silver platter People watch to be entertained, not to see some sad little rat fuck refuse to pay his part and cause drama by pretending to leave when a girl won't fuck him until everyone asks him to come back He's that friend who takes advantage of all of his friends until they get fed up with his bullshit and tell him "were done" then pulls a pity party blaming everyone else for his own shortcomings until they try and preserve the friendship because they genuinely like dude but get sick of his shit sometimes and tell him to come back until the next time he pulls that shit again Eventually they get fed up chasing after him and will let him go, realizing they're better off without him
Hello there
I've known guys like this.. it's not usually that they wanna be badass or their girl wouldn't blow these people off, but they usually have a history of exes cheating on them making them insecure. I try not to fault people like this because it usual comes from deeply ingrained pain. As opposed to trying to be a badass. That's just my two cents though, there's no need for people to act in this manner but it's just their past getting to them in many cases. I've dealt with a lot of cheaters so I feel that pain on a personal level, maybe that's why I'm more accepting, I dunno
This hurts me
Ouch
r/minimalism
Our kid got mad playing his cousins ds and threw it on the ground, mind you this was one of the old school flip DS but the slimmer version, looks like the modern 3ds kinda It ended up breaking the screen so we made him give up his 3ds to him and he kept the old one. Made him save up his own money to buy a new one by doing chores and such around the house (7 years old) He opted out of the DS and saved up for his own switch, just got it last month, actually ended up being pretty damn proud of that kid, and he treats it and his old DS like his baby now, taught him a good lesson and got a new toy to play with in our house after I was forced to sell my old switch when we were in a hard spot. We can't afford any new games for it (he's dying for BOTW) but he's fallen in love with Mario Odyssey in the meantime, Probably one of the better parenting decisions I've ever made, wish I had the money to reinforce his good decisions by getting him new games but regardless it was one of the proudest moments I've had as a father watching him save up and finally hand the cashier that money from his little Spiderman wallet. Really learning these days why my parents would always tell me they couldn't afford new games and consoles and such, wish I had half the discipline that kid does but luckily I grew up in a time where I could go rent N64 games from the video store. I miss those days
Oh I absolutely plan on it.. you should see my quarter sleeve, im a huge Zelda fan since childhood and actively worked to get him into the games Edit: [still got 3 more sessions to really iron out the details, finish up colors, and clean it up a bit making everything sharper, but here you go](https://imgur.com/TZN6m5T.png) Sorry for 🥔 quality, it's difficult to get a picture at this angle
&gt;LONER r/2meirl4meirl Really though, I love how worked up you are over a simple joke. If you don't like these kinds you are on the wrong website bucko, because you'll be lucky to go a thread without one
Well considering this has been done before and is seen as a cheaper and effective alternative, I'd wager they know pretty well how to keep the residents in these villages pretty happy and dignified
Wait what...? I'm confused now, you aren't the guy who was doing it, you're supposed to tell him what to do, I'm pretty sure he was just trying to get you to go north not continue for him
I need at least 100,000 pieces honey #NEXT
I mean, they're real internet points not imaginary, but they are pretty much worthless. That's the thing though, Hear me out here before you smash that downvote button him being credited here changes fuck all. Don't get me wrong he absolutely should be, but considering he's clearly not trying to profit off the photo but rather see it spread and get to the masses. If he truly cared about being credited he would have watermarked it, it's stupid that it's necessary but anyone in his position does already know that it is necessary I'm not defending OP for taking this and not crediting, that is seriously shitty of him to do.. but taking the focus off the actual subject matter and turning this into a thread about "fuck OP" defeats the entire purpose of him sharing this openly, to get people talking about this act of defiance against Trump who revoked his invitation to the eagles for kneeling during the anthem (something literally none of them have done except one person in pre season who was cut) then Sanders going on to try and shift the blame saying they rejected it as a political stunt, which I'm sure it's the narrative that will be blasted all over T_D and Fox news. The photographer clearly just wanted this to reach far and wide, he knew it would be taken without credit, and OP just crossposted this from r/politics where another user had taken the image without proper credit and posted it, it doesn't make it any better but it doesn't seem like he was being intentionally malicious or trying to steal credit from anyone of you look at his comments he asked the other OP if he should credit him. All that aside the focus should remain on the subject matter and not OP, that's what the photographer clearly wanted, to get people talking. Like I said it's super shitty not to credit him, but that's clearly not what he's worried about here. In the age of click hungry bullshit and "YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT THIS MAN DID AT THE WHITE HOUSE" articles, it's incredibly refreshing to see someone like this who just wants people to see what he saw, and doesn't care about driving clicks Edit: OP also cropped it evidently, that makes this look a bit worse on him [here's the full picture](https://i.imgur.com/t8kqzAx.jpg)
Flair checks out
I fucking hate both of you, I know it's a joke but Christ I can't take it
Idaho, not sure about the blooms
Yeah I can do that. I'll dig stone and see if I can find a more mature one as well
Copy pasting from another comment. I could be mistaken on them being the same but they look incredibly similar [if I'm not mistaken these are the same plant](https://imgur.com/a/7zzIcEW) Having a hell of a time pulling up any bulbs on this one though because it's surrounded by sharp raspberry thorns and I don't have any gloves on hand
It took me a second but I can 100% make him out. That being said, surely there has to be a higher quality picture of this somewhere.. is this just jpegged to shit? Or ridiculously zoomed in? Picture taken of a TV? I can't tell Edit: so I looked it up and dude is wrong (in questioning it), it absolutely is him, there's a billion and a half YouTube videos and articles about it. So OP didn't personally find it, cool Easter egg regardless. Apparently references to him are pretty popular, he's also in Beetlejuice, James and the giant peach, apparently also princess and the frog but that one's questionable.. he's also on the mad hatters hat in Alice in wonderland, finding Nemo, and a reference to the movie in sleepy hallow, but not directly him. There's definitely no shortage of references to him in popular movies, that's not particularly surprising though
The original content didn't say he was the most skilled of RS, it said he was the god of RS, which maybe he is the modern god, but he'll never reach zezima levels of Fame, anyone who played this game back in the day knew and aspired to be like zezima, without him even attempting to gain Fame or publicity, just by being The Best player back in the day. At the end of the day the current "god" is subjective, but over the span of the entire games life zezima is objectively the original god of the game
Imagine if he had 4 more woox 🤔🤔 final boss would commit sudoku
🤔🤔
If I was stuck in a ball sack again instead of living I would be sooooo happy
I couldn't care less if he bought the cape or not, nor if he just wanted to mess with people. but not he's going around crying about how he's being witch hunted and showing how "salty" everyone by being downvoted. He actively tries to turn the community against him by doing something immoral and against the rules, then cries on Reddit and Twitter about how toxic or salty the community is "over being trolled" and pretends it has nothing to do with the fact he actively attempted to make the community hate him, then he cries about how there's a "witch Hunt" [one that he purposely incited](https://i.imgur.com/n8umjWj.png)
Imagine using twitch emotes on Reddit
Mine usually have a lining of peanut butter, I'd be great at this!
[dying light Easter egg spoilers in this link](https://youtu.be/_-YA2qmxid0) Nothing will actively lead you to this Easter egg just so you're aware, it's not particularly spoiling anything story wise but it will prevent you from the fun of finding it on your own, and getting the ridiculously fun blueprint and hilarious Easter egg within
Errm HYYYUUP!!
WOOX WINS AGAIN and people say he isn't carrying
I love how you even counted the characters
I swear to God I wouldn't even be surprised if this is his campaign slogan
If doesn't matter what you do, when it comes to Reddit if you don't do the most prohibitively expensive thing, or do it like some 80s stereotype of a "manly man" you're doing it wrong. Drink the most popular beer in the world? Everyone calls it pisswater. Don't put crushed grounds and boiling water directly into your mouth? It's not coffee Don't eat your steak completely raw with a tiny sear on the outside? You ruined it and obviously have the palette of their 5 year old picky eater If you try and please the internet with trivial bullshit you'll always fail, because you're always doing it wrong
You realize that only around 10% of the userbase actually participate in comments, right?
# r/trees: Hitting one for my boy, miss you dude *50k upvotes*
Yep, some people like to shit on stuff like this but it doesn't hurt anything and is a really nice tribute
Well this is on PC so if you really want money that bad literally hold a key down in a public lobby overnight, and you'll wake up with a stupid amount of money. The worst they'll generally do is remove the raw cash you have but not the stuff you bought. I played for two days and bought literally everything worth buying, about a month later they notified me they removed my cash but I already had everything I wanted regardless
I mean, sure. Put some everclear/grain alcohol in there and you could achieve this
For you.
I miss the slow your roll a friend
There's that true Reddit spirit!
&gt;My Anime girlfriend through Facebook I'm sorry to tell you but that waifu body pillow you bought on Facebook does not count as a real girlfriend, regardless of what your mom told you
And not to mention the fact that 95% of people going to twitch to watch runescape are going to watch old-school, the only exception being Dev streams.. So why is twitch trying to shift the people who actually get views on this category instead of the smaller guys? I'm not trying to be petty or say it isn't nice but the runescape section basically is the old-school section going purely by numbers, and even total streams. There's a few rs3 streamers who do ok, but it would be arguably beneficial for the smaller guys if they went surrounded by OS streams. Why not make an official rs3 section instead? If they got the Dev streams to jump ship to that section it would take off well enough and bump up the numbers. And it's way less stress trying to move a few smaller rs3 streams with a few hundred viewers than the game that hits 30k+ viewers on big releases, and consistently has thousands of viewers It just makes more sense to me personally, but it's whatever honestly, it doesn't hurt anyone either way it's done because it won't be utilized either way
Wait... You can disconfirm they weren't this mean? Meaning they were this mean? Or you can disconfirm they were this mean, meaning they weren't this mean?
Yeah but it's traditional to bitch about things not actually being 4 panels, then someone inevitably quotes the rules where it says it doesn't need to be 4 panels
Oh mosby
Psh well yeah dinosaurs actually existed but she's never fallen through a roof before, it's easier to make something that existed realistic than something that never happened, it's basic science stuff
This sub lets me down almost as much as I let my parents down so I can't say im surprised
Seriously, since when is flair reserved for mod grammar Nazi boner satisfying
FBI: don't fucking move
Truly the dankest timeline
Did you just tell him to suck someone's dick with a condom on?
Off to r/4chan I go, wish me luck and check my comments for responses
Sure, that will be $22
Yeah the character models need help, this gif is insanely misleading as to the graphics of the game though, priff is an incredibly good looking area, this is just a ridiculously low quality gif
His clicks are fucking nutty
Two types of people. Grandma I'd like to friend, Grandma I'd like to fuck
Me too thanks
I can't fucking wait to turn my game room into a room game
BRB, I have to cut something for my nose with this ~~razor~~ scalpel
Lol. What kind of loser would post an upvote comment? Please get this reply to the top reply.
This comment makes me feel entirely new levels of apathy. Congrats.
Just type in "r/unexpected(pretty much any popular thing you enjoy)" There's thousands of them r/unexpectedrunescape r/unexpectedgot r/unexpectedunexpected
I mean, if I had to make a choice ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
No thank you
Me irl of too me irl for
Reddit wants to believe whatever stirs up more drama, because half this sub likes to bitch about ice way more than they ever liked watching him
Uhh u/stabbot
Oldschoolrs
Blatant shitty downvote troll, don't engage, don't downvote, just move on
Russia would love to pay for it, just for the fact of how fucking ridiculously stupid it makes the president of the United States look for ever having said it, to make sure it stays a hot topic in world news. How in the ever living actual fuck did we get to this point?
B...bubbles?
I'm more amused by the fact that doing your nails now requires fucking powertools
These fucking comments, think about this logically for two seconds You either A: have your phone stolen, and never have it returned period, also like it was completely broken Or B: have this guy save your phone, get it back, and likely get it replaced without the hassle of losing all your data if you didn't have backups, or having to redownload or all if you did The choice here is incredibly obvious, Christ people are so ridiculously entitled "oh thanks for saving my phone from a thief, I know I would have gotten nothing back if you hadn't but my screen is cracked now instead of losing it entirely so fuck you"
Op actually has a massive r34 scat porn and public shaming fetish, we activated his trap card, and his fap card
No but really this is fantastic, great work
DUN DUN **DUNNNNNNNNNN**
Well I mean you throw fuel, but on the flip side what's stopping the water drone from washing it off Also on the note of the water, let's just assume professional grade drones designed to handle weight and hooked to a hose for a somewhat limitless supply, but all you have to do is screw up one of those rotors temporarily and the flame drone comes down like a rock Now that I'm thinking about it why the fuck isn't professional drone fucking a thing a la robot rumble??
So i know this is an unpopular opinion, but I genuinely hate these "I'm live on twitch" videos, I understand that they are helpful to YouTubers and that's fair enough, but I really really dislike twitch personally and I enjoy youtube videos, a solid 55% of the people im subbed to also use twitch because YouTube has fucked it's creators out of revenue.. and I hate getting hyped for a new video because when you get notifications a lot of people use a generic title then change it after such as "video x" it always bums me out clicking one excited then hearing "I'm live on twitch come hang out" I get that this is an unpopular opinion, and probably even a bit selfish of me, but I'm somewhat glad to see it won't be happening anymore. I know I'll probably be downvoted for saying so and that's fine. But I just don't enjoy livestreams much personally.. I don't hate the YouTubers for doing it.. I ***fucking hate*** that YouTube has fucked it's creators so bad that the people I watch are forced to migrate to livestreams because YouTube is hell bent on a completely politically correct overly sensitive platform
What are you talking about, like the top 3 posts at the moment are jokes about dude being dead
If you use Reddit to any degree you have 100 karma, that's just a fact.. to be sitting at under 100 with any decent amount of activity you have to consistently be a dick to people. You can gain unlimited karma with a single comment, but you can only lose 10-15 karma regardless of how downvoted your comment gets, it's set up that way purposely to prevent brigading. It's not like you can get 500 karma then suddenly lose it all because you made one controversial comment. You have to consistently be a dick or be downvoted. If you have 1500 karma for example it would take ***literally 100 bad comments*** to get back down to 0, even if all those comments were downvoted 10000 times each. There's really no excuse unless you're consistently trolling for downvotes. Getting 100 karma is stupidly easy. Losing 100 karma takes actual effort
Because it's vastly slower and way less precise and if you want to snag up a rare name you need to be quick as all fuck because they're released in chunks by letter
Necrophilia is actually a casual hobby of mine so this is just a bonus for me ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ^^^^^^^^^^^/s
#OH MY DAYS I HIT 2 MORE DAMAGE THAN A TENT WHIP
Zulrah scales are spiking like a motherfucker also, I was just buying them for 160-180 a couple days ago now they're running around 215-220. They just keep going up I'm really hoping a bunch of people won't read this far in my comment and go buy a metric fuckload and all try to dump so they crash back down
#*framed's fake laughter screech including sparc mac tryna eat his ass cutscene*
#N-NANI?!
What is last Man standing to you exactly?
It still amazes me that apparently I comment there enough to get recognized out on the wild occasionally
How you doin fam
Nice job idiot, first you break the g.e., now the servers /s
Twitch.tv/sicco_blue :) that's super nice of you to ask man Edit: thank you so much to the two people who followed me, y'all are amazing
Twitch.tv/sicco_blue, that's super nice thank you :) Edit: thank you so much to the two people who followed me, y'all are amazing!
Because everything has to be "smart" now for some stupid reason.. they're even putting touch screens and custom operating systems or Android variants on fridges now for Christ sake
I'm from Idaho so naturally Im filled with potatoes.. what does that count for?
But... You guys just counted down the missing money.. you should have been counting up, the value getting lower means more money was accounted for... If the rat ate $20k, there's 20k missing, if the rat ate less.. there's less missing.. are y'all just ridiculously honest paying the money back out of your own pocket?
Oh God damnit
Seriously, my dog suddenly got a grains/corn allergy. Have you ever tried finding fucking dog food without grains/cornt?? We're now paying $50-60 a bag.. and I'm not talking about a huge bag, I'm taking small/medium
Zed
Construction lvls?
Dudes also pretty damn wrong, this is one of the absolute biggest smash communities on the internet, this will be seen by not only players but also organizers and such, and might help make an impact in other places Honestly if this gets just one single person to get better about personal hygiene, (which odds of that happening are better than it not happening) then this post was absolutely worth it.. but it could have a legitimate impact within other comminutes as well triggering rules being put in place or people deciding to clean up before going. Absolutely also email your local community but don't let these trolls get to you, you did a service in posting this and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. This is a legitimate good message for all communities with events to see, because it shouldn't even need to be said, but unfortunately it has to be said occasionally. Good on you for posting this OP. keep on smashin
My 1 year old sleeps until 10/11 every morning. I feel pretty damn blessed about that
If you really think about it ags specing is the 360 noscoping of osrs
&gt;my pet razorblades just love my cooler, I couldn't tell you why
E
r/tsunderesharks are the real sexual predators
Seriously what the fuck? Usually Reddit is blowing up with celebrity deaths.. and considering how much this website loves cracking jokes about them I'd have thought for sure we would see the died on here
This guy gets it
Will it be Dandruff, sweat spritz, or finely aged fermented nut cheese? Eh you know what, you decided to be selfish, so I'll give you a lesson in generosity and give you all three!
Ha! Gottem!
God damn that sound brings back memories
Just using too much energy riding that dick to think logically
r/kitchenconfidential's name takes on a whole new meaning ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Fun fact, there was a Netflix disk back in the ps2 days as well [Here's a video showcasing it](https://youtu.be/zuzbA4qLXMM) Unfortunately it's just running off an external HDD, the actual disk is like stupidly rare, if I remember correctly it only released in Brasil? My memory is fuzzy on it
So why does it make more sense to send it to an artist who very likely didn't even see this post than a staff member who is in the post and can make sure it gets seen by the right people
Support
Seriously, he is vastly overestimating this subs attention span
It's somewhat tongue in cheek but to be completely fair, I legitimately did just play it through for the first time ever
To be fair this is a 60 second gif displaying his fps at these settings
So I'm genuinely curious, pretty much all subs are doing these r/all comments now.. does telling people to follow the rules actually make them you know.. follow the rules? Seems to me that if someone comes with the intent of being an ass they will do it regardless, do you guys actually see a drop in required moderation after implementing these comments?
Fair enough, thanks for the response
There's actually a big push from the playerbase right now to just make rs3 free if they wanna cram all this bullshit in, seems runepass was the final straw with it, honestly I agree, they make way more from mtx than membership, and coming to the mobile market soon™ they should either just make it entirely f2p, or a one time flat out purchase of like $20 for permanent full access, I really feel like if that was the case people would be much more forgiving of all this bullshit, but you can't charge a monthly fee, then have another $40 a month in extras just to get everything they offer that should have been free in the first place. Shit runemetrics is a fucking paid service that doesn't even work properly
Not particularly, but a certain level of cynicism is already healthy. If I was craving attention I'd be much more responsive but more im just bummed out, and no one I can take to face to face would really understand like the actual community behind it would. It was more to vent and actually write it out more than anything ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ but you're going to believe what you want to believe and I won't try and change that. Also happy cake day man.
Knowing Reddit they would probably just rather outright ban nsfl content entirely before they would add something to protect users while still allowing it.. especially with their push to become another generic social media platform but with aggregation based viewing
Seriously, Christ Almighty... How the fuck do people propose that jagex protect players from leaking their personal IPs..? No one is pulling this information from the game... Blame those shitbags in RoT
You're god damn right, see if you assassinate them right after the tweet you get caught, you wait 5 years and you're golden
I'm so proud of you ಥ_ಥ
And promptly forget about it, not remembering for months until it's buried too deep for you to ever find again
Fuck off
You joke, but looking at the shitshow in pink in the background.. I wouldn't even be surprised if this is the truth, she looks like the kind of lady you see forcing their child into pageants
Seriously, I want this dudes artist
There's also r/GTAGE (Great taste and great execution)
So 4% lol
It's almost as if there's subjectively bad taste and objectively bad, and most people assume the former is the latter
Not to mention, how often I see the whole "adulted today" thing on Reddit is fucking mind boggling, it's not a Facebook event m exclusive thing
This is just the reality of modern sales, they have too much product flying around the world that it just doesn't even remotely make sense to check out every single return, especially if it came back looking clearly like it hadn't been opened, it makes way more sense from a business standpoint to just let the products run their course and possibly have a fraction of a percent of your customers end up in a situation like this, then take care of them when it does eventually come up, than it does to hire more people to check every single thing coming back in or going out of your warehouses. What really matters here is that when the issue arose, they didn't seem to fight OP on it, they just fixed it and moved on
Oh
Why would you do that? Post them to r/oldpeoplefacebook and reap your daddies sweet juicy karma
Do you not log on after laying log?
Excel.. Excel never changes..
yes
This is one of the few that I don't really think it's that crazy to not catch as a joke, this is a solid example of Poe's law, it tried so hard and succeeded in mocking them exactly as they are generally posted, and even makes an explanation for the same clothes. Everyone here is shitting on op, but this is such a solid example of Poe's law I'd be willing to bet at least half these people would have fallen for it also had they not had the advantage of a comment section filled with people calling OP out. Reddit has a way of making it seem like everyone and their mother understands or knows certain things, when in reality it just takes one person calling it out and being upvoted for 100 more to jump on and act like they knew better.. This is one of the few where I'd say cut him some slack. The joke isn't blaringly obvious in this one, especially when you look at the real examples of people trying to pull this shit
Not to mention, my point wasn't the fact it looks realistic, my point was that so insanely many of these posts look so ***unrealistic*** that this just does a good job at being either example of other people not understanding that working out isn't going to give you a Kim Kardashian ass, only surgery will do such a thing.
(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
Minorities : OPPRESSED
I enjoy this format
W E E B
Tf dude you alive or what, classes don't last this long
What is gsd
I just can't believe how jpegged this already has gotten
[indeed](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/373/542/a75.jpeg)
Me too thanks
You're right, it'll fit nicely on a stack of 50,000 100lb gold bars
It's been 17 minutes, he must have tried coding because he obviously committed ~~git~~ sudoku
He's basically been commenting for 5 hours straight Makes me damn proud ಥ_ಥ
What are you talking about? A tire can be unusable without being completely busted up. Out of everything to call a post fake over, this has to be the most petty reason I've ever seen
I disagree with your disagreement, and I'm a much much more expert redditor
How in the ever living fuck is this gaming anyways? For one it's a meme, for two it's a fucking tattoo of a meme, for the the meme didn't even originate from a fucking video game
Whoa there bucko I think we all know this isn't true Flex glue is waayyy too high quality to sniff, the vapors alone would instantly seal your airway, ***EVEN UNDERWATER***
"I'm now the CEO"
Yeah but I have a habit of pushing in where im not wanted Like my life
Considering the dog can hop up and facefuck enemies with a knife, I'm gonna go with yes
Yeah but how am I gonna stick a camera under the stall in their bedroom? Gotta get those sweet voyeur views on pornhub that are totally and completely real voyeur
Yes because what better way to prepare for a child than to destroy your main source of income
Wait there's polar bears?
Ok I just need to know what the hell is sps and why do I give a fuck that they approve a post
Me too thanks
And it turns up volume within windows, the game won't boot without special headphones that checks that you're wearing them at all times, if you try and remove them if deploys double barbed thumbtack sized harpoons at 50mph
Oh..
Is anyone poor enough to explain what's going on here to a non player since early launch?
Let's play: terrorism or saving the country
Can someone explain the practicality of an igloo to me? Modern media led me to believe people live in these things but is it more of an oh shit kind of shelter? If not how do they keep warm? I know snow is a good insulator but obviously a fire wouldn't be practical
Eh, my dude is much much funnier imo, this just screams "I'm still not actually allowed to use cuss words" The owl is kinda funny, but I really just don't get the humor behind "I made this thing that wouldn't usually cuss, cuss" be it this, or cross-stitch that says something like "fuck off" or whatever else. I don't mind cussing in the least, but I do think it's somewhat trashy to have a cross-stitch hanging up that says "go fuck yourself" and this is coming from someone who probably cusses a bit too much
Hahahaha so this is what? Attempt number 47,586,782? Of someone highly upvoted telling Reddit not to purchase games for this reason or loot boxes? Can literally anyone give me one example of this ever genuinely hurting a major publisher? And I know you want to, but don't you dare say star Wars battlefront 2, because after the "massive drop" in e.a stock everyone on here furiously masturbated to, it shot back up higher than ever, but of course no one on here saw that The fact is the commenters only make up an absolutely tiny fraction of Reddits users, and even if we got every single person who saw this comment to boycott this practice with 100% success, we wouldn't even fucking scratch their bottom line. The only chance this ever has is semi working is if major media outlets pick it up and even then the chances are slim
What do you think I am? Some kind of non lazy person?
&gt;ironman mode Btw
🅱️eter explain this
This is a comment
If this is a legit question, my honest answer is yes. I don't find many games that entertain me much anymore but kenshi is so stupidly open ended without so much as a story to drive you in the right direction, pretty much anyone can find something to do Be a drug producer, be a warlord, be a thief, be an archaeologist, build a city, start a resource mining business, be a hunter, be an armor crafter, be a weapon Smith, start a fucking crusade against a pseudo Christian Church Do all of these at once, whatever floats your boat
Let me know what you think of it, I'm having a blast
Unless he isn't there, in which case he gets 7000 messages from comment mentions per minute
*waves hand* he is alive and well, willingly sleeping 6 feet underground
Seriously, you think you're clever by trying to play it off as a joke but you're actually just breaking Reddits self promotion rules and making yourself look like a dickhead
Me as well, you're well on your way to wasting years of your life, just like me
I'd like to be the assistant prosecutor
That mostly sounds like a case of the mods being right pricks, that's the thing about open moderation, it's entirely at an individuals discretion so if one person has seen it before it might get that flair which can dramatically hurt a posts performance because people don't bother to click it
Seriously be careful, this is a good way to get ban a permanent on sight on your accounts or anything promoting your business, this is one of the few things Reddit takes seriously, if you want to heavily advertise with posts they want your money first. Then they'll make you an ad that looks like a highly upvoted post. Kind of shitty they do it in such a way with the deceptive posts, but what can you do. (just as a point I like the posts, this is just coming from an unbiased point of view, wouldn't want you punished
I remember when imgur would just give you that link by default.. sigh.. it was made because there was no good simple image hosts, now we need an imgur imgur to replace the monstrosity it's become Don't get me wrong I understand that their hosting and bandwidth isn't free, but Christ if they're essentially building a Reddit clone they should follow Reddit practices such as gold, not just completely fuck up the one beautiful, simple, and Mass accepted host Reddit has aside from their own which is awful at the moment. Imgur 110% has Reddit to thank for even being inspired to exist in the first place, not to mention driving probably 99% of their traffic for most of their existence before they built a community, it sucks to see them turn their back and make it ridiculously complex just to get a simple image for Reddit, the entire reason imgur came into existence to begin with
I'm glad someone understands
Sure would, put that tbow back to a distant dream
Not to mention, acting like a "superior" dickhead only serves to hurt your overall goal, if you sit there and shit on people who regret their choice to vote for him, you only serve to push them back the other way when you treat them like shit over being conned, by a professional conman. You want to change minds? Welcome them with open arms, don't treat them like fucking idiots, they are grown men and women, not children, and they can do whatever they damn well please, which includes making the decision to move back to their party because the other side treated them like children or morons after they realized their mistake Acting like that is something a diehard Trump supporter would do, to prove how "bad" the Dems are and how "welcoming and friendly" Trump's cult are
ಠ_ರೃ this is creeping a little too close to r/vore territory for my liking
[I'm just glad it wasn't me](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/bvayi2/_/epo1nyn)
no
[better than shitting directly into your hand](https://youtu.be/Ba8-Vjn2a8c)
Yeah I'm pretty sure everyone believes he's a bit slow due to his stories
Been meaning to try something more intense with it, since I've gotten it I've basically just played osrs and nothing else, just gotta save some money to get a copy of the Java version
You've never overdosed.
Lol
My cakeday also happens to be the birthday of when my life went to complete fucking garbage
No but really, can we go back Alternatively, does anyone wanna murder me? Promise I won't tell
r/yesyesyesno+nonononoyes+nononoyesno+maybemaybemaybe Enjoy my dude, don't look at sub names and enjoy the ride
r/suspiciouslyspecific
This is so sad can we hit women and children
F|_|CK
I didn't realize people did it off other surfaces in the bathroom... Or pretty much anywhere they are at this point, you basically have something as good as a mirror in your pocket 24/7
Seriously just buy the fucking paint
Some cats are actually allergic to humans
F
Lmae
Where were you when Garfield bad I was on red I read comment "Garfield bad" "no"
Just doing a general copy paste for you here, simply put, if you've seen the episode of South Park on it, they aren't joking when they go into the beliefs, for the most part anyways &gt;Scientologists believe that people are immortal alien beings (called thetans) who have forgotten their true nature and are trapped on earth in a human body. Scientologists believe that each thetan has lived numerous past lives, both on earth in our physical bodies, and on other planets. Scientologists also believe that by undergoing a series of classes and teachings (called auditing by the church), people can free themselves of their human form and reclaim their true selves.
You're right, this is not safe for losers Move over mate, lemme get a bite of that slimy clamsicle
🦀HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOD ARCHIE🦀
Booo
[Macarena](https://imgur.com/LBAxNPt.gifv)
If you wanna live in a place like new york or LA sure, but there's a much longer, much sadder story behind a majority of the violence that couldn't be fit into a single comment unfortunately, simply put massive corruption, drug abuse, the war on drugs, intense racism, white flight, the list goes on and on and on, all hugely contributing factors to the world we see today, it's actually an incredibly fascinating and depressing subject if you really look into it, we have such a beautiful past filled with corruption and RICO style crime At the highest levels of local government of these violent areas. This countries most iconic cities and the aftermath of their modern foundation settling is such a beautiful Trainwreck, it's absolutely amazing to learn the factors beyond the availability of guns that led to these statistics If you want some easy and incredibly entertaining listening on the subject, the podcast crimetown has covered buddy cianci and his mob connections that got him elected for their first season (although this one doesn't really cover the violence aspect so much as the corruption, the second season is about Detroit and a few corrupt mayors there, it really goes into just how bad Detroit was ravaged back in the day, it's amazingly produced and incredibly enthralling I will say, I enjoy the first season much more, especially the robbery stories, that's just me though
Seriously, a million goes missing? It's a fucking fraction of a percent no one will ever notice, but in reality is massive money Get your bids, get shit figured out, you're fucking Notre Dame with billionaires backing you, no one is going to question you if you can afford it even if you don't have anything yet
r/tihi
honeybees are okay, but it seems to me Most bees are little war machines, they release this pheromone not unlike a police siren/radio to call for backup because they're little bitches that wont fight fair That's right u little fukin pricks fight me 1v1 and I'll Capitol R Ruin your striped assess all day long, shit bring out the whole hive one after another and I'll rub the pheromone on ur fukin queen and kill her with her own idiot child's stinger, instead you goofy faced fucks have to be like "oh let's just attack him by the hundreds we'll show this cunt who's boss" and bite his dumb ass for looking in our general fucking direction because how else could we be bigger fucking assholes in this world than ruining someone's god damn week for daring to stick his dick in our hive to see if it's like a living massage wand Like fuck man just let a guy do his thing
Yes and no, it's been posted on copypasta before, but I came up with it originally, and like to bring it back out every few months
#SOME
Subway has salad? And soup?
Or a thousand other games
Me too thanks
It's okay buddy, I'm also disappointed at his astonishing lack of pictures
Do you have any examples?
r/subreddithashtags
Maybe you should post this there
Pretty sure she'd be the one sneaking out at night then suddenly shipped off on "vacation" with family for 9 months
Onions don't have layers, they have tiers
We're so close dude, we basically just swapped on processor and GPU for the grade of hardware we wanted! Ryzen 7 2700x EVGA 2070 and 32gb of Corsair Vengeance LPX
Imagine having less than 500k chins at any given time Do you even efficiency m8
Here before cock lol
Nice
I feel kinda bad about this one honestly, dude obviously isn't all there Or maybe he's in the next plane of enlightenment, who forcing knows man That being said I've basically written a fucking report on this dude before [picture in question](https://i.redd.it/525iaxtod0e21.jpg) No but really, like genuinely, what actually is this? Why did the magic man appear? Why did the magic man care about the amount of urine in her bladder Why did the magic man decide to send him into her bladder? Does he have a mission to complete within the bladder? Provided he doesn't drown in her bladder because she had a meeting or something, what happens when he exits the bladder? Will he simply be flushed down the toilet? Does she use a toilet? Will he remain tiny and forever lost in the big old world if she doesn't somehow notice she just urinated out her husband? Will he somehow return to his normal size upon being urinated out? Or is his wife simply massive enough that he remained the same size upon being placed within her bladder There are some serious plotholes and cliffhangers I take legitimate issue with here, but this just might be my new favorite anime #MAJOR QUESTION ANSWERED EDIT! I've done some research into the lore of this beast, you see on December 26th, 2018 at approximately 7:15 AM (Early riser this one, would expect nothing less) he requested that the sapphire weapon from final fantasy 7, swallow him whole because he finds her sexy, and I quote "The entire [sic] world is scared of her, and when I saw her told her she was sexy." Now why is this important you may be asking yourself at this point ***WELL***, our hero here goes on to explain that the sapphire weapon has only the second worst odds at successfully vomiting him up before he is digested, you see because the sapphire weapon is so big, it only takes about a minute for him to be digested. Now the sapphire weapon is second only to who exactly in terms of the low chances of his survival.. #HIS WIFE RESHIRAM Therefore we can deduce from this information that his wife must be bigger than the sapphire weapon, meaning he could easily fit into his wife's bladder at full size Unfortunately, he did not survive this encounter with the sapphire weapon though, so he is currently deceased, due to being digested by a video game monster in the midst of some extremely strange vore thing Yet somehow, this post above came after his unfortunate digestion, so I pose this theory to you, the users of r/tendies, IS THIS POST IN FACT MADE BY AN EVIL CLONE?! I THINK SO!
You could make a religion out of this
It's so sad to see him out of his true element
RemindMe! 4 hours
Subutex and razors actually Also to be fair, fentanyl is a pretty god damn good stress reliever provided you know how to use it or have it pre dosed
Exactly, could take a fucking screenshot of this post and post it with the title "seeing this every god damn day"
I tried http://i.imgur.com/5gEN6fZ.jpg https://i.imgur.com/r3NyPrb.jpg https://i.imgur.com/NNvDX6p.jpg I don't know where the hell he found these "hundreds of high res images" because I can only really find these few somewhat crappy ones, but you can make some stuff out Granted, I only did a quick search on mobile, the options for Google on desktop might have helped ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ You can make out a good chunk on the first picture Op would be doing history a BIG favor if he took the time to get high res high quality images of this table, or if he has the patience, each article I am willing to give u/evanArcher Platinum if he responds to this comment with some high quality pictures ***EDIT:I should clarify this offer is specifically extended (from myself at least) to op, and only op, or anyone else with one of these tables that is willing to do so, I'm not looking for what's currently around the internet for this offer***
You can't gild a comment more than once, so it should be made clear this would have to be spread out over multiple places, so people don't think you're lying If you actually do that is
These aren't any easier to read the smaller text, there's a reason I want specifically op to do this, he has the opportunity to provide vastly higher quality versions than what is currently on the internet, it would be wonderful for internet archival purposes, and would likely be extremely useful for places like Wikipedia
That's the issue, you won't find a high quality and completely legible picture on Google images I don't know about the others offering, but mine specifically only applies to anyone who has access to one, and can provide original and high quality photographs
If you insist, meet me at magebank
So close.. so damn close
Just jumping in to say, you can also eat kiwi skin, and it's actually really nice
No
That's awesome, big Bloons fan? Been one of my favorites for years
Are Sundays ever not?
Please don't encourage this asshole
Please no
🎶 if he could speak? He would say, Fuck yourself feed me now,🎶
No he's a karmawhore And coming from me of all people, that's saying something
Also fuck that guy for lying with his stupidly dangerous actions he's lucky didn't kill someone He deserves some jail time for that lie alone, then some more for the accident
#CLAP LOUDER GOD DAMNIT HOW ELSE WELL THEY KNOW IT'S FUNNY
!Invest THE WHOLE PORTFOLIO NI🅱️🅱️A 😂😂😂
I love the thought of a trump supporter doing this considering there's many an article saying hundreds of people have said he doesn't pay his tabs/bills Cheap trash is as cheap trash does
Absolutely, those are people that actually sympathize with their wait staff and their need for tips Not going to get into the whole "tipping" debate here, just saying it's a reality unfortunately and it's nice to see some owners trying not to subject their people to inevitable disappointment
Election no, erection yes
Not really, just a warning with a correction in the sticky if anything Y'all are doing pretty much the same thing, in claiming malice on the part of op. I'm willing to bet he found this somewhere else under the same title an decided to post it here, even with the true context it still fits in the sub and it's still a really good post, and story, I'm willing to bet even with the true story in the title it would have done just as well I have my serious doubts of this being some "karma farming lie" like y'all are implying. Seems way way more likely he found it under the same story he posted it, and it's just silly to immediately assume the worst intentions
I'm just here for the free folks Where do I pick them up by the way?
This comment is almost worse than the picture
Am I the only one who finds it kinda shitty to just put someone's shit out here like this without permission? Sure they have put themselves into the public, so technically not against the rules, but it still feels kinda crappy imo Probably just me but idk Also their sticky post is their insta which is the same name as the website I don't know man, seems like a semi attempt to call bullshit that is borderline doxxing without asking first, again, it's probably just me, it just feels like it's in bad sprit
Worth less than a trump polygraph
Good call, hard to shove it in when you're moving
Inb4 some jagoff with the wihole "LE TRYPOPHOBIA DOESNT EXIST LIAR?! NOT A REAL PHOBIA REEEEEEEEEEE" happens every freaking time
Really though no fucking wonder it got stolen, if they knew the price i wouldnt be surprised if they knocked op off it and took off I wouldn't have this in public without a fucking armed guard nearby
Haha me four, I literally burned it into my memory so I can forget for just a second occasionally how much I fucking want to die inside haha
These fucking idiots man, like those stupid people who get themselves shot in a mugging and make the street a crime scene so I have to take a different road Like come on now just don't get mugged you absolute mong
I'm so sad it's fake. Serious question, this certainly hurts value, no, m
Calm down Albert fish
Lmao calm down edgelord Just make sure to wash the Cheeto stained fingers before you start ok?
In their hearts
I'm still confused as to how it stays up without flapping at all Damn ventriloquists getting lazier and Lazer
More specifically it cycles though the colors
Boy this website just has to find a way to call literally every single thing fake don't they
Hey at least you seen to have stronk bones, so you won't break anything as you kick depressions ass and get this cleared up
3 weeks and 1 day of paid vacation a year checking in No degree, no special skills, extremely generous benefits all around (medical, dental, 401k with generous matching, life flight, optometrist, $5k a year in college reimbursement, 50% of gym membership covered by them) They also hire kids straight out of high school, and some still in high school during the summer And yes I live in America, there's good places out there, you just have to find them, also no, there's not some major downside like being paid minimum wage, they actually pay quite well for the area and give generous yearly raises I'm not saying this is even remotely close to the norm, because we all know it's not, but they do exist, like white whales tucked away in the darkest corners of job boards The most mind-blowing part to me, is no one in the area outside of those who have some direct connection to it even realize it exists or if hiring with such great positions, seems most people are too stuck on footwork to find jobs such as gas stations, fast food, and stores, or are on the opposite side of things and refuse to touch those locations just looking for manager spots or secretary/desk jobs, the stuff people fight for I know the question will arise, but the answer is, I can't legally tell you what i do it what it entails, strict NDA
Yeah but that's ddr4 Most of this is ddr2 with some 3 thrown in for good measure
Stls please!!
Does it really matter though, she's done an incredible thing as an individual for a good cause I'm trying to raise $500 to refurbish and get m/k and monitors for a bunch of computers im donating to families in need locally, just as my own good deed and have gotten a whopping $50, pushing harder than I've ever pushed on anything before. So I have to say good on her for raising such an incredible amount for a good cause, charity fundraising is incredibly hard at times, especially when you're not heavily established
I actually filled it to match last night, I'm not doing measured same amount just rough guess, but they should be even now
Mods won't give me my old man flair Jackasses
Possibly massively racked up non-payment with contractual obligation to do so with the house as collateral, but since the husband died so did the major income? I'd imagine this extremely shady kind of contract would be "legal" back then
I mean, as a certified old man ™ I just feel the need to say op, your parents are doing the right thing, in the wrong way. You should keep up your habits, work hard, and succeed, but for yourself, I screwed off in school, didn't take it seriously, and it seriously damaged my life in a way that was hard to recover from Keep working hard and succeeding, stop doing so to win affection, but for your own future Edit:[maybe now the mods will see this and correct it, editing doesn't work on mobile](https://imgur.com/a/iome0xI)
Fuck, my two year old with gastroschisis must have been a disaster for the monarchy waiting to happen.. in the womb
Yeah I don't know how people are expecting a woodpecker to crack a hard shelled seed that generally requires crushing force when the little dude only really has headbanging metal force
It makes sense though, they have a pretty huge level of exposure with virtually zero work, and these things rake in cash one way or another, either by successful targeting, or phone spoofing, dark net diaries has an episode on these kinds of lines being spoofed by hacking into VoIP services and racking up huge charges on their own lives, while customers are stuck with the bill because the phone companies will never let these kinds of charges slide
Sorry it was right before bed haha
I can't for the life of me get promterface to see my printer for whatever reason
And not covering a fucking hand food in sauce making it completely impractical to eat
Dun dun dun dun dunnnnn nuuuhhh
When the fuck did they add non thief/Archer classes
He's surrounded by more artillery and firepower than a small army, and he's an idiot with a vastly overinflated ego, I have my doubts he went by choice, but the secret service has a duty to force him in there if there's a possible threat. I have serious doubts he would ever go in by choice, he would probably rather take a rifle to the roof and start opening up on peaceful protests
It's not though, we have a thriving f2p playerbase, the bots are definitely worse there, that I won't deny, but there's a ton of very strong f2p communities out there that shouldn't be ignored Also, it's pure insanity to simply neglect the world's based on bots, instead of you know, taking extra steps to make it harder for players who have histories of botting on f2p. There's no reason they couldn't implement hardware based band like virtually every modern multiplayer game, that locks out of games to the extent you need to replace essential PC components to get back into the game. Just food for thought, it could just be me, but personally I find it insane to simply let the world's fall to bots because it's the free version, especially with the rising popularity of mobile bringing in new players, if their first experience is fighting with hundreds of bots this does not bode well for player retention That's just my two cents though, downvote away if you must
You're telling me man, I genuinely don't know where all this came from, it's likely just that the cop was convinced I was and everyone took his side. My mother won't speak to be, by fiance is acting strange, I feel like my life is about to completely blow up and I don't understand why
We libertarian now Bois Oh wait, we actually get votes
Wait until they hear about the requirements to cut someone's hair without going to prison
No worries man, I genuinely found this hilarious, and frankly never care if it's changed, I love Easter eggs like this
But also at the same time, there are laws against this exact thing, stating that people were arrested and why in certain areas that police don't decide on if they exist In my honest opinion, arrest records should be like medical records, only given to those who genuinely need access to them, your employer doesn't need to know you had a DUI 6 years ago, nor does the general public Families and those authorized should be given full access, anyone else, should not, and it should be illegal for employers to request this information except in very specific circumstances, for example a bank teller job asking if you've ever been convicted of petty theft or robbery, or a position of power asking if you've ever been convicted of abusing power When we have people using mugshots as blackmail and requiring payment to remove it, we have a serious problem with the current system Obviously arrests or detainmemts should never be totally dark, that is a recipe for the abuse of human rights, but it also doesn't need to be as simple as going to a county website, looking up a name, and seeing everything they've ever been taken to court on. Imagine how much better felons could reintegrate into society if a business wasn't considered a borderline hero just for being willing to hire them, there's absolutely some grey area where the information should be accessible to those who need it, but we don't need everyone and their mother being able to know every mistake a person has ever made, because people do in fact change, and the mistake doesn't make the individual, but at this point a single mistake can make it nearly impossible to survive in the real world, and that is absolutely a broken system
I kinda dig it, is that bad
Really though, this is just a good way to get yourself even more fines Your out of your mind if you think they don't have every detail on the car and the owner by the time they have the thing on
This is why we should be sneezing in children's mouths every day, to help build a tolerance
I was gonna say, I'm currently using TWRP Still huge in the Android community, rooting is just rarer these days thanks to it becoming harder mixed with no real need to do so with software eventually learning to be less restrictive Don't even need to root anymore for ad free YouTube or spoofed in app purchases, there's just no real reason for it
The birds nest of content creation has earned his reputation
As someone who's successfully mounted a 70 inch TV with no construction experience, I'm envious of people who can just laugh at a situation like this and keep a cool head. Maybe it's because I've spent the last five years with a hothead who was extremely easy to upset, and now being away im starting to see clearly again as the guy who was known as "the one you want to have around if you fuck up because of his easy outlook" but I would be genuinely too terrified of fucking up this badly to not watch 40 YouTube videos and take every precautionary step from every video and combine them into my efforts Hitting a water main when drilling into walls genuinely has to be one of my biggest fears, trapped moisture can be catastrophic for a home, learned this lesson the hard way from the bathroom not having proper ventilation in a trailer, thanks to what was evidently an electrical fire in the wall/ceiling that was covered up as cheaply as possible, we watched it destroy not only the bathroom ceiling, but also the bedroom and the kitchen just started crumbling apart one day and get perpetually worse as time went on. Fuck ups this serious get very expensive very fast, and letting that water run so you can take a video is definitely making things much much worse
Cool so, duck playing bongos
I thought about putting this on Facebook but realized I don't want the commitment that comes with that of telling people i am not in fact suicidal
Let's just say I'd do the same to look like that
Username checks out. This would be an instant termination in any warehouse I've ever worked, they didn't even like people stepping on cart legs to gain that extra inch and would potentially send you to retrain on it. If anyone saw this you would be gone before the end of the day. And that's both medical equipment production and food service These places have generally learned not to fuck around when it comes to safety. You won't even find an unlocked door to and production related areas, and they'll occasionally send plants to try and just walk through the door as someone else goes in to show what could be stolen by doing so
He'll respond, even if you shove an egg up your ass Like the perfect best friend or partner, he'll always respond
It's a little concerning when a series called clues only is finally opening clues again
Weeb
Also boaty will absolutely pay up, he has way more to lose in not doing so than $11k, it's a drop in the bucket for him, plus he's been nothing but supportive throughout twitter
Just out of curiosity short of being Elon musk is it possible to send anything into orbit? For example could you guys bring this up to the level of satellites? Understanding somewhat how orbit is achieved I know it wouldn't go into a full orbit thanks to not having the lateral velocity, but if you were just going straight up as far as possible, could you break into true space?
I have a location with gigabit fibre, would be happy to set up a host with a little guidance on doing so, only ever coded/hosted rsps but I have a decent grasp of running and tweaking Java based servers/clients
Considering it's not verified, it's a safe bet they have absolutely nothing to do with this department. Especially with everything but the text and name cut out.. I genuinely wouldn't believe it was without a link, it's so easy to fake, and makes it seem so much better.
No but seriously, it's extremely common for serial killers to start off by torturing or murdering animals, and she is so comfortable that she's made it public There needs to be police and psychiatric intervention immediately, while not guaranteed the chances that someone is hurt or killed by this woman is very much real, and regardless she's murdering innocent animals. I know feelings change based on where you are for stuff like this, and in some places it's considered acceptable to kill strays of any kind, but when you start taking pictures and videos and turn it into an act of torture, you're enjoying it way way too much
Hmm I smell something suspicious, what ever could it be
You ain't kidding
Keem is going to fucking explode
Flair checks out
"verf fucks up" would have been fine, you can give hints without completely spoiling the clip, and those who would rather wait to find out can wonder instead of reading a title and instantly knowing exactly what happened This is something that always upset me with mammal and MMORPG back in the day, I never watched streams but did catch their videos, watched mammal go thousands dry on prims, then had it spoiled on Reddit before he could get the video out. Which really sucks because at this point he only really released after a slough of achievements and maybe 1-2 big clips, so it instantly made the videos less enjoyable because you knew what was going to happen. It's not so much a serious issue as it is a courtesy to others, sure people want to get the upvotes for the big name accounts having something happen, and telling exactly what definitely does help with that, but it still deals a shitty hand to fans who might have missed the moment and will rather see it organically
What cursed goddamn cancer have I reaped upon this scorned land
Have.. have you seen what we did to Buffalo in this country..?
Yes Source: just look at my fucking profile
I enjoy those that let me use my yubikey for 2fa
My entire introduction to Java as a kid was from hosting rsps, so I understand all to well
My best guess would be for holding cards, most likely your room key
Wait was it really
r/averageredditor
Lmao remember when the osrs community lost its mind over a fucking scarf? This is great to see
I love Spokane but you're totally right. The place fucking sucks sometimes
Yep
Fucking dammit, why is it always Idaho
Imagine thinking your comments on a public forum constitute a copyright and royalties
As an idahoan I've never been more proud
I've been looking to learn go, will definitely check this out
Listen you little shit Happy cake day
Yes because by the time you take up I might exist, or maybe not
I'll just say we've been brigaded many times by that sub in one of the more popular communities I created
r/theydidthefuckyou
no I love my computer slowing to a crawl whenever I turn it on
Well?
Hey guys look at how dumb I am
