You'd need a Curio subscription (for teachers/schools) to watch it legally online but it looks like someone uploaded the series to a video sharing website too.
That is completely false. &gt;[the $157,000 cost of the current regime’s budget cover also included ad spending and videos for the 2017 budget’s website.](https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2017/10/19/inside-the-governments-200000-budget-artwork.html)
I mean you can keep lying and downvoting for getting called out on it but the $157,000 was for the entire photoshoot, video, advertisements, etc... related to the budget not "a single piece of paper" like you said.
the report was specifically talking about jet-powered commercial aircraft; there were many airline deaths in propeller-driven planes.
He's right though, the Fins lost the Winter War and had to cede territory to the Soviets after the Moscow treaty was signed. They inflicted more casualties on the Red Army than they took but overall, it was a strategic loss for Finland.
Ah, source for that? It contradicts a lot of the accounts of the various interrogations Khadr went through in the 10 years in Guantanamo Bay.
/r/space is oddly nationalist for being, well, focused on space
&gt; This means the Cree are being depicted more as an Eastern Woodlands tribe, rather than as their plains brethren. Interesting they'd choose Poundmaker, born on the plains, as leader for the new civ.
People who got in to live in a home will be fine, they're living in these properties and being underwater in 2018 means nothing when planning to stay for decades. The flippers though, yeah they're going to take a hit. Fuck 'em, investments are risky and no one cries when my ETFs lose money.
guess not
"Matthews to Komarov" should never be said by the announcers, ever
Has he sold our osmium too? What about our bauxite reserves?
Jonsson Van Riemsdyk
just enough to buffalo you
OH MY... WHAT A GOAL!
Yet Canada is -1/5 on the PP
too cold for salt in Canada right now
No, R2's burning kills her easily enough coupled with exposes, especially since BB8 procs ID at about the time the nightsisters are down to their final two. As long as you keep R2 alive you'll win. Daka-&gt;Talzin-&gt;Ventress-&gt;R2 burninates zombie &amp; acolyte Not my video, but here's [an example](https://youtu.be/zQcc8NXk6Fw?t=118)
Yep.
What Japan did was heinous but it wasn't genocide. There's specific intent that's requires for mass killing to be genocide and the war crimes done at the hands on the Imperial Japanese Army weren't done with the extermination of a specific group as the outcome.
Huh, how you managed to get that out of my post is mind boggling. Genocides like Armenia, Rwanda, Cambodia, and the Holocaust all had specific, targeted killings to eradicate a group from existence. I said the horrendous war crimes and mass killings done by the IJA were obviously and objectively terrible but it was *not* genocide. You're both misunderstanding the definition of genocide and misconstruing my post.
he's been frustrating to watch this season, hope he turns it around soon
Damn, that was a bigger rebound than Jennifer Aniston with Vince Vaughn.
Eh? Jets are the only Canadian team doing better than the Leafs. There also the only playoff teams in Canada.
GG Leafs with the comeback win!
it's working quite well for me, are you on the watch.cbc.ca site?
The "oooOOOOHHHH-AWWWwwww-YEAAAAAHHHH!!!" of the crowd on the Bozak goal is hilarious
You shouldn't be too concerned with the opinions of anyone who goes after TLJ for it's "politics", like having women or people of color as protagonists is now somehow a heinous offense.
Here's a sample of the first page of the Rotten Tomatoes user reviews, quotes taken were from 4 entries: &gt; they seemed to be going out of their way to make every leader a feminist, emasculated Poe, created that terrible PETA activist actress with a bad haircut &gt; it's practically impossible to overlook that this movie is telling you something loud and clear: white males = evil or stupid or both; females and people of color = heroic leaders and smart &gt;TLJ goes out of its way to further a feminist idealized world without first asking what makes a good movie. &gt;Why didn't the purple haired lesbian tell Poe about her plan? &gt;Also, please leave out your feminist bullsh*t from Star Wars. "The force is female" FFS give me a break, how about making a t-shirt that says "The force is equally male &amp; female"? Go fu*k yourself Disney. Remember this is just the reviews posted in the last couple of hours, I didn't even check the next page. Tell me again that it has nothing to do with women protagonists or feminism.
Casper getting handsy.
Acid attacks have been happening in the UK for centuries, [it was a favorite by Victorian era women in the 19th century.](https://www.economist.com/news/britain/21725328-what-used-be-weapon-victorian-ladies-has-become-popular-among-londons-gangs-acid-attacks) &gt;Between 1837 and 1913 almost twice as many women as men stood trial at the Old Bailey for throwing a corrosive fluid
&gt; Literally no one said that. It's littered through the user reviews on Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB. I posted some quotes from *the first page* on RT this morning a bit down below in the thread; full of people complaining about purple haired lesbians, racial agendas where white=evil and brown/woman=good, and that every character is a feminist or has been 'feminized' (as if this is somehow some hugely negative and unrealistic trait). &gt; Rey is just perfect from the start and never makes a single mistake or struggles. You and I seemed to have watched different films if you think Rey didn't struggle or face any obstacles. That you prescribe this to some agenda of the writers to push "muh vagina" on the viewers is telling.
16 in 25
Folig-no
You only get 2 chances to see them play at home though.
Guy living in the south, putting down strikes living the big life as an industrialist.
it's the long stick 🍆
Nyled it right past Bobrovsky!
lol how is that not interference? and he was going to get away with it until it turned into a scoring chance fucking refs
what a tic-tac-slow play
bring it 28th placed Sens!
[Here's one on language assimilation](https://ccis.ucsd.edu/_files/wp111.pdf): &gt;Bilingualism is common among second-generation children, i.e., those growing up in immigrant households: most speak an immigrant language at home, but almost all are proficient in English. Among Hispanics, 92 percent speak English well or very well, even though 85 percent speak at least some Spanish at home. The equivalent percentages among Asian groups are: 96 percent are proficient in English and 61 percent speak an Asian mother tongue. &gt;In the third (and later) generation, the predominant pattern is English monolingualism: that is, children speak only English at home, making it highly unlikely that they will be bilingual as adults. Among Asians, the percentage who speak only English is 92 percent. It is lower among Hispanics, but still a clear majority: 72 percent.
This guy isn't even Canadian, he's from New York City. How in the world would someone who has two total posts in /r/canada - both in this thread - just stumble onto a 775 upvoted article? Then only say things about 'reclaiming the country' and kicking out all Chinese. Odd.
My wife had to do none of that when she received her PR. She's from a rich, developed country and speaks English well. You're conflagrating citizenship with living in Canada, two different things.
A Phaneuf hat trick is a stick penalty for being caught flat-footed at the opponent's blue line, a hard but ultimately useless check, and a 10ft wide slapshot that somehow hits and injures a teammate
Gardiner with two boneheaded moves on that sequence... ugh, get it together Jake
who decided on the /r/hockey banner? it looks like a rush photoshop job :|
Laughing all the way to the playoffs
&gt; The actual plan was a North American Union once Hillary was elected. They degraded our standard of living on purpose to push a new currency and amalgamation of North America. Uh huh. Sounds a bit /r/conspiracy. I am hesitant to even begin to think about the legislative and constitutional capital required for a PM to see a union with the US come to fruition. &gt; Thank goodness for Trump. And how has this degradation stopped under Trump? I thought the point of this is that the economy is still declining?
Eh, even if it doesn't hit speed at all that's still a worthwhile mod for a TB or TW character; especially a triangle - and protection at that.
&gt; I'm not defending this guy's actions--raping a woman is some stupid shit--and I am significantly further left than most of our country politically. &gt;However, ultimately, if the woman hadn't chosen to dress in a short skirt for completely indefensible reasons, this wouldn't have happened. &gt;Not everything is black and white.
if the art in the card itself was mirrored, that would be perfect
Haha, might want to actually look at the homicide *rate* rather than the absolute numbers if you're going to use that term: [Canada's 'Fluctuating' Crime Rate](http://www.statcan.gc.ca/tables-tableaux/sum-som/l01/cst01/legal12b-eng.htm)
&gt; The absolute numbers give a better understanding that violence is on the rise. Because there's more people, that's the whole reason rate is used - to produce comparative numbers. If you were a Canadian in the 70's your chance of being killed was almost twice as high as 2016. It's disingenuous to dismiss the 3.03 murders per 100,000 Canadians in 1975 compared to the 1.63 of 2016 just because there was 13 million less people. &gt; Murder is murder and should not be accounted per capita. Hahaha, not if your argument is multiculturalism is making Canada more dangerous.
But violence is not on the rise. There were 700 murders in 1975 - both the rate and absolute number is less now. Your chance of being murdered in 2016 is half what it was in 1975. We use per capita precisely to calculate this kind of thing and make those conclusions. [Source](http://www.statcan.gc.ca/pub/11-630-x/11-630-x2015001-eng.htm) &gt;Look at the surge in 2015. That is no coincidence. It's clear you either fundamentally do not understand statistics or are willfully ignoring how they work to push your narrative.
Eh? Flames fans are probably the only Canadian team that doesn't shit on the Leafs for no reason - well the Jets are a close second. Not sure where this is coming from...
Toronto has only played 10 games against other Atlantic teams. Tampa and Boston are in similar positions. If anything the top three are going to be doing a lot of feeding on the bottom of the division in the upcoming 2nd half of the schedule.
Hey, I was wrong and eating humble pie. What more is there to say?
The construction companies pay the salaries for paid duty officers, but they pass those costs onto buyers etc... I'm sure. A bigger issue is that police fight to protect this off-duty paid overtime and are now complaining that their job is too strenuous and they're burnt out. A pretty easy solution is to not take overtime if it's interfering with your day job.
Right? Who doesn't hate frames with their fancy borders and shit ruining perfectly good renaissance paintings.
&gt;You are hilarious. Also dishonest. lol [it's stickied at the top of your sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/metacanada/comments/7ou3kq/the_2017_metacanada_neckbeard_of_the_year_awards/), unless there's been a new mod appointed in the past 10 days then I guess that would make me technically incorrect but nope, [just you](https://www.reddit.com/r/metacanada/about/moderators) &gt;2017 METACANADIAN OF THE YEAR Easily one of the most consistently active users, providing high-quality content for metacanada, for a long time, and who's extremely hard on the cucks, is: &gt;u/woodenboatguy &gt;Congratulations u/woodenboatguy. You've hereby been promoted to moderator status at metacanada!
I was just asking for clarification about a SRD rule, no idea where you're taking this into accusations of racism or anti-hate but okay; I'll remember to ask for help modding my basically abandoned 109 subscriber /r/anglosphere if it ever gets to that point.
&gt;So, just to be clear, promoting someone to being a mod 'is analogous to their posting history' (again with wording that makes no sense to the average reader) and therefore a violation of SRD rules. &gt;That's what you are saying? I have no idea, it isn't my rule that's why it was a question addressed to Deefian, the SRD mod who brought it up. &gt;If so, I guess going by that 'thinking', there is never going to be a promotion of a mod, anywhere, ever again. Interesting strategy. Let's see if it workds. You've lost me here.
I found dealing with the elites in the first wave much more difficult than the stars in the final. When an unnamed rebel officer is more problematic than Leia that's just dumb.
and Marner... shoots it into an open corner?
Steak Queen ^^^^but ^^^^it's ^^^^gone
Marner looking at a $4 million bridge contact if he keeps this up...
pretty sure we're not bring back chattel slavery in our lifetimes
Just remember you're not even talking to a Canadian, I don't think he'll know anything about our Charter or the rights of citizens in Canada.
&gt; So a lot of people here keep citing the charter, but can you actually show me where in the charter we have an established right to an abortion? There's no right to an abortion, in fact there's no laws for or against abortion at all after R v Morgentaler, a case settled 30 years ago by the SCC. Instead the court ruled that laws against abortion violate S. 7 of the CCRF: &gt;Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of the person and the right not to be deprived thereof except in accordance with the principles of fundamental justice. Women don't have a right to abortion but they do have the right to control their bodies. Forcing them to carry a foetus to term violates their rights.
There's no law, but there's a professional standards association that licenses doctors. A doctor performing late-term abortions on healthy babies and mothers would most likely face discipline immediately; but this is hypothetical because in the 30 years since the SCC case that struck down abortion laws in Canada that's never happened.
Probably your clever strikeout of changing liar to victim for an 11 year old girl. Nothing says impartial explanation than passing judgement on children.
Eh, I usually grabbed a half price sushi dinner from the supermarket a few times a week when working late. Most Japanese in Tokyo eat prepared sushi frequently, either from a convenience store, supermarket, or quick takeout place since it's quite convenient. The real 30,000 yen restaurants are reserved for special occasions but families hit up Sushi-ro for kaitenzushi or the aforementioned supermarket sushi all the time.
My top 20 is the following: 8 JTR 7 NS (5 Vent/2MT) 4 GK 1 Veers Literally no CLS led teams. Expanding to the top 50, only 10 are CLS. I know things are different at lower ranks but Sith in general are bad in arena right now and have been since R2 was released 6 months ago. Either play what you like and don't worry about chasing the meta and being competitive or join the wave of GK/RJT/NS (and yes, CLS) teams to the top 20.
Yep, my mistake.
Do you know where this guy was born because all the article says is he's from Brampton.
First, let me ask you what specifically you feel are the goals, values, or interests of 'white people' that need standing up for so can accurately respond with evidence to how the PM and GG advance them.
You're seriously questioning the power that the PM and GG have over the lives of Canadians? My question is how does their very real political power as heads of the legislative and executive branches *not* affect 'white' people? You need to explain what specifically are 'white' issues before there can be a response to how both are failing 'white' interests.
so you're saying things are gonna get high?
it's the reverse angle; the normal camera doesn't really show how deliberately that elbow comes up and out and could be dismissed as accidental... but it's blatant he intended to throw it once you see from behind so I get the first reaction but anyone who is still saying this wasn't dirty is either lying to themselves or wearing the darkest homer glasses available
He's right though. You can read up on the WHO's website but here's a summary from Wikipedia: &gt;Type 1 is "partial or total removal of the clitoris and/or the prepuce". Type Ia (circumcision)[39] involves removal of the clitoral hood only. This is rarely performed alone.[d] The more common procedure is Type Ib (clitoridectomy), the complete or partial removal of the clitoral glans (the visible tip of the clitoris) and clitoral hood.[1][41] The circumciser pulls the clitoral glans with her thumb and index finger and cuts it off.[e] Legal male circumcisions in Canada do not remove the glans during the procedure.
You're forgetting the part where he pulled his dick out, unrequested, and aggressively suggested the drunk teenager perform oral sex on him. He's not a rapist, I mean he did stop and drive her home, but that's still predatory behaviour and IMHO sexual assault.
because this is the official Chinese Communist Party newspaper; it's literal state-sponsored propaganda against the west
I feel people don't like this commercial
&gt; The legislation that really needs to be passed is global publication bans on the identities of the accused until they are found guilty. &gt; Victims should be encouraged to come forward -- to the authorities. How would victims know to come forward if no information is released until after trial? These two statements are incompatible.
Hmm, well I've never been sexually assaulted but at least one woman I know personally said they were emboldened to speak out when they realized the act wasn't a "once off mistake" like the guy said and was actually a pattern when two others came forward. This was back in 2001 at University. &gt;if you need to know about someone elses accusations before you make your own you need to re evaluate Hopefully you never say that to a victim's face, pretty disgusting.
and immature, but what are you gonna do when a thread gets brigaded by the_donald, they aren't sending their best
it's every thread now, this place is long gone
How'd you pay for the hat? Birthday money?
Admin decides on these dumb rules, only some teachers are vindictive dirtbags that get off on abusing their power.
investments can be more than financial
Pays enough to get by on but never ahead. It's okay for a young person but really tough long-term if you wanted to stay.
That CBC turned off commenting on stories relating to indigenous issues confirms it.
Debt/GDP is a much better way of looking at a province's finances than total debt. The govt spends money now that pays dividends in the future. Going into debt $10 billion for a subway that will increase productivity by $20 billion is a great investment - although those gains aren't going to be realized until further into the future. It's also incorrect to compare Ontario to US states as Canadian provinces have a much greater responsibility and costs simply due to healhcare - not to mention a multitude of other jurisdictional and budgeting differences.
I'd rather leverage the tools Reddit gives to stop the spread of trolls' misinformation; but I see your point too.
Yes, I know what GDP is. My point was that the debt isn't the only indicator we point to to make determinations of the economic health of the province. It's also irresponsible to compare a Canadian province to a US state or Japanese prefecture or wherever. Debt/GDP helps to better understand the relationship between spending and growth. Your analogy doesn't work because Ontario is actually investing in productive growth - education and healthcare are the two biggest line items and directly add to the province's competitiveness and economic health &amp; development. Spending on schools actually gives a return, unlike those theoretical holes. Your point about debt servicing can't be judged good or bad unless we also see what that debt is being used to pay for. In an ideal world it would be zero, but in the real world government needs to borrow money to pay for things. Evaluating whether those things are worth taking on the debt is the question.
nah, left the feet after contact
yeah, borderline
That wasn't Holtby. More like HoltD-
The outcome of Ontario's election doesn't reflect on the federal party much at all. Dissatisfaction with the OLP is from their actions and their actions alone.
So people in their 40s? Wouldn't it be easier to just say PC enjoy a lead with everyone 40+?
Not to the posters on r/JordanPeterson
Time for Subban?
https://www.thebeaverton.com/2018/06/lifelong-new-democrat-excited-to-vote-ndp-for-first-time/ &gt;Though pollsters are still predicting a Tory government, the NDP has the momentum. And if things break right on election day Newman could experience another political first: realizing the party you support is also useless at governing.
Uh, go read the blue pages and get back to us how sexual misconduct from male teachers is 'international news'. There's a dozen every quarter to pick from. Don't worry, I'll wait.
&gt;“Pop-up to sell $STRING” To be fair, that sounds like a total yarn.
&gt;There’s more than one woman in the movies now, so obviously Lucasfilm has old out to SJW incorporated. *pushes up glasses* Umm, Return of the Jedi had Leia **and** Mon Mothma - plus some of those Ewoks had to be female.
[for those unfamiliar](http://i.imgur.com/nT4WerM.jpg)
[NDP still leads in Toronto](https://shawglobalnews.files.wordpress.com/2018/06/untitled7.jpg?quality=70&amp;strip=all&amp;strip=all)
&gt;August 23, 2017 I guess people here really need their daily anti-immigration fix. Posting year old articles...
Looks like Wynne's gambit to save official party status worked, and fucked the NDP while handing the PCs a majority.
The NDP/Liberal vote splitting is incredible. So many ridings with 35% PC, 30% NDP, 25% and the rest.
Most of Ontario doesn't want a PC government (60%+), but that's the system we have.
lol
Sbisa, terrible
lol @ Trotz's facial tick there
Well, sure with the close ridings breaking against them it didn't but they got a lot closer than the projections of 4 seats. &gt;all it did was guarantee a blue wave for the next two decades. By your own logic. How could you possibly make this kind of prediction?
&gt;this is what r/Canada actually believes you're not going to be getting honest discussion here, this thread is for gloating
&gt; It may not be politically correct As the president of the US, being correct on political matters is kinda important Trump.
Tsundere Falcon.
The CCB has been amazing for my middle class family so ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
And my kid sacrifices so other kids can do better too. Sounds like a working society to me.
No, Japanese don't believe in fan death.
&gt; You’re glad he isn’t the majority? This person who is being reasonable and even handed? &gt; &gt; He's saying the majority would bluster off about Obama or neo-marxist pizza or whatever other ridiculous thing they use to deflect criticism so he's glad this particular poster is not like that.
But our basement would be the US... waitaminute
is the one guy really short or the other guy really tall... or both?
these are the opening acts to Fallout's headliner
This is the attitude of a petty petty man.
It's a Kia. The Stinger will be 50% cheaper in two years.
emojis were a mistake
Right? Who would *ever* be able to function in an operating system like that!? (Yes, GUI are way better obviously but we still got shit done in DOS).
&gt;Japan doesn't have a problem. Stop spreading lies. Could you back up that statement with some evidence? [Here's an article from The Japan Times about the issues with their aging population.](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2015/11/19/commentary/japan-commentary/japans-population-problem/#.WyLJWK2-KRs) [An Atlantic article highlighting the instability and inadequacy of the job market directly translates into lower fertility rates](https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2017/07/japan-mystery-low-birth-rate/534291/) Any from the other perspective?
Economic development leads to lower family sizes, that's like demographics 101. Countries with higher emigration than immigration rates see the same trend, it's hugely correlated. Housing prices and immigration numbers have a negligible causal effect, it's because we're richer.
Any evidence for this? I'd wouldn't be surprised to see data that one newcomer doesn't add one job upon arrival, often the effects are long-term.
This the the championship for the American Hockey League. AHL teams are affiliated with an NHL club and are used for development. It's comparable to AAA baseball.
They have memes that make fun of how Trudeau sits and the socks he wears. Completely oblivious.
Same goes for CBC articles about immigration, all crickets in here
Hmm, who doesn't fondly recall the dreamy late 19th century America with so little regulation even children were able to work towards achieving the American Dream!
Just a little change Small to say the least Both a little scared Neither one prepared Beauty and the Bergevin
And if it's made before 2000, you could probably outrun it with a good pair of shoes.
Yes. It's a regional dialect! Uh-huh... uh, what region? Uhh... North York?
&gt; For mass shootings killing kids the US is doing better than a number of western European countries. Do you have any statistics to support this? &gt;People have trouble with the concept of scale and in a country with as many people as the US shit is going to happen That's why we control for population with per capita comparisons. [The US is not nearly as deadly for shootings as some South American or Sub-Saharan countries but significantly higher than most developed states.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bd/List_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate.jpg)
it's been 151 years without issue
The difficulties in passing C-45 come from the Senate Conservatives being whipped by Don Plett on order from Andrew Scheer. Every single vote against the bill in 3rd reading came from a Harper-appointed Senator, save Tkachuk who was appointed by Mulroney. Beyak is technically the only non-Conservativ because she was kicked out of their caucus for being an intolerable racist. The Conservatives are doing everything in their power to hold this up. The Liberals, non-affiliated, and ISG are supporting the bill.
Just one small addition, the 7 provinces that support the change *also* need to represent at least 50% of the population. This means one or both of Quebec or Ontario needs to be in favour of it.
Cool, thanks for clarifying the more recent SCC ruling. Good to know.
But it's still an inefficient use of a police officer, especially for a force suffering from morale and overwork.
&gt;At about 0:26 you can see the skyline Yep. It's pretty great how the R34s are legal in Canada.
&gt; Most any thief would never bother with the shed, thinking there is just a bunch of lawn shit in there. Sheds are huge targets for thieves as they're (usually) unoccupied and hold valuable tools or bikes and recreational equipment.
the criticism is of that protocol
THE COST OF GOODS IS INCORRECT, FEMALE DOG!
I wasn't disputing the map, just your mischaracterization between courts enforcing the Criminal Code, federal legislation, and the provincial Human Rights Tribunals. Hate speech is something completely different, and not dealt with in a tribunal. It has nothing to do with this map.
&gt;So if you're not from a place, you don't get to talk about it? All that chatter coming from not America must just be all wrong then. No, but I urge you to spend some time doing your own research into the criminal system here and not get information filtered through third-parties that have specific agendas. People like Jordan Peterson have pushed a very warped understanding of Canada's freedom of expression laws to non-Canadians; these falsehoods about being arrested for speech are hyperbole and not grounded in any precedent. There's an incredibly high threshold for conviction under the Criminal Code's hate speech laws, these fundamentally differ from Canadian provincial human rights laws. &gt;And the fact that y'all are so okay with it is mind-blowing to me... &gt;I be shitting my pants if I knew the courts could lock someone up for just words. I mean you can go to jail in the US for 'just words' too. I'm supportive of this country where the threshold goes beyond individual threats and includes threats made against identifiable groups. Just because someone replaces "I'm going to kill *you*" with "I'm going to kill *all of you*" doesn't lessen the potential for harm.
Maaaaan
Well, yeah some are dicks that like to fuck the LGBTQ community. The other are a few guys with their dicks out.
That's standard practice for monitors.
Huh, I'm probably the least informed person on /r/headphones because I just realized how much KZ's ZS line is a direct copy of the Campfire Audio. Has anyone done a comparison of the $30 KZ to the $4-500 CA?
Great Lakes Brewery would disagree. I'm actually drinking an [Octopus Wants to Fight](http://www.greatlakesbeer.com/beer/octopus-wants-to-fight-ipa/) right now, and have a couple [Sunnyside Sessionals](http://www.greatlakesbeer.com/beer/sunnysidesessionipa/) in my fridge for this upcoming hot weekend.
both from Toronto, I could see it happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Um4OQ6KP1m4
"Boobies!"
Ah, Ze googles zey do nothing!
But Reddit likes Deadpool and doesn't like Drake so... anger!!
in us-specific subreddits? how many canadians are attacking trump in /r/indiana?
Marner has 32 assists in 27 games, holy fuck
Gardiner with another bad night, he's been awful recently.
heading west isn't bad for jet lag, from my experience.
you're forgetting those triple parentheses
Marc?
how to stop Marner? sit on him, apparently
it's the Leafs, there's no penalties against this team
[Octopus Wants to Fight](http://greatlakesbeer.com/glb/wp-content/uploads/octo-poster.jpg)
both weak ass calls
Yep
NO SHOOTOUT 2018 CONTINUES!
but the legislative actions of Canada are not beholden to whether or not this gets signed; Canada always could pass laws to reduce barriers to immigration - compact or not
Canada is a signatory to three anti-narcotics treaties: &gt;the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961 (as amended in 1972), the Convention on Psychotropic Substances of 1971, and the United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988 By passing Bill C-45 we violated all three. There was a rebuke by the UN and well... that's about it.
So increase the CCB?
&gt; At its core, signing it would make moving to Canada a human right. And this is outlined in the document where? Section 4 clearly states: &gt;Refugees and migrants are entitled to the same universal human rights and fundamental freedoms, which must be respected, protected and fulfilled at all times. **However, migrants and refugees are distinct groups governed by separate legal frameworks.**
until now do do doooo
The Leafs, no matter how bad, are always relevant.
Canada isn't paying out of the goodness of its heart; these are constitutional obligations for the historical transfer of land.
The op ed's authors conveniently left out the rest of the quote: &gt; There are shared values — openness, respect, compassion, willingness to work hard, to be there for each other, to search for equality and justice. Those qualities are what make us the first postnational state. Seems like there's shared values that make up Canada's identity, just not one singular image of the 'ideal Canadian'
You must be investing in very specific industries or not diversified because the market just lost 500+ points on Friday and is basically flat for the year.
[Tissel bauhaus](http://shop2.tisellkr.cafe24.com/product/tisell-38mm-bauhaus-design-9015-automatic/30/?cate_no=1&amp;display_group=2) for $205USD is a good deal; the miyota 9015 is an excellent movement
He's made it clear the deficit would be made up by cutting social programs so we'd all be paying for it.
that wasn't really a redirect, he shot it into the goal
Yeah, Maladroit is pretty legit. Green has some good songs too.
it's progressive to those advocating for regression
you realize migration happens as a *result* of strife, right? if you want less migrants in Canada work to reduce climate change, empower women in the Global South, and advocate for stronger institutions that promote global security
&gt; stop copying have you looked at your jerseys lately? haha
he was falling down after getting tripped himself haha
100% intentionally led with the knee - no penalty hahaha fuck these refs
thank fuck they kicked this no-name clown out of the game
"How *dare* you use the words I wrote to ascertain my character. It's creepy and illegal for you to click my username and see how often I say Trudeau is 'Fidel's son' and call to deport all Muslims which **isn't racism!** because they aren't a race." - metacanada posters
Everyone except Jordan Peterson, he's the new Chancellor and runs the only courses.
&gt; Just looked at paperwork, apparently it is limited to 999,999 miles lol. Scumbags!
&gt; with his 30% approval rating Isn't it 35%?
When Trudeau doesn't do something, this is the response. If he'd called it'd be "virtue signalling" or "proof of his self-importance/ineffectiveness". There's no winning move for pleasing these people.
You're being a bit myopic in choosing only the negative news from the past year to include. The Liberal policies that lead to "investing" includes things like creating the CCB meaning my wife and I could have a child with less worry (he'll be 2 early next year) or things like the legalization of marijuana bringing billions in investment and other economic benefits to Canada. This is not even mentioning the untold billions in infrastructure spending through the infrastructure bank and direct or indirect transfer payments to provinces. You'll can see the returns in the increasing GDP beating out predictions, most recently 0.3% in October.
🎩🎩🎩
wasn't there like 5 Bergeron videos posted last night? lol
Oh, we've got a live American exceptionalist here. No one tell him Canada has the 10th largest economy in the world and he'll return quietly to shitpost in ignorance somewhere else.
I assume you spend all guild currency on the pulse modulators?
Damn, no mention of the moon landing. So close! I almost had the exceptionalist bingo. I can't even begin to imagine how insecure someone is to tout the accomplishments of their country after getting called out in a discussion - the nationalist equivalent of "my dad can beat up your dad" with about the same level of intellectual maturity.
Eh, kinda depends. At least for Tokyo there are entrance exams and smart students can go to excellent public high schools so stigma isn't solely private/public- but yes overall the private system have higher quality schools.
woooo!
Christmas wasn't the only thing to come early tonight
bed boys, bed boys whatcha gonna do?
[This sub in a nutshell](https://i.imgur.com/Yc5IgwH.jpg)
[Holy shit, someone better tell Manitoba they need to send a thank-you card!](https://www.gasbuddy.com/GasPrices/Manitoba)
Uh, read his post again. Those bad drivers are *immigrants* so it's not really his fault but those brown people who can't drive then all cyclists and pedestrians.
I prefer having judicial interpretation no matter what strict constitutionalists down south might say. A rights document needs to be changed and updated as time progresses, pruning a living tree is better than being held back by deadwood.
If the document is susceptible to the whims of government it's no different than simple legislation. The constitution needs to be difficult to amend for it to have any actual worth - as Meech Lake and Charlottetown showed us. If you think the SCC is political in their decisions, well, I'd like you to show some proof. The Lamer and McLachlin courts certainly haven't had any serious accusations of political influence or govt meddling.
In 1938 there were 11 million Canadians. Tripling our population in 80 years seems like it's keeping in line with historical trends.
Aurra The Witch Is Dead
But in the meantime here's Marner and Tavares
"HAHAAHAH FUCK THE LEAFS JT SUCKS!!!" "WhY aM i BeInG dOwNvOtEd?!?"
uh, that's not how hockey works
the guy ends the comment with "Eat shit", of course he's going to be downvoted (but hey, it's at +8 right now so...)
The islanders beating toronto tonight doesn't make them the better team &gt;Or are you mistaking this regular season game for a playoff series? that's why playoff rounds are best of 7 - one win isn't indicative of anything; this is the NHL any team can win on any given night
Seems like it
have you seen this thread...
and only 16 more goals for Barzal to catch Tavares
well there's a lot more excitement it seems tonight hah
I'm assuming they paid for the full season.
because I don't have a time machine and posted 20 minutes ago when it was +10? Clearly Isles fans were upvoting shit like that immediately, to play it off as comments in here being 'not bad' is disingenuous at best.
Canada's economy is actually doing great overall, just Alberta and the Maritimes (of course) are going through some difficulty right now.
"I can't control everyone in this city!" he says as he tosses his coffee cup out the window. "I can't control everyone in this theatre!" he says as he lights up a cigarette. Take some personal responsibility for your mess, whether it be litter, smoke, or CO2 emissions. How awfully convenient that someone else is to blame.
I'm assuming this was a while ago? Because you've been able to do this for over a year now.
He's been spotted.
A positive article about the country on r/Canada!? &gt; 52% upvoted Hah, of course.
Uh, hello. What brings you back to a two day old GDT to respond to this? Odd.
Well the numbers don't matter but it's pretty funny someone is still actively downvoting Leafs fans days after the game ended
My $1400/m studio in Tokyo was 350 sq ft. This was inside the Yamanote near Shinjuku Gyoen Mae. Like any city, location is a big factor. But what Tokyo does better is having train accessible suburbs where prices are mostly accessible for the middle class - but in return you're on a packed train for 2+ hours a day.
It shouldn't be banned, but it also shouldn't be used as a weapon by an offended MP during committee - that's inappropriate.
An election, not Harper, killed the last bill and Scheer just said he would allow his MPs to introduce anti-abortion bills. I can't keep correcting you all night, get your facts straight before making false comments. edit: again dude, downvoting 20 seconds after I reply isn't helping your credibility - if you don't want to get called out stop misrepresenting reality
more that the same shit isn't getting called for the Raps; the FVV shot should have been a +1 with how the refs are calling things for the Warriors
&gt;Interestingly, in terms of ridings, the four regions are also rather equal--which one might consider surprising given the population disparity between the largest and smallest ridings (the least populous riding, Labrador, has 27k people; while Brantford—Brant, the most populous, has 132k). However, in the end, the red region has 80 ridings, the green region 83, the purple region 86 and the orange region 89. Outside of some outliers, it makes sense they'd be equally distributed since Elections Canada used the ["Representation Formula"](https://www.elections.ca/content.aspx?section=res&amp;dir=cir/red/form&amp;document=index&amp;lang=e) for drawing the electoral district boundaries which generally try to meet the electoral quotient which is approx. 110,000 people per riding. House of Commons is rep by pop after all. Now the Senate on the other hand...
Yep, overlay a map of the shield and rockies and there's your answer why distribution looks the way it does.
&gt;Trolley buses are still in use all over the world. The immediate torque on electric motors makes these very useful on routes with lots of inclines. *Cue memories of living in Vancouver and the bus drivers having to hop out to return the poles to the wires (I'm sure there's more technical terms for these things).
&gt; Poor guy probably can’t buy a bag of milk in peace anymore. Oh well :) Things only heard in Ontario.
thanks, my bad
Yes, usually when less money comes in organizations look to cut spending. The fact this RFP was cancelled before the Sun article is pretty damning that it was a normal review and not damage control to bar PR.
He's one more example (hence the quote saying 'more' rather than just 'proof') of a viewpoint. You're not fairly representing the quote here. On a side note, what's happening with /u/undelete these days? People getting upvoted below for saying cultures should be killed and LGBTQ lifestyles promote pedophilia, broken families, and "promiscuity" (the horror!!) What the fuck.
These guys were never invited so projection of anger, bitterness, and jealousy.
Dude's just an abrasive super partisan Conservative, don't spend too much time.
nope
Serge I-goaltend whoops
grow some balls refs and t green up
&gt; You cannot survey such a small representation and get anywhere close to that accuracy, especially when it comes to politics. This is how literally every single poll is run, no company ever gets data from every single member of a province or country and most are about 1000 people with a 3% error margin. From experience and math we know these are usually accurate. Pew has a decent article explaining this: https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/09/08/understanding-the-margin-of-error-in-election-polls/
up by 4... lol
F L O P L O P
what a miss, holding on Siakam's leg fuck off refs
&gt;The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread. -Anatole France When you treat people exactly the same all the time, without recognizing structural differences you're perpetuating those inequalities. The Canadian state has different responsibilities to indigenous Canadians, they're part of our constitution.
refs missed that pasta slash
that was weak af but still a headbutt, what the fuck rask?
as someone who's been mostly in all the Raptors /r/NBA GDTs after the Leafs went out I forgot how goddamn negative this place is
Calder Cup?
lol those 5 seconds from Krug, push a guy from behind then dive
Bruins bench and throwing shit on the ice, quelle surprise
None really likes the status quo with FPTP, but there's no consensus on an alternative. Kinda reminds me of the Senate debate, to be honest.
imagine believing the Canadian Liberal Party is "far left" They're negotiating free trade deals with Europe and Asia, buying pipelines to export non-renewable fuels, staunchly supporting business-favourable policies like the TFW program... they are not "far left" by any measure.
warriors aren't going to shoot 90% the whole game &amp; 100% from 3, Raps still in this
The reports of the Raptors' death are greatly exaggerated
man, flop more curry
hahah they don't call that foul on kawhi
and GS fans thinking this will continue, worst shooting by the raptors all series and just won by a point
[The initial news report](http://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/AJ201904190048.html) [An article with English translations and video of the father's plea](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2019/04/25/national/man-whose-wife-daughter-died-tokyo-crash-involving-elderly-driver-calls-safer-society/#.XP-4Jy0ZPOR) edit: corrected URL for the second link, first link has video of the aftermath which has images of the injured
hey hey, digging up someone's history and holding them to account for words they wrote or spoke is against r/canada's rules! Ooof, there's a lot of doozy's in that speech but this might be my favourite crazy point: &gt;Abraham Lincoln has been credited with this quote, which goes something like this, “How many legs would a dog have if you counted the tail as a leg?” The answer is just four. Just because a tail is called a leg does not make it a leg. If Bill C-38 passes, governments and individual Canadians will be forced to call a tail a leg, nothing more, but that is not inconsequential, for its effect on marriage, such an integral building block of our society, would have far-reaching effects.
which one? they both work for me (and I've no subscription to either)
Ah, gotcha.
&gt; They could be light-skinned black. Or Latino. And that's the problem with intentionally-vague police descriptions. Or because skin colour might be an ambiguous identifier as you're pointing out? Not all people picture the same thing when they hear "black" or "white" or "latino". &gt;People just start speculating and if the skin colours are left out people start to fill in the blanks. No, only racists start speculating at what skin colour someone has if it's 'left out'. What difference does it make if they were white, black, or whatever?
There's more to freedom than speech.
When the plurality of Reddit are white, teenage American men it's unsurprising they would be unfamiliar with colonialism or are sympathetic to the benefits derived by the west from it. The people most directly impacted aren't posting on /r/pics comments. I'm hoping it's just ignorance coupled with youthful anti-establishment rebellion... I'm hoping.
haha, ref calling out the Bruin for his embellishment those hand waves "get the fuck up"
You don't seriously think this is some kinda defensive clinic happening right now? it's sloppy and chippy hockey from both teams. 2014 team Canada? Now that was a defensive hockey at it's finest.
the two goals in 17 seconds to lose the cup would be worse, no?
well this is what happens when Boston isn't gifted 4 pp's a game, they've been average 5v5 all playoffs
this 'scramble parking' is how my employer avoids having to count the *potential* for a parking space as a taxable benefit; there's no guarantee you'll get a spot from day to day
This rule was ended once Moses parted the USB-C
hah, thanks
flopping is GSW's lifeblood
curry, livingston making up for lowry man
hah, got 'em
Speaking as someone who teaches that course; you had an awful teacher. Unsurprising, as Civics is often the dumping ground for admin to place underperforming or otherwise teachers outside their specialization. The number of Civics teachers who also have a background and teachable in political science is low, very low. It's a half credit course, not a prerequisite for anything, and students don't take it seriously. The example you gave about the queen is covered under "roles in government" - the curriculum has a suggested question for the specific expectation B2.5: "What is the significance of the queen in Canada’s constitutional monarchy?” not to mention how important the roles of the Governor General and Lieutenant Governor play. Sorry you had a shitty teacher. The course itself is actually quite good, but the resources schools provide for Civics is low.
He made it about police rather than pride. That's on Ford. He also said politicians shouldn't be in parades like two fucking days ago.
Sorted by homicide rate, it's still 45th. Not sure why gun homicides are worse than knife or blunt instrument ones...
Congrats? The [Cavs 2016](https://www.cleveland.com/metro/2016/06/teen_accused_in_cleveland_cavs.html) one did.
Violent crime is counted differently in Canada (where 14 different crimes are classified 'violent') than in the US (where only four are considered 'violent'). [Wikipedia actually has a whole section about it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_Canada#Comparisons): &gt;A 2001 Statistics Canada study concluded that comparisons with the U.S. on homicide rates were the most reliable. Comparison of rates for six lesser incident crimes was considered possible but subject to more difficulty of interpretation. For example, types of assaults receive different classifications and laws in Canada and the U.S., making comparisons more difficult than homicides. So, following on that recommendation Canada's is 1.8/100,000 and the US is 5.3/100,000 basically three times more.
&gt; Most pollution comes from 3 huge companies In Canada? Maybe you're thinking be sector because that seems highly unlikely seeing the breakdown of CO2 emissions by sector here: https://www.neb-one.gc.ca/nrg/ntgrtd/mrkt/snpsht/2019/01-03cndhstrclghgmssn-eng.html &gt;there's only so much I can fit in my blue bin. That's not the behaviour a tax is trying to change. It's what you're purchasing that gets thrown out, or the fact you drove 15 minutes to a Wal Mart to buy that singular item in the first place. &gt;They'd rather frighten us and use CC as a weapon for votes. I agree it's being used as an election issue but if you don't recognize the impact and threat to Canada's future from climate change by now, I highly implore you to spend some time reading this very brief overview (and it has links to larger academic reports) - https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/climate-change/impacts.html
&gt; They can be brought around if they are convinced by the evidence the same as anyone. All signs point to no on this. That's the frightening thing with the current climate (heh) where people actively dismiss evidence. There's a guy above who doesn't believe a report because it was "probably written by someone from Toronto" - how on earth can this kind of active rebuttal of evidence be changed?
No, this is getting just the tip.
From fake news to fake Nobel Prizes? I think you guys need a new schtick.
Are there really people on this sub who have never played basketball? Like really?
Scheer would do away with them in an instant if he thought it was politically possible. Here's what Scheer thinks, it's on record [as he spoke out against a bill for gay marriage in the HoC](https://openparliament.ca/debates/2005/4/5/andrew-scheer-1/only/): &gt;Justice La Forest is saying that marriage exists primarily for the procreation of human beings. It is the essence of marriage and its primary focus. There is nothing more important to society than the raising of children, for its very survival requires it. &gt;Homosexual unions are by nature contradictory to this. There is no complementarity of the sexes. Two members of the same sex may use their God-given free will to engage in acts, to cohabit and to own property together. They may commit themselves to monogamy. They may pledge to remain in a loving relationship for life. In that sense they have many of the collateral features of marriage, but they do not have its inherent feature, as they cannot commit to the natural procreation of children. They cannot therefore be married. Then he voted against the bill: &gt;When this bill comes to a vote, I will be casting my ballot according to my conscience, on behalf of my constituents and for what I believe will be for the good of the nation. I can say with some authority that the vast majority of my constituents want me to vote in favour of traditional marriage. I will therefore be voting against this bill. I will be casting my vote freely, with no coercion from my leader or my party. I am proud to be able to do so. I hope that all members will vote freely on this matter. Scheer can give all the platitudes in the world when seeking election in 2019 but ultimately the guy does not want to see gay people get married because they can't have children.
An uncomfortable truth for r/Canada as it seems people would rather try and bury the past than recognize Scheer's failings.
Because there were just more effects in total, you're using a disingenuous way of phrasing it - it's not the volume of practical effects people care about, it's how obvious CGI is... and the awful CGI detracts from the prequels.
Not all of us understood German as kids.
did you mean scarcity? a glut would imply there's a ton of pork on the market right now
I'm sure they already have more millionaires but that doesn't matter much to Canada's governance. To say that China "controls" Canada is absolutely laughable. Why would we even be in this situation if Trudeau was beholden to Beijing?
So it's the car manufacturers. The same ones which have 50 ICE powered vehicles to every 1 electric car? Of course there are industries that profit from green tech, but they're dwarfed by "big oil" which has a greater vested interest in the world not moving away from their lucrative products anytime soon. The solar panels thing was me being facetious, by the way. Glad to know that your argument is the same old tired denialism though.
The analogy does hold because people aren't getting the same rewards, different tiers have different results in GA. The #1 player in Chromium gets worse rewards than the lowest ranked Aurodium one.
Was your Executrix mission against the Endurance? I started with my maxed bugs and spy + soldier were killed before I even took a turn when facing Kenobi' new ship.
Wiggidy-wack? Nope, just regular type.
They'd rather keep freeloading and letting others pay for their actions. Personal responsibility? Bah, that's for other people!
[pure NATO](https://militarymachine.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/1280px-F-117A_GBU-28.jpeg)
What a boring 3rd period. I want to see more like that.
&gt; as long as the communist/socialist alliance holds The communist party received 0.02% of the votes last election, they're not in power in any form. &gt;how many of their (ex) Prime Ministers or notable political figures have sought medical treatment in the US rather than suffer with treatment thru their 'free' health insurance? If you have money, the US is the best place to get healthcare in the world. Thing is, not all of us are 1%'ers (by definition) so socialized healthcare tends to work out better for the vast majority of people. Healthcare is done by triage, hip replacements are low on the priority list while life-threatening injuries are not. My mother was diagnosed with a terminal illness and was seen by a specialist the same day, MRI, blood-work, everything. You guys down south have waiting times too, though. &gt;In short, I think Canada's best days are behind them, in the history books. The cost of implementing socialism will sink them. No offense, but coming to this conclusion after spending one week in a country is frankly laughable.
Exec 1: "We need to find a location to shoot a post-Apocalyptic fi..." Exec 2: "Buffalo, NY" Exec 1: "Ah, got it in one"
Or maybe Canada isn't all doom and gloom like r/Canada tries so hard to make it seem like?
99 you say?
Yanks and being sore winners
A darker grey is breaking through a lighter one
how is that not icing?
fuck off Rielly, take the man...
[what did I say?](https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/ej75uu/game_thread_toronto_maple_leafs_22145_at_winnipeg/fcw5y5m/)
make up call for missing the hold like 5 seconds before
because he'll get burned like on the Laine goal... he's not making good decisions this year
the exposure or white balance on one of the cameras is way off
Man, Schiefele is playing like a fucking asshole tonight
don't jinx it man
I wouldn't say "no attempts" - certainly less than Germany, but the argument is generally about the sincerity of apologies rather than the lack of them.
I get it, and the subs rules about it, so my comment wasn't directed at you personally. It does seem rather arbitrary the flags deemed NSFW seem to reflect a certain perspective when there's historical injustices associated with many others that aren't made to have the same treatment.
This is the better analogy, all the power and speed doesn't matter if it's getting output to some $100 Staples special 1080p panel, or $60 tires.
The dream of the 90s is still alive /u/LionManMan don't give it up!
GOT references? It's 2020, man. This is the way. I have spoken.
[London, Ontario named 2nd best London for 161st straight year](https://www.thebeaverton.com/2016/03/london-ontario-named-2nd-best-london-for-161st-straight-year/)
A 50% increase!
Don't hassle him...
they play 'gritty' with borderline hooks, holds, and picks and don't get called - just like the bruins
HOLY... WHAT A MOVE FAPPENEN!
as the highest checking team in the NHL I'm surprised at how amazingly clean the Isles play - not one penalty all night!
good game, Hyman with the EN... as usual
They're really poor and have significant drug problems.
That article looks to be written to drive sales to the watch safe company it has a coupon code affiliation at the end. At least they did disclose the fact they met with the shop owner. Careful about taking what is essentially paid advertising at face value.
so dumb, just stop refs
his own player interfered with him
6 day old account, not surprising
shots went from 4-6 to 10-6 real quick
If it felt like McDavid was always on the ice in the first it's because he played almost half the period - 9:10. Highest on the Leafs was Ceci with 7:35. Two powerplays obviously contributed but that's at lot of time for a single period
ah yeah, that's not a good goal to give up
Matthews is having an off game, unfortunately
Is it more likely to increase frequency or tighten timings?
The political news up here in Canada? Trudeau grew a beard.
These are the types who would change the iconic Vader Obi Wan duel to some spinning, lightsaber throwing, CGI fan edit if they had their way.
That's pretty much the historical experience; Canada's booms and busts are usually more muted than the swings seen in the US economy.
I wonder how many enthusiastic upvotes this post has from people who actually believe this
&gt; Assuming an even split of sales between Gen 1, Gen 2, and AirPods Pro, Airpods revenue was $12 billion in 2019 Haha, what the hell? That's like looking at sales of all iPhones in 2019 and estimating an equal number of XR, XS, and XS Max sales and extrapolating revenue from that. In reality; the ratios as percentage of total sales were XR: 38%. XS Max 13.5% XS 7.5%
I went to a game for like $10
0.500sv% is not ideal
they *didn't* call that against Tavares? lol
1 back from the Nak
Freddy's season in a fucking nutshell. Stands on his head during OT then lets in 3 outta 4...
did you start watching in the third?
Do you think the Quebec City mosque shooting was a hoax?
I'm pretty sure TD rejects PINs that have birthdate of the account automatically.
Yep, a responsible parent does both. This isn't an iPad where getting 30 more minutes of screentime is the consequence.
-4 Barrie -4 Tavares along with the goalies, these guys are having a night
Jeffler did some pretty cringey shit harassing Bozak back in the day, but that was a long time ago. Some people have a hard time letting bygones be bygones, especially after Jeff apologized.
cmon hatty for matty
Careers is the 0.5 credit course that's paired with Civics in Grade 10. If you're at an OSSD granting high school your students need that half credit to graduate. Maybe admin lets them take it in the summer so everyone does?
100% stick lift = hooking... Okay refs
lol Rittich got a piece of it too; goalies need to play the game of their lives to limit the Leafs to under 3 goals right now
Willy feeling it... means I'm feeling the willy
"ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME" said Hyman and myself at the exact same time
how the fuck is that not a hooking call?
[In Canada](https://mobilesyrup.com/2020/01/15/rogers-starts-5g-network-rollout-in-vancouver-toronto-ottawa-montreal/): &gt;Rogers has started to roll out Canada’s first 5G network in downtown Vancouver, Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal so it is ready when 5G devices become available. &gt;The Rogers 5G network will expand to over 20 more markets by the end of the year.
Nice to meet you Chronometer Officially Certified.
Depends on the store. A place like Starbucks an Assistant Manager gets stock options, health insurance, paid time off, tuition assistance, RRSP matching, and about 50k a year. You're right, teaching is a better gig for overall compensation but it also needs two degrees, certification, is unionized and so draws from a smaller pool of labour - of course salaries are going to be higher.
Pretty damning evidence for how unionization helps promote liveable salaries for the middle class.
Not sure if Woodbine is open in the winter.
he's been really bad for two months; like 0.904 in Dec and 0.893 in Jan with GAA of 3.03 and **3.73** (!!) respectively. Even including his incredible November stats, Andersen is 25th in SV% for goalies over 10GP this year. The leafs are getting way below average goaltending this season, unfortunately.
Guess what Andersen was doing during that streak? Not playing all that well. The team in front of him outscored the average goalie performance. He had a 0.904sv% in December and has a 0.893 in January. We all know Andersen is better than this, that's what makes it so unnerving.
I found the 58 too insubstantial on my wrist for a sports watch so ended up with the GMT... but of course this is a personal preference.
It's usually the smaller cocks who carry.
Not one iota of the Ontario Teachers Pension Plan is controlled by the union, it's a completely seperate entity run independently and has some of the best returns for an institutional investor in the whole world. The point of a pension isn't to support provincial infrastructure but to ensure solvency for its beneficiaries. Infrastructure investing is what the Ontario government should be doing. People criticizing things that have no clue about, par for the course here in r/Canada
4 months after, it's also about the time Rise will be released on Blu-Ray so that makes more sense... It's still dumb but I can see the connection.
I've had her at 7*/G12 for two years now it feels like. At least she's been useful in Resistance teams on offense.
I think the more egregious thing isn't the concept of someone holding conservative values but rather they're politically aligned and directly connected to Ford himself. At least that's how I read it.
Agents also get to put "Guaranteed sale over asking!" or "95% of homes sold over asking price!" on their advertisements. It's a dumb game people play.
Well yes, and no. Obviously the large media outlets in the US favour a US-centric worldview and often work with the Whitehouse. But these are independent journalists with freedom to criticize government, I mean fucking Watergate came out of WaPo's investigative journalism. Does RT ever publish anything critical of the Russian Government or of Putin? I think that's a pretty telling difference.
Passions are important, but so are PAYCHEQUES! Open fer bizness
I worked in Japan and had a coworker confess to visiting PEI eight times over 20 years as she had read Anne in junior high school and became obsessed with the series.
Reporting of infant mortality is actually highly subjective depending on the country; it's not just Cuba which has different criteria from the WHO.
Right, I should have taken a closer look at the photo it's pretty obvious they're not the new versions.
It's a great feeling though because you can talk about the episode and anticipate the next. Dumping the whole season to binge might feel good in the moment but it's ultimately less satisfying of an experience IMHO.
3rd party sellers on Amazon have also quadrupled their prices. Good luck finding buyers guys. https://ca.camelcamelcamel.com/product/B002AUVWSC
I'd love to see Basket Case live in concert, such a nostalgia trip.
**Krusty the Clown**: Now, boys, the network has a problem with some of your lyrics. Do you mind changing them for the show? **Anthony Kiedis:** Forget you, clown. **Chad Smith:** Yeah, our lyrics are like our children, man. No way. **Krusty the Clown:** Well, okay, but here where it says, "What I got you gotta get and put it in ya," how about just, "What I'd like is I'd like to hug and kiss ya." **Flea:** Wow. That's much better. **Arik Marshall:** Everyone can enjoy that.
you could finish the GAS event without bringing B1 to relic? that was what put me over the top
Probably using cartoons as primary sources to have students think about what may have factored into the start of the war. They're particularly good at capturing perspectives about others as political cartoons are generally enhance stereotypes of beliefs at the time.
The CBC had wall-to-wall coverage of SNC, so yes.
when they want the not-Leafs to win?
and give Kadri 3 games... somehow
I lived in Japan for a while and they have a 500 yen coin, which is basically equivalent to $5. It wasn't awful, their damn aluminum 1 yen coins were a way bigger nuisance.
I'd be curious what source you're getting that from. CNN has it captioned as a medical worker ~~doctor~~ getting ready to travel to Wuhan here: https://edition.cnn.com/2020/01/30/asia/wuhan-coronavirus-update-china-spread-intl-hnk/index.html
&gt;*No free house for you, KWEEEEEN. Quarantine that.* Looks like women are already living rent-free in his head.
A place like /r/daddit might not be exactly what you're looking for (seems like most posts are with kids under 6) but it's definitely one of the only really positive male spaces I've found on Reddit. Tons of support for other guys in situations like yours and just a general good vibe.
&gt; Half of the NHL players are dumber than average Although education is not directly correlated with intelligence, only 30% of NHL players went to a semester of college, that means 70% have no tertiary education at all. Compared to the US average, 61% have "some college" and 41% have completed an associates or bachelor's degree. I would be very confident in saying NHL players are below average in intelligence compared to the general population. Conversely, they're a million times better at hockey than an average person which is not exactly a bad trade-off.
Jackson State too, happened 11 days after Kent State and involved police opening up on a black college dormitory after taking "sniper fire" which was never substantiated; 2 dead students. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackson_State_killings &gt;Authorities say they saw a sniper on one of the building's upper floors and were being sniped in all directions... an FBI search for evidence of sniper fire was negative.
Practising for an air show, must have involved some low-speed maneuvers. &gt;"The engine malfunction was likely the result of a stuck ratio boost piston in the right engine main fuel control that prevented the engine from advancing above flight idle when maximum afterburner was selected," says the report. &gt;"The large thrust imbalance between the left and the right engines caused the aircraft to depart controlled flight and the aircraft was unrecoverable within the altitude available." https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/investigation-finds-stuck-piston-likely-led-to-crash-of-cf-18-hornet-in-air-show-practice/article6220481/
Does Trump think the message of deploying troops as a "dominating presence" is a **good thing**? This feels like a precursor to some *Reichstagsbrandverordnung* shit.
but firing indiscriminately into a crowd? whatever happened to "know your target and what's beyond it" the 2A people always chant
sure, fair enough but I always hold professionals to higher standards
[black lives Mater!](https://dawsonstoybox.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/hot-rod-mater-chase_front-angle.jpg)
it was all over r/conservative being used as justification to shoot at protesters
They're the bootwearers - hell, they talk about how wonderful all this overtime will be to help them buy more 'toys' once this protest is over
pretty sure his ilk use a different nickname for MLK...
Now, of course you won but with this board is the better play to replace Momma with another coiler? Not sure what her +5 +5 to the two 2/2s and maybe RNG beasts have in contrast to a +16+16 and the deathrattles of another snake.
I heard that 6 year old David Suzuki was a real bastard for being locked up in a camp because of his ancestry while people across the world were committing atrocities.
When I stayed in Seoul it was nationalist groups. Twice I had a nice young woman start talking with me about why I was in Korea and if she could bring her "parents" by... both times the "parents" came with an armful of books about revisionist Korean history saying shit like Korea invented the lightbulb and airplanes. It was really weird.
uj/ Isn't the largest "Datejust 41" actually 39.5mm?
Japan has their own history of violent direct action against the government by protestors. Early 20th century: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Era_of_Popular_Violence Mid 20th century: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Koza_riot https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zengakuren 21st century: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zengakuren
Owning guns doesn't make you a 'minority' in any legal sense, that's just ridiculous. Would you say that because I'm over six feet that makes me a 'minority' too? Your point is even more asinine since at least I can't control my height unlike deciding to purchase firearms or not. The views and opinions of gun owners as stakeholders to this regulation *is important* but this line of thinking that gun owners are a minority group deserving of protection through Section 15 is an ineffective way to express that.
In the article it said the Buffalo PD spokesman's statement was issued at 8:50pm that he "tripped and fell" then the video came out about 30 minutes later and all of a sudden the two cops are on leave. Without the video the police would have kept up the lie and this man would have no justice, no recourse to the brutal treatment that severely injured him.
the definition of "not resisting" yet the cops took a dozen whacks at her with their billy clubs... gross
Like every Canadian city, they're trying to desperately outdo what Toronto already did and better. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpJXAavGpi4
How is protesting "destroys rule of law"? I thought you guys had freedom down there in the US?
&gt;seems for all the talk about the coming "race war" they are just staying at home and angerly posting. /r/beholdthemasterrace
Not a joke, just the 70s.
Pandering to the ballerina vote, it's like at least 80 maybe 100 solid people in Canada. At least that pirouette was on pointe.
if you watch the video in the link I only could see like 5-6 people out of the hundreds who weren't wearing masks, I wonder if the organizers were handing them out?
The premise of your post was that Trudeau was hypocritical for having armed bodyguards. The Liberals don't even want to get rid of the majority of guns in civilian hands, so of course the military and police are going to remain armed. It made no sense.
I worked for a city that hired four ALTs direct, all guys: 3 white and 1 black. The black teacher was stopped four times in 8 months by the police asking for his gaijin card. Not one white teacher was ever stopped.
No it isn't, Canada has a federal police force in the RCMP.
cheers
That's a good point, Cars (and 2 &amp; 3) is almost universally viewed as Pixar's worst films but who cares if you're 5? My son loves Lightning and Mater, he doesn't care about plot being cohesive he likes watching cars go fast and talking.
B-but world building... oh here comes a flying space pear
They asked me how well I understood theoretical physics. I said I had a theoretical degree in physics. They said welcome aboard.
That's why I qualified my statement, you're right that it's always good to be aware of presentism in applying current values to historic events/actions.
it's more like 6-7 builds that can get #1 Deathrattle Beasts Mama Bear Beasts DS+Poison Murlocs Big Dragons w/Nadina Menagerie Divine Shield comp maybe Deathrattle Mech then there's oddities like Exodia that can win just are really hard to pull off
wait 4 hours then "sort by controversial"
it's 243
State and nation are two different things. The US went and fucked that up calling their sub-national units "states".
My point is that people obviously highlight differences within cultures they're familiar with while simply not knowing the divisions which similarly exist between other places. This leads to stereotyping and statements like "The US is 50 different countries like the EU!" Of course the US has religious minority groups in Utah and the history of colonization then more recent wave of Cuban immigrants in Florida brought Spanish and Catholicism (plus the French influence in Louisiana, etc...) but you can find religious division in Canada or linguistic division in Switzerland too.
Fair enough, if you're speaking to the Criminal Code that makes sense.
the mack has been smacked
That's going to be a good hero, not as good as Noz but good.
definitely a hero for the lizard build! I think outside of that edge case she's going to end up a balanced, late-game hero due to the 7 gold cost
well not too early, you need to spend 7 gold on rolls before it's active; so you're either sacrificing a lot of early game or it will come more naturally as you're transitioning to the midgame where it will be a big but not overwhelming advantage.
Yeah, she seems like a good hero but not OP to me, we'll see... famous last words though!
You have a pretty extensive posting history in The_Donald to feign ignorance of American politics...
Dude is straight up lying, this has nothing to do with Trump. He also posts a ton to /r/politics, an exclusively US politics sub. "I'm pretty ignorant of American politics" my ass.
You do understand that we're a federal country and the issues of systemic racism aren't confined to policies thar are set only in Ottawa? Legault is out there saying racism doesn't exist in Quebec - of course the Prime Minister can't snap his fingers and change everything for the better.
Okay, I can see your point but this isn't some esoteric conversation about the different way delegates are appointed by states in the EC or the checks on powers between Executive and Legislative that someone from Australia wouldn't be familiar with.
The article was light on details, what culture? Skateboarding?
Pretty much, my family spends on nice things (like parmesan reggiano and nice cuts of meat) but we infrequently eat out, never get delivery food, and enjoy cooking at home. We probably don't save too much money comparatively (usually $4-500 month on food for three people) but it makes life enjoyable and were all healthier.
\**head explodes**
This dude calls Obama a "piece of shit Kenyan" I don't think he gets the nuance or cares to understand the difference.
Wait, so you're saying systemic racism *doesn't* exist in the US at all?
I always assumed the cuban cigar thing was more that they were illegal to purchase for Americans that actual quality
The barriers don't stop traffic altogether, but it certainly slows down cars a lot on Duplex. I've driven a few blocks along the street and the cones and cement barriers require some avoidance. This is a street often used as a bypass for Yonge and many drivers view the stop signs from Castlefield to Lawrence as only suggestions.
Companies, countries, and pension funds need to park their money somewhere, it's why places like Germany can even start charging negative interest on their bonds; it's cheaper to take the loss there than find other places to park that cash. tl;dr is that demand is outstripping supply [here's a good breakdown by NPR; start listening around the 8 minute mark](https://www.npr.org/2019/09/20/762748958/episode-940-interest-rates-why-so-negative)
Should've went for a custom watercooling loop, they could have installed RGB too!
It's heavily implied; security coded door, surveillance, and who would know if there were black workers there in the first place?
&gt; But he is george so he had shields ready for cleave. Ah, yeah that's not going to help on shielded pirates.
&gt; The majority doesn't care about the sequels. That's a hard thing to quantify but as a teacher I would say a lot of my students enjoy the new Star Wars movies and like to talk about them. Rey especially is a character a lot of the girls in my classes look up to.
Just got it. New GAC, 5v5 the only thing interesting is a feat about winning with a "dinner guest." Pretty much a nothingburger.
Looks a bit like Caledon. A lot of the back roads south of Orangeville, east of Guelph and north of Oakville are twisty and hilly like this.
Isn't Pack Leader a wolf? It has no tag, not unprecedented.
Well Datsyuk's dangles burned so many others during his time in the NHL, I guess the only one he has left to burn is himself.
Here's your chance to own a slightly used Bentley! https://www.impactauto.ca/Vehicles/VehicleDetails?itemid=1365947&amp;t=1592486539506
They do look like the generic Microsoft ["Block Arrows"](https://www.howtogeek.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/xarrows-pic12.jpg.pagespeed.gp+jp+jw+pj+ws+js+rj+rp+rw+ri+cp+md.ic.0f2T41LWzm.jpg) you can find in the Shapes tool.
I wouldn't be surprised if /r/apple (and /r/tesla) have a disproportionately high number of investors posting who have a vested interest in the fiscal performance of the company. They're not interested in talking about things that might negatively affect their portfolio. The constant focus on stock price/earnings is honestly something you don't see much of in other tech or product related subs.
this is your brain on /r/Conservative
interesting, I didn't realize it was only frameworks, thanks.
I mean Asia is clearly underrepresented; no pictures from north India/Nepal for mountains? No photos from southern China of its Karst geography? From the islands of Indonesia? Those countries are home to like 3 billion people combined.
pretty sure that guy is from the US
No, the OP who said his ex-girlfriend's father killed a couple and got 2 years is from the United States.
&gt; To put it into perspective.... Trumps approval rating was higher than Trudeaus. Eh, they're not really comparable with the two-party US system to Canada's multi-party.
Sure, and that's still affected by the fact they have a two-party system. US Presidents have enjoyed much higher ratings that Canadian PMs throughout history.
That's a big problem in a lot of history classes, many HS history teachers love getting into the details of war and spend inordinate amounts of time teaching every battle and subterfuge to the detriment of a whole swath of history (usually post 1945) which is, in my opinion, more significant to shaping our current lives. It comes down to your philosophy around learning history. Is it about great men who did great things? Or is it about understanding events and ideas that shaped the path to where we are now?
Killing grandma to own the libs
he did speed up towards the end of the ramp, but it was like three steps and nowhere near a 'sprint' https://youtu.be/2tszIXno2Q8?t=15
a real life homer simpson https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0V_E_Jnyhks
&gt; Or what closing it forever could do. Yes, autarky is certainly working out for North Korea; an economy we could only hope to emulate!
I think it's an interesting design compared to the derivative S, bland 3, and bulbous Y. Change the weird aero wheels and it would be pretty cool looking.
can you set default apps? that's the biggest thing keeping me from iOS even though I'm a MacOS user
$300 a year subscription - they ended it in 2019 though
Foundation? Ambitious...
MS already developed office for their own Windows 10 on ARM OS
he comes from the Canadian equivalent of the_donald; /r/metacanada they're light on logic and heavy on "fuck dark people, and Trudeau who's also dark because blackface lololol" Here's the current top 5 posts: 1. Islamic TERROR the ((((Media)))) isn't telling you about! 2. *Diversity, Inclusion and Progress* are **bad** AMIRITE? 3. A video from Lindsay Shepard (of Jordan Peterson fame) literally defending what this Dallas employee did 4. "I'm a minority and think all minorities should assimilate into white, monarchist culture" 5. BLM is a George Soros conspiracy *Bonus: The recent mass shooting in Nova Scotia was committed by an "RCMP agent" They're a fucking embarrassment to this country
never tell me the odds
Personal finance (insofar as making a budget and planning for the costs of post-secondary) are already a part of the mandatory careers course, but it's not the main focus.
the personal finance strand was added in 2019
Absolutely! Oh, and don't read Homage to Catalonia, that book doesn't exist.
but who was harmed? you're saying that normal people were made out to be racist - who? no one was named in this, it was being investigated and the result was that it isn't an intentional act.
Because it was posted relatively early in the morning for the US east coast, I bet it gets locked/deleted on the next hour
I dunno, but you're definitely going to get screwed.
Grimes is Canadian too. It's Canada all the way down ^^^to ^^^California
Dog and Ekop (obviously). I'm not really into the professional scene so much; maybe you can identify more? https://twitter.com/NurseBaemax/status/1275174857903419393
It's grown on me, except the wheels with those aero covers. Ditch them for a bit more traditional set-up and I think it would look pretty awesome.
you can get cheap leather or nato straps for like $10~$20
A good researcher will find corroborative sources and not trust a single book; because like you said, books can be biased.
&gt; not withstanding [sic] clause which nullifies anything in the charter the government needs or wants to nullify when ever they deem it That's completely untrue, section 33 applies specifically to certain sections of the Charter; namely section 2 or sections 7 to 15. The gov't can't simply invoke the nwc to suspend elections or other section 3 democratic rights, come on. Also, property rights are not specified in the Charter even though PET wanted them (thanks Saskatchewan!) but that doesn't mean they don't exist in Canada. The Bill of Rights (1960) *does* and Section 26 of the Charter specifically outlines that [it doesn't abrogate existing rights, including property among others](https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/csj-sjc/rfc-dlc/ccrf-ccdl/check/art26.html).
The ISG and the Senate as a body is de facto partisan and has been since Confederation, the Supreme Court, no. edit: that people are downvoting makes me shake my head, I thought r/pfc was better than this
I'm sure he was just trying to help spell out NIGERIA... Small things like posting a "G" after NI aren't the same as burning crosses, sure, but when that's multiplied by hundreds/thousands of users just 'having fun' you end up with /r/ActualPublicFreakout
Pretty sure that's only the wading pools since they're sitting water needing chlorination; I've never seen a splash pad staffed by anyone from the city.
Will all the support staff be part of this 'bubble' too? Like the people cleaning the players' rooms, restaurant staff, security, arena support, etc...? Because if these people are locals who go home every night that sounds like a huge risk to the NBA's plans. Unless this bubble is hermetically sealed, the risk of somewhere like Florida seems incredibly high. I can't track down day-by-day numbers but on Friday they had 5800 cases in Orlando where Toronto has around 70.
