Don't forget the partition of Poland.
Yeah, but so do the pro-gun ones.
&gt; Is that... asking for much? Only infringing the second amendment. Not much at all. &gt;I don't think safety regulations and competence requirements on deadly devices of any kind --whether that's bombs, guns, cars, planes, or what have you-- is really asking all that much. That's not a safety regulation, though.
They're the strictest jurisdictions on guns. i.e. it's virtually impossible to get a concealed carry permit there.
Yep. Either that or register with the state.
This is not fun.
The Dimmsdale Dimmadome?
What's your bio?
I guess that's slightly more fun.
Paint your wagon...with blood I bet!
GOT DAMN!
#FUSC
Or Michigan state since we're on the subject.
I'd rather the rose bowl right now.
Trace McChokely?
Can we get a flag for simulation? Not a foul.
He hasn't shown to be spectacular. But he's pretty good. So just a little overrated.
Such a fall from grace does boggle me. Fix it ^^^not ^^^too ^^^quickly.
What rivalry? are you a Bruin in disguise?
Meh. I just want SC to lose, whatever form that comes in.
Betting on Penn State was your first mistake.
Agreed.
Hoping the sugar will deliver... The sugar.
You're not really doubting are you? I think this is pretty much over.
It's the 1st quarter.
They are though.
Always up to no good
I'd like it better if both could lose.
This is a far cry from that game, though.
Fair enough.
Outscored Oregon too.
Rodgers was extremely underrated out of Cal. So who knows.
Why? They shorten themselves to SC.
He's not really on defense.
Calling all people who said this SC team was "the hottest right now".
I don't recall saying Ohio State was the hottest team right now. Not sure what my team's performance has to do with you losing.
The danger is always there.
I think so.
Good if you want to pig out or are drunk.
Not exactly. [Well, not with the new bullet button.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fdV96d91LI)
From what era is your flair?
:'(((
This isn't news. Should have posted to /r/politics for that delicious anti-Trump circlejerk.
Please do. That way we have a result, either way.
Go for 2!
Fun game.
Hey, there's a silver lining.
Doesn't matter; beat Michigan.
Meh. I'm over it. Now I'm just happy: 1. We beat Michigan 2. Michigan lost their bowl game 3. Penn State lost their bowl game.
Japanese Isolationism was also broken at the barrel of a gun. Good ol' gunboat diplomacy.
&gt;This offense is basic FTFY. I had to. Boomer Sooner.
What a throw.
This new "most interesting man" sucks.
I'd hope not. Having a separate joint account would be fine.
They were fun. Some were hilarious, and it also became a meme. Can't retire a meme.
Couldn't agree more.
WTF.
What'd he say?
WTF.
Fair assessment. Though you guys are far better than SC, and who knows maybe they get Bama first round instead. Here's hoping for a bama loss.
Dear, Lord Baby Jesus, this is what I want for Christmas.
&gt;&gt;you can buy more guns &gt; why the f would we want that &gt; Why wouldn't you?
&gt; you can't buy Kinder eggs or jaywalk in the USA. of course they don't care about freedom. &gt; Only neither of those are human rights. False equivalence.
&gt;Good luck overthrowing the government and its military with your little pistol. You're right dying in a concentration or forced labor camp is so much more appealing. Funny. You probably wouldn't have a republic right now if not for guns.
&gt;it's not something anyone actually needs News to me. I'm pretty sure I need to defend myself and those that I love.
Ooh can I do that for terrorists attacks in your country? We'll sit around, talk about how we need to be inclusive, and then not change anything about your immigration policy!
&gt; Yes it is, because there are certain things you need No. It isn't. You don't get to decide what I do or do not need. &gt;I just don't support unrestricted access to them. Just as well because we don't have unrestricted access to them. &gt;It's not, because people don't tend to die from other people being mean to them. Unless they have a gun. It is. Because both are human rights. And of course words have consequences, don't they?
Fine I'll bite. Why is it "sometimes" a good thing?
Only no one is arguing for murder without repercussions. Corporations don't have rights.
&gt; A huge chunk of the world would not agree with that assertion Doesn't matter. It's a human right to self-preservation. Whether you agree that that is a right is beside the point. &gt;They can, with equal validity, claim that they have the 'right' to murder someone. Do you see the problem? No. That's not even close to valid.
Jeez. No fun police over here.
&gt;Restricting their access to weapons that allows them to easily murder scores of people in minutes can only be a good thing. How's that working out? Let's ask France, Germany, and Turkey. &gt; People may still want to kill people, but if they find it's way harder for them to do so, they're far less likely to act on it. Yep at least then they'll use trucks or bombs. So much less likely to act on it, thankfully.
If you don't want to protect your life, fine by me, doesn't mean I should be restricted from protecting mine.
&gt; I don't have gun, I've never felt like I need one to defend myself, neither has anyone I've ever known That's fine. But you're saying that should restrict me from defending myself. Do you see why this is a problem?
There are many differences among these countries. Source on this data? Why is your time frame from 2000? And you say the only difference is access to guns? Why does a country like France, with strict gun regulation, have nearly as many people killed? I guess France's gun regulation isn't strict enough. I thought gun regulation would people off. Why were there attacks at all?
Not much of a protest then.
Nope. You should probably have a little conviction and forego a meal.
Ah so you don't see a problem with restricting others rights. Who's saying to give guns to people who shouldn't be allowed?
I know.
&gt; guns are not a right They are. &gt;They're offensive weapons, not defensive weapons LMAO so even though they're capabilities can be used in defense they're only offensive? Got it. &gt;get a better security system How does a security system defend me? &gt; that will protect you if you're so damn worried about it How will it protect me in a truck attack or bombing? &gt; gun is more likely to hurt or kill you than anyone else. False.
hahaha I can see Agent 47 driving this!
&gt; I'm showing you data, you wanted information I gave it, if you can prove the numbers are wrong I'll happily change them. &gt; I never called the numbers into question. I'm saying your attitude is against guns. &gt;In one country, where two terrorist attacks took place the number are barely equal with a country that has had only one in the same time frame not including You said it would deter them. Why hasn't it deterred them? &gt;. Also, if what you're saying is true, shouldn't America have really low numbers? Not necessarily. Being that there are other differences, but I'll address that in a sec. &gt;Let's have a look at some more numbers. Rate of homicide by country in France, Germany, The UK, Australia, Canada and The US. Rates are per 100,000 so it take population size out of the equation. They've always had lower homicide rates. &gt;That's more than three times anything else there? What's wrong America, I thought guns were supposed to protect you from dying? Why are you getting murdered so much? IKR? Homicide rate falling since the mid '90s with the most guns ever. Good job. If France is "only one country" then so is the US. Take a look at Switzerland. Hell, Australia has more guns than ever. &gt;I said exactly what I mean, and as I've proven, Sure you have. And you're wrong. &gt; people are apparently less likely to act if they don't have the means. THEY RAN PEOPLE OVER WITH TRUCKS. And they still got guns and shot up a concert hall. If only guns had been completely outlawed in France, *then* they'd be safe! &gt; the rest were showing far lower rates that the US or France, and the murder rates are far lower They always were. Before or after gun control, they were. &gt;Have you ever heard of a statistical outlier. \&gt;statistical outlier \&gt;gun control works Only when it doesn't right? &gt;My point stands. Falls flat on its face, more like.
Columbus by any chance?
[Me, as a CA resident, hoping for this to happen.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5A0-u85aAYg&amp;ab_channel=doobiebro26)
The worst part is they think they're progressive. In their minds more laws = good.
Who knew non-enforcement of federal laws was forward leaning. LOL
Name one that has tried this?
No? None of them have tried to start a race war.
ahem.
You don't need scaling. Source: Have a 27" 4k monitor.
Where the fuck is it moral to grab someone you don't even know by the balls?
Good.
Yes, only once have I wanted it. Getting grabbed by the balls isn't ok.
I'm from Socal and I know smashing as having sexual intercourse as well.
Unsubscribe. :(
If it was well known, then wouldn't fans have known that?
FUCK MICHIGAN. FUSC. AND APPARENTLY BOULWARE THINKS IT'S OK TO FUCK CURTIS SAMUEL, WITHOUT CONSENT.
AND WE MADE IT TO THE PLAYOFF. LET THAT SINK IN.
God, the non SRS dash looks so much cleaner.
The girl was hot and we were having sex. Why else? Looked like getting his balls grabbed to me. Either way that's sexual harassment.
/r/RachelCook
How is it not harassment/assault? Just because you're incredulous doesn't make it not.
Yes.
And? That's a) legal and b) not a problem.
Why?
&gt;may or may not be convicted felons or mentally unstable? Nice fear mongering, but no. More than likely it's just non prohibited persons acquiring firearms through private sales.
That's to prevent harm from being done. Sooo what notorious_bigot said.
No.
Yep. How else? Criminals count for naught when my or my loved one's lives are at stake.
No your math is bad, but that's beside the point, in addition to [citation needed]. It's failing because some may slip through the cracks? Then murder laws are failing too.
Because for a start, there have been certainly more than 75 million gun transactions It's a perfect equivalency. It doesn't fail 22% of the time. That assumes that they're all prohibited persons. It's also not anything close to a failure because it's an exception built into law. You're absolutely grasping at straws here.
Nope. Report says no evidence.
Does it? http://observer.com/2016/11/wikileaks-clinton-foundation-plagued-by-corruption-and-conflict/ I'm super duper sure HRC didn't take anything out of Clinton Foundation.
&gt; So yes, there is evidence but no you can't see No. There isn't. We'd see *something* by now if that were the case.
It's converted to semi at the end of conscription.
We did?
CTV? They got it from GVA. Who is GrC's pet project. So no bias.
It means it's the right of the militia!
So you'd be ok with TSA overstepping their bounds, into a field completely outside of their realm, for your agenda? That'd be like NHTSA banning concealed carry in cars.
And yet they kill more people unintentionally than guns do intentionally.
Apparently not.
Ah. Fair point. I agree with that.
The retards come out of the woodwork on /r/politics on guns, don't they? Jesus.
I got news for you...THAT'S SOCIALISM.
I thought that was Stoner.
Trannies? Yes. Bisexuals? Yes. Pan? Sure. Non-binary? Fuck outta here.
Kill me :(
&gt; I guess you missed the part where I said many Americans only think socialism and communism are bad because that's the system the USSR used. I saw it. Noted. Still think socialism is shit. &gt;Would you then also say that the UK, France, and Germany are socialist, simply because they have stronger social programs than the US while also being democracies? More socialist than the US. &gt;As Bernie Sanders continues to say Don't care. He's irrelevant. &gt;we're the only major Western country that doesn't guarantee access to healthcare as a right. So? You're saying we should follow everyone because they're doing it too? Crap reasoning. &gt;For a country that invented things like modern democracy we're doing a shit job of maintaining it. Lol a) not democracy b) doing a fine job of maintaining our federal constitutional republic.
So you're saying gun violence research should have more money in it because we need to research how to make guns safer?
Japan and Korea would like a word.
Happily. There's no way you control for everything. Point stands. ETA: citation needed.
Um where are Japan and Korea?
Or wait for Zen.
Well if you're going to put in butter, surely you should make a roux!
I had that AsRock. What were the differences?
Apparently you're retarded. The OP was "AMD has no ITX form factor cards". That's categorically untrue.
50 W is nothing and 1060 probably doesn't beat it.
Ha I didn't even realize I'd get downvoted for that. Oh well. I don't think it takes that long to cook the flour. Like 2 minutes if we're talking making this for a couple of people. That's enough for fish to cool. But fair points elsewhere.
It means you don't identify with either gender.
So that's battery and theft?
WTF.
Still available?
Ohio State-Michigan.
Try out /r/photomarket as well
No same story.
https://www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/comments/5n9fz8/usaky_h_canon_t4i_body_with_bge8_battery_grip_w/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=hot&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=hardwareswap
PM
I wasn't droppin' no eaves!
Her boobs look smaller than usual.
Buzzfeed is reputable? LMFAO &gt;There's no doubt that the document is authentic, it's not certain that the claims are true, however. So the documents can't be authentic if the claims aren't true. There's no truth here.
Oh that wasn't my own thread. Someone else's, but good to hear :)
Seems level headed to me.
&gt; where do you think your rights come from They're not granted by a government, I can tell you that.
They already can study it.
God I'm always blown away by her abs.
PM me with info pls
Aw shit. I'll delete
I did...brain fart. Deleting!
I wish more would realize that.
Lol the photobomb
Then you're even more of a loser than previously thought.
So salty. Although, I'll agree LA is shit.
Then you're a fickle little girl.
Same. More teams for us to cheer for.
You are. Kids gonna be kids.
Not really. FYI, Chargers aren't the center of the universe. FCBM making a joke doesn't make you one.
The difference is teams are fan owned in Germany.
You do know the world doesn't really care about the NFL, right?
Good for you. And where do you go to school?
If we can't go to the super bowl then I want Zeke to win one in his rookie season.
Wow. A whole "group" of people in Germany. It's no wonder NFL Europe was a huge success!
Cal? That's unsurprising. I wouldn't be so quick to tout that around, though. [Of late,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7hmQeW2x34) you've been embarrassing. Ohio State is a top 20 public university and top 40 overall. Who wouldn't be proud to go there? I'm not surprised at your attitude towards guns, though.
Exactly. So there wouldn't be that culture unless there are fan owned teams. Which, let's be real, isn't likely here.
Even with fans directly pointing at it?
What is your stance on the 2nd amendment and private firearm ownership in general?
And then we can get SAIGAs.
This is a beast of a lens and I wish I still had it.
Not interested in buying, more interested in how it compares to Velvia.
or GED.
60C isn't much. What's it like at stock turbo boost speeds?
1. Build your PC on a cardboard box and make sure nothing is DoA. Pull the GPU off the mobo after this. 2. I/O shield into the back of the case, right side up. Check the rear of your mobo to confirm 3. Screw in your PSU and route your cables. 4. Screw in your drives and power them up. 5. If you're on a stock cooler put your cooler on before this step. Otherwise follow cooler instruction manual. Drop in mobo, route SATA data. Generally: if it's an AIO you want to get your rad in before the mobo. If it's an air cooler you need the mobo in first. 6. Insert GPU, and tighten down. 7. Route and connect everything else and cable manage. 8. Enjoy. I think I have it all. Shouldn't be too bad. Check on youtube as well!
Not really. 2-3C isn't much.
There's not really much in it. So not really better.
I'd still highly recommend it. PCPP saying it's 7 bucks cheaper, as of writing. Better still.
Why? Is that a problem?
Yeesh. Well I guess an overclocked i7 in this is out of the question.
Right. It was only 2 comments.
No. It means nothing.
Well, at least there's some sanity there.
Oh I believe it. It's just when I think of a typical Cal student, my mind doesn't leap to "pro gun".
Yeah. I'll try not to challenge the hivemind in the future.
Everything has to be spelled correctly, every time!
Holy shit, no wai?!
Nope. That's my birthday.
Go on. What does it mean? Tell me how a real world non difference means something. Tell me how who people are buying this cooler care about a difference of 2C.
Wow. Your specific case doesn't fit it? That must mean no one should get it!
Which is nothing, real world.
It's a fine cooler. I wouldn't worry.
I thought Apex was a demo
There is no situation where that's going to matter. It's a mainstream cooler for people who want something nicer than stock or want mild overclocks. It's going to stay well below max temp even with that mild overclock. And it doesn't matter to those high end overclockers because they're not buying it anyway. So no, at this price range, a little more difficulty is nothing compared to saving a few bucks on your small budget build.
*Another*? I haven't seen one!
IRL, I meant. I've seen a million in pics, sure.
Statistically, you're more likely to use a bow on a family member than you are on a robber! My fucking ass. LMAO a fucking bow.
What you need is man's cartridge for a bear. .303 Brit.
Name a murder that happened with a silencer.
&gt;When you can drive 30 minutes away and be out of Chicago's jurisdiction and free to purchase what you wan You know it's illegal to purchase out of state, correct? &gt;Any city, or even state, that passes tough gun laws might see a reduction in violent crime but it's really hard to tell how much effect it could have when you skip city or state limits. Like all laws, you can't exist in a vacuum. &gt;Similar to weed laws. How many states complained that their citizens were going to Colorado to buy weed and bringing it back? They even sued if I remeber right. What states complained about that? Link?
Why? Have you never heard of night/thermal vision and idk, this thing called *light*?
The argument doesn't change from rifles to handguns.
It's safer and more courteous. There is no downside, except your fear.
&gt; I would imagine this is the biggest reason to ban them. Not so much for the assassins, but it probably makes poaching slightly easier. Stop spamming this. You have no idea what you're talking about. &gt;Ideal for a poacher in the middle of the woods killing things out of season. Gun shots still carry for a long distance, suppressed or not.
&gt; No, I am saying that hearing is a weird thing to be worried about in that scenario. If I am getting a gun for self defense the last thing on my mind is going to be preserving my hearing. Of course it is, but that doesn't make it any less of a valid concern. Worse still would be being disoriented after the initial shots. &gt;Having safety rounds that won't travel through dry wall would be on my mind. What's a safety round? &gt;Seriously, unless I am expecting a shoot out where I have to reload multiple times, I am not going to be firing so many rounds as to cause significant hearing damage in a self defense scenario. *One shot* is enough to cause permanent hearing damage. I would much rather be safe than sorry.
Source?
&gt; are it makes it easier to poach wildlife Citation still fucking needed. &gt;I'm not convinced that you have to have a suppressor on your gun. You've made it abundantly clear that you don't even know what they're needed for in the first place. &gt;Ear plugs seem to do the job quite well. Sure. If I have a) time and b) I don't have a reason to to be aware of my surroundings.
Pussy.
&gt; Jesus fucking Christ, you'd think 100 people responded to this post but it's really just the same four gun advocates. Stop spreading unsubstantiated claims, then. &gt;We aren't talking about New Zealand. But we are talking about laws similar to it. &gt;came about during the depression to prevent...poaching So was it effective or wasn't it? You keep spouting that but have not shown any evidence. &gt;Let me guess...source? Try googling this shit on your own. It's really not that hard and you'll find I'm less full of shit than you think. Yeah. You're making a claim, you prove it.
&gt; Strawman purchases... &gt; As well as gun show loopholes are not illegal in the slightest. 1. They're called straw purchases (they're illegal). 2. No it's not a loophole. 3. Out of state purchases are illegal. &gt;There are many, many more. From sheriff offices complaining or threatening to sue, to local politicians making it a campaign promise to crack down on Colorado weed. FINALLY, some sources on SOMETHING in this thread. Like i said, can't exist in vacuum. Sounds to me like the Fed needs to decriminalize. &gt;Guns are similar. I'm certainly not arguing it is legal to transfer a gun across state lines, nor is it legal to take weed into Nebraska. It's done all the time though and that's a problem for those states were something is not legal and or heavily regulated. So why not make it easy for good guys to use them to their advantage. Laws won't stop criminals ever.
A man's man would punch those medical costs right in the face! &gt;:D I gotchu. .44 is great. Wish I had one, preferably in the Colt Python variety.
&gt; Personally it's a loophole to me and many others. Gun shows are rediculous. &gt; That's great. But it's isn't. &gt;We could make it easy for good guys to own. I'd argue it's already easy. By far one of the easiest nations to own a gun in fact. Oh yeah? Tell that to CA, NY, NJ, MD, IL &gt;How's that working? Not so well? REALLY, NOW? Homicides the lowest in 51 years ring any bells? &gt; Let's try something different. Been there, done that. Didn't work. &gt;I understand that's scary for gun owners who are responsible with them, but change always is. LMAO 100 years of nothing but losing our gun rights. Kindly fuck off.
&gt; Currently no, let's not argue as if its going to remain how it is forever. You can't be that dense. &gt; Why should it not. &gt;You list 5 states out of 50 as if that is some huge percentage. That's 10% FYI. FYI, that's about 86 million people, or 25% of Americans. Why don't you like 25% of Americans being able to exercise their rights? &gt;Even that 10% that's "hard" is still easier then the vast majority of the rest of the world. Should tell you something. Tell us...that we like our guns even if we have to fight tooth and nail for them. &gt;No, no we have not. Other countries have, not us. Yes. We have. Assault Weapons Ban '94. &gt;Yes, because we all know the founding fathers intended you to own guns to overthrow the goverment! /s Yes. They did actually. &gt;that laws affecting a city or county regarding gun control primarily hurt the local law abiding citizens and does little to stop the funneling in of guns from other counties / neighboring states. Glad we've established that. The same applies for silencers.
But it's the last time!
&gt; Ferrari LaFerrari is Ferrari The Ferrari. &gt; It's just La Ferrari, and not meant to be read literally. For the same reason it's the Enzo Ferrari. Not the Ferrari Enzo Ferrari.
I think that's too many graphics cards. Give me one. ^^^^please
My favorite topping with jalapenos.
Here cube!
/unjerk Is this what they're actually doing?
Normalizing guns?! How dare you! I want to shelter my child from such evils!
&gt; 1 card&gt; 2 cards Had a 295X2 for 2 years and never once had a problem. &gt; I still think that the only time the pro duo is justifiable is if you have a 4k freesync monitor. I think it's justifiable if you buy it.
My experience was the opposite of abomination. It was great and performance was great.
Yeah. Why would people want prices to go up and have no jobs? How stupid.
A minimum wage job is not a career. Pay your dues and move on. Jesus.
I am. OC to be precise.
This is my PSU and it fit. https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16817151140 I think it would but you won't be able to have the basement drive bay.
Right next door in Fullerton. :)
Of course. Didn't you hear: Trump's first act in office was to get rid of all the LGBT and PoC rights. Donald "Rights for whites only" Trump! /s
The portrait of a future victim of a police shooting.
What should I do with mine??
That's a long time to go without cinnamon toast crunch.
Pretty sure you're creating a mountain out of a molehill. Considering there's been hunting with lead bullets for hundreds of years, yeah, I don't think there's a problem.
Neat. Unless you're dumping lead by the ton into a river you're not making an appreciable difference.
lol a nice thinly veiled attempt at trying to make life difficult for law abiding citizens. I'd bet money that 99.9% of ammunition on the market is lead. Very convenient.
Why?
Lead is the most common projectile material. How convenient of him to ban that. Almost like it was a pinpoint attack. Let's ban all spoken word, but that's not an infringement of the first amendment, right?
Source?
Yes that would be. As long as it totals 16 it wouldn't make much difference.
common sense gun safety at that.
Then you don't know that that's exactly what they've been doing for 100 years.
&gt; In fact I wouldn't exactly even say that Australia "confiscated" guns, because that implies that they were taking them from people who all wanted to keep them They were told to turn them in or else face penalties. You can spin that whatever way you want but that's a ban and confiscation. &gt;In truth I think the vast majority of Australians are quite glad not to be owning guns and living with people with guns. lol they own more guns than ever before. http://theconversation.com/australias-gun-numbers-climb-men-who-own-several-buy-more-than-ever-before-58142
A real source. Please also show evidence that it did anything.
Yeah. Lead fishing weights aren't doing much if anything.
I'm a different person than who you were arguing with. Why would you want a ban on any right just to get more? That seems counterproductive.
It's in trace amounts. It also comes from the ground. Is that a concern? Just ban all lead? Seems like a non-issue, especially considering ammunition is largely made from lead.
&gt;There are viable alternatives to lead ammunition. I'm listening &gt;We did away with lead based paint for the same reason. Because we have houses covered in lead bullets? &gt; Lead poisoning is a huge fucking problem. To kids? From bullets?
Just fuck my shit up, fam.
/r/pettyrevenge
You're absolutely right on both accounts. It's entirely illegal and hopefully OP covered his tracks.
That's not true at all. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmNOZuy_NG8&amp;ab_channel=hickok45
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmNOZuy_NG8&amp;ab_channel=hickok45
I'm not really sure why we wouldn't be emotionally invested in gun freedom. It's one of our most important rights, if not the most important one.
But isn't Elizabeth a Habsburg? And also a Protestant?
You could have just not let his predecessor do it. Or was it ok because you have nothing to hide?
&gt; I believe a woman's healthcare is between her, her doctor and that is it. When her healthcare is paid for, in part, by taxpayers, then the taxpayers have a say in that.
Ban on Muslim immigration is the actual headline. Not a ban on Muslim countries across the board.
I mean...all you have to do is read the first line... &gt;Donald Trump is expected to sign executive orders this week to prevent Syrian refugees and Muslim immigrants from entering the United States
We are...just not Muslim ones. Read the article.
&gt; no refugee in the US has ever committed a terrorist attack in the last twenty years. Ohio State Terrorist was an asylum seeker. http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/suspect-dead-after-ohio-state-university-car-knife-attack-n689076
If you read the article you'd know we will still accept non-Muslims. It's in the first line. &gt;Perhaps this is mostly political theater designed to get your vote on a largely irrelevant issue while ruining the lives of thousands of people seeking safety? I don't think their lives can be any more ruined, but there is certainly a middle ground between their war torn nation and letting them in here or anywhere where they won't assimilate.
Oh well. No loss there if he defaults to being a victim.
It's a pretty shit view. So...not much delegitimizing to do.
&gt;President Trump’s restrictions will likely include a multi-month ban on admitting immigrants from all countries until the State Department and Department of Homeland Security finalize an "extreme vetting" process.
&gt;President Trump’s restrictions will likely include a multi-month ban on admitting immigrants from all countries until the State Department and Department of Homeland Security finalize an "extreme vetting" process.
Ohio State. http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/suspect-dead-after-ohio-state-university-car-knife-attack-n689076
&gt;Seriously, no Pakistan? &gt;will likely include a multi-month ban on admitting immigrants from ***all countries***
&gt; canada is a better country for minorities than american lol &gt; How? &gt;yeah i mean just abandon hundreds of years of cultural heritage, no big deal Oh nooo abandoning a warlike ideology. My god. The horror. I would just be so torn. &gt;i mean the guy's a dual MD/PhD; canada has cognitively elitist immigration policies. he wouldn't have much trouble immigrating. I know it does. Do you not understand sarcasm. &gt;my point exactly Islam is shit.
It's the first line.
&gt; I think the article just says banning immigrants from Muslim countries. Not Muslims specifically. If it was just for Muslims, Besides it literally saying: &gt;is expected to sign executive orders this week to prevent Syrian refugees and Muslim immigrants from entering the United States. | &gt;Most of them are atheist or agnostic. But most come from Muslim families as that is the norm. Just not practicing. So how does one navigate that? I'd assume you'd just say "I'm atheist or agnostic". I also don't see anything about a travel ban.
&gt; All I can say is, a single attack isn't representative of the whole. I don't care. Just don't lie.
Yep. And I'm sure it's possible to be added to that list.
A valid concern, just as this one is.
Fuck if I know. That's for the vetting process, not me.
&gt;even if you disagree that canada is better overall for minorities, it definitely is for muslims I'm waiting to see how. &gt;they obviously don't see it as a warlike ideology There's your problem. If you don't even question Islam's ideas, you're a lost cause.
&gt; trudeau visits mosques and interacts with the muslim community. He sees the gender segregation that goes on there and is almost proud of it! It's diversity! &gt; trump is on board with temporarily banning muslim immigration Good. We shouldn't be accepting people "just because". That's not even close to a smart immigration policy. &gt;think that muslims fundamentally cannot fit in I wonder where he got that idea! Probably from the thousands that willfully segregate themselves! &gt;and that muslim neighbourhoods should be patrolled. I'm sure you'd rather have a no-go zone. &gt;gee, i wonder which country is a better place to live for muslims? Maybe it's better if the US isn't a good country for Muslims. They don't share any of our western values. &gt; there's a large cultural component to the religion that's almost completely divorced from its spiritual and political elements I don't care. Assimilate. I sincerely hope Muslim culture is way the fuck away from America and stays there. I also hope there isn't female circumcision and stonings happening here. &gt;which is why even secular people born into muslim families still call themselves muslims and reject the idea of completely abandoning the religion. That's how you get homegrown radicalism and terrorism. And of course you reject the idea of abandoning Islam, it's apostacy, punishable by death. But that's ok, because it's your culture! And everyone's culture is a-okay. We just need multiculturalism to appreciate Islam!
Oh no banning potential terrorists! How will we cope! FYI, brown people come from places other than the Middle East too. lmao
&gt; TIL over a billion people are potential terrorist and absolutely none of them contribute to anything of importance. &gt; Huh. Who knew these 7 countries had a billion people in them. &gt;The chances of being killed in a terrorist attack are about 1 in 20 million. A person is as likely to be killed by his or her own furniture, and more likely to die in a car accident, drown in a bathtub, or in a building fire than from a terrorist attack. I encounter more cars, bathtubs, and buildings. That's a pretty obvious outcome. &gt;But go on, do be scared all your life. I'm not scared, but I'm glad my president is protecting me, nonetheless.
&gt;Why would I reject or abandon Islam if I believe that it's the truth, that there is who God who created everything and everyone and that He does not resemble His creations in any way? I thought it was cultural. What's culture got to do with "the truth"? You oppress women, homosexuals, own slaves, stone adulterers, and are just generally barbarians. If that's that's the truth, fuck, I don't wanna be right. &gt;You're an idiot, honestly, if you think I'll abandon my beliefs to be "accepted" by you. Then you're not welcome in the west. You have utterly backwards, incompatible beliefs. &gt;Your acceptance means nothing, and it can never be gained by anyone who's not exactly like you, a bigot. I like people who don't oppress women and don't own slaves, fuck me, right? &gt; Also, you lost any shred of credibility when you mentioned FGM in an earlier comment, which is an issue in parts of Africa, not an Islamic issue. Hmmm...all these countries in Africa...what do they have in common.
&gt; Islam has over 1 billion followers. You are against Islam and the countries who follow it evidently. &gt; Obviously. &gt;Yes, of course you encounter them more, that is the point in showing those statistics you know... How many times have you encountered a terrorist personally in your life? Zero times. That doesn't mean I want them coming in all willy-nilly. &gt;You are scared if you need protection from something that has a 1 in 20 million chance of killing you. LOL so I shouldn't be cautious of something that's shown its potential to kill people?
&gt; I mean he pretty much is? He isn't. He most likely has citizenship. &gt;Or would you like to live in a country where your "kind" is banned from entering it and you have to live with racism on a daily basis? His "kind" isn't banned from entering it. Certain nations are though. What kind of "racism" does he have to deal with? You do know Muslim isn't a race right? &gt; How is he not a victim in all of this? He's an American citizen. &gt;he says that most of the people he is interacting with would rather have him leave Yeah. Voting for Trump doesn't mean people want Muslims leaving. They could renounce their shitty ideology though, or assimilate. That'd be great. &gt; even though he is probably more useful to your society than 99.9% of people. Doctors are pretty plentiful there, sparky. &gt;Also, tbh, america is playing the victim card pretty hard right now even though most terrorism attacks recently (that I have heard of atleast) were in europe. Victim? How? We're taking precautions to not have that happen here. That's proactive if anything.
Good. So why are you crying about it? Don't worry, I won't. Just don't kill me for not worshiping one at all. Also, don't chop my hand off if I take one of your tongue depressors.
&gt; Only because he has american citizenship means he can't be a victim in this huge ball of hate against his believes/people/friends? You don't really believe that right? &gt; Just his beliefs. Which he has to answer for. Sorry he ended up being involved in such a shit ideology. &gt;Does it make it any bit better that you are hating him because of his religion instead of his race (and he probably still receives racism/prejudice because of his skin colour tbh). He probably doesn't, "TBH", but so fucking what. His religion is shit and should be called into question. &gt;I still believe he is more useful to society than 1 in 1000 people. I really don't fucking care. &gt;Also you pretty much didn't answer any of my questions or statements, but rather tried to talk around them I did and refuted them beautifully. He has citizenship, is a doctor, unfortunately is a Muslim. That's it he's golden. &gt;Would you like to live in a country that hates on your believes and wants you and your peers out of it? I live in one right now. It's called the US and people hate me for voting Trump. Since I'm not a little bitch I take it in stride. And if I believed in an ideology where women were oppressed, gays thrown off of buildings, and stonings happen, I'd *SERIOUSLY* reconsider my beliefs. &gt;I know you will either lie or try to talk around it (again!). Isn't your freedom oh so precious to you? My freedom from shit ideologies is the best.
The majority where? The US? Probably. The world? Not likely.
&gt;That's how I phonetically pronounce "wait till". For what it's worth I grew up in Tennessee. From socal and I also pronounce it this way.
If we could go back to when people were less sensitive, in general, I'd be so happy.
Since the policy was enacted like days ago, no one can really know the effects. So no. You and they don't know.
I have the same phone and can take it off the charger in the morn (8ish) and have 15% by the end of the day (6ish)
How's the coil whine? Also, what are the inputs?
It's a beast, man.
Why don't you work out, then, OP?
I really do get triggered when he spreads mass shooting trackers and his "math" around.
There's no such thing as unbiased. No matter who it is, they all have biases.
&gt;he's fucking the future of those rights by doing wholly un-American shit like this. I don't think looking out for Americans is un-American. Barring non citizens from entry is the prerogative of a president. If you have links to American citizens being barred from entry I'd like to see it. &gt;This is the kind of shit that gets us into no only international wars How?
&gt;Why didn't Trump ban Saudi Arabia? Why not Pakistan? Those two countries are the sources for the bulk of terrorism in the middle east for fucks sake? Besides the thing about ISIS being in Iraq and Syria? SA and Pakistan are shit, but they aren't destabilized failed states. eta: they should be added, obviously. &gt; I'm not a fan of everything Obama did, but what he did is nothing compared to this. Drone strikes? Mass surveillance? I'd argue those are worse. Where's your outrage for that?
The inscription on the Statue of Liberty is ***not*** an invitation to let people in wholesale. &gt;This is fucking offensive to me as I hope it is to you. Don't tell me how to feel. &gt;America is supposed to be the great melting pot. That doesn't mean we're a charity case. &gt;It's as bad as when the rabid anti's in the sub that shall not be named title a post: "Look another responsible gun owner!", though we know that criminals and psychos make up the smallest fraction of a percentage, the rest of us get blamed. False equivalence. All Muslims follow the Koran. It has all the stuff about stoning adulterers, oppressing women, executing gays, that sort of thing. Sharia is the laws from the Koran. All gun owners don't follow criminals. &gt;If we are to refuse entry to a group of people, simply because of their religion, not from any crime they have committed, then we are hypocrites. Did you ever stop and think that the shitty religion was the problem? Why are you blaming the people who want to put a stop to this? Muslims won't reform their religion. It's a danger to everyone. &gt;But when a president does something as Anti-American as this, it needs to be called out. He needs to be rebuked How fucking dare he want to protect Americans? He should be rebuked for such anti-American things! Ugh why can't he signal virtue and read off the Statue of Liberty? &gt; I am the husband of an immigrant wife who, if she had come from one wrong country, could not be able to visit her family or have her family visit us, Ok, but she didn't, and they weren't. What does your hypothetical have to do with the topic? &gt; Are we a nation of due process where we consider a person INNOCENT until proven guilty? Yes, we are. For citizens and legal aliens, yes we are. &gt;for no other reasons than a fucking location and a religion. One that hates jews, oppresses women and homosexuals, but that's allright?
&gt; Certainly more extensive and effective so better.
/r/TodayIBullshitted
Did you buy it?
I thought the idea behind that was to make it more accessible.
Same. I don't get it.
Shoot it and see what happens.
Tri X is a black and white film. He just missed a comma. Portra is a color film. I'd also add ilford HP5+.
Very little difference. Lenses are most important.
Attache being akin to a cabinet secretary?
Such a nice film. Sucks about shipping to the US. Gotta buy it in pretty large quantities to make it worth it.
Ooohh that doesn't seem so bad then. Cool, thanks!
Aw. How'd she react to finding one?
290X?
I honestly love their color scheme. They've made a fan out of me.
Another owner here, I love this thing. Quiet, compact, sexy, easy to focus. I dunno there's almost nothing bad about it. Works with no battery too. You can just shoot and shoot with it.
NF-F12s have "nasty tonality"? I don't...what? You can hardly hear them, at all.
Trudging through water wouldn't be fun though.
Ticket to the sun is coming sooner.
Gotta be if he's shooting on a Hasselblad
Watch out, boy, she'll chew you up. Great shot. I love this camera.
I love it man. So much emotion in her eyes. Thought about a 1v. Could you gimme a brief rundown of it?
Did you push this roll?
That puts my mind at ease then. Had a 7D back in the day. Weird to say that, but that was 6 years ago O_O
I get what you mean, but so many people are on it, it's impossible to ignore.
Because AMD has nothing on the low end.
Ryzen 5 is not low end...
Which is effectively end of life. Why would you buy it now?
But for all intents and purposes it does not because: 1. It's a dead platform 2. The Intel option is cheaper and performs as well as a mid-range 6300. 3. The Intel option puts you on a far greater path than an APU or FX chip.
\#InFactAMajorityOfMuslimsHoldRadicalViews
that boy ain't right!
Is this a drone shot?
What about waiting for 6D2 reviews?
Sure they are. As long as it's not on private property.
But they do. They're called "hate speech laws". https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/6ithkj/cmv_america_is_not_exceptional_bastion_of_freedom/dj98gz5/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=changemyview
Dunno. I guess that means you can camp on people's property and they can do a thing about it?
Are you using them as optical slaves? Radio triggers ought to fix that. Hell YN has their own line.
Oh even with the radio triggers? Yeah I'd expect that to be unacceptable. Haha
Man spot on using the pool of light on her. Love this. She's gorgeous to boot.
How expired? Looks good.
What is this?
What! That's fucking amazing. Film companies introducing new film stocks is huge. Plus, E-6 is the tits.
What would you guys recommend for flatbed scanners? I'm looking into Epson V550 and V370.
Did you perhaps knock it into mirror up mode on accident?
120 and 135. Web sharing and small prints (4x6 and 4x5).
Correct.
Cool thanks for that info.
Welp, that would have been useful about a month ago. :(
Always down for some skewered meat!
Who am I, "Count Bullets-ula"?
Fuuu. Everywhere I seem to look someone has a Mamiya 7. I need one. Nice shot, man.
If my RZ is anything to go by, I can imagine. What's up with it? My only thing is they're so goddamn expensive. And I would totally buy one if I had cash, but jeesh. I'd sooner buy a Fuji GW670.
Dude. I'm so happy for you. I fucking love the RZ. It's a photographic powerhouse. I just love how utilitarian it is. Just so great. How expensive are they for you? And in what country?
Mmm maybe I overestimated it. That's about in line from ebay, apparently. That's amazing. I'd want him to CLA my RZ for sure. Which viewfinders lenses?
&gt; had the idea for the viewfinders lenses. Meant this. Didn't know what you referring to here. 110 is a great lens. My most used as of now, with about 1 month of ownership. Also have the 150/3.5, I want to use it more, but found it difficult for indoor use. I want a wide angle in the near future as well. I just love that I can use RB lenses on it too.
What you bought it?
How small would it need to be? You could get a Dell Optiplex, which is a mid tower and then add a GTX 1050.
To get started with an entry level PC build isn't too bad at all.
I call it 'you need monitor risers or a monitor arm'. Talk about neckache.
Since the front of the H440 is so restrictive you'll want static pressure there. Elsewhere air flow will suit you.
Those should be ok. I'd expect you could get more base clock out of it though, with that voltage.
That's true. I was well within thermal limits on an NH-D15 @4.4 gHz, but yeah top tier, like you said.
It's an expression. Point is: it's affordable.
I don't know where you come from.
A lot of that going around. Any more specific hints?
I didn't and didn't watch it.
We shouldn't have lost to Iowa. At least we laid waste to FUSC.
Keep it as is.
PM
Can you narrow it down to a continent? I can't find anything lol
PM.
Yes they are
PM
PM.
No. He's pretty much universally hated here too. He's still retarded on Islam and guns.
I love this idea. Big CFB fan myself. Go Bucks!
My man! O-H!
That's a dirty ass whiteboard.
Then change the girl scouts? Also, another posted mentioned 'Venture Scouts' which is co-ed.
You wrecked the car, maaan!
/r/AsAGunOwner
It looks normal to me.
/r/skookum?
The fact that you have these laws is the problem.
Tectonic. They could save others from earthquakes and volcanoes, but not themselves.
I'm watching a Spanish broadcast at the moment. Who's showing this with English commentary right now?
Thanks!
What's this world tour about? What's he doing with that Escort?
I'm more interested in the fact that the Treaty of Versailles is being deliberated over.
It's astonishing and tragic, all at once.
Poor? Was that not his own (lack of) skill putting him in a ditch?
&gt;Coo-dos Kudos*
I saw your post a little farther up. Interested as to why that happened.
I'm not saying any one of us could do any better. Does not make him a better driver.
Wow. Never would have guessed. Did you bring a Ford, too?
Holy shit the color on that 4th gen is beautiful. What is it?
Dang. You could probably bring it to a body shop, and they might be able to figure that out. Yeah me too. Gotta learn about the car.
The thing is, I need the car running. I'm trying to find a beater, but it's tough on a budget. We replaced the alternator and that seemed to fix it. Gonna work on the wiring and grounds. So today, before we could even move the car we brought the battery in to get charged and a charged battery allowed it to run normally. The alternator failed at an auto parts store. So that's another thing eliminated.
Couldn't get the car to move without dying. Got the battery charged at an AutoZone and it seemed to run fine. We pulled the old alternator and it failed their test. Replaced and it seems to be running better. Going to go over the wires, grounds.
So today, before we could even move the car we brought the battery in to get charged and a charged battery allowed it to run normally. We replaced the alternator and that seemed to fix it. Gonna work on the wiring and grounds. The alternator failed at an auto parts store. However, it passed on the car.
I'm hoping this is my problem. There's much to do with this car. It's not even registered in my name, yet. Haven't been able to get it inspected.
What should I do with a fused, but ungrounded aftermarket wire? Big news: wouldn't start today. No crank, dash lights, door open chime, dome light, but no crank.
Cap it, as in ground it? How would I tell what condition the fuses are in? This thing has been bouncing around in my unlined trunk since I got it. There're a lot of exposed wires in this car.
It was indeed connected to the positive side. I've since removed it from the loop. The problem persists, however. Things we've done thus far: * jumper fuel pump to verify it works * swapped out main relay for a known working relay * changed out negative cable on battery/chassis ground/transmission ground * verifies thermostat ground is in place * jumped and verified starter was good * tried a known good starter to eliminate * when I turn the key I cannot hear the fuel pump prime, no light flicker flinch or even dim a little bit and I have no sort of cranking or clicking of any sort
When you, as a bystander, think that a different bystander will help someone in trouble. In our brains, there are so many others to help, why me? Article: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/basics/bystander-effect
Coming from a Prelude owner, what was the procedure for sticking these boat anchors to the car? Also, only the front, or rear, as well? Reason I ask is because I too have a 5 lug swap. Is a CTS-V 5x114.3?
You might be thinking of something closer to a Bauer Catfish. https://bauerltd.com/catfish-configurator/pricing/ 1,550 lbs.
I'm gonna go throw the VR6 into the mix. https://youtu.be/4GINDnqJx-M
Damn. I want that.
Is there something special about the D16?
Also, there's a ***ton*** of contrast and clarity. Too much, to my eyes.
I'd maybe pay under $2k for that. Definitely work on that rust, first, though.
Hey, is there any news on the GNV34DBE stock?
Do you wish you had the 144 Hz version? What's your setup?
So are you saying that it isn't a hoax (whatever that means) and that it will spread more because of these protests? Are protests only ok, during a pandemic, because it's a cause you believe in? Was it ok for people to protest to get their livelihoods back, during the pandemic?
&gt; No one should make that amount, lets be honest. Why exactly?
&gt; Can you not discern the difference ? &gt; &gt; You want me to link you to a picture book to help you make sense of it ? So definitely because you disagree with other protesters, got it. &gt;a) not hoax. Of course not! Except for when it fits your narrative. Then it's a-ok to be out and about. Social what? Distancing who? &gt;c) Protests to get back to the Salon and Bar &lt; Protests to preserve Life, Justice, and Equality. Both can be worthy causes, if you didn't just strawman other protesters, that is. People that want their livelihoods, a job, a purpose? Fuck them! They're just dumb ol' republicans!
&gt;Somethings are more important, like Justice and Equality, not many, but some. Just not for people that don't want to be cooped and want to work, right?
And what would be illegitimate about blaming a second wave of infections on protests?
Oh, my. Duo is not messing around! Cool deal. I'll have to try that.
Tele with a Vox amp? \*pants*
To my eye, it just looks like he wants a 2A supporter as cannon fodder and not as someone legitimately upholding the Constitution. This guy doesn't care about the constitution.
Yeah, like a large gathering, where people are in close proximity.
PM
It's not at all 'sus'. It's used by libertarians and others that don't like government overstepping their bounds. This is paranoid.
It definitely isn't. Do some research. 'molon labe' is to do with the second amendment. It means come and take it.
You can work for the government and still believe in it not overstepping its bounds. Also, there was no active suppression of the 1st amendment.
Anything to do with right-wing = dog whistle.
Pm
Not really, no. Bring a sheriff's deputy is a legitimate function of government, firstly. He can wear it if he wants, assuming OC Sheriff's Dept. allows it. He can believe what he wants. I'm more concerned if he's actually suppressing protests, brutalizing citizens. You know, actual concerns.
Right wing bad, got it.
Show me.
No that's definitely what you're saying with this ' molon labe being sus' line of reasoning. So you're telling me you want more government, more law enforcement. The same ones you're protesting against. What history are you reading, mate?
&gt; The left wing wants the opposite. They want to flatten the hierarchies so that power cannot ever be monopolized. Name a leftist ideology that can/has achieve(d) this. How do you stop power from monopolizing? Monopolize power, only at the top. &gt; It's that simple, really. I'm sorry that you've bought the paradigm of "less government or more government" but it's not really about that. That's how history has happened. Sorry you're either reading history improperly or revising it to some left-wing fanfic.
&gt; There is no one, magic silver bullet that can fix everything. So your answer is to monopolize power. With what do you do that? Force. How do you project your force? Military, police. Ergo, more government. &gt;It's not about making utopia, it's simply about progress from the "old world" to the "new world". Ugh stop waxing poetic. All you want is Commie revolution. We see you, indeed.
Reagan was trash. Certainly both and all can be suppression. Handgun rosters, ammo waiting periods/background checks, you name it California's got it. Y'all only care about certain rights, though.
LOL so in your mind weaker, fewer guns will be better against the government than more, powerful ones. Who's the dumbass, again? So do you not know anything California gun laws? There's a background check on ammo. You can only buy guns after a 10 day waiting period. I can't use the properly size magazine the manufacturer made for the gun. I can only buy government approved handguns. I can't even carry them unless I go through an ordeal. And yes any laws are suppression.
So the police shouldn't be out? Is this what you're telling me?
It can just be: It can happen at any time.
Build process is complicated, involved, weird, but fun. I would advise an HD-PLEX PSU with a brick, for zero fan noise.
Why not the 3000G? Seems like more than enough for his use.
I thought about getting the v6 panels. Wonder how worthwhile they'd be.
Holes for ventilation in the side panels.
Are you overclocking that chip? If not then you very much are losing performance. That's the tip-top of that product stack. Don't think you can upgrade from there. What is your GPU utilization like in-game? Have you done benchmarks to establish performance difference? I've tried everything from an HD 7970 to a GTX 1080 Ti with my X5670 with differences in performance. You ought not to be CPU bound.
Far from it. 2A rights aren't human rights to these people. Don't you dare suggest it to them, though. Gun control is still very much on the table with these people. Go into any thread/subreddit of a blue area and you'll see. Not one of these people is arguing that black people or 'peaceful' protesters should be armed against the police. I was laughed at for suggesting this in such a thread.It made the argument for de-militarizing the police, but that's a different story.
Welcome! That's a nice chip you got there. Jealous. What kind of voltage are you putting through it?
No. Suppressors are part of the bearing of arms.
Oh, far from complex, it's unequivocal.
At 20, you still have a soft, malleable brain. Lots of parts in place, to be certain, but not quite 'grown adult.'
That's no basis for what constitutes bearing of arms. You've just made the argument for why they shouldn't be, though.
He's certainly not a child, but he's clearly an idiot. This is what I'm driving at: He said an idiotic, racist thing, and probably doesn't deserve his spot, but he can change, because he's not entirely developed.
And I agree. Eh. The criminality angle on this is a non-argument? It doesn't make gunshots inaudible or even able to be mistaken. It just brings the report of the weapon down to hearing safe (i.e. no hearing protection) on certain cartridges, which is still really loud.
This ain't it. Gun control is alive and well. From another post I made: &gt;Far from it. 2A rights aren't human rights to these people. Don't you dare suggest it to them, though. Gun control is still very much on the table with these people. Go into any thread/subreddit of a blue area and you'll see. Not one of these people is arguing that black people or 'peaceful' protesters should be armed against the police. I was laughed at for suggesting this in such a thread. It made the argument for de-militarizing the police, but that's a different story.
I think you're right about that. An example I have is the Silverstone Raven Rv02. My girlfriend has it. It just pumps all the heat out of the case and heats her room up to sauna levels, even with the AC running. Which is great from the standpoint of keeping your parts cool.
I'll do OP one better: They didn't give a shit about the 1A until they had to protest. They give a shit about the 2A until they had to defend themselves. They didn't give a shit about the 4A until no-knock raids affected them. OP's just trotting out 2A outrage, from mass shootings and the like to go 'HA, SEE YOU DON'T CARE! GOTCHA.' When in reality he never really cared about ***any*** rights from the Bill of Rights, and was probably anti-2A, last week. Then he learned what the 1A enshrines. Full of shit.
It's because the propaganda starts in school. It's not the news, it's academia. Tim Pool got gifted an AR-15, by Crowder! Jealous.
My Classic Pro hasn't even arrived yet, and I'm looking into doing this: https://protofusion.org/wordpress/2019/02/gaggia-classic-seamless-pid-upgrade/ Gotta have some proper PID control. Hadn't thought about a RPi. Nice work!
Y'all *sure* gun control is dead?!
Hence advocates for school choice.
No. What we need is school choice and charter schools. Oh we also need to get rid of standardized tests.
Are you serious?
Doesn't suck enough for y'all not to get ready dig in.
What is the context here? What are they saying?
Pm
How is it different? I think those are pretty similar.
But in either case we're talking about hanging on to a celeb's every word.
Is there a joke there? What's funny?
What's a homecut fry?
Whoa. Did you steal my exact setup? GLWS. Love these.
Peace out fo now, Buhye!
https://imgur.com/a/se9jPSx Have it at 4 GHz.
Eats it up!
[Oh. I can feel it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehBoiDqisjQ)
Lelit Bianca.
The weight will go in as the machine learns. Make sure there's no movement from on the hooks that hold your portafilter before starting our grind. The manual suggests 3E. 11E and 9E are much too coarse. Bigger jumps. Event at 3E mine was too ~~fine~~ coarse, though. Of course this will depend on your beans. edited: not too fine, too coarse
Check out [House of Coffee Beans](https://www.houseofcoffeebeans.com/list/), just west of Midtown, though they're only online. Shame, as I had good stuff from their Mexico Altura. Also, check out XELA Coffee Roasters, in east downtown. I recommend their Kenya AA. I haven't used any of these for espresso, but for pourover. For espresso, I haven't used a Houston local roaster, but an Orlando one: Foxtail Coffee (they're having a sale as of 6/22, 50% off all beans.. Not affiliated. Code: beans50beans) I love their Farmhouse Blend, it's what they use for espresso, in house. It smacks of chocolate. Something I'm still chasing at home. :/ https://shop.foxtailcoffee.com/collections/coffee Outside of these, there's also this list: https://www.houstonpress.com/restaurants/the-other-black-gold-a-guide-to-seven-of-houston-s-boutique-coffee-roasters-8484752
Happy to start supporting a local roaster, if ya got good stuff. Let us know when you got some stock. :)
&gt; At worst, I think 4.0 at 1.1v is achievable. &gt; &gt; I just hit this...I'm mind blown. 3 quick successive runs of Cinebench R20: 3575, 3587, 3596. On an Asus B450-I. Pushing for more. Edit: 4.1 @ 1.1 Vcore. In 3600s on Cinebench R20. Edit 2: Still no change in Vcore, but I've stabilized at 4.15 GHz (4.2 gave crashes in Cinebench). 3x Runs cinebench: 3700, 3728, 3726. Temps max at 84C on a cinebench run. Cooler is an Noctua NH-L9A in a Velka 3 with top exhaust. Edit 3: Impromptu test in Valorant, on the range level: never saw CPU above 65C, max 35% usage. Edit 4: Various t-hunts in Rainbow 6 siege showed stable performance, temps in upper 60s C, 50s % usage in a 250k population city in Cities: Skylines gave me mid 60s C, 13% usage.
You're welcome, best of luck!
Dang. Bummer. 1.25 is still good. Default voltages on these boards are crazy!
What was the repair process like? And how much of discount did you get for a non-working machine?
4.15 Ghz @ 1.1 Vcore, a) boots, b) runs my games c) doesn't overheat. I don't need an 'actual' stress test when CB does plenty to suss out instability. Prime95 serves no purpose other than to heat my CPU unnecessarily. If it does all my games, it works. Until I find crashing, instability, I don't care.
which specific test on Aida? I usually only run stress CPU. Cinebench only for quick/dirty OCing. I've found it susses out a lot more quickly/easily than other stress tests.
Nice. Where'd you get your bottomless portafilter?
I have the same machine. Is it specific to the machine or can I get any old one?
Thanks for info!
I mean, it's cheap, why not try for yourself? I've only ever seen it pre-ground though. You might be out of luck for proper espresso.
I've been thinking about fabbing up my own for an original Velka 3. If that's at all possible...I've always thought of the mounting solution as janky, to put it mildly. My barrel jack doesn't fit the backplate, either. I don't believe the DC-ATX part needs a fan, though. I suppose there's a case for a little more airflow, but if that thing ramps up, any illusions of silence are out the window.
That is also true. I had forgotten all about that.
Ohh. I get it now. Yeah the fan's not too big a deal, then. Those 80 mm fans up top do well. Are you just fitting an HD plex inside of a flex-atx like footprint?
Oh, heck yeah. I'm gonna get on that. I'll DM you in the next couple days!
What's AWS?
Ugh. Don't get me started on those IMS shower screens and group gaskets. Don't get me wrong: I still enjoy most of his other videos, but it's so pushy.
/r/coffeeswap
Same boat. I want the Lelit Bianca or La Marzzocco Linea Mini, when I do graduate.
Manual states 2.8 kilos, 6.2 lbs.
Hand grinding isn't terrible. I had the $30 one from Amazon (some no-name) and cleaning was fine. Comes apart easily with hand nuts/screws, bada-bing, you're done.
&gt; IMO, whichever you choose, be consistent. This is the most important part.
Just for my info: Is the ECM flow control similar to the one on the Lelit Bianca? Charles of Clive coffee makes it appear that it only has a small range and not the entire range.
https://www.reddit.com/r/espresso/comments/hic834/ecm_e61_flow_control_device_in_stock_at_elektros/
