Walden by Thoreau
The sad part is though, instead of feeling happy about building a long term team they basically were a miserable bunch of guys from reports. There's more to life ans basketball than just winning a championship. As fans we forget this, but when you play on a team or work a job it's just as important to enjoy what you're doing, your teammates/co-workers and get satisfaction out of it.
Eh. I loved the Derrick Rose/Noah years. Fuckin blast. I hate basketball at the moment. Having a perennial losing team changes the way you think. Obviously the point is to win a championship. But I would much rather have been a Brooklyn Nets fan last year than a Boston Celtics fan. You make the trade to get the better player 100/100. But Kawhi is a bad example, the guy is an amazing person seemingly and has been a great teammate.
I get riled up because people want to excuse all of Trump's misdeeds just because someone somewhere did something similar once.
Yea saw this and was like, uh not that great. It looks like a Halloween costume.
You guys have been good since 2013. You're telling me you didn't enjoy the Pre-Kawhi years?
nah, the band. Who named it after the movie. So I guess kind of.
Of course. I mean, DRob was the man in the 90's and his face was pretty much everywhere.
"Which team had the worst offseason and why?" Fox: "I think the Chicago Bears..." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKmIdKydnc0 So I'll quote ditkaisgod27, "what a bitter little bitch." And your argument? You're wrong.
Because an ex coach going around shitting on his former team is lowball shit. The Bears had nearly the best defense in all of football and kept it in tact. The Bears have a young offense and kept it in tact. They're a building off a 12-4 team. To say they had the "worst offseason" in the league is beyond common sense. What the quote said? Did you watch the video? Completely uncalled for. He's not being an analyst, he's being a dick.
Safe spaces? Fuck you talking about. We're talking about the Chicago Bears go home with your political/societal brainwashed lingo crap.
Correction: The US is operating concentration camps on the southern border.
Is there anything more un-Christian than using the religion to fuel your own feelings of superiority.
Great pick. Title and Registration by Death Cab for me.
I had a friend, slightly less than best friend, but we'd known each other for 10 years at this point. There was this girl I had a crush on. I actually was the reason that he knew her. I knew he liked her too but he really didn't know her. I was progressively seeing her and hanging out with her more as friends. Going to concerts, having lunch..etc. So I was having a birthday party at my place. I asked him to give me one week to ask her out. Since she was a lifetime friend of mine. We shook hands and agreed upon it. Low and behold at my party he swooped in, flirted with her and got her number. My attention was distracted being it was my birthday and everyone was there for me. They dated for two years. He mistreated her horribly. Ancient history now, and when we see each other we try to make amends but I always secretly want to punch him in the face. I think he's aware of that too. Feels pretty shitty about it, but what's done is done.
God. Please. Read. I don't have the energy but... If this is what you've gotten from 30 years of Trump you are a god damn moron.
A woman wants a man that offers her a feeling about herself. As does a man. It's probably confidence thing more than anything in this situation.
I told him he was an asshole. He agreed. Said he was sorry. We had a good conversation. Before he was my bully he was one of my best friends. So it was satisfying.
I don't mind taking care of someone but I don't want to sign myself up to be a caretaker. So, it just depends.
Honestly find a way to compromise. Play for them and play for yourself and integrate both styles.
Lavar Ball isn't half the scum that Donald Trump is.
Saying "joke here" doesn't make it better. This is this person's grandfather you are desecrating who was also a soldier. Who you are comparing to R Kelly? Seriously f*** you. Do you have no shame?
Came here to say this one.
Stay off the internet Lavar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvnZYCh68kg Lavar Ball is a loudmouth father of a pro basketball player who gets himself into trouble by saying outlandish things.
Depends on the set list for me. If it's all pre-IDTII mostly, I'd be down. If he's doing his solo stuff, recent stuff, perma, painful splits and experimental type things then I'm not really interested. I just don't like his direction lately. I suspect he'd be moving away from Say Anything, and that's all within his rights just not for me.
Look at a Dominique Wilkins. Close to that. I don't think he'd be viewed negatively as some are stating though.
Ancestors died in Holocaust. I try to stick up for the disadvantaged. When narratives get out of control, prejudice rises, when prejudice rises opportunities for hate and kill rise. What drives you to be so privileged as to not have to give a shit about anyone else's pain and suffering?
It's almost like basketball skills does not equate to a person being a decent human being or not.
We learned that the migrants were being denied soap. That conditions there are worse than we feared. That the psychological development of these children are progressively deteriorating. Concentration camps. These are concentration camps.
Lived in North Jersey/NYC area throughout those years. Most people I know around my age and Knicks fans appreciate those years. (30's) Even as a non-Knicks fan/Knicks hater, it's great to have a superstar and competitive team in NYC. Sad what is.
How was this strange? Hell, it's almost expected. He took a black artist that was being pushed out of the country charts and joined up with him to put him back on it.
I always say I want to be the greatest at my profession. Is it a realistic goal? Probably not. But what's the point of being like well aww shucks I don't want to be the best or anything. The whole point is to be the best. Just don't be a dick about it.
My girlfriend compliments me too much and it annoys the shit out of me. Her compliments yearn as her wanting me to compliment her back and also decrease the meaning of them. I'm not breaking up with her, but it's the pettiest reason I can think of that I would.
They hate me because they ain't me!
Gale Sayers would be dynamite under Nagy. Curtis Conway, Brandon Marshall, Thomas Jones, Urlacher, Payton, Gould, Hester, Butkus.
Schindler's List One of the greatest movies ever, and the worst first date movie ever.
Then it wouldn't be a good askreddit question.
Just existing. Doing some things you want to do. So many people lust after the next accomplishment, but they don't mean much really.
Seriously some revisionist history here. And I really liked Jay too. Mitch's last year blows any piece of work he ever did out of the water.
If you think he was just a returner, you must not have watched games then. He singlehandedly transformed the game in a way very few players ever could. Changed field position outcomes every change of possession.
All I'm saying is you don't bring in Cutler to replace Mitch. Mitch will get better. Cutler had some shitty coordinators, shitty O-lines but he also had a some time with some really good talent too. I can't believe you get downvoted on Bears forums for putting down Cutler nowadays. I was a huge, huge defender of him while the whole city was making him the scapegoat.
I do think there was/is something amiss with him. I also think it's foolish to make all these assumptions you just did.
As someone following the band for forever, and caring and liking the other members. That was pretty fucked up really.
What you like or don't like = your opinion, man. There are bands that can't play their instruments, you can barely make out the words, are off timing and are generally un-fucking-listenable. Imagine Dragons are predictable, catchy and pleasant sounding albeit hateable. But please, there are a million bands out there and most of them are not as talented as Imagine Dragons.
Really no one talks about it? Pretty sure everyone does. Or just doesn't because the Hornets are irrelevant. Might seriously be the worst owner though at this point.
Technically your username is correct. HomoSapiens are gay. And some are not.
Highly doubt that. Post your music then.
The only people who complain that there is no good music out there are people who don't look for good music out there. Spend three hours with spotify just dancing and bouncing around with related songs and bands you like. Dare you not to find 20 new artists. I do this often, and I'm constantly finding good bands, amazing songs.
I won't be a dick, but no it's not as good as Imagine Dragons.
Keep making music and working on it though, I mean, keep the passion in life and all.
Honestly, I'm not insulted or offended. I just think, a person who thinks that, hasn't had major depressive disorder. Do you tell someone with cancer, "Oh get rid of the cancer already you bitch."
People have different circumstances and it's rarely simple was my point. For sure doing these things are helpful. Completely agree with your viewpoint.
I mean at least the Warriors FO drafted well and built a team. This Lakers squad, ugh.
On one hand, you're not in a relationship you do and see and sleep with whoever you want. On the other hand, if I'm sleeping with someone and she's sleeping with 3-4 other guys I'm probably not pumped up about it. I hate simple hook ups, and if after seeing someone 2-3 times it's not going to progress I don't keep it around. But that's just me. Definitely at some point after hooking up a few times you should drop a clear "this isn't exclusive" signal to a guy. His response, was indicative that he's not an awesome human though.
Spellman was actually pretty good before he went nuts.
Those are all good things people should do. it's just not that simplistic. Everybody's situations are different.
1994-96 he had between 7-8 sacks each year. 7 forced fumbles. Quality starter.
I know like that FDR New Deal guy, what a moron he was.
I think Obama genuinely loves Biden. I think he picked him to sure up a middle class white demographic and make himself more acceptable as a candidate. I also think he probably recognizes the party needs to move forward with youth and enthusiasm though. Biden literally fucking kills progressivism if he wins this election. Maybe even worse than if Trump wins.
He already has the role. He can easily retreat to a mansion and put his head down just as well. But he revels in it. Plenty of rich actors are jerks or even just nice people who don't jump 1000% into their roles outside of acting. Just cool to see that's all.
Wow. No. The person is saying that Biden is the media's candidate. No one likes a favorite. I do think the media wants Biden. I also think Biden's record and poor gaffe skills will eliminate him before the final two or three candidates are left.
Yea, it's a perennial 1st-2nd round playoff team at this point. Milwaukee, Toronto, Philly are all sizably better.
Phil was fucking awful in NY. He definitely was A problem.
They might as well.
Killing in the name of - Rage Against The Machine
Does everyone has to be so bitchy nitpicky. Geez I'm just trying to say something nice about the guy. With 4 million dollars I'm sure he can find a suitable place to hide out and not be as charmingly interactive as he is.
I work with emotional/behavior kids. I often forget that people aren't used to it. Sometimes I'll sit down with a friend and they'll literally fucking cry. I have to be aware of myself sometimes. It bothers me, but the job is an absolute joy and tragedy at the same time. It's normal to the kids. Me making them some kind of victim doesn't help, I just try to teach them power through. I tell my partner things, but I don't embellish and sometimes it's just better left out of my and her's headspace.
I grew up in the 90's idolizing jordan and learning everything I could about him. I really had no idea about all the negative stuff I learned later. I don't think most people did. He kept his stuff private though, and sure it was much easier to do that then.
lmaoooo nope not at all.
Yea he can be great in LA or legend in Toronto though. They'll build statues of him throughout the whole damn country. In LA, he really won't be that big of a deal.
Having kind of grown up in the 90's when every black person on TV was the criminal except for the token "good" black guy. Where there were two black kids in my grade, and both of their parents were foreign. It has been weird to grow up, open my mind through college, living in diverse neighborhoods, teaching in urban schools, dating all different types of girls to go back and channel just how fucked up being raised in rich white suburbia was when it comes to race relations and the perceptions people had of black culture. I was never explicitly racist. I always idolized MLK, Lincoln, human rights...etc. But it's hard to explain when it's so ingrained. We didn't dislike the "good" white cultured black people. Just the "gang bangers, thugs...etc." Damn.
Maybe find the next nearest clinic and have a friend drive you or uber.
Literally every single issue. Romney/Republicans were: Anti-Russia. Constitution-based. Small government. Pro-Nafta, Pro- American Intervention, anti-authoritarian, many were for a compromised amnesty. List keeps going really. They were both: pro-guns, anti-abortion, pro-tax cuts. But that's where the similarities end.
Here's to hoping.
That doesn't open up cap space.
Shoot her a message see if she responds. You only live once man, no harm in engaging in a chat.
Sure no problem. I don't mind the players making a shit ton of money off owners that make a shit ton of money. I just want them to maintain competitive balance and allow teams to keep players that would want to stay. Eliminating the cap but capping players salaries at a max is probably the best way to go. Haven't thought about it enough tbh though.
It's about controlling the agenda. You talk about the issues he's weak on. And do it forcefully. When he lies. Just state. That's a lie. His supporters only understand simple phrases and sound bites. Use that against him. Anyone who argues in rationality or through intellectual means is already not voting for him.
Watched this yesterday. Fuckin epic.
Yet when one of your coaches tried to bench Eli the fan base was ready for a mutiny.
New Year by Death Cab and Long December by Counting Crows are what I do. Try to remembers the birthday song. I'm hoping the future is less sad.
How in the interview process are you just not like, "Yea this guy isn't a head coach." Nagy says some dumb shit but he strikes you as a football coach.
Easier to be aggressive when your offense can score points!
People forget Geno was very highly touted and that he didn't lose his job because of on field performance. Fitzmagic came along. There were reasons to believe Geno could have performed better than Eli.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhuI_uzAXWo Literally all about this question.
Have a long, sensitive, honest talk how it's normal and everything. How sex with him is amazing...etc and stroke his ego a little bit. My first GF told me this without conversation really and I didn't realize it was normal at the time. It freaked me out. It's totally not the reason we broke up, but I can't lie if it wasn't something I thought about. (I know, early 20's I was an idiot.)
Extremely bad is when a guy gets out onto the field and you have no confidence he can actually score. You talk like someone who looks at stats and doesn't watch games. He was ranked in the dead bottom of almost every category this year.
The first two are pieces of shit. I'm sorry girls deal with that. You were pretty cruel to the third guy. A simple "it was nice talking to you but I think we want different things." Then block would suffice. Girls have ghosted me after perfectly pleasant conversations or dates before, it's inconsiderate. I don't respond again after maybe two or three attempted texts but, don't be that girl. You don't owe anyone anything ever, but I mean have a heart. Some girl will find his over-emoji loving silliness charming, maybe.
World War 1 started with less than this.
But THIS time it's merited. /s
Because Russia/China/North Korea are just waiting to capitalize on the downfall of the US's power. They don't want us gone, they want us to only be an economic buyer without being an influencer.
You have not read much history have you? Huge wars don't happen from one event, there are domino effects and different countries that line up for their interests. I do not believe this is the start of World War III but it certainly is setting in motion aggressive activity from a large amount of nations.
quality is absolute shit
Chimes in with a, "Haven't you ever heard of closing a goddamn door?"
A lot of us, or myself, simply don't like it ha. So I delude myself about it.
Parents always taught me never to ask for shit. So the kids who always asked for stuff got it. There's a middle ground for these sorts of things.
Kung Fu Panda movies, Black Sheep, Tommy Boy
Fuck man, I played hockey there was a kid about as good as me. Every possession he begged the coach to play. I sat there, wanting to play, but thinking I was being a man about it. I quit hockey because I didn't play enough. Fuck you Scott. Sadly, his name was Scott but my name is also Scott.
Your only as good or bad as the last 5 minutes of your game. If your doing bad, you suck. If you're doing good, you still suck.
I'd be fucking terrified to be an Israeli right now.
Oh sorry I'm just realizing that our worst fears could be around the corner. I mean, I feared it the day he was elected, but now we're getting closer and closer.
True, it took me a long life of learning to start to unravel that. For a European Jew, America was a dream come true. Only place (before Israel) that my ancestors were accepted/embraced.
Israeli government, yea.
I don't pay that much attention to announcers then when I watch the game I'll just all the sudden be like this guy is so fucking annoying will he shut up, and it's always him. Saying the dumbest shit. Not even talking about the game. Watching the Titans game was a million times better experience.
Don't be fucking naive. I'm not a fan of what we did because of it's political implications, but this guy was responsible for American deaths.
And bad Offensive Lines make the run game and the passing game shit. Derrick Henry would suck with our O-Line.
I hope he goes to a team with some Offensive talent.
Stats aren't congruent. The game changed. Dan Marino was the Michael Jordan of football. His stats today would make him the worst QB in the league. Cutler/Kramer/McMahon/Harbaugh/Miller were all better Quarterbacks when compared to their peers at the time.
This makes me want to cry.
Yep. Iran is gunning towards a China-Iran-North Korea-Russia axis of power. And we're giving it a big push.
Something the Democrats don't get, you need some of those c-words to vote for you to win elections.
Speak for yourself.
They definitely would not. Men and women can be equally cruel in life. But men are way more crass, hypersexualized and inappropriate in general. These are sad, gross people. Their mindsets are fucked and they lack empathy.
I think Tannehill's pretty good and would gladly give him a spin if we could, but no. He'd be about just as good as he was on the Dolphins. And he wasn't good on the Dolphins. He has a run game, a pretty good OL and receivers that play hard, 70 catches from the TE position. Tannehill is better than Mitch. But we're nothing without building other areas.
9.7% of their generation served. Another 90% did not. People in this protest, I gather would not be in support or responsible for our situation today.
I mean I had friends who I'd never seen utter an offensive word coming out using the N-word regularly and talking about how they can say the shit they want. Attitudes changed.
If they can make money off of it they'd do it. They are a business.
Except they weren't open about it. Now they are. I'm not going to literally give them out, I'm just calling you an asshole. I suppose you've always been one. Go back in your cave I got better things to do. "I like seeing how far people like you are willing to push your obvious lies." - Being a prick.
I'd rather they understand racism is unacceptable in society and not encouraged as a badge of identity/honor.
You paid 500 dollars? wtf!
This is really shitty logic here. "You're going to get assaulted anyway, might as well be a sex worker!"
Welp how long until the Vice President dies in a freak accident?
"I'm not racist but...."
My ex best friend told me a deep truth that I took to heart and changed as a person as a result. I then in turn, years later told him one, we're no longer friends.
Do protect yourself, speak up if you ever feel uncomfortable. There are creepy, bad intentioned people out there. So it's good that you're aware.
He's either socially stupid or really into you as a person and probably is pseudo-in love with you.
Him being doubled this much means someone else should have it easy. It wasn't all on Mack.
Hey whoa this makes way too much sense.
If you had a strong rush from the other side and a team that had leads I think you'd see old Mack attack there. You did say that. But I don't think Mack has lost any talent or ability. Plus I'm a homer.
Sadistic is not the word you are looking for.
They only understand when they come home to find a family member dead. It's a shame they're so damn stupid.
He's not trying to win the election, he's trying to have an excuse not to have one.
We are powerless. Outrage or humor makes no difference. Might as well be humor.
They've literally been doing that for the last 40 years.
No one's cheering for Iran. We are cheering for people not to die. Not one single person wants Americans to die. We also, don't want Iranians to die.
Welp, I hope we don't.
I don't want these people to die, but I am angry at them and I do want them to wake up though I know they won't until it's way past that point.
You do realize Snowden can not come back to the US right?
Named after the band, Say Anything.
Perhaps I'm wrong. It's just sad people can't have nuanced arguments and settle for these lazy intellectual conclusions of "X bad, Y good." You have a point, it's sad. To not acknowledge Iran is a bad actor is extremely ignorant.
If Dems have the House/Senate/Presidency and the President wants this, they'll get it. I think even some Republicans might as well.
Errr kind of irrelevant. Mossadegh was a secular leftist. Ayatollah and company are religious right. The two were at the entire opposite ends of the spectrum. No telling they wouldn't have pushed for power anyway. Just made it easier to label the US as the big bad wolf.
Not sure what you're looking for but I'd be totally down to find a good location to play you in chess! No expert, pre-thought out strategies or anything but I enjoy to play.
The internet is over.
Pulp Fiction
No one's really said he's anything but a great guy. It's about his ability as a football coach people chirp about. But in the business, you only last if you win a super bowl and even that gets old eventually. Thanks for sharing that story though, pretty heartwarming to hear.
You don't care about truth, just your own narrative, and that's what's sad.
Songs cool, the effect on the vocals is just like too much for me. I feel like I can't even tell what you actually sound like.
Is it "his" money or the foundations money?
25 mil.
If they were taxed fairly, that excess wealth could go to the American poor, healthcare systems and education.
I think the original post more applies to being criticized at work or character wise. I think it's important to listen, but it's not always correct. I'm a teacher and I get told that "I'm a great teacher but I talk to the students too much." I know that has positive benefits for them, many of them don't have any parental support. So I take that criticism and I put it calmly into the garbage. As far as criticism of physical appearance/things you can't change, I do not believe that is what Musk is referring to.
There were a lot of people who felt unsafe. You stuck up for them. You did the right thing. Hopefully he learns his lesson and changes his behavior for his next job. You're right to look at this soberly and not a celebration, but you should be proud of yourself firstly.
Coheed and Cambria, might as well be dramatic and grandiose.
What's Jackie Robinson's number?
She feels comfortable enough to get a drink with him. Have a drink, have good conversation. You really don't need to think past that.
Bro. But this about him bribing/extorting Ukraine for personal political favor and a willingness to isolate/destroy a relationship with a super important regional ally. Stop your tabloid gossip girl bullshit. He misused the office of the Presidency and that should be a concern for every American.
Tell Mick is my favorite song of all time. Recent fall out boy is okay, but the first 3 are albums that I can come back to anytime and never get old. And thanks! Say Anything use to be my fav band before they got a bit too weird.
I'm not for starting a war, but please, overthrowing a Democratic Iran under Mossadegh and overthrowing the Revolutionary Guard are not congruent at all. EDIT: I AM AGAINST ALL OFFENSIVE WARS. Nothing in my comment says I'm for war. In fact, my first few words are "I'm not for starting a war."
I love both of them, but this is lazy. Have someone new and exciting do the thing.
Tina's fuckin hilarious.
To be fair a lot of Jewish actors and actresses consider him a friend. I'm Jewish, I'm over it. It's not to the level of Spacey/other assaulters. I don't doubt he's racist or was, but hey I got racists in my family. Hopefully he's learned and improved. He's an engaging actor though.
Seemed like she was trying to pick up on his vibe to get some kind of friendliness and realized at some point it wasn't happening. She looked upset to me, but was intelligent enough to play along.
One of those cases you're not sure if the girl hates you or is flirting. I think in this case she hated him.
I mean that's why they'd be good. Something to prove and a reason to take risks.
Yea honestly, to have a car, education and house that's paid off with more money coming in then out. Able to take a vacation once a year and go out to eat when I feel like it. That's all I really want.
I think Bernie's the only candidate who can speak to Trump supporters in a way that a few might defect and others might say "I don't like his politics but I kind of like that guy." He needs to stay direct. The current reality of our "great economy" which only benefits such a small percentage of the population will ultimately be beneficial to Sanders if he plays this right. And win him the election. With the Americans it's always about the economy.
I think everyone's different? If it seems like a girl I'm with is uncomfortable I'll generally not like that. I'll ask my gf if she's alright and she'll give me an enthusiastic yes, but hearing that isn't really good in my mind.
Except there's pretty substantial cause to believe this one.
This gave me a good laugh. Thanks.
I would say that's a pretty biased place to be getting information from. At this point, I'll gladly vote for Sander or Warren. Though I prefer Sanders. And, I'd hold my nose vote for anyone else. I'm okay with a moderate that has integrity ala Obama but of this crop, that doesn't exist.
Right... which makes them not Conservatives/Libertarians anymore. Raw capitalism is just as inherently flawed as strict socialism. Capitalism with a floor for human dignity, is most sensible.
After the first 3 stops, I'm like wtf are they doing. Some 33 year old guy who played 3 years of pop warner football shouldn't be able to recognize this on tv before Carroll could on his sideline. Wilson's an MVP caliber player, go with it.
I agree, will gladly trade anyone Mitch Trubisky for one of your "overrated" high paid QB's.
And where do you get this bullshit from? A scientist who releases a bad study or fabricates data will have a black mark on them.
And not attractive enough to be a bitch and pull it off.
I'd argue the opposite. Beautiful women get the extremes. Guys can be super nice or super predatory towards them.
Crazy, wasn't even a stranger.
Our offense was fucking pathetic and we were 8-8. We have an easier schedule. If our offense doesn't improve we might be 5-11/6-10. To get Burrow, we got to be 1-15, 2-14. Like I said, just don't see it happening.
Don't ask for an opinion if you don't want the answer. It's a dumb question.
How about this shit just be affordable for everyone so anyone can get an education.
Born February 1986!!!
My uncle was fascinatingly interesting with talents in music, art, culture and sports. He had mentored kids, been deeply involved in communal clubs and though I spent every holiday with him I had no clue he was this man. He offered to come visit me in Europe and I didn't answer his offer. He was kind of a dick to me as a young kid, but I wish I had explored his intellectual mind more when he was alive. That was disturbing to me.
Stages of grief. Perfectly normal. Give yourself time to heal. I lost two grandparents, two uncles and my Mom in a very short span. I'll never get back the emotional innocence and rawness I once had, but a new emotional center emerges. Make good choices for yourself, take good care of yourself and know that there is no "normal."
Honestly, no. I knew he rode bikes. I knew he was intelligent. I knew he was a dentist. That's about it. Like I said, he was really cold to me as a child and was going through a hard time/divorce during that time so I kind of steered clear of him. So when he tried to open up a little more, I rebuffed it.
lol, you're the one that makes an entire post about it and I'm the one overthinking it? I don't own a t-shirt, but I do own the cd. And I still listen to it from time to time.
Baker's lucky if he''s still a starting QB in 2 years. I'd say his ceiling is Vinny Testaverde/Drew Bledsoe. His floor is Rick Mirer.
I prefer the Titans then the Chiefs then the 9ers. But honestly. I'm okay as long as it's not the Packers.
Give good advice, encourage good choices, support her in school, support her interests/hobbies, be a role model and love her, respect her as a person. Ultimately, her decisions are hers. Just as you are asking others not to judge you, do not judge her.
Cody Parkey really doesn't register in my thinking one way or another. Douchebag, but he didn't miss the kick on purpose.
For me it's not about being against diversity, I'm certainly not. It's about being against having to cater to representation that's not based in reality. One out of every 200 people are trans. Five out of every 200 people are LGBT in some way. Twenty four out of every 200 people are black, Significantly less in non-metropolitan areas. The list goes on. As a person, I always want everyone to feel safe and accepted. A movie having a minority or underrepresented person in it, doesn't make it a better movie. However, when every single show is graded on "diversity" you're really just reflecting a reality that doesn't exist. I'm not sure how to accurately explain it. I for sure think that all cultures should be represented and celebrated, but when it feels forced it doesn't feel genuine. And, at the same time, I see these award shows of predominantly old white males as being certainly problematic.
Because it's not reality driven.
I'm responding to a grading system based on "is it diverse" enough which the OP proposed. It's hard to define exactly what I mean. Totally cool to have a Trans super hero or any other type of human with diversity involved to me, I'm just saying it shouldn't be forced/pressured by anyone.
Well I'm good with that.
You literally said nothing as a response. Most mainstream movies are based in and about the United States.
I recently dumped a friend who believed that we didn't need to see each other to be friends. We had been friends for 20 years, lived with each other, was a part of his family at times. It stings, but it feels better to be gone than neglected.
I live 40 minutes from him. I also have no family. His family was kind of my surrogate family for a long time. My request, was that we get together once a year or so. That we could schedule something. He said he doesn't schedule things. I'm bipolar and it's hard for me to cope without expectations. His unwillingness to meet this simple need just made me not be able to handle it anymore. We use to see each other 6 times a week and it just dwindled over the years. If I have no value to someone, why keep putting in the effort. We spent a lot of time talking about it, I just had to shut that door. It'd be easy if he just let things go, but he kept saying I had value to him and then continued to neglect the friendship in my eyes.
Totally different. I have a close friend from college I haven't seen in 15 years. We're close. This friend lived 40 minutes away from me. I was willing to go see him any day, any time.
For me, yes. Ultimately the friendship felt like a constant stream of rejection that was hurting my self esteem. We spoke about it many times and my the dam of my patience had just reached it's endpoint. I wasn't interested in jokes about Eli Manning once every two weeks and calling that a friendship. Obviously, there are a lot of complexities and intricacies to the situation.
Such a shit talker. Skip trashed Cutler every chance he got. I'm not one to defend Rodgers, but the lack of playoff success is not on him.
Kind of a relief tbh. As someone who is bipolar, it was blatantly clear. And if it wasn't that, then that was even more troubling. I just want the guy to be alright. When he said, "it's PTSD not Bipolar" I knew that was BS. It's a desperation to say it's not Bipolar when it absolutely is, been there done that.
You're literally just completely making this up. We don't know. He probably himself might not know. Even when Max does know, he often changes his mind anyway.
Marino's severely underrated and undermentioned but he's not in the same zip code as Manning or Brady or even as good as Montana. Can easily argue Brees, Favre over Marino. Marino had some of the most amazing seasons in NFL history but he had a lot of subpar one's too. Top 5 maybe, best overall QB? That's a hard no. What made Marino stand out at the time was that he was by far and away the best of his era by a longshot.
The tour that he was never going to have again because his band is over and he was taking a really long break. It's not a crime to be someone who changes their minds about their own band/art, but Max changes his mind sometimes. He also just came out and said that the manifesto/band being over was done in a manic state.
Same as anything. You compliment character traits, not physical appearance. That's the issue. If I say, "You're wife/girlfriend is hilarious or so kind" there's no implication I want them. If I say, "you're a lucky guy" there's an implication instead of you guys are a great couple or something.
At work I get free coffee. I don't pay for coffee. If music were not available for free. I would pay. Albeit be much more selective making main acts more profitable and a lot of small bands unable to gain fan bases. There use to be much bigger local scenes for this reason but these same local bands would have no capability of touring to fans in other cities. Subsequently, not being able to sell as much merch. I don't have a cost-benefit analysis of the whole thing but it'd be interesting to see.
Just because you're a white nationalist it doesn't make you a white supremacist or a racist /s
Vote for the person that's against institutional racism, for reforming the prison system, for educating children, building communities and making healthcare, education affordable along with a livable economy for working people. Fuck all this other bullshit.
It's all about context, intent and culture really, you know, if my 13 year old boy logic understands those words.
He is the real life version of David Brent from the UK Office.
Get excited! Once again, they've selected irrelevant artists who are way past their time with little to gain!
Maybe we can just talk about and pay attention to football then. If it's a good game, that'll be great. Tired of the same Patriot story lines. No two better coaches than Reid and Shannahan besides BB.
I say things, and you argue completely inane things that I didn't say. You do you. Have a good one orangemocha.
I Think It Is
Mods keeping this sub bearable.
Montgomery and Cohen were barely getting out of the backfield. Our run team sucked. If we ran more, the season wouldn't have gone better. You heard every DB, their strategy was to let Mitch throw the ball. That's just sad.
He's a sick man and this is sad.
You definitely have never had psychotic mental issues. Your wealth really means absolutely nothing in these states.
Brees, Brady, Peyton Manning are elite. Few others here and there had elite years ala Matt Ryan. Rivers never reached that stratosphere. He's in the Hall of Very Good.
Correct. Brady, Rodgers, Wilson and Brees are elite QB's. Foles, Flacco and Eli are not. Stafford and Rivers are not.
Most of his movies are done by established directors whose movies will have a huge following no matter what. And be good, with or without him. He is a great actor.
Dumb hot take.
If not for him Brady would be the GOAT.
I'd easily say 20 would.
Right but you're missing the time when only white people were allowed to play black people, mocked them, hung them from trees and treated them as subhuman. That happened. In return, all that's being asked is you be a little sensitive to all that.
Sometimes, so I'm not woefully depressed that the students literally didn't learn shit.
Source?
This shit. If you hit someone in the head, and get hit back. That's your fault. What a generation being raised.
He decided to tell the truth because the truth is more important. That was his point.
Kids are a fuckton more stressed today. Parents are a fuckton more stressed. The diagnosis are increasing because we're not living well.
Jacobs was an absolute beast. Henry's better than him. He just moves better.
Looks like Val Kilmer /s
Jnco jeans
She was born out of touch, and stayed out of touch. Rich and privileged born, rich and privileged married. She never gained the perspective or emotional intelligence of the common person. Her responses are often so tone deaf. I think she'd make a decent President, but that time has passed. She's not the Satan figure put on her, but there's a reason the narrative caught fire.
I've never seen a legitimate investigative reporter bring up anything. Stop reading tabloids and bullshit. Give me a source if you want to. Congress continually investigates Hillary and finds nothing. Meanwhile, Trump is certainly connected to Epstein.
I mean, I'm not in the least bit worried about her. Not sure how you can gather that or what that has to do with my comment.
This is terrible and I laughed.
I follow the weakness with what I do to compensate for it. Sometimes I don't remember tasks I need to complete so I keep a task and write everything down is a perfect example.
I figured insulting a man the day he dies would be the exclusive domain of Trump.
I use to watch Laker playoff games just to watch him. I can't say he's had any impact on my life, but I've paid enough attention to feel a certain way about it. Saddest thing is a wife and four kids. RIP.
There's the pain of losing him, there's the pain of raising kids without him, then there's the pain of her kids losing him, her kids not having him around and all this playing out while everyone's watching. Shit.
After my Mom died. Someone having a meal with me was the biggest thing in the world. Now that I have a girlfriend, it's less of an important thing for me. But if you know someone lonely, just spending an hour with them once in awhile means the world.
This is rape. You did not consent to sex without a condom. He did it anyway. That's rape. I am really sorry you experienced this.
You call yourself a Chargers fan? Rivers was a high pick and they wanted him to be their franchise. Brees was coming off injury. Chargers didn't want him back as a starter. Know your team dude. Corrrection: I was wrong. MaxCharger is right.
Well shit, my bad. I did not know that. Doesn't make sense with Rivers waiting in the wings though. At the time, it was a semi-fair contract with the circumstances.
I'm in for Warren or Sanders. I think Sanders just has better widespread appeal.
No one accused him of being stupid, just a psychopath.
This is bad advice, perhaps it's someone amazing and you hit it off! Regardless, there's no pressure just a conversation to be had and to see if there's a connection. Have fun!
Find activities you like. Do them. Find out what experience you need to get a more desirable job. Do it. Debt goes away from your credit after 7 years, and you might have to wait that out. If you get sued, make as small payments as you can. You can settle a lot of the time for half the cost. Pay off one thing at a time. From the sounds of it, bankruptcy might be the best option for you. Speak to a bankruptcy lawyer, it's free for a consult. I was homeless, alone and in 70 k of debt about two and a half years ago. Now I have the job I love, with the girl I'll probably marry. My hobbies are improv comedy and basketball and I do them a few times a week. Paid down about 30 k of debt and working on the rest. Life's not perfect, but keep chipping away. Be gentle on yourself.
Fortunate really. One of my former bosses but we were close at a time contacted me. I walked into her office, wanted a job and she instantly said your living with us now. Collected unemployment until I was able to get a job. Granted, I was in a better position than most having a degree and a career path I could jump back into. But I spent about half a year bipolar, ill and unmedicated that wrecked my life pretty good.
People like what they like. Fuck do you care. Listen to what you enjoy.
If a friend of mine asks for 5-20 bucks I just give it to them no questions. If I don't give it, that means we ain't friends or I already gave your ass too much money and I ain't giving more.
Yea I mean I have that feeling too. A death's a death and it's tragic. People grieve Kobe more because it feels like they knew him. Who am I to judge that? Obviously, a 5 year old dying is more tragic than my 93 year old grandfather dying, but, I know my grandfather that's a lot more tragic to me. Kobe dying is tragic to people personally, so it hits harder. I think this idolization is a little over the top. Kobe had a great impact, deserves to be honored but he wasn't a saint and I'm not sure if he was a even a hero or anything.
It's a beautiful thing as long as it's not done with narcissistic tendencies and the craving of dopamine.
He doesn't give a shit about money. I think he honestly cares about the country. I also think he's batshit insane and bad for the country. He worked for the Bushes and Reagan. They'd loathe this piece of shit in the WH.
Sometimes even bad guys have integrity.
And another half of those half are openly fascist!
Shitty work ethic and poor decision making. Exactly. It's not even freggin close. Vick played in an era where Manning and Brady were putting up ungodly numbers. It wasn't the 1980's.
Putin did that. Trump played along.
Her problems is instead of being like wow that's a fuck up and I'm sorry and I love everyone she went all, "I didn't say what you thought I said" even though that is 100% clear those were the sounds from her mouth.
But there are silly one's. All the sudden banning the numbers 8 and 24 seems ridiculous, at the same time, whatever helps people through it to honor him I suppose.
Right? Just like a moment of silence. Doesn't effect game whatsoever.
Yea I ain't going to touch my feelings here people just going to press that downvote rage. All love though. Hope Kobe's in a better place.
My point, she lied about it. She didn't say "Nakers." I tend to think or at least hope it was just a dumbass tongue slip but I don't know the lady. Nowhere did I say I'd fire her for it. World's just a little crazy both ways. She should apologize but not be vilified if she's sorry about it.
If I call someone a piece of shit by accident I go, oh my bad sorry. Decent thing to do? I dunno.
I mean, JH looked pretty decent this year. It was a great 5th round pick, still. But it's nothing to go saying he should keep a job over.
I lost my mom, my grandfather, grandmother, two uncles and a good friend that killed himself. I've grieved. But I also personally knew those people.
I had two family parakeets growing up, one killed the other.
Eh. You're probably right. I think even Kobe would be like alright play basketball though.
What do you have to say for yourself!!!
I don't know how the hell anyone can say this. The Offensive line is bad. Tight Ends are bad. Running game sucks. The only good receiver is ARob. Cutler's a significant upgrade, but come on, you all talk like you don't remember watching him.
Dude, these people are insane. I mean, they clearly didn't watch Cutler play. I was a Cutler fan, but this hero worship is laughable.
He is better than about 20 QB's out there. I'm sure he'll find a home and a big contract.
A best friend, back/head scratch, sex, someone to eat food with, watch movies. Hearing her complain about her day. A bit more stress, sometimes draining and a bit more comfort, makes me more secure in myself.
Right. And didn't win shit.
And he also had a lot of years where couldn't sniff the playoffs. I watched every game. I saw that game and think we had a shot to win with him. That team had Forte who alone is more valuable than any player on our team. And Martz was a great play caller, but horrid at protecting the QB. At the time, I was pulling for us to win that super bowl that year but we weren't the best team in the league. Knox, Olsen, Bennet were an alright combination. Hester was fucking ridiculous.
How about instead of your wise response you educate me or link me to some sources of this "leadership." I'm in support of police reform/training, support of black communities/businesses, resources to education. What I'm not in favor of is talk or riot, without action.
What I do understand is I've lived in one of the most dangerous parts of the country. I'm more scared of cops than I am meth addicts, gang bangers and pimps. They're more likely to kill me or get in my business. I've been beaten by cops. I've been randomly searched. I've been put through 20 minutes of DUI testing despite being obviously sober in front of a date then made fun of. I've watched my girlfriend be insulted and called stupid during a random traffic stop where all I can say is, "Thank you sir." And I'm white. People like you have never had talks with young men in black neighborhoods and come from your high horse. No one's out here saying there are no good cops. Just because, even if the majority of cops are good, there's still a fucking problem with an untrained militarized police force exercising control for the sake of it. You're defense is just simple and short sighted.
Sure but if we just took care and made sure people had food, shelter, medical care, proper education, access to jobs and senior care with super wealthy contributing back to society we'd be alright out here.
Not really. We had the resources. We took care of big banks just fine. We consciously chose not to do with in the past 60 years.
Right. Nothing and no response.
If it makes you feel better, I gave work to cover every period that they would normally do in school to cover myself basically. What I've gotten back is a joke.
Absolutely 100%. I wouldn't give my money away either. It's a systemic/government problem that's been disguised as opportunistic capitalism when it's really been oppressive oligarchy. (Government for the rich, by the rich.)
This is great. Been looking for something like this.
How in the world is this edgy? "President of the United States tells citizens to drink bleach." I think that's unrealistic, even for the Onion.
I mean your name is SerbianDeath, that's sensationally insensitive almost comparable to GermanKillJew.
Cool. You should change it. Genocide's not awesome. If you didn't know that when you were a child, you do now.
Be genuine you'll be fine. You're not coming to save the human race. Make engaging lessons, be a role model and with your actions show the children they're important. Also, they will try to take advantage of you in every way. So don't just think it'll be a fairy tale. You'll learn a lot.
They come from men who get arrested marching for the KKK.
Seems like you have the right perspective. My first gig was in a school that was 93% black 6% hispanic 1% other. 3rd worst school district in my state. That's just fact, not opinion. I absolutely loved it there. Hardest thing I've ever done, most rewarding thing I've ever done. Best, most supportive and talented staff I've ever worked with. Both the sweetest and most challenging kids I've ever taught. But I got caught up in the politics and it burnt me out. So just be cautious and focus on the right things. You sound good minded about it. Have fun, you'll make a difference!
This makes me cry. I just broke up with my girlfriend who can't beat her addiction. I have a mental illness. Plus, hundreds of other factors. I'm scared for her, but I chose myself over drowning in her world. I left when she relapsed again, with no cause and refused rehab or outpatient help. Please get help, please get better. Go to rehab. Go to counseling. Go to AA. Go to a psychiatrist. Exercise. Replace the habit with shitty food if you have to. Just keep fighting.
It's not an opinion. Our insurance system's bloated. Our medical system is shit. We have masses of homeless. Child poverty is astronomical. Students can't afford to pay back ridiculous college loans. Rents are insane. Work hours are super high comparatively. The American education system is a joke. Suicide, depression, substance abuse are high. The justice system is rampantly unequal. Those are really objective truths sadly. Wish we were the greatest.
I'm a tad bitter. My last 3 exes are 2 alcoholics and one drug user. All lied about it pretty good. I told them all in the beginning, "I'll never date an addict." So, they just lie for a while.
Finland Denmark Switzerland Iceland Norway Netherlands Sweden New Zealand Austria Luxembourg are considered the happiest. The United States is 18. From having traveled myself, people in many other countries are far, far less stressed even when poorer. https://www.forbes.com/sites/laurabegleybloom/2020/03/20/ranked-20-happiest-countries-2020/#2f3ad5c07850
Didn't know those things, damn.
This country that I live in is not so bad is drastically different than America is the greatest country in the world. Post WW2 and Post Cold War we were clearly the greatest, but we've really messed this thing up.
They'd have no recollection of it thankfully. You can see in their faces, the pain isn't there that you see of a survivor.
I didn't google for a study, but I'd be willing to be a paycheck or two there would be statistical backing to it if studied.
What are you talking about? During their first memories they were 4-5 most likely living in the US. They know Eisenhower-Kennedy-Nixon much better than Hitler-Stalin-Truman from a first person perspective. Frankly, I'd doubt they know any more factual evidence about the Holocaust than I do. I know that sounds douchey but growing up Jewish I was drilled on it. I've been to the DC, Israel museums. Toured camps in Poland. Been to Auschwitz and grew up consuming non-stop media about it.
As an educator. I expect to be an academic guide. When I have to be a parent, social worker, friend, disciplinarian, provider, nutritionist. That's a societal problem. Poverty and income inequality are the greatest issues to solve that in itself would alleviate racism. If that sounds dismissive, well that was one of MLK's main points. Children today aren't growing up racist in most areas, they're growing up socially malnourished without opportunities. They don't see the point of education. Frankly, if I were an underachieving/slightly intellectually disabled student, I'm not sure I would either. Though here I am, teacher to keep the motivated and be a cheerleader. I love helping students, but ideally they wouldn't need all the social support so I could teach academics, without the bull. Also, English is certainly influenced by Black writers and perspectives in North East US Curriculum. We dedicate a month to it, and don't ignore in the other months.
Bro, went to Pitt. Dave Wannstedt has followed me and wrecked all of my teams.
teacherspayteachers There's a bunch of books that have "300 simple lab experiments to try" instructions. Google for those. NewsEla is good for current events. Brainpop is productive filler when you need it. Flocabulary gets kids attention. Have the kids make their own google slides/powerpoints and teach out. Collect short videos. Depends on the material your teaching though.
Exactly.
Yea, I wasn't any different before or after basically.
This is a complete shitfest shitshow, but it's certainly not rock bottom. I'm cautiously hopeful though! To new leadership!
Northerners - Black people are an underclass inferior people. Southerners - Blacks are property. Both bad. Drastic difference.
Works if you got money!
You're asking people to teach those advanced classes and NOT pay them? This is horrible. Teaching is hard work.
I've yet to see one "2nd/3rd year QB is slacking on offseason program." Be careful how much kool aid you drink. (Cries in Mitch tears.)
You really spelled Kobe, Cobe. I think that is probably the hardest name to misspell, especially considering this past year. Michael and Jordan are much easier to misspell. Sorry, I'm just laughing over here. Cobe.
Hakeem is in the echelon of Kobe-Shaq-Duncan. But I mean, there's arguments for each of them and not really a wrong answer. Dude got MVP's and rings. He did it without other superstars. One of the best defenders in the league, great offensive player. What are you talking about his accomplishments are small?
that shit was hilarious. Phew.
Careful. Last time that turned into Darth Vader assisting The Emperor in ruling over the galaxy for a long time.
Umm, call the police?
What this neglects, is that there are systemic reasons why crimes are committed in black communities than white communities. And that many crimes that are committed by whites are ignored whereas blacks are not. Blacks getting thrown in jail for drugs. White's all on their opiates and prescriptions like WHAT. Same shit. One race goes to jail, the other doesn't. This is a simplistic, idiotic charts that ignores so many factors.
Surprised Obama isn't on here.
A year and a half. She was an alcoholic and couldn't beat it, I couldn't deal anymore.
100%. It's hard knowing how far her life's about to fall. I was a band aid for a lot for her, but I did all I could.
You can ask for a volunteer tutor. Or even a volunteer to share lessons or a curriculum. Or guest a few lectures. However, to ask for a volunteer AP Calculus teacher that is going to be lesson planning, grading, lecturing, keeping up with students and planning is quite insane. It's something you can't comprehend the challenges of unless you're a teacher. The amount of work is, well, a lot. Would you ask a lawyer or doctor to volunteer themselves full time 40-50 hours a week and not get paid? And, teachers don't get paid much in the first place. This isn't part time volunteering, it's an attempt at grifting.
Positive reinforcement is something that a student feels good about. If a student genuinely hates praise, and in 11 years of teaching I've never met one that did, sure find another way to give it or indicate it. Even if subtle. However. Giving a positive behavior a positive consequence will increase said behavior. I'm not a cultural expert, but give praise for specific positive behaviors unless it is grossly unwelcome.
Pssh. Obama's been not taking that bait for like 15 years now. Kind of amazing. Thank God it's almost looking like the country's at the realization of what Obama is/was compared to Trump. Had a lot of problems with Obama as President despite campaigning/volunteering for him, but holy cow never imagined what was coming next before the primaries.
I mean, it's like to one student giving a Patrick Mahomes rookie card would be the greatest gift ever in return for an A while for another that card may be entirely worthless. It just takes being in tune with each student a little bit. Most students understand and appreciate teachers who show they're interested in their success.
I wasn't knocking your response, just expanding on it. Agree with what you said.
No, it's because people chastise teachers and this was condescending. Don't come here calling strangers dumbasses. Do you have a job you work 50 hours a week at? That you spent 100 grand to go to college for and months of internship. Want to volunteer instead?
A bad administration see students as dollar signs, teachers as problems and test scores as money. They focus on limiting rules and control over creativity and compassion. Or. A bad administration simply doesn't care. They allow students to disrespect teachers. Tell teachers to cater to parents and students. Teachers walk around scared. A good administration, listens to teachers. Protects them from harm. Cares about students. Cares about safety of the school. Let's teachers find their own creativity and enjoyment in teaching. Is consistent I've worked in all three. It makes all the difference.
Well I don't know. You don't need to cuss out and throw temper tantrums every other post on reddit. G'day sir.
Sure, but it's about developing relationship. I work with ED kids, and it takes time for some to be able for them to properly accept something nice about themselves. I break them all down eventually. I've had kids absolutely stunned before, they just never heard something nice about themselves and didn't know how to handle it. You have to read the person, room and situation of course. But there is a way to let a kid know he's doing something well, loud or quiet, and it's beneficial.
Don't know why this is downvoted. It's not certain, but he clearly jumped pretty far into the role going so far as to isolate himself and create journals in character as the Joker.
If you care about doing something great, the details matter. If on every issue your like, "does it really matter?" Well that's how you end up with shitty performances.
No, but many noted Phoenix's commitment to his role. If in his mind, that was what Fleck was. Then that's what he had to do.
No, American police culture breeds bad behavior. If after all of this, this is the conclusion your reaching then please learn how to listen.
As someone who has struggled with mental illness, I always loved the advice to "meditate and relax." Shit, if I was able to I wouldn't be in this mess in the first place. I do know people it's worked wonders for who have consciously done it.
Right? How did you not know? He raped a 13 year old then threatened to physically harm her family. Was that not enough for you then?
That's my biggest struggle. My addictions down but i still have cravings. I usually cave and fill up a small from wawa with coke. But A month ago I was drinking 6-8 diet cokes a day. So progress is progress.
Um, who's the boyfriend? Who's the girlfriend? And what are the flowers and chocolates?
Not only racist, I mean, they need to be removed because their traitorous. Never made any sense to me.
I'm thinking this will just be some random thing and make no sense. I look, and I'm like oh wow. Uh, yep. Yes.
Never talking to family members ever again
Finn in real life too!
I played a game with my kids they seemed to like called, "Who is most likely to..." I'd give a non-controversial statement and the kids would vote on it. They had a good time. Obviously, watch what you put in there and if your students can handle that.
I have 40 friends on there that I know and no one else, like. None of them ever post drama or stressful stuff. I'm gladly missing out on the traditional experience of having 300-400 friends who I use to know/met in passing letting their idiocy colors fly. There are people who know I defriended them. But. What do I care. The ads are just awful though. There's one or two people who it's easier to text there then it is by cell so I keep it. And I like the marketplace section. But it serves little purpose.
Pretty clear that trying to gauge some rationalization isn't the same as what it's actually used for. Edit: Fixed for all you professionals out there.
Sure, I haven't been out to bars/clubs in a really long time, well maybe 2 years, but at my age (34) I'm only going if a group of people I know are going rather than to look for entertainment in that atmosphere. I go to event related stuff sometimes, karaoke, trivia or just for a drink. Honestly. I don't think you missed as much as you think. People dance and drink, sometimes something happens, sometimes you get a girls number, sometimes you strike out over and over. Plus, shit man, you're 28 that's not old, grab a friend and go have a good time. Just don't do anything stupid.
Wow. I really hope our culture has a big wake up call. Good on them.
1. This job's is not for someone that can't plan. This job is not for someone who personalizes comments from students. You might be attacked, cussed at or spit at and the next day you have to come in with a good attitude. You will go home and cry early in your career sometimes. This job is for someone that is resilient. This job is not for someone who cares about rules over kids. Or is there for a paycheck. 2. Compassion, love, consistency, enjoyment of teaching material and willingness to listen learn as well as change their teaching style as needed. If you have fun but take it seriously, the kids will have fun and do better. You also have to work well with other teachers, assistants, case managers, social workers while giving the administration what they want. 3. If you're in a public school you'll be marginalized and learn that the only priority is to keep the students to keep money. You'll have to make and support decisions you disagree with if you want to keep your job. 4. After 11 years? Perfect. My first three, I worked non-stop. All depends your situation. It's going to be a lot of hard work if you're going to be any good at teaching. 5. Absolutely. Just try to get into a district that treats teachers well. I make much less money than when I first started teaching in a private school that has a more "home" feel to it. It's the better choice for my health and wellness. My advice, volunteer or work as a paraprofessional in a special ed class to see what it's like. Schools are always looking. Also, don't go to a school that is too data intensive and think about the specific population your interested in. Teach ADHD, Aspergers kids is way different from teaching a moderate-severe Autism class. It is nothing like tutoring or even substituting. Ask for a teacher that can help mentor or teach you. The job goes way beyond "helping people." You're going to take abuse from all angles and have to come out whistling. I love my job, and I love others that do. But it's not for everyone and that's okay. The big difference between helping your elderly population, is that they're generally willful, in Special Education everyday is a new battle of some sort.
I know you're just being a douche, but it's way cheaper to eat shit food and gain weight then eat well and stay fit.
Sorry man. Life's hard. I'd say buy 5 large fries from McDonalds and 4 large cokes and go to town. That's like 4,000 calories for 13 bucks. It'll do the trick. *Don't really do this.
Alright man then I guess your just stuck being not morbidly obese. Sorry.
The education system hasn't adapted to the modern career field and has been the same since 1950. It's absurd. Modernize it please. Let students sample career tracks realistically while giving them a liberal arts education, financial education and basic life skills.
Dude, how much is Apple paying you? ha.
I'm in the middle of it and losing weight quickly and healthily. I walk at least 2 miles a day. (Not as hard as it sounds, throw on some headphones.) Also, shoot around/play basketball. My staple foods are: Eggs, Grilled Chicken, Salmon, Brown Rice, Protein Shakes, Bananas, Almonds, Strawberries, Broccoli, Chicken Teriyaki and Chicken Taquitos. Use ketchup, mustard, tomato sauce, everything seasoning, garlic. Trader Joe's is a godsend. Nothing takes me over 3 minutes to make. Keep high protein, healthy carbs and keep the sugar down. If you really have a craving, go for it but in the smallest portion possible. I've lost drastic weight before, but never the right way, feels great so far.
No, I am reacting to your comments hoping protestors get Covid. Which, regardless of your political views is gross. But, furthermore if there is another outbreak that's bad for everyone and will kill people not at the protest as well, also damaging your precious economy, harming our country. So, I am basing my response off your ignorant comment above. You don't care that innocent people die. Stay classy.
Sorry, you're right. I just found your karma comment in very poor taste. Bye.
I don't get why people don't understand that life is about growth. Racism is never okay. But sometimes, people learn and racists become allies. I don't know Fromm either way, you can damn him but give his future a chance.
I'm not sold yet, but he makes people miss and he hits the hole hard. With a little O-Line help, I hope he can at least be as good as J. Howard was at his peak. Also, no one was scared of Trubisky throwing the ball past 10 yards, that's destructive for a run game.
Name/Brand Recognition
Thanks for putting that better than I did. I have a mental health problem. I've been assaulted by police despite not being dangerous. An EMT or social worker would have handled situation much better.
Either this is all 15 year old's or there are some creepy dudes on here.
This things been around for 5 months at this point. How do we know so little? Like, wouldn't you think we'd know this? I'm not a scientist, what do I know.
Welp, that flew over my head thanks for letting me come back.
All the way at the bottom. Ha. I mean, I guess it's a fun list this guy made but it's really not reflective of general consensus. It's easy to put IDTII on the bottom, I don't dig it, but Hebrews is generally an inventive and well received album that's pretty much accepted to be better than Anarchy. Push is one of my favs, and that's like the third from the bottom.
Nope, you're the winner because now you get to explore the Get Up Kids discography.
I'll take Nick please. I mean, obviously Goff &gt; Trubisky, but I'd rather save the money and be looking for a decent QB than shipping out 35 million a year. If we had Goff, or Defense would have massive holes.
Yea I just didn't know that you should run with it in that situation.
Oh for fucks sake. He inherited a top 5 defense he has nothing to do with. The guy has a lot to prove. His performance last year was abysmal. He's got one year to put up or shut up and produce with this offense. I'm not a fan of hearing this. You have extra time, you work on things.
Yea he was amazing. But guarding Shaq and guarding Centers is not the same.
I don't have much helpful words, but I've had a few students do this over the last few years. We usually journal everyday, so if they're invested, I let them work on their book instead. It's a real point of pride for them. I would give her creative feedback and let her know where to add detail. Tell her what you like and ask your student where she sees the book going. Just showing an interest will mean a lot. As for the resources, I'd like some too ha. Good luck.
I'm an NJ Special Education Teacher, I've taught in district and out of district. It really varies widely from every district as far as the quality of program that they have. I would meet with and speak with the child study teams before you decide to move. Everything from teaching philosophy, discipline practices, inclusion, school culture and staff support matters. New Jersey generally has a really good reputation for Special Education. Keep pressure on them, communicate with the staff and teacher. It also depends, is she in self contained? inclusion? main stream? Is she on an academic or vocational track realistically?
Perhaps we should make healthy food affordable and available. I just started eating healthy and I can afford it right now, pay way more than to eat junk. The average family or individual can't afford to eat healthy. Edit: I will never make a comment about food again. I'm upvoted, but there are some nasty people on here. Sheesh. I don't cook, and the truth is if I buy a bunch of stuff to cook, I'll end up throwing it out. Rely on precooked stuff from Trader Joe's and BJ's. Many Americans don't have time/energy or are just lazy frankly, and aren't going to. But, welcome to sit on your high horse over there. What I'm doing is working for me, down 20 lbs, the insults here are atrocious.
Edit: I was 11 at the time and there were no black people in my town. Since, I've lived in black communities, taught in black schools, had black roommates, black girlfriends. I grew up inspired by Lincoln, MLK, Frederick Douglass. But alright. Downvote away.
But is he willing to play for a 1 year league minimum no guarantee deal?
A salad where? A salad at a fast food place first of all isn't healthy. And saladworks is expensive as hell. You can make your own sure. But you still have to buy a bunch of ingredients and throw it in. After all that, it's not that cheap.
Yes. I made a comment on reddit I didn't expect to be called a fucking asshole 100 times repeatedly because I can't cook. Once would be enough. Yet, judging by almost 600 upvotes I think the majority agree with me. I can afford to buy stuff, it's working for me, I'm a happy person. Perhaps I will try to replace some things making them myself to make it a tad cheaper but I did not think this would trigger so many people.
Omg, that's amazing. Would you hate me if I steal that one day? Steal the name, not the dog.
Yes. Because you want to be reminded of this everyday all day. I'm already in Philadelphia and have asshole Eagles fans who do that for me.
It's that number. They sell out every game.
We had 20 kickers and they were all at his level or worse, but none were really better. We don't need that catastrophe again.
Eh, teams got to at least want him but there are plenty of teams where he's an upgrade as a back up. I could see Burrow pushing for it, but realistically if Burrow comes out and plays like crap as a rookie you don't want the crowd chanting for Colin. Buccaneers, Cardinals, Vikings, Titans make a lot of sense. Entrenched starters with crappy back ups. You just can't sign him if you have a young QB that could falter. That pressure isn't helpful.
They can't "put" him on a team. But, coaches have wanted him and plenty of owners have said over my dead body. Which is, what that whole lawsuit was about. I think a progressive owner/coach will offer him a spot for sure.
I mean for many the goal of tinder is to get laid. Therefore, no.
It's a dumb idea. Why don't we focus on education, healthcare, housing, jobs and infrastracture.
Honestly, just open a word document. Write down all your expenses, debts, loans...etc. Open your bank account and determine how much you spend and on what.
Maybe set up a pen pal system with a predominantly black school? Or weekly video chat or something? You can teach them history, but the most effective combat to racism is just having people get to know each other.
You should write a thank you e-mail anyway. Reinforce explicitly your interest in the district and the grade levels your interested in working for, if you absolutely won't take the other position then there's nothing to lose.
Gotcha! Always helps to get in there. You'll do great. First place I worked interviewed me for two separate positions months apart. Place I'm working at now interviewed me for three separate positions months apart again. Point being, showing your face is good.
yes master FoxNews, I will think exactly what you say
Guess that manager really messed him up. That's sad though.
Thanks for saying this. Sheesh.
*cries
It was silly not to have a coherent story written between them or one that made any sense with the other. Either you had to create a new world/style entirely or you had to follow the old formula. It made no sense to try to do both things.
Saw that, not really pumped up about it being a Jew and all.
I don't think anyone denies that.
I think you should not base your opinions on one person's post on reddit. Racism isn't a political party problem. It's intrinsic spanning our entire society, rooted in our founding and development. It's worse with Conservatives, 100%, but it's completely existent among liberals as well. Also, the guy from Boston going to games screaming the N word probably does not consider himself a liberal. You are just making so many hail mary generalizations to make definitive statements.
Corona is the first time I've given out my number, thankfully my parents have been respectful. The answer's really yes. As long as the parents know it's a new "policy." And most of the parents will know why you did it too. I wouldn't worry about upsetting anyone.
Don't even know what BtVS is.
It's not though. I have 13 year olds at a 1st-3rd grade reading/math level. Realistically, they're not going to shoot up. Don't get me wrong, I'm going to give it 110% to do it, but you prepare not to set them up for failure. Years go fast. At a 4th-7th grade level, sure it's possible. As a teacher, simple truths sound bad, but reality's reality and I see a lot of that in our society that we want to believe things that are convenient to believe rather than push solutions that will actually help someone function and thrive.
God no. Hope Foles does though. I can't believe people still buy Mitch being good at Quarterback.
There should be safety personnel and they should be social workers. Period. If security is needed, they shouldn't have a weapon.
After reading this, face masking 15 yard penalty. The fourth of the game, and the only penalty ever called.
Right, I mean I know the plays that I can run to get rid of the ball fast but what fun is that not being able to run complicated plays.
There's no if, we've watched 3 years. But alright. Bear Down.
Right, but even so. Vick, Lamar, Tebow not sure about Bortles were always advertised as double threat running QB's their whole lives. Mitch, averaged 3 ypc in college. 4 last year. Vick averaged close to 7. Tebow 5. Bortles 6. Point is. Mitch isn't even close to that stratosphere.
There's plenty of other kids who will say don't mess around in HS you wreck the rest of your life. It's about balance. Join activities, clubs and make friends. But getting A's is good too. Stop sapping, learn and enjoy your life. In your mid-30's, you don't give a rats.
Don't be so hard on yourself! Have fun and be smart about it along your journey. We live and we learn.
Lord of The Flies, Brave New World, Walden were good/thought provoking books. If you want to get weird/humorous with it, Kurt Vonnegut Breakfast of Champions
Look at your curriculum. Put up related posters that are colorful and you like. Put a few motivational one's up to that speak to you. Make your classroom have your personality. Plan different seating arrangements to try out. I heard something a long time ago that stuck with me, often the teacher that does something on day 1 that works and sticks with it does not become as effective as the teacher who is constantly trying new things. In Math, if you teach, they snore. If you have "competitions" while you teach, they love it. In my experience. Turn everything into a game. I play Math Tic Tac Toe, Math Jeopardy and 24 if you haven't heard of it. Also, who wants to be a millionaire. Make your classroom come alive and the kids will. I'm a big fan of whiteboards and markers. Assign everyone one of each. Make sure it's assigned, so you'll know the 1-2 kids that lose it everyday vs. the one's that are responsible. If you ask a question, have the whole class answer, not just one kid who raises his hand. Put on their desk necessary math skills, PEMDAS, Multiplication Tables...etc that sort of stuff. Air freshner. Trust me. Have fun!
I think it's simplistic and stupid. If you want to bring awareness, hold events and conversations at the games. Have halftime speeches. There is more than one way to do this. It's selfish and assholeish honestly. Kyrie already has more money than he'll need for a lifetime, not all of these other players do.
Or people that ignorantly don't educate themselves then post on reddit.
uh, it was referencing someone who uses drugs. smh.
I guess yes, you said it better than I did. I was just being lazy. Been her MO her whole life. Probably served her well sometimes, not so well others.
Smart idea.
You sound lovely. There are many kinds of intelligence, but compassion is the most valuable one. :). Many different kinds of memories too that value different things.
I mean, I was referring to you. To not be able to separate looters from protesters is ignorant. Think you're the special kind of stupid here bud. I've been pulled out of my car, thrown onto the concrete, and handcuffed tightly. When I referred to my constitutional right the cop made fun of me. No charges, did nothing wrong, no cause. I've been made fun of by cops after being pulled over because they wanted to embarrass me in front of a date. About a month ago a cop pulled my gf over and called my girlfriend stupid with me in the car. We just have to say, Yes Sir to avoid fines. 100% for police reform. Their abuse of power is currently tyrannical. Are all cops bad? Of course not. We need good cops. Is their culture bad? Yes. Yes it is. When a cop murders a citizen, he's covered with immunity. That has to change.
Gotta read less internet my man. It's frying your brain.
I think Kobe had that year he scored 35 a game and that year that they won it. Year he scored 35, was just so fun. I'd watch every game I could and I hated the lakers generally. Duncan, Dirk, Lebron, Wade all kind of shared that best player mantra and it was a debate. The consensus was you built your team around Duncan for one season. You would pick Lebron for the next 10 years. Go with Kobe if you needed someone clutch. Wade if you needed a multi-game tear. Dirk a jumper.
If you watched basketball for those years and it never crossed your mind that Kobe was the best player in the league, you weren't watching. I mean, it's debatable but he went out there and was just amazing sometimes.
He's considered easily one of the top 15 players of ALL TIME. What are you smoking? Easily better than Garnett. Easily better than Miami Heat Shaq and beyond. Easily better than early Lebron. This is just dumb. None of these points are even debatable. I'm not even a Kobe fan and usually say he's overrated.
Umm he won the 2007 MVP. 2006 he was clearly better than Nash even though Nash won the MVP. Don't ever tell me your picking Nash over Kobe in a 5 on 5 game. 2002 he was right there with Duncan. 2004 again, better than Nash. 4 years that he was arguably the best player in the league. Kobe, Duncan, Dirk, Lebron were the top 4 and no one else was close. Garnett never won anything in Minnesota and joined Pierce, Allen in Boston. Nash's stats were inflated by the Suns style which no one caught up with yet.
Right, that's your opinion. Fine to have, we don't know that with certainty. To say his name isn't up there, is stupidity. Nash's team wasn't bad. That year after Shaq, Kobe took a horrid Laker team to the playoffs and was just playing godly out there. I mean, what other dude could put up 50 with ease? Nobody.
I mean there were some years where Duncan was just there. Nobody talked about him because he wasn't interesting. We all talked Kobe. A lot of people said Kobe was better than Duncan. Personally, I knew Duncan was better but I never tuned in to watch him, and I watched every Kobe playoff game I could. Seriously though, you don't have to think it, but a lot of people and players did now and then. Also, I mean he won the 2007 MVP, so you're factually wrong.
You're trying to say, that in the 00's Kobe was never considered the best player in the league and that's insane. Duncan-Dirk-Kobe-Lebron were all argued back and forth at different points. Nash, Wade, Shaq at different points too. I mean, like today we got Harden-Giannis-Lebron-Durant-Steph-Anthony Davis. Different arguments for them.
You have tenure. Stay. If you are grossly unhappy to the point it makes your life/job difficult, then take the chance and leave. Value your happiness.
Hopefully November.
As someone who doesn't follow baseball much, I didn't know if he had previously played football. Didn't make sense, but I looked through the thread until I found this. I think basketball was permanently cancelled, Lebron would try football. And plenty of players would try other sports.
Talk and ask their advice for the library and how it can assist their classrooms:). You'll make allies quickly. Poll the students on what they want to read. Have reading events and rewards. Make it fun.
If the conditions of the virus call for mask wearing, then that's what should be done. Scientists should decide this. I've thought a lot. Though I want to go back. Think of an elderly teacher that dies. Is that not worth wearing a face mask? Or delaying school a month or a year? Do we put that little value on human life today?
The funny thing is they talked about it like it was a brand new earth shattering invention.
People are people so why could it be. I've had parents come to me about other teachers hating their children specifically. I just listen. Because they were right. I tell my students that it's a lesson, that not everyone will treat you well or fairly but you still have to learn to do well despite it. I always back the other teacher, but I listen and let the student know the rights and wrongs of the situation. If I have to, without directly saying it, I acknowledge they were right.
ALL matter matters
He wasn't good enough to be on the team at this point. The staff wanted to give him the dignity of "retiring." Oh well. Nobody's forcing him to retire, if he can play and be healthy then go for it. He also did some really, really shitty things with fights and whatnot. Sure there's plenty we don't know. If he's not a superior upgrade, I don't see why you keep him.
Yea, it's a recurrent thing.
This sounds like bullshit. Lacked details? Huh? Did you guys not practice and study well? What's going to be any different? Lame answer here.
Allen's better, but still not good enough. Allen can run the ball and throw deep. That's the difference. I still don't think Allen's a good enough QB to be a starter.
yea i agree. Almost sad.
Probably, but he's the one who is doing the blowing.
"Science" that is just a bunch of guesses and speculation isn't really helpful.
Sure and I'm all for it, but what was researched here? The notion that there likely is life in the Milky Way Galaxy that is either too far or not congruent time wise to us has been said many times. This really researched and discovered nothing.
Right? Hulu and Disney Plus are both less than that and it's a comparable price to Netflix. Absolutely nuts. NBC's got a new one coming out. This is so awful, now shows will just be split up and people will just go back to downloading illegally because it's getting ridiculous and inconvenient.
In NJ, you need to pass a Praxis test. You need to earn your Alternate Route Certification. You take a year course at CC college. You get hired for a job. You complete your Cert while you're teaching. It's tedious, but more than doable. (I did it.) Others mentioned emergency certs, so I suppose that's something to look into as well.
I'm offended by Hawthorne Heights. Humored by Nirvana and Metallica.
Honestly, to different generations anything with guitars that's past classic rock probably sounds the same to them.
Here's the thing. Emo was more about the scene/community than the sound in the 00's. Those bands came up in the scene. FOB started out pop punk. Now is, pop-alternative. Panic has always been straight up Pop. Besides the one album they tried to sound like the Beatles. So there's different reasons different bands are associated as emo.
I mean EA Access, my bad.
Sorry, just seemed like you were being a dick to him for no reason. Suppose I didn't get the joke, my bad.
Yea, all this revisionist history. Orton looked worse than Trubs last year that year. Somehow, we won games. Grossman at least had arm talent to drive down the field. Orton had the better career, but his ceiling was never very high. Meanwhile. Everyone was done with the Cutler era. It was just time. Things were so ugly that last Trestman year, that taste needed to be washed out. Meanwhile, we just continually made bad decisions at the qb position. Please Nick Foles, you're our only hope.
100% and Trubs was trash last year, shouldn't see the field this year. But when something worked, he just went and did something else. He mocked running Iform, then we had one game where we ran out of Iform and looked amazing. We had a bad offense last year, but there are ways to cover that up. He didn't even try to.
Exactly. Offense good = keep job. Here's to hoping.
Did I say that? I don't think it's a bad thing. Sure give them citizenship. Just a tad late maybe?
Dude. The talent he had in NE was pathetically bad. The talent he has in TB is amazing. He's going to do fine.
Dude, Gronk, Godwin, Mike Evans. That passing game, will be fine.
I disagree. Gronk will be fine. He said that last season he could barely move he was so hurt. Guy is the best TE of all time. Brady was bad because his receivers were shit. We'll see what happens. I think he'll be fine. He's not going to come out like Manning's last year was.
Do you know KG? You think he has a hard time communicating intimidation? lol. He did a great job. I don't know enough to say whether he'd be out there acting well in a legitimate drama. But I'd pay to see it.
Did the Jets offer him an extension? No. If they offered him a big extension would he have taken it? Yes. There's a bunch of factors. I don't blame Adams, the Jets are a perennial sinking ship and Gase is apparently a jerk. If you're not happy where you work, you should be allowed to leave.
Fuckin Nihilists. I mean, say what you want about the tenets of National Socialism, Dude, at least it's an ethos. (I'm Jewish, therefore allowed to say it. I think.)
Link to some music?
I was up to drinking 6-10 cans of soda a day. I'm down to one. but I just can't not have it or my body starts breaking down. Here's to one day. Great job, keep it up. I drink protein shakes that are pretty tasty as well as plain popcorn, apple slices, almonds for snacks.
Player works hard in offseason.
In New Jersey, EVERYONE in a inside or public sphere has a mask on. That's why our numbers went down. 18 out of 22 states are Republican going up. Just ignorance.
Yes. It doesn't work like that you are brainwashed. There are plenty of places that test a lot and guess what, the virus is going down. I have lost my patience with idiots. You all are killing people.
Occupational Therapist, Physical Therapist, Social Worker, School Psychologist, Paraprofessional, Teacher Go to school. It's your career. Go for it. Personally, I wouldn't recommend School Psychologist for "working with kids." It's a lot of testing and paperwork from what I can tell.
Welp, if you want a job worth the loans then this is the wrong field for you.
We're going to have a mid range pick or higher. Those QB's rarely pan out. I'd rather try to just have the best D of all time. Imagine pluggin him next to E-Jack. Good gosh.
3-4 years? What? May be a 1st rounder this year and a 2nd next year. Not giving more than that.
lmao and they're not getting it. That's how negotiations work. Especially now that you know he might hold out or be a distraction to the Jets. Adams is a truly great player, but he doesn't have Mack's value.
I'm anticipating that we're going to be pretty good this year. I just don't think we'll have the capital for that. Foles is my dude, I'm confident. If not, I think we'll have to dip back into free agency or acquire a young back up. I am not a fan of stockpiling for future talent. It rarely works. And often you just end up with mediocrity as well. 76ers/Browns are good examples. We'll see what becomes of the Dolphins.
Was kind of kidding, talking about how it is in the real NFL these days.
Boomers literally coming close to be responsible for ending the planet.
Agree. Just get in a classroom. Honestly, the teaching classes don't prepare you for classroom management and relationship building which are two of the most important elements of teaching. Also, "not being a good student" sometimes makes a teacher good at reaching students who feel that way about themselves currently.
It's really not silly to ask an English teacher about books they would like to teach. It seems like a generic expected question. In History interviews I was always asked what historical events most interested me.
The Giver and Outsiders seem like lazy choices... That's what I read in middle school over 20 years ago. I enjoyed those books but still education is so sad.
I'm 34, they got big in the scene when I was in High School. Early stuff is my favorite then they got a bit too mellow for my taste. Deadbolt is one of my goat songs.
And you can pick any common book that you read in HS or MS and talk about it. Whether it's The Hobbit, The Giver, 1984, The Outsiders, Maniac Magee...etc. The answer isn't important, the explanation/show of critical thinking is.
Yea but your missing the point, your in an interview, the point is come up with something. It doesn't have to be true. Otherwise, your interviewing for an English job and don't know any books? It's not a good look and it's not an inappropriate question to be asked.
Never give up!
Welp. He did tell us to drink bleach. That reality isn't reality. A virus that killed 130,000 people in this country and will probably kill 100,000 more is fake. It's not political anymore.
I mean, better than the Boomers just shitting on everything and hoarding their wealth.
The early games were a lot more enjoyable, pretty sad.
I mean, that is one thing that is realistic.
What does that even mean? My generation graduated into a recession, now we've hit another. We can't pay back our loans, can't afford kids or a house. You have 70 years olds who worked one job living in a big house yelling "just get a job." And there ain't shit out there. The economy is fucked with economic inequality going to the mega rich and environment going to shit. That's fact, not woke. If many get sick they're bankrupt. My mom got cancer, that destroyed my families finances. For the record, I have a professional job and a Masters Degree. I can't afford shit past a little spending money. More adults live with parents than ever. Not by choice. The word woke is used by rich privileged idiots who haven't had to live in the real world or dumbasses that watch fox news for 6 hours a day while their own politicans rob their pockets blind.
Nope, it's a marketing ploy. Will sell more jerseys.
I love the guy, but he wasn't even top 5 in his conference most years. All Time Great Bear, but your getting a bit carried away here. He had one great season and some other solid ones.
I hope bad times never come to you, but should they, remember your arrogance.
People who riot are not the same as people who protested. Chances are, they're opportunists not activists.
I'm trying to decide to take a class in the fall. This is infuriating. If it's online I'll take it. Unlike k-12, there are not as much social-life development benefits to argue to have it.
He led a 12-4 team and was real close to heading to the NFC Championship with some clutch play. He wasn't good, but he was fine for a 2nd year developing QB. He went way down in his 3rd.
I love that graphic. I've stopped having an opinion on everything. I just don't know. I'm going back to teach next week. Half excited half worried. Though I'll only have four kids in my SPED class.
Stupidity. Arrogance. But, call it what you want.
Arnold Schwarzenegger lives in America. Therefore, we are the strongest country. #caseclosed
Oh I know. We'll have 100 kids in our school in the summer. As friends have said to me, yea "Super" we're going to have 2,200 in the fall. Can't imagine. I'm relatively confident about the way my school is doing it.
Here's how I felt. I watch Star Wars for Star Wars. Not for seeing it destroyed.
He introduced characters to fit in the world that the audience bought. The 2nd movie should have been about motivations and character depth setting up the 3rd.
For the biggest movie of all time to do less connecting planning than my 3rd grade students do on essays about their favorite youtubers is damn sad.
If this is true. You absolutely impeach him again. Doesn't matter what the circumstance is politically.
Oh boy am I in for a history lesson with you. Republican Senators have been letting the American public down for 60 years against basic moral conscience. Don't bet on it.
People aren't super happy about sitting in their homes not being able to go out. The second things are safe, reopen and if people had similar economic means I think they'd zoom right to their previous life. I would.
I'm giving an opinion on a message board and neither of us know what the actual case will be. I haven't spoke to anyone happy about the current situation that believes they're living their best life atm.
A great big life ahead of you. Kudos for having courage.
Killed to me, but I'm also 6'1 300 lbs guy so I'm probably someone who people would pass over trying to rape. It's appalling how many women have been assaulted/raped but I'd just think they'd rather be alive.
I'm a highly rated teacher that receives excellent reviews that students love. My administration, colleagues and district reps give me constant praise. Your response is extremely inappropriate. One of my students found out I was her teacher for the summer and exclaimed, "Thank God!" Each one said they wanted me for the summer. Don't feel too bad for them. KWL charts are recommended in most teacher training programs. She's doing much better, thanks. You're a creep.
