I’m a gay dude dating a bi guy and I don’t really care as long as we have honesty and trust. I know it may not seem like it, but we’re out there.
Speaks more to your own trust issues.
&lt;3
Not a confusing PERSPECTIVE
Looks familiar.
2047 completion. Jesus! I’ll be old and fat by then. I guess the kids of the future will be able to enjoy it.
Also one more thing I just noticed. Keep an eye on your birds of paradise as the leaves appear to be droopy and a bit curled which could mean a couple of things but may be hard to diagnose over the Internet. It might need more/less water or more/less light depending on the direction those windows face. But a healthy birds of paradise has leaves that point upwards, so I would keep an eye on it and see how it responds to your usual watering/care cycle.
That’s not technically a bait and switch. They aren’t switching what’s being offered. The room is still free, they are still offering it, but you have to pay the resort fees and tax. As opposed to the room price AND the resort fee. This just boils down to advertising with fine print. Besides anyone in this sub is going to be well aware of resort fees by now. More information on what a bait and switch actually is for anyone curious: https://www.consumerreports.org/consumerist/what-is-the-bait-and-switch-and-when-is-it-illegal/
A three night stay at Harrahs comes out to $119. Still pretty good imo. You won’t find that price for a hotel anywhere else in the country.
The resort fee is being paid no matter what. So what does this game of semantics matter really? The rooms are still quite the deal currently. You are not getting that hotel price anywhere else. Period. Now in the summer when I’m paying an additional 35 on top of a 200 to 300 dollar hotel room, yeah that adds up quick and is pretty damn annoying. But 35 for a couple nights in Vegas ain’t bad at all.
I’m in LA and I see the same same rates. Discount travel sites have never been cheaper for me over booking directly for Vegas. But intend to stay at the nicer hotels which probably don’t come down that much in price.
Nah like a tiny 1 to 2 foot tree that I can just put up in the hotel.
Slow down the camera movements. Nice and easy pans to show your space off. The erratic jerky movement makes it really hard to see anything.
I love the messy bed look, but I can never pull it off. Really nice photos here.
It’s called the Tilia desk. It’s from Scandinavian Designs but they don’t offer it anymore.
Most people aren't high level though. That's the problem.
I love how you completely ignored everything OP was looking for lmao.
Yikes, this post is referring to the fact that the app itself, not the viewable content doesn't fit the new screen ratio of the 11" iPad. Even when you're not watching a video, the app itself is letterboxed on the left and right side because it has not been updated to fit the new iPad's bigger ratio. So content appears letterboxed on the left and right in addition to being letterboxed on the top and bottom in the app. Hopefully that clarifies the issue for you.
Just be careful on Willoughby during rush hour through Weho. The street is loaded with parked cars with just enough room for two vehicles to pass each other. I’ve had my mirror snapped off by a speeder right as I turned off my street onto Willoughby in the morning. Every morning and afternoon I have to deal with people who can’t figure out the width of the street and drive like absolute maniacs or will just completely stop because they don’t know two cars can easily pass each other. There are also stop signs at every intersection that people will quickly roll through. Just be aware and you should be fine.
alternatively titled r/whiteguysgoneslightlywild
You wouldn’t. /thread
Man I was just in Singapore too. 😭
Omg I’m dead.
I think this is much more fringe and less used by the majority which is why Apple did away with it. Basically people want quick access to photos, most people don't use the camera to take a photo and send. They already have the photo in their camera roll.
Does the sign behind her head look photoshopped *in* to anyone else? Edit: Nevermind, this is probably a result of portrait mode.
Thanks for this info. My BF was wondering the legality of flying with a disposable weed pen from LAX to LAS.
lolwut
Best Italian food on the strip?
Sorry I’m creeping your post history after seeing your blood dono post. But I think the point they’re making is that any regular use making this post or misunderstood in a post can’t quickly and as clearly clarify their internet with a sticky. Definitely your privilege as mod to do so, but I understand the argument they’re making. You get to control the conversation of your own post more so than just a regular use with a visible sticky that is the first thing people see.
Cute now. Unbearable later if and probably when this relationship goes sour.
No INTJ would do this. We don’t care enough. And we’re rarely fake.
Apple TV has a menu setting to reduce loud sounds. https://www.cultofmac.com/399181/how-to-reduce-loud-sounds-on-your-new-apple-tv/amp/
I’m enjoying my coffee this morning. ☕️
Or maybe that just makes you ignorant.
Don't come for me like that!
Bookmarking this thread to see how it goes.
Wow. This was hilarious.
Not now. But in the future when you’ve had the service for while and you’re used to it. A five dollar increase in the bill to rent a box will seem negligible when they start adding it on your bill. It’s a little naive to think they’re going to make these boxes and provide them to you for free forever. They won’t. They’ll start charging and the prices will increase. ATT is a for profit company. They’re not going to give something away for free if there’s money to be made eventually. The lure of it being free right now is a great way to draw in additional customers to pay for the service and to keep customers thinking about switching. And when that market share maxes out, they’ll start charging. That’s how these things always go.
You might, but as history has shown us, most won’t. If there’s one constant in life it’s prices always increase.
Yes.
To go along with the mentioned, Excalibur has $5 blackjack tables and Venetian has $5 electronic tables with a live dealer 24/7.
Now they’re an SJW because they called your joke condescending? You are full stop overreacting here. Relax man and let it go lol.
Actual advice in the post. I’m shocked lol. Another tip I use is to take out what you’re going to gamble in cash. That way you’re not drunkenly dipping into your checking account with those $8 ATM fees.
She’s also in Fear the Walking Dead and Lost.
This is why we need to contact our legislators to make drip pricing more transparent by including it in the full cost of one night.
Chesterfields *look* awesome, but they are not comfortable.
The fees aren't getting waived for not using the amenities. The excuse that they're for the internet/pool/gym is PR nonsense. Resort fees are a direct result of consumers using booking sites like Expedia and Priceline to book their stay. These sites take a percentage of the advertised rate, meaning hotels lose that revenue when you book third party. Resort fees were initiated because it's typically something you pay at the hotel, after the advertised rate, and they collect 100% of the revenue. The Cosmopolitan taking action to bundle parking costs in with the resort fee is a decent step, even though they invented the problem in the first place. Basically it boils down to charging $35 a night for parking and calling it a resort fee.
This game and then watching Dafran, Emongg, Seagull play Kolorblind, EvilToaster, and Stevo have been some of the best Twitch games I've ever watched. The streams have been magnificent today.
Here comes the Stevo brigade. I'm not sure what's more obnoxious, him or his chat plebs.
Lemme guess, cuz expensive, housing blah blah rising, and there are cheaper cities.
That’s not what a bait and switch is. The resort fees are still very clearly advertised, they’re just not advertised in combination with the room rate. This particular method of pricing is called drip pricing. “Drip pricing is a technique used by online retailers of goods and services whereby a headline price is advertised at the beginning of the purchase process, following which additional fees, taxes or charges, which may be unavoidable, are then incrementally disclosed or "dripped".” A bait and switch is 100% completely different and is illegal. There is no legislation on drip pricing. https://www.consumerreports.org/consumerist/what-is-the-bait-and-switch-and-when-is-it-illegal/
That is pretty awesome man.
Works fine for me.
r/gatekeeping
Photos &gt; Snapchat video
The place looks great, but the RGB makes it impossible to see much of your home’s design. And RGB in the kitchen fundamentally goes against everything you do in the kitchen.
This has been my biggest peeve every time I drive in Vegas. Why are the lights so inefficient. You’ll sit at a red light 2 to 3 minutes sometimes.
I’m so so sorry our education institutions have failed you.
Santa Monica is it’s own city. It is inside the LA county limits however.
This is actually a thanksgiving cactus. Not a Christmas cactus. Christmas cactus leaves have rounded edges. https://getbusygardening.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/difference-between-christmas-cactus-and-thanksgiving-cactus.jpg
She was excellent in Can You Ever Forgive Me? I definitely see an Oscar nod in that performance.
Oh that’s a target? Interesting.
Yeah I agree with you. I think I phrased my comment stupidly too. Meant to say 3 of 4 of my serious relationships started from a Grindr hookup.
It’s a great way for ATT to track your habits even more than they can with just their service though!
I think this space could do with a complete rearrangement. The problem you’re having is that all of your furniture is crammed on one side of the room and on one wall. It leaves the rest of your apartment with these huge empty spaces that really serve no purpose. I would center a 65” or a 70” TV in the middle of the wall. Currently your entertainment center is aligned closer to the windows and that layout creates too much empty space. Move it to the center of that wall. Pull the sofa back another 6 feet from the wall. I have a much smaller apartment than you and my sofa is around 12” feet away from the TV. Purchase an 8 x 10” rug and use that as the basis for how to appropriately space your furniture. A small wooden console table behind the sofa would look really good and allow you to place some personal effects on top. Now since the TV is centered on the wall, we have an empty dead zone by the windows to the left of the entertainment center. That area is perfect for a small table and two chairs stacked with books and a couple of tall plants surrounding it. Make a little cozy reading nook you’ll never use, but will be aesthetically pleasing. Move the dining table to the area behind the sofa where the cowhide rug currently sits. This utilizes that empty space in a functional way and also helps remove the 10 chairs you currently have next to the kitchen bar. Place a floor to ceiling bookshelf along the back wall behind the moved dining table. This will help elongate the room and make you really notice the height of the ceiling. Currently all of your furniture is extremely close to the ground, which caters to the illusion that the space is super huge and the furniture in it is too small. Separate things I would work on adding to the space are floor lamps, objects that create height, and color. You have this modern home with white walls and clean tiled floors. It’s a bit cold and uninvited so you really want to bring some warmth back to the space through the use of textures, patterns, plants, and color. Throw pillows and blankets and poufs are the easiest and cheapest method to add all of those things. Height, don’t forget height. This room is begging for a tall floor lamp, a couple of tall plants, just some structural item that leads the eye up to the top. Balancing the height in the room is crucial so it doesn’t look like you’re in this huge home with tiny any furniture squished to the floor. Hopefully some of that gives you an idea on how you should work on rearranging the layout. Let me know if you have any other questions.
[Not exactly, but close](https://mobile-beta.westelm.com/products/wrh-mod-upholstered-bed-frame-h917/?cm_cat=Google&amp;sku=4633504&amp;catalogId=92&amp;cm_ite=4633504&amp;gclid=CjwKCAiAu_LgBRBdEiwAkovNsIZ5u3uY12aqXwLtwOvt5POmudFGyZ4LKH4YZqqlT3aWJhzud7x8ohoC6TIQAvD_BwE&amp;cm_ven=PLA&amp;cm_pla=Furniture%20%3e%20Beds) If you google [mid century upholstered bed](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&amp;hl=en-us&amp;ei=lNIdXJqMOKqh0wLh3ZnwBQ&amp;q=mid+century+upholstered+platform+bed&amp;oq=mid+century+upholstered+platform+bed&amp;gs_l=mobile-gws-wiz-serp.3..0i30j0i5i30j0i7i5i30j0i5i30l2.3884.6641..6885...0.0..0.91.1007.12......0....1.........0i71j35i304i39j0i8i7i30j0i7i30.BS178UiHMnQ) you can probably find cheaper knockoffs too.
I’m an Ana main and this my dream too.
FaceTime camera switch and iPad numbers/emoji switch are the clearest indicator they are listening.
You spelled cosmopolitan wrong.
Clocked!
You’ll take any reason to shoehorn parking fees into a topic, hey.
Ticketmaster will be issuing the refunds, not cosmopolitan directly. Also super suspect I’ve gotten two replies on a dead post in minutes of each other and the second comment was upvoted within 29 seconds of being posted. Get out of here with your alt accounts, OP.
Seriously. OP is an ass.
The before photos definitely look better, brighter, and just give a clean inviting aesthetic. The kitchen as it is now feels like it’s lacking something.
Open those shades and let the natural light in when you’re photographing your place to show it off. It allows you to see detail and makes your place look a bit less dark and drab.
It’s a north window which is the weakest source of light. What looks bright to you, is not bright enough for plants. South and west windows are the best options for plants. For your space I’d recommend plants that tolerate low levels of light. They include, pathos, snake plant, zz plant, Chinese evergreen, and peace lily. The peace lily has the added benefit of wilting to show it needs water. I’d start with that and once you get the hang of it, you can add in more plants.
It looks like the inside of a fancy coffin imo.
I’d open a new card and state that you’re earning 100K. Maybe the AmEx Platinum or Gold to add to your membership rewards points. You will get a sizable CL bump based on your payrate.
Their comment history is exactly what you assume it is.
Craig is a breath of fresh air and he's only been on stage 10 seconds.
Developers aren't the target demo for new software additions?
The audience murmuring as he announces the prices. I expected a hefty mac pro price, but that display price is RIDICULOUS.
You should always sell before a big keynote or product launch.
It definitely is.
They need to stop trying to make that phrase happen.
Ok
I’ll let you know in a week!
I go to LA Fitness on Hollywood around 4 to 5p and there’s never any waits. I’ve also been there nights around 9 and there’s no wait either. I’d assume it gets pretty busy around 6 or 7 but I’m always done by then. It’s a very clean and well maintained gym. My boyfriend goes to 24 Hr Fitness around 8 to 9p and he says its busy but he always gets on a machine without a wait. His problem with the gym is that it’s very dirty, towels everywhere, and the locker room is disgusting.
Your point doesn’t matter when we don’t know what OP said. It might have been homophobic, it might not have been. That’s what the thread addresses.
A new DTVN sub and wants to watch TWD. Double oof.
You can so easily tell the types that only see the top posts in the sub by way of their comments.
Daft Punk and Rihanna re my top two.
Big machine would have easily renegotiated a new contract to keep their most consistently successful artist.
Label pressure or a signed contract?
Do you even know the name of the sub you commented in?
I’ll be in Cuba. Damn this timing!
Nope. But thanks for letting me know!
In Cuba right now. Literally all you need to cross over is a tourist card and a flight. They didn’t ask for anything else.
Just FYI, you’re talking to two different people in this small chain.
Yeah. Where are they from? A pack or are they a default transition in Premiere or FCP?
Gotcha. Thanks my dude!
I got back from Cuba last night. All you need is a tourist card and a flight to cross the border. Nothing else has changed. Purchase your flight under “support for the people”.
People ask for more commuynication from the devs, they get it and complain that they’ve already read it on Reddit. You cannot win with gamers.
Oof. A widow getting killed by brig is comical.
Just because you don’t need funding doesn’t mean that you should pay for things yourself. That is exactly what record labels are for. So you *dont* have to use your own money. I can’t see Taylor, being an excellent businesswoman, funding her videos herself. I’m sure she has that contract typed out to a T.
Dang. I wish you had posted this about a week earlier. My friends and I would have definitely taken you up on the offer.
Making mental healthcare affordable and not stigmatized to hell and back for starters.
Not questioning your semantics, but the shit drivers we have to deal with on the roads everyday.
I would assume tickets are sold out by now? Why does that link still let you add Wkd 1 to cart?
Did you even read the post? They have that card.
Alliant visa. Chase sapphire. WF Propel. Amex gold are all good looking metal cards that offer way better rewards.
If you’re buying a Mac Pro, you’d be better off getting a card that offers you a sign up bonus. Spend X amount in 3 months to get cash back or points . You’ll earn much more over the long run with sign up bonuses that yearly rewards.
Majority of CCs make their profit off of interchange fees, not interest from holding a balance.
I’ll check back in an hour or two, but my guess is most of these comments are going to show *exacrly* why this sub is like 80% single dudes.
Initial stages of chatting back and forth forever on apps, planning a date weeks out, and then having someone flake. Best way to get past this is to plan to hangout immediately for that day or the day after. You’ll cut through all fakes and flakes this way and show who’s actually interested in meeting up. If they’re not interested, keep swiping.
\*Edits with. He probably uses a silk stocking or Cosmo 2.
Majority of all skin smoothing filters allow you to preserve details like that. Cosmo 2 being the most widely used filter definitely does. This has more to do with camera settings than anything else. James misues DOF in all of his videos, he really needs a better videographer. Edit: should have continued reading, looks like someone else already commented that.
Drama is drama, just because the topics are different doesnt mean anything. Youtube audiences love drama, so wherever it pops up, that's what the focus will be.
YMMV but I applied for CSP and CFU a day apart and was approved for both with a 10 point credit drop from the inquiries.
What are those advantages? If not on an individual spend basis...
Quite a bit. - [most recently she accepted a GLAAD Award](https://youtu.be/3F1SJfrgcJc) and said gay rights our human rights. - she’s always supported queer artists like Big Freedia, MNEK, frank ocean - when the Supreme Court ruled in favor of same-sex marriage, Beyoncé even created a short LGBTQ-themed version of her “7/11” video to celebrate with her fans. - she has gay couples in her videos, most notably for her song All Night - she promoted the “Y’all Means All” campaign aimed at overturning North Carolina’s discriminatory “Bathroom Bill,” along with urging her fans to donate money to GLSEN following President Trump’s rollback of Obama-era protections of trans students in public schools. - she provided visibility for the trans community when she hired actress and activist Laverne Cox as the face of her advertising campaign for her athleisure clothing line Ivy Park - during Black History Month in 2019, Beyoncé posted on her website about trans activist, writer and director Janet Mock. - she also dedicated one of her performances to the victims of Pulse shooting
It’s just hella annoying to have to juggle what you need to spend to max those credits out. Where as the CSR, all you have to do is take a flight or spend money on ride shares (which most people do anyway). Much much easier to use than having to spend at specific restaurants and choosing one specific airline.
Goldman Sachs is the card issuer, don’t forget. Everything the Apple Card does still has to go through them. Furthermore there are quite a few cards out there that net you 2% and more by using Apple Pay to pay for things. Popular cards like the CFU or Discover It among them.
Can you elaborate on the “much more than that” part. Edit: gets downvoted for asking a question lol
Disney has got all of you guys suckered if you think that initial price will last. They’ll reel y’all In with the marvel and kid content and then raise the prices just like every single streaming platform that exists has done.
Truth. But when HBO was just starting out, you most likely would not have paid $15 a month for their service either. Time is what will show us if Apple can play ball.
Whoa! I just got back from Cuba on Monday. The heat there combined with the humidity was infuckingsane.
[It was beautiful. ](https://imgur.com/a/wTFWvy4) And everyone was super nice, despite the current tension between our governments.
BofA card is great for spends under $2500 per quarter. Any more than that and the card is useless and reverts to 1% for everything. I’ve relegated it to my sock drawer. Just keep that at mind.
After reading all the comments, I’d go with Chase Sapphire Reserve for dining and travel and Alliant for everything else. The Amex Gold people are suggesting has trickier credits to use, as in you have to actively think about using them. And as someone who doesn’t dine out a lot, it’s prob not for you. The Chase Sapphire has a $450 annual fee but you get a $300 credit for flights, Ubers, hotels, car rentals, etc. the category is VERY broad and if you’re flying a lot, you’ll cover it easily. Plus the benefits are second to none.
Make that two!
You just sound bitter that someone else can afford to drop that much money on a ring.
Do people ever read posts on reddit...
Most non-airline branded cards offer points, not miles. Travel cards earning points are generally category specific (usually travel and dining), they're not the best if you're purely looking for general spending. But what you can do is get a travel card and then supplement it with a general spend card earning 2% back (Citi Double Cash, Alliant Visa, and the Paypal card are good for that). Since dining is your top category, I'd recommend the Chase Sapphire Reserve. If you're spending $100 a month on travel, you'll trigger the $300 travel credit easily which takes your annual fee down from $450 to $150. And the $100 credit for global entry/TSA-precheck, should make visiting family less hassle. Plus the added trip protection plans could be beneficial if you ever get sick before a trip and need to cancel. Don't let the high annual fee turn you off like it did me. Another possible card is the Amex Gold since that would cover your dining and groceries categories. You'd just have to put your Costco spend on a different card.
I'd also evaluate the ease of redeeming credits under the Chase and Amex systems. Amex credits can take a little more thought as you have to spend at certain places to earn them back. And their travel credit has to be tied to a specific airline for a full year. Whereas the Chase travel credit is pretty broad. As long as you fly once a year or take a couple of Ubers, you'll easily cash in that $300 travel credit without having to think about where your spend goes.
Personally, the Chase $300 travel credit is easier to use than having to think about specific restaurants or stores I need to spend at to earn the Amex credits.
Yeah ten year difference isn’t terribly uncommon or weird outside teenaged years. 30+ years is going give most people pause.
I went to pride with my boyfriend and our friends and we had fun.
The cake is a lie.
Crazy what the police ticket here for. Jaywalking. Scooters. But you can drive like Grand Theft Auto down streets like Laurel Canyon and Moorpark and completely get away with it.
Agreed. So many recommendations in this thread that are objectively worse hotels than MGM. If OP is looking for change and a little bit of an upgrade, Cosmo is 100% worth it. Second to that I’d suggest Venetian.
OP. Go and get tested now! This is a stupid and outdated mentality that could literally change your life. If you contract HIV, there’s nothing they can do about it in 3 weeks. But you can take PEP within 72 hours after exposure (post exposure prophylaxis). The proper method is for testing NOW, testing after 30 days, and then one last confirmation test after 3 months. Waiting only puts your life as you know it at risk.
It’s not our job to educate the ignorant. That’s on them. Being a decent human being and showing other people respect isn’t asking for blind acceptance. It’s not a difficult concept. People celebrating gay pride do not affect people who choose to live in their bubbles. I don’t necessarily agree with what pride has turned into, but your argument is extremely terrible. There are many, many more overtly sexualized straight carnivals with girls flashing for beads, there’s nude bike marathons, and underwear runs all of which are majority straight in completely in the public. And nobody says anything because they are straight. Where’s the outcry when straight people do the exact same thing gay people do
Buy a USB C cable.
That you would need regardless to physically connect anything to your Mac pre USB C ports, jokes aside.
It’s combined. So let’s say you pick gas as your 3% category and you also spend 2% on groceries/wholesale. Once you hit 2500 in those categories combined the card defaults to 1%. It isn’t just your spending in the 3% category.
Of course. But the context in this case should tell you why that adds to the story.
Why would you think reddit is above anything. Let us not forget this community at its lowest point during the Boston marathon bombing.
It’s three different songs in the trailer accounting for the terrible editing. Has nothing to do with what you’re talking about.
Lana Del Rey and Miley Cyrus have very very distinct and unique voices. They sound nothing like each other and nothing like any other artist out there. Ariana Grande, while she may sound like other artists, has a pretty distinct vocal range. Not many people can hit the notes she can hit.
Not fake. Just a severely light starved jade plant.
Wynn/encore has the best nightlife on the strip hands down. But all other times the hotel caters to older clientele. It’s still extremely nice, but the ambiance is completely different than cosmo.
Including yours.
It was. There’s an additional one for weekend 2 on the 6th with a payment plan option.
Same.
Yes. They will.
What mods.
No you don’t. And if you honestly believe this, you need to join r/personalfinance. If not spending $12 dollars one month is something you have to do just to pay for food, it isn’t something you can afford period. We can tell he has no savings, isn’t working to save money, and is in a situation where the minuscule amount of $10 bucks is life or death. Even though hes paying for Netflix 11 months out of the year, he cant afford it if he has to cancel to survive. He would be much better off saving $144 year round than saving $12 one month to eat. Most people are one check away from poverty, he is literally one netflix show away from starving. His money would be better spent in savings to prevent situations like this from occurring. There
And you’re a complete idiot as well because my grammar is correct.
Not sure what you’re trying to imply. But they’ve edited their comment twice now. The first edit said my grammar was wrong and that I used the incorrect “your”. I didn’t, so they edited it out of their comment.
I...
Strange definition of “ripped af”.
I even held up my hand shaped like Michigan and said “this is where I’m from”. The closest anyone got was my bf’s childhood friend that said it was in the northeast. On the contrast, literally no American knows what the capitol of Australia is (including me before I met my partner).
r/MurderedByWords
Jaywalking was invented by automakers who scared of legislation [against cars](https://www.vox.com/2015/1/15/7551873/jaywalking-history). Pedestrians are not the problem, the people in vehicles not paying attention to them are. You can be as defensive as possible walking around LA as still get killed by a reckless driver.
I love that this community is now discussing balance again instead of just being OWL TMZ.
Can you elaborate on this.
Paint is relatively cheap. And sod can easily replace any damaged grass.
They’re a chain. My guess is David went to the one in Encino.
Crazy that one trolling stan can send this entire sub into a tizzy.
Biggest pop act in 2019 probably goes to Ariana.
Coachella isn’t the definition of what makes someone big. This sub is a microcosm of the real world. Sales, singles, #1s, and streaming are much bigger factors in an artist’s career than a Coachella performance. Ariana had her most successful year ever in 2019.
Yep. She’s had an extremely good year too.
Lizzo 2019 Spotify streams: 1.1 billion Ariana 2019 Spotify streams: 5.7 billion Thank U Next debut sales: 360,000 Cuz I Love You: 41,000
Every metric we use to determine success says otherwise. Not sure why you’re arguing against actual statistics. Ariana has more listens, more sales, more hot 100 hits, and more cultural relevance.
Literally no one said Lizzo didn’t have a great year. But there are artists that have had a bigger 2019 than Lizzo. There’s a reason Ariana was added to Good As Hell, to boost it back up into the top twenty on the billboard hot 100 as it was falling prior to that. Anecdotal evidence doesn’t prove anything. It doesn’t matter what you’ve personally seen. Real world statistics matter.
When you can’t refute my point anymore, you deflect. Listen you can check my history if you need to, I walked on her Coachella set because it was boring with awful lighting this year. I was downvoted to oblivion when I said NSYNC was the highlight. I think she’s one of the worst headliners to hit the stage. But those are all my opinions and it still doesn’t change the fact that she had one of the most successful years in 2019.
Jeff is the game director not the entirety of the dev team.
This entire thread is people stating their opinions as fact with zero sources to back it up. It’s wild and hilarious to read.
So no concrete source we can all look at. Just secondhand information passed down that’s likely been bungled to hell and back over time. Got it!
Imagine needing to site your source in any form of work and tacking on “I saw someone say it on a stream or something”. Absolutely hilarious. If you can’t back it up, don’t act like you can.
Now you’re just making up things that weren’t even said. No one claimed this.
I typically find Lyft cheaper than Uber for the same routes.
I’m sure the terms will change in 2021 again.
There’s an app called Anyride you can use to populate both Uber and Lyft fares at the same time.
And replacing it with?
Overreactions. Cancelling now leaves money on the table by not double dipping the travel credit.
I remember seeing those pink mustaches all over LA and wondering what they were for a while.
This is definitely the most likely scenario that everyone here is overlooking.
I don’t see doomfist on this list.
Damn. You just completely missed what was said in the comment even though they spelled it out.
There is nothing confusing about this. Try r/Aww
You’re being downvoted because your analogy is silly. Albums hitting #1 is literally how peaks work and are categorized. Some have a meteoric rise, some have a slow rise. Of course no one expects to remain at the top spot, that’s just not how things work.
\- Sometimes you're staring at the same scene over and over and you can't actually tell what's wrong with it anymore. Need a new set of eyes. \- Pickups. Things shot any different days \- Shitty script supervisor \- Or as someone else said, acting, action, dialogue, or another aspect over continuity \- Money and/or time: Deadlines and budgets can keep shitty things in movies
Majority of all movies do this, just not as egregiously noticeable as this one was.
Yeah agreed. Subs like r/confusingperspective are 90% posts that should be in other subs.
That's not saying much since The Island is equally, if not even more, terrible.
Holy shit. Didn’t even consider this. Nice.
Goddamn. I completely forgot about that. Heart wrenching.
The ending clip of Sarah saying “It worked”. These are great keep them up. Refreshing my memory on everyone.
It’s a war movie. Of course it didn’t.
Still two more trailers to be released.
Someone else on the team following up on a sleep dart? Not in my bronze, silver, gold, plat, or diamond games!
David has always been 3 years younger than the rest of the Vlog Squad. Zane, Heath, Carly, Erin, Scott, Toddy are all 27 - 28. David was 18 when he moved to LA, 19 when he met most of the Vlog squad. The hometown / Chicago friends are all his age. Corinna, Natalie, Dom, Ilya, etc.
Sleep dart is one of the most satisfying abilities to land in the game. It just feels so good when you land a sleep on a critical target or stop an ult.
I’m dying because this is 100% correct.
Color. Art. Personal items.
The best barber I’ve ever had in LA moved to K-town and after a couple haircuts I had to find someone else. I don’t know how people live there without dedicated parking.
I was just in Australia and being able to use Apple Pay everywhere was brilliant. Restaurants, gas stations, the metro, bars, grocery stores. My god why haven’t we caught up.
Makes sense why that one is always impossible to get into.
Lol jaywalking was invented by the automobile industry to sell my cars. It has nothing to do with keeping you say. That’s the bullshit they use to keep you in cars.
Even if I’m going from a hot country to a hot country, I dress warm because planes are fucking cold.
I WANT OPERA TO PAY FOR THE FIREFIGHTERS DAMNIT
Was just there and everyone was super friendly. Y’all have never been to LA.
It keeps the resale value unsealed too.
When your comment is surrounded by homophobes that actually believe the nonsense they’re spewing, it becomes harder to separate the bad jokes from the homophobia.
Yep the Starbucks, 24Fitness, cafes, restaurants around the gay bars in LA are surprise all gay friendly with a majority gay clientele.
Not what I said, but continue thinking that if you’d like.
Lmao. What do you have... lego style hair that never changes?
Her roots are dark and you’re seeing the underside of her hair. That’s literally it. The only difference here is sucking in her stomach.
Mini orchids typically grow lots of buds.
Ah yes, because the argument I put forth here basically amounts to purposefully putting yourself in harms way because there's no legislation to say not to. We don't need laws to control everything we do, especially dubious ones created without pedestrian safety in mind. It really shows the auto industry's death-grip on our society and culture. Plenty of people function outside of the US without legislation telling them how to cross the road.
That’s Reddit.
Also called an investment in tour property. But most people can only see short term.
The assumptions in this sub are WILD.
Reddit, man...
Oh wow I’m dumb. I read it five times and still didn’t make that connection!
Validation is the word you’re looking for.
Jesus Christ how narcissistic can you be. Your dog isn’t the exception. Some people are allergic. Some people just don’t like dogs. And high energy ones tend to be absolutely obnoxious.
I met one of my closest friends at a pool party after we bonded over how much we both disliked dog culture in our city.
I’m just not a selfish prick and I know how to think about other people than myself. Something you clearly lack.
OP cares way too much about this.
People are idiots and don’t understand it.
Why does noon need to be in the middle of the day? What purpose does that serve?
Really just goes to show how delusional and selfish you dog nutters are. Asshole owners absolutely exist, some of you will let your dogs shit anywhere without a care in the world for anyone else. [https://i.imgur.com/0X3k4y2.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/0X3k4y2.jpg)
Even Kristen said in one of his videos he needs to stop the “woe is me my life is so sad” act. It’s old and super unfun to watch.
It’s a replica.
It’s definitely a replica.
Almost always or almost always?
It’s literally just a Snapchat filter. Calm down.
Sounds like QP before role lock.
Remember their age. It is a huge contributor to everything OP is experiencing.
Doomfist imo. Chain CC that prohibits you from doing anything but falling and a OHKO in one hero. Most frustrating kit in the game to play against. It sometimes takes entire teams switching to CC to counter him. I’ll put up with Sombra hack simply because she turns DF into a flopping magikarp.
I play tank and support. D.Va is my best hero. But I’ve been playing a lot of support lately since she’s kind of a throw pick. Sombra has been pretty much nonexistent in games outside of the one meta she she was strong in. But doomfist has come in and out of the meta a couple of times. Infuriating to play against especially as a support.
Australia more diverse than America?
Nationalist. Not racist.
Shut up.
Nice follow up haha.
Which point are you discussing, race or diversity. Because they’re not the same thing.
Lost’s finale was divisive, it wasn’t hated by everyone like GoT, Dexter, True Blood were. There are plenty of people who were satisfied with the journey and didn’t need every single detail explained. It’s not in the same category just because you disliked it. This entire thread should show how divisive the finale is. Liked by some. Disliked by others. https://reddit.com/r/freefolk/comments/eqw4tz/_/fezdncx/?context=1
They did. What are you talking about? The shows affected by the writers strike rushed out their episodes and sped up production timelines to try and wrap up storylines. They in no way hired scab writers.
They didn’t. What the OC said was false.
I’d personally still watch it because it has some of the highest highs of any tv show ever.
Got just ended in 2019, those other shows have been off the air for multiple years. GOT impact will lessen with time.
It’s not that difficult
Counterpoint. I’ve lived in weho for seven years and never experienced anything like this. I get my hair cut on fairfax, I go to the Astroburger all the time. I walk to my friend’s homes in WeHo 2 - 3x a week. Personal experiences are anecdotal.
I used to go to the small cafes on the ground floor for lunch when I worked off Century Park E. Nice grounds outside, but has a stuffy corporate atmosphere.
This has nothing to do with toxic masculinity, but they’re right about everything else. Reading the comments here easily shows that.
Dps rarely peel in gold and plat. Tanks and other supports do, but Dps? Yeah right.
Oof. I’ve been that support a couple of times while spamming group up.
Why are you so defensive.
Just let it roll off your shoulders man.
Looks like FaceApp that the OP is trying to pass off as photoshopping.
High cheek bones have been the rage in the modeling industry since the dawn of time. This is literally nothing new.
Slims the face.
Not seeing it either.
I never understood why this sub was always so uptight. By far the worst city sub I’ve seen.
Dog. Nut. They aren’t people.
Look for a clinic or health center, many will give PEP for free. Do this ASAP! Within 72 hours.
You respect someone who admits to voting Trump just because you hate Hilary that much? This is the shit that turns people away from Bernie. Stop.
She’s a hard counter. I too get tilted when I’m deleting characters as Pharah and they switch to Widow to counter me.
ok
And then people are upset the hero they don’t like isn’t banned. If there’s one thing about Overwatch we KNOW players don’t like, it’s RNG (no matter how small you make the parameters). Rest in pieces, scatter arrow.
I don't understand why dudes here just can't see people as people, friends as friends, instead of looking at everyone as a potential partner or a fuck.
It's a pretty common term in California, everywhere really.
And family reunions? Gatherings? Conversations? Is this dude just supposed to eventually turn 50 and his family still not question a thing after twenty years? Utterly ridiculous. Time reveals all. If they don’t come around, then OP has a new family. One that actually seems to care about him.
Then he needs to call off his marriage and find someone who is okay with lying, hiding, the stress, and being in the closet for the rest of their life.
I feel like this is one of those things you work out before you marry someone and that’s exactly what they’re doing. It’s good they’re both approaching things now with communication and compromise. OP can start a new life with his HUSBAND.
I'm not.
And that's why I tend to date foreigners, to learn the things you learn when you travel, daily. My last boyfriend was Thai. The cultural differences were too big there (so was the distance). My current boyfriend is Australian. And the cultural differences between us are different enough to keep things exciting and interesting, but not too big of a divide that make it harder to bond. Like I am constantly learning something new on a weekly basis that amazes me.
Met my ex boyfriend while in Japan. I really wasn’t looking for anything but a random hookup while enjoying the country. We ended up spending the rest of my week there inseparable. Dated for 8 months, but ultimately the LDR killed it. I did learn a lot about myself. Some tips for traveling. You live in LA, one of the few places in the US that is majority origin and destination flights (meaning: no connecting flights in other cities). Take advantage of that. Open a saving accounts specifically for travel, start dunking a chunk of change in every month. Even if it only is $20. Travel in November around thanksgiving, LAX has super cheap flights to everywhere in Asia. My flight to Japan was $400. Go someplace in Asia where the American dollar is extremely strong. Hell the American dollar is pretty much on top everywhere except Europe. Thailand, Bali, Fiji are all beautiful places with rich culture that are extremely affordable. We rented out a 3 bedroom villa in Bali for $40 a night. If you’re not from LA and you spend money flying home every winter, one year say fuck it and put it towards international travel. Your family can miss you for a year.
English is everywhere. You don’t really need to speak the local language to get around Asia (except for China and parts of Japan).
Tell that to my low diamond games where we have zero CC and no one is willing to switch to CC to counter the Hammond and Doomfist in every other game.
Considering the majority of the player base is in gold, the majority of the player base.
Are you making the case for a 250 hp Pharah? That’s outrageous. When Pharah was at her strongest, the player base hated her because she was hard to kill. Imagine adding 50hp, she would be a must pick in Plat and below, and that in turn would make mercy a must pick.
Would need to be David and Jason lols Conan and Andy Richter. David is still very young and has a lot of room for growth. A lot of the subjects he discusses on the podcast show his limited education. He’s got about a decade of life to live before anyone considers him for late night.
Improv? Besides banter between the guest being asked a question, late night is 100% scripted. Second City, arguably SNL, or having your own troupe that thousands pay to see would be the sign you’ve made it improv comedy.
Can’t wait to see the meltdowns. 🍿
Nah. Maybe true for Pharah. But if you hack ball, no one expects a Sombra to kill him. Same thing for Mei, they don’t have the DPS to kill them after their CC. Completely is a team job. I’m talking hard counters here not just a counter like soldier is to Pharah.
Yes, which is why I’m agreeing
Probably 20 to 30.
To be more specific. Go to a clinic immediately and ask for PEP (post exposure prophylaxis). It’s a drug combination of two HIV anti-retrovirals that have an extremely high rate of preventing HIV infection when you are exposed. But the regiment has to be started within 72 hours to be most effective. Depending on the knowledge of your primary care physician, I might recommend going to a clinic that specializes in STI testing. They are guaranteed to know what PEP is and have it on hand to give to you that day. But either way, immediately check yourself in somewhere.
Much better job. Looks fantastic.
Don’t listen to the people memeing. Bring a hoodie and a light jacket. It gets cold at night, especially if you’re visiting the beach cities. During the daytime T-shirts and/or long sleeves will be perfectly fine.
Exactly. We call those kinda guys assholes.
Imagine driving a car, reciting your lines, being filmed, interacting with the other actor, AND being alert/paying attention to the road in the hellscape that is LA traffic.
Ariana released 2/8. Billie released 3/29. Not a hugely dramatic difference.
They were both giant pop stars in 2012/2013, how were they not in the same category?
Good news! You can still practice damage heroes in any mode outside of comp.
I’m gonna make a collage of these comments and just start linking them at the beginning of every year.
What’s wrong with leasing? I’m personally not gonna buy a new car again. Too much maintenance and depreciation for something I’ll want to change in 3 years anyway. Regretting buying my current car.
Personally I’d rather be driving a newer car than an 8 year old car that I own. The $4000 or $5000 equity that’s only going to trend downwards isn’t really that important to me. But I guess that’s why there’s different options, so everyone can find what works best for them.
Leave the molding white.
Welcome to my Nightmare. Having to watch Phillip on two seasons.
See purpose era JB. When the music and looks are good, they Stan. When both are bad, they hate. The latter is current JB.
Wow. That’s the cast? Wow.
He said he can’t do any physicality due to his knees though.
Case in point.
Ah yes, stereotyping millions of Americans based on the actions of a few.
You ever been in the vegas subs? Never seen a city sub that toxic and negative.
Whoa! Surprised that’s a sub. I know where my next hour is going.
Edgy. -am gay also
I am also interested in seeing u/snoosketball’s place.
Nah. I’m stating my opinion, I’m not calling you pretentious for yours. Big difference.
You know that thing you’re doing: generalizing and stereotyping entire groups of people when there is plenty of free will and individuality among them... knock it off. It benefits no one.
&gt;a white person will mostly sound white, and a black person will most likely sound black, asian, Latino/a, gay man will sound gay, etc. Nevermind, apparently stereotyping people is your thing. Yikes...
Just like you’re pouncing to condemn it.
You've played Moira right? Aiming with her is pretty braindead.
Fade into enemy team, purple orb on Ana, succ succ succ. Rest of blue team ignores red Moira.
Probably would make more sense to watch first then come to a subreddit where you know the changes will be discussed.
Two things Reddit loves, being corect and dogpiling. Any chance people get to do one of the above, they'll take it.
Tank synergies are too dependent on each other so losing one tank will absolutely have a trickle down effect on team comps.
And make the games better for those who do play since OTP's aren't always optimal. Which is exactly why people hate them.
Double shield has been a relatively short meta when you compae it to [D.Va/Winston](https://D.Va/Winston) dive, GravDragon, Moth Mercy, and Goats.
\*bites\* You taste salty.
I'd love to see this game.
Ya. I agree with you, I’m just being facetious.
No one is saying what is or isn't better. It's just not likely to happen until OW2.
Yet, no one is willing to adapt and switch to counter. That's literally the problem they're attempting to solve. To keep the game moving so people aren't playing the same heroes game after game after game.
Yeah but people in low elos think they're playing the meta. And this helps erase that. I remember back in Goats meta, someone on my team yelled, let's go Goats. And everyone switched, yet no one switched to the one hero that enabled Goats, Brig. People in low elos think they have a grasp on meta because they just regurgitate what streamers/pros do.
I see Double Shield in enough of my high Plat low Diamond games, even though most people at my rank probably don't even know how to play meta. And back when we had Goats, there were quite a few times people trying to replicate that meta, but picking the wrong heroes to enable it. People in low elos like to think they're playing the meta sometimes, and hero pools absolutely obliterates that as well.
It doesn’t matter. Switch to DPS, you’ll be playing at the rank you should be playing at.
Offset by the people that will come back to the game by a wider margin.
Chances of both of those heroes being banned at once is zero.
Being extremely funny.
A dream. The reality is there’s too much in the way of certain companies having monopolies in certain areas for that to ever happen without some new legislation. Time Warner Cable (separate company from ATT) fights Google tooth and nail to roll out Fiber in cities like Los Angeles.
People will adapt and find new routes if it was permanent. But of course a major street closure is going to temporarily affect traffic in surrounding areas.
I mean, you really have to see the irony behind this comment no?
They aren’t at eye in the original photo though.
Yep. Remove the top row of artwork and then shift everything up by 5 inches. Artwork should not touch the ceiling or the headboard.
We had our order cancelled yesterday evening in Weho, for obvious reasons. So we ordered early around 4pm today and it took two hours to deliver.
It’s also not true.
It will be. I have no faith it will remain peaceful. I already called my boss and said I wasn’t coming in to work because this protest is right in the middle of my commute from Weho to work.
THE WEHO PROTESTS HAVE BEEN CANCELLED! DO NOT SHOW UP! https://i.imgur.com/8nodNFj.jpg
Here’s a link https://www.instagram.com/p/CA4e14Jgj5d/?igshid=559s169en1m7
Westwood too. All three were cancelled.
Two instagrammers who have no clue how to organize a protest. As a pseudo-friend, I messaged him from the start saying I know you’re well intentioned but this is going to end badly. Yet he kept pushing forward. Businesses on sunset started boarding up and preparing. Celebrities like Lizzie and Sza posted it to millions upon millions of followers. And now people say they’re still going to show up on his IG page.
There have been protests without looting. Whittier and the candlelight vigil in Pasadena for example, but it got zero news coverage.
Sigh. With no leaders or message, this isn't going to end well!
The Weho protests have been hijacked from the original organizers and are likely to continue in the same area either at 2pm or 4pm. The same peaceful message isn't going around on the new posts so everyone needs to be careful and be prepared for people to show up. There is just too much mixed information going around on social media.
Money and time probably.
Yeah. Every major intersection around me is shut down. We are planning on driving into the valley tomorrow morning to go grocery shopping for the week.
Well I do!
The irony.
Our parents teach us from a young age that we are different and people will treat us differently because of our skin. Maybe I’d more parents started teaching their kids early, we could change the country for the better.
Nobody calls it SaMo, transplant.
They’re not here to listen or understand a different viewpoint.
Goddamn. You went in!
Because those have been such bastions of effectiveness in terms of making sure black lives matter. Saying become active in your community isn’t specific and doesn’t contribute anything to the conversation. It’s a general platitude at this point, saying something with saying anything at all. What do you think people should specifically do to end the systemic racism present in our country outside of exercising their first amendment in protesting? None of us want our city to be destroyed and the protesters in LA have been actively trying to protect businesses and call out rioters.
And I’d rather there be no dead black Americans. What am I supposed to do, take your comments half literally? Nobody wants to see their city burn. All of the places I go to, my fav stores, my CVS, my shops, my local restaurant that was getting me through the hate I have for cooking every damn meal are all boarded up or completely destroyed. Do you think any sane person actually wants rioting and looting? Fuck no! But these protests are people speaking up and saying no more black Americans need to be murdered at the hands of cops! And it’s something worth saying to many of us. Protests do not equal rioting. There have been plenty of peaceful riots all over SoCal. Whittier, West Covina, the vigil in Pasadena, and the commander kneeling with the protestors in Weho on Monday all ended peacefully. No tear gas or police brutality and no looting or rioting. That might be a connection worth looking at. TLDR: Something needs to change. And that’s what I stand for.
We discussed this at length in the Los Angeles sub, they were all there protecting the store and the cops immediately went over to them as if they were the looters. What’s cut out of this footage are these people FLAGGING down the cops for the store owner, the cops driving right past while the reporter tries to get his attention and then the cops make a weird u turn back only to start cuffing the fucking people who were trying to flag them down! I’m not sure why this video doesn’t include the looters arguing with the people protecting the store and then running off as the cop car drives by and then makes the u-turn. The full video paints the picture perfectly.
What the fuck are you talking about! No she didn’t. The store owner’s friends were all waving their hands to flag the police down as they drove by in their car. The looters seeing this ran away. Then the reporter tried to flag down the cops and they do a U turn in the parking lot behind the store. They come over and immediately start trying to handcuff the people in the store without ascertaining who is who. That’s where the reporters frustrated cries came from. Jesus Christ, I wish r/losangeles was awake to see how this story we all watched live is being absolutely butchered in other subs.
No. Because what’s cut out of the footage is the second cop running after the actual looters. And the black lady trying to flag down the cops in the first place.
The looters were already being chased as the reporter is telling them the people in front of the store are innocent.
Then you don’t have any excuse for spreading misinformation.
You really don’t know your own reputation in places like Bali, Fiji, and the rest of Southeast Asia do you?
2.5 years after America.
It’s more than we got ten years ago. You are severely underestimating what normalization does for teenagers trying to figure out their identities.
Don’t forget the Aussie state nannyism.
I watched it live with the rest of the Los Angeles sub. And even watched Monet’s interview about what the store did for her a couple hours later.
Who stated it ended discrimination?
They sure were mostly white in Huntington Beach.
Mods were locking lots of posts last night of police brutality. And they don’t seem to have a central place to have discussions and share news updates.
West Hollywood didn’t yesterday. It started and ended peacefully. Edit: Downvoted for spreading the truth, which is counter to the way some people think.
Discuss facts, not opinions and you won’t get banned. The mods are attempting to curtail the rampant misinformation on Reddit. Just [look at this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/guyz9v/lapd_show_up_to_a_store_that_requested_help/), something most of the people here saw live, and look how twisted and false most of the top comments are.
Uber or your own car. Remember we're still in a pandemic here. A bus is the last thing you want to take.
You can drive home from work during curfew. But it is absolutely obnoxious that they aren't announcing these things early in the day. And that there's so many different curfews from city to city.
u/voodoo_curse, if you're not already, you should be watching this guy's comments in the live threads.
Glad we can agree on you making things up with no factual reality.
A cancellation 50 minutes out??? People are still going to show.
You 2nd amendment people use ANY opportunity to bring it up. What does any of this have to do with curfew?
You aren’t really saying anything here.
u/voodoo_curse
👍🏾
Today's protests seemed to pop up extremely last minute. That's why they seem to be getting bigger as the day goes on and more people are aware. It might be the same tomorrow. What I've been doing is searching by city name and protest on Twitter. West Hollywood Protest, Hollywood Protest, etc.
Thanks for sharing it.
I was thinking the same thing. Video evidence but our police won’t do a damned thing.
Yup definitely the Pico location.
One side would have been an interesting accent piece. 3 sides is a bit too much. The work looks great, it just heavily contrasts with the modern style of the room.
Astroturf and string lights, then watch this space jump out.
All of the solid colors look cleaner imo. Partial to the navy and gray.
It is. I think they’re referring to the Melrose shopping district, which is also wrong since that doesn’t extend to Beverly. Either way, def too far south to be Weho.
Looks like the one from amazon.
You’ve been posting here in bad faith for a while now.
Curious what your commentary would be when you’re in the middle of a mass protest and a car comes barreling down towards you. Come on, man...
But they got the chance to protest and be heard and the state has largely opened up quickly since, so who gives a fuck. No need to be bitter with people you don’t align with.
Truth.
I’d switch to counter hog.
Men get beauty filters just like women do all.
It's a little bit frustrating how last minute these protests are becoming. I would have loved to join the West Hollywood protest a block away from me yesterday, but I didn't see it on the news until after it had already happened.
Thank you! Haven’t heard of this.
Religious people aren't dying at the hands of cops.
I’ve been a practicing catholic since birth. I went to catholic school until I moved to LA 12 years ago. And although I don’t find myself in church every weekend like the more devout people, I still have faith and I’ve been to church several times this year before the pandemic happened. Assumptions get you nowhere.
Your history says otherwise.
I was at the Weho protest. It was peaceful and beautiful as well. This really kind protestor surprised my boyfriend and I with a Polaroid of us embracing just as we were leaving. It nearly brought my boyfriend to tears. Just the sheer kindness, compassion, and unity of strangers was awesome to experience. Polaroid girl... if you’re on Reddit, you made our day!
I was there too. Was NOT expecting that March at all. We marched right by my house too. The whole thing was beautiful.
Fairfax March? Do you mean the pan pacific March? That ended up on Santa Monica with the snipers on the roof of roccos? That wasn’t the end of the protest. The protest/march ended in Beverly Hills. Those were just cops blocking off the street that the police station was on the corner of. Probably so there’s no protestors there. A lot of people stopped at that intersection to show solidarity, but it wasn’t cutoff.
As someone in this photo somewhere, the vast majority of people were wearing masks.
Police brutality is a pandemic as well.
Your history says otherwise.
Calling out the clear bias present in your comments and participation in the fear mongering sub that is now r/coronavirus is not being toxic. Trust me, there’s a difference.
Police brutality is also a pandemic.
Be lucky. The big protest on Saturday went right by my apartment.
You’re not. I’d love to live in a world where I don’t immediately clench up and get nervous for my life over a simple traffic stop.
A line to get in the gym sounds awful. I wonder if it allow people to get on every machine they want and get out of the gym faster since they don’t have to wait. Hmm.
You really need to look at the number of African American murders over the course of 401 years via inhumane conditions on ships for enslaved people, brutal treatment of enslaved people by slave owners, lynchings, assassinations and police brutality. This is 401 years in the making. Covid is a public health crisis. And police brutality and systemic racism as a whole is ALSO a public health crisis. One that has gone on for much longer than 5 months of Covid. It may not effect you. But it effects me and my family. Every day. Every week. Every month. Every year. Every decade. *And every fucking century*. We’re not gonna stop fighting for our lives just because some of you are now afraid for yours. Welcome the world we've lived in for the past 400 years. Getting tested is the right thing to do. But please don't try and replace 400 years of systemic racism with 14 deaths in one major city. It's shortsighted and ignores the history we have faced.
It’s changed quite a bit. Before the protests, not a single officer involved was arrested or charged. All 4 have been arrested, Minneapolis pledged to defund their police, Garcetti is facing pressure for that ridiculous city budget that would have completely flown under the radar if none of this happened, and we’re all having a conversation we’ve needed to have for decades now.
Yes, but they have to serve food to qualify to be open.
That’s exactly what the city is doing regardless of who agrees.
Agreed. As a plant nut, this is my favorite place in LA.
What do you think of the PS5?
You got any pics. Always curious what others places look like.
Swapping them out, putting them in their cases, putting them back in the cabinet, realizing the wrong disc is in when you boot up to play, the lack of easy transport. If the choice is between digital or disc, some people will choose digital every time to not have to deal with that even if you don’t find it inconvenient.
And they can focus on them now that this one isn’t an issue anymore. Why are you ragging on other people’s choices?
Those details are exactly why people choose to go digital. Ease of use. I play every once in a while and my boyfriend plays consistently. So I’m never really sure what’s in my PS4 until I turn it on. I’m usually on PC playing OW.
I agree. The hotel prices are outrageous. $400 for a best western.
OP can find plenty of one beds in Weho for $2500.
He’s working from home, the biggest use of cars in LA is from commuting.
Bus routes suck going north/south. It’s an hour bus ride to get to work for me and 20 minutes by car.
Restaurants in Weho have wait lists.
Police unions and things like immunity commonly protect their officers when they’re in trouble. Since 2006, 1880 officers in the nations largest departments were fired for misconduct, 450 were reinstated after appeals required by union contracts. Most regained their jobs and the police chiefs who fired them were overruled. The system is setup to keep shitty officers in the field. This is what we need to do away with. Say there’s a police station with 100 officers. 5 of them repeatedly get written up for misconduct. Do the 5 represent the other 95, well obviously no. But! The union backs them when they fuck up. Their fellow officers turn their back when they fuck up and continue to work with them. They may even let misconduct they see in the field continue due to the bad Apple being a higher ranking. Those 100 cops are all responsible for their image. And if they aren’t willing to single out the five bad apples, then they’re all culpable as well.
It’s not collective punishment, it’s holding them accountable for when they have officers who commit crimes or have misconduct offenses. If you’d rather be ignorant on how much protection bad officers get by their own, you’re free to continue doing that and writing off any counter arguments. If I’m a pizza maker and I burn pizzas. The customer continually complains to my boss about receiving a burnt pizza. But my local union says no you can’t fire him for burning the pizzas, there’s nothing wrong with it. The customers stop having faith in the entire pizza place and start going elsewhere. George isn’t burning pizzas and Mary isn’t burning pizzas. I am. Yet they’re associated with a pizza place that burns pizzas, that has lost customers, that has a terrible reputation because of one person’s actions.
&gt; The system is setup to keep shitty officers in the field. This is what we need to do away with. Where have I stated all cops should be punished? I very clearly said we need to remove the protections they have so that bad officers can be weeded out. Edit: Since you’ve edited your comment, I’ll reply to the edit. &gt; You don’t want to shut down just ONE pizza shop - you want ALL pizza shops closed. This is what you want to be true, but it’s not actually what I’ve stated. I’m literally telling you right now the system needs to change so those who do fucked up shit can be dealt with accordingly. I’ll say it again, police unions and immunity both need to be rebuilt or completely gotten rid of.
Protests aren’t posted until the evening. Check @inthistogether_la’s IG around 8 or 9 tonight.
I was pretty shocked that no one had really commented on this post an hour after it was posted.
John Oliver’s 30 minute episode on police brutality is extremely well researched and an engaging watch. I highly recommend checking it out on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/Wf4cea5oObY). Here are a couple of statistics from the episode that stood out: “Minneapolis police use force against black people 7 times the rate of whites” -NYT “Black Americans are two and a half times as likely as white Americans to be killed by the police” -Al Jazeera “About 1 in every 1000 black men can be expected to be killed by police” -PNAS
- All 4 officers involved arrested and charged - Garcetti addressing the outrageous city budget after immense pressure - FBI launches investigation into Breonna Taylor’s death - Breonna’s Law passed - Minneapolis city council passed a resolution to replace is police department with a community centric model - NJ attorney general announcing the state will update its use of force rules - officers filmed using force against protestors have been released from duty and investigated - Dallas and Minneapolis mandated officers to intervene when a cop is using excessive force - police/school contracts axed in Minneapolis, Denver, and Portland - NY removed a shield clause that locked down record of officers who had been investigated for excessive force Change isn’t going to happen overnight, especially considering how entrenched racism is in America. But this is where we start.
The country has also opened due to immense economic and political pressure. It has nothing to do with Angelenos not caring. It’s more that barbers and restaurants and gyms are all reopening. Jobs are resuming and people are returning to work. This was always going to happen, protests or not. We blew our chance at this and reopened too early. And there’s simply nothing that can be done to change it at this point, daily covid thread or not.
It’s probably much easier to vacuum than to mop.
This isn’t anymore reliable or factual than someone’s aunt. People just agree with the post, so therefore upvotes.
IG likes disappearing did hit the US. But they reversed the changes in the test groups they did. My likes were gone for around a month.
There weren’t any traffic issues honestly. And haven’t been so far with the major weekend protests.
Good luck with that. The protests are only getting bigger and bigger in LA so far.
The protests have gotten bigger each weekend so far here. 40K this past weekend, 20k the weekend before to 5K before that.
Nothing is going to close. That ship has sailed and Americans will not stand for another lockdown. We fucked up the first time and now we are gonna pay for it in the long run.
Not a single person is saying this. Can you link these comments or articles?
What work? It’s LA, film and tv production is still mostly shut down.
This is one of the dumbest things I’ve ever read. Do you actually believe this?
I’m not specifically referring to the Sunday protests. There have been hundreds of peaceful protests all over Los Angeles in the last two weeks with a very hands-off response and show of force from the PD. All of these protests did not have permits.
Sam's Crispy chicken has a range of vegan chicken sandwiches. Delivery only, but they're on all the delivery apps. Vegan Glory in West Hollywood has some of the best affordable vegan food you can find in LA (chicken strips, chicken sandwiches, beef, steak, etc). Every meal there is 8 to 12 bucks.
It stops droplets from being blasted into the air as far as they would with no covering. Come on man, it’s common sense that it helps **decrease** spread and that masks aren’t an attempt to *prevent* spread altogether.
It's always been happening. Had a car pull up to me in Beverly Hills about a block away from the Weho border and call my boyfriend and I f\*ggots before racing away. There are assholes everywhere.
You said nothing. Your comment added nothing to the discussion.
This will literally change nothing. Most counties in California already had mask policies but it’s not enforced.
Mask requirements were issued by counties months ago, this just supersedes local efforts that were already in place. And makes it so counties like Orange County can’t rescind their mask policy.
Fresno, Bakersfield, SB county, Santa Clara, San Mateo, SLO, kern, riverside, Palmdale all had mask policies.
I’m for masking up. What I’m saying is that this statewide policy is just bull goodwill for the governor since it won’t be enforced. Counties didn’t enforce mask use and neither will the state.
Where the hell are you filling up? I just got gas last week for 2.85 in Weho. Even premium wasn’t close to 4. Download the gas buddy app and save a few coin.
Hi
New 5 series looks good!
And I OOP!
RUN CRAIG RUN!
This is how people feel when the status quo is interrupted.
Yes, thank you Daddy Craig!
Who wants a bigger phone? Etc etc. Things change and evolve over time and consumer needs are different now than they were. Doesn't make him any less of a visionary.
The people who do. Now they have the option to continue using their device while ignoring a call. And guess what, the extra option doesn’t affect you and your choice at all? Win win!
Depends where you live. Most gyms are open in California now.
some rumors said yes, the more recent ones said no. while hardware occasionally appears in these keynotes, it's still a developer conference.
What part of depends where you live and most was hard to understand?
He said while using a social media website.
Yes, some people care about seeing representation.
Thanks for the update.
I see what you did there.
Holy shit Isaac Asimov Foundation books.
I mean that’s exactly what you’re doing lol.
Because it's Mac and not iPhone news. We heard about a Messages redesign, so that should have been a clue.
No new hardware announced yet, but this keynote has been great. A breath of fresh air.
Drip drip.
It was already pretty dead to begin with.
Greater law enforcement doesn't mean anything if they don't enforce the laws to begin with.
Apple has a sense of humor.
I just connect from control center. Swipe down, press the audio source, then switch to AirPods.
Haven’t even received mine yet.
I’ll be back in 3 hours to see how downvoted this comment is. And mine too as a result.
Those episodes aired in full on broadcast TV then as well.
Yup. That’s the exact one they screenshot, but I only saw the first couple of posts.
I still can't believe face masks aren't required inside casinos.
Man I miss bettermade chips. Holy hell.
Me before clicking into the comments: “guaranteed the first comment is good followed by some random thing they need to improve”.
That’s the problem with a lot of people, it’s inconceivable that someone else might have different experiences.
I still don’t even have my damn stimulus check.
Yep one of my closest friends does social work. He helps people who are getting out of prison get reestablished with housing, jobs, and mental health checkins. He has the craziest fucking stories from dealing with homeless, skid row, people with severe mental problems, hoarders, all of it. He does NOT get paid enough for the level of crazy he deals with, but he enjoys helping people. Listening to how he deescalates threats against himself, clients cussing him out, landlord/tenant issues is pretty amazing.
God, all we need is for the state to actually enforce the damn mask legislation. Like how hard is it to divert some fucks away from bullying protestors to actually enforce it and fine these fuckers out without masks.
I think you misread the logic. The logic is not to go somewhere else where there are no cases, the logic is to stay and home and go less places overall.
If Trump started wearing masks publicly three months ago, America would be in a completely different state today.
Lol it wasn’t. It took me 2 years to just get him there.
Everyone is telling you how to kill the problem, but no one is telling you why you have the problem. If you don’t understand this, you will continue to get new gnats even after you kill the old ones. You’re overwatering your plants. Gnats love moist damp soil to burrow and lay their eggs I. Let the soil dry completely and the gnats will die off on their own. Neem oil does not kill gnats by the way. Mosquito bits or any variation of that will. Make sure to only water after the top 1 to 2 inches of soil is dry.
It's part of that new complex that's going up off Laurel.
God this thread is hilarious. Hilarious and sad at the same time.
Businesses in LA are not enforcing social distancing. [Over half of LA restaurants](https://la.eater.com/platform/amp/2020/6/15/21292152/los-angeles-restaurants-reopened-not-compliance-safety-health-coronavirus-covid-19) aren’t following coronavirus rules.
