Your "Void" is strictly nonsensical. Inanimate objects do not experience *in any sense*, not have some particular experience of nothing or a "Void." This is reifying nothing as another kind of something.
&gt;The alt-right precludes white nationalism and an opposition to democracy. &gt; &gt; was a movement of different people united by their opposition to democracy and support for white nationalism. It precludes what unites it? &gt;In short, I don't think you know what the alt-right is and what an alt-righter is. Somehow, according to you, the OP is both right and wrong.
For all the consternation thrown at this sub from the "rational" corners of Reddit, that's a surprisingly editorial-lite entry. Is good. Maybe the editorializing is a homework assignment for all the good "rationalist" girls and boys but mostly boys and their blogs/twitters/whatevers.
Clickbait "think pieces" on the danger of "postmodern philosophy" to truth/freedom/reason/civilization/whatever has become a subgenre in itself.
User Tip: Think of the "no learns" rule as a safeguard against embarrassing yourself.
Someone make an app for a chaperone service for vulnerable businessmen?
lol that Trump ever read a single page Camus wrote.
When you get an idea for just how huge the task *Critique of Pure Reason* set for itself, it kind of makes sense that the writing is as dense as it is. Kant's not the kind of writer to use a lot of words to say very little. Kant's difficult *because* the thought is difficult, nothing short of revolutionary in the history of philosophy. And no, his peers didn't immediately grasp his work. The first edition didn't receive much attention, until an anonymous negative review a year later brought attention via the controversy the review caused. Kant then published the more accessible *Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics* a year after that and a second, heavily revised edition of the *CPR* in 1787. And, yes, there was a lot of misunderstanding of Kant's view, at least according to Kant, who denounced that first review, and even more controversy as his peers started to understand what the critique was all about. It made its impact over time.
While Wittgenstein didn't explicitly reference other philosophers all that much, though there being some exceptions like Augustine of Hippo and G.E. Moore, he did engage with ideas, arguments, views, etc. of other philosophers, such as Frege and Russell in the *Tractatus*.
This might be a better question for the open discussion thread, since you're fielding for personal experiences of /r/askphil users.
Albert of Camus
&gt;In my personal experience, those who do not complain about the superficiality of average people tend to be [...] humanities/arts students, And this is personal experience on *what* planet?
Sounds like Berkeleyean idealism, also called subjective idealism or immaterialism.
The reply above is that we should address fans of these figures who get the basics wrong by clarifying the basics, i.e. correcting their mistakes, better explaining the views and claims that they have a faulty understanding of, etc.
Let's not forget that the caricature of postmodern academia that Peterson rails on about was already a myth in the making of conservative critics of a wave of academic social critiques, usually outside of philosophy, taking influence from post-structuralism, which these conservative critics conflated with and used against the New Left movement. In other words, Peterson has a pet industry of right-wing anti-intellectual polemics which had crafted this larger-than-life apparition of postmodernism to thank for becoming popular. It's just that Peterson's re-articulation of this caricature is even more obtuse, ideological, psychotic, and under-sourced, as well as plugged into his own narrative about "spiritual masculinity" under attack.
I'm curious about the shift in rationalist community as centered innocently around strategies to personally improve "how to think about things" to one centered around an an identity, i.e. that a "rationalist" is such-and-such a way and other people are not, with commitments to views on various topics. Was it a moment? A long shift? Maybe the former was always a story rationalists tell themselves? There's some point I suspect at which some in the community move from being interested in bias, then concluding that, as a person interested in bias, they're better apt at avoiding their own bias than others, and then further redeploying all those same biases that affirm this differentiation in identity.
Insofar as the term exists in philosophical literature, there's no such thing. In Nietzsche scholarship, Nietzsche does refer to a distinction between passive nihilism, which he associates with Schopenhauer's pessimistic philosophy and is very much against, and an active nihilism, which has an important role in Nietzsche's philosophy of overcoming. Whereas passive nihilism recedes from the world and falls into despair, active nihilism is something like wiping the board clean of all received values, wisdom, idols, etc. *for the purpose of* taking on what we value for ourselves. For Nietzsche, nihilism is only valuable as an opportunity for overcoming and becoming what one is. If "optimistic nihilism" has any sense, it's probably a less thought out version of that notion above. Otherwise, it's likely a platitude like the imperative to "don't worry, be happy" or something.
Here's my hot take: Despite leftcom fantasies, the "culture" of any working class is usually boring, lazy, escapist, and leans reactionary, but American working class takes that to another level.
&gt;Workerism Today, I learned a new, incredibly ugly word.
I often say that the first thing we should look to is what sense of mattering or meaningful is at play when someone says nothing matters or is meaningful. More often then not, the denial of mattering or meaningfulness is on the grounds of being so cosmic or abstract as to be nonsensical, but this doesn't entail that we are at a lose in more sensical understanding of mattering and meaningfulness.
As the other replies allude, the distinction can be used in different ways. Such a distinction in general cuts to some very long-standing questions in philosophy, particularly epistemology, so we shouldn't be surprised that it can be used and retroactively applied to views which take on more or less commitments or entailing different kinds of knowledge than other instances of its use. For example, and I'd say a considerable sense of the distinction, if not its modern origin, these terms have some important work in Immanuel Kant's philosophy that stand in contrast to either Plato's idealism or Descartes' dualism.
I'm not sure Elon Musk's argument is really all that much of an argument or even Elon Musk's. I'm not really a follower of the things Musk says in interviews or twitter or wherever but I'm pretty sure that Musk's statements around simulation hypothesis is downstream from philosopher Nick Bostrom's trilemmic [simulation argument](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simulation_hypothesis#Simulation_hypothesis). So any philosophical discussion of the simulation hypothesis will likely be orbiting Bostrom's work.
Along side the others mentioned, a friend dragged me to see Slavoj Zizek speak in Seoul some years ago and the art gallery it was held at was well-attended, if not packed. I imagine he's closer to the fame and recognition of the sort you mentioned above, i.e. among what I imagine is a college-age-to-millennial audience. While Zizek is a controversial figure in general and in academia, he is an actual, working, professional philosopher.
&gt; What view do philosophers typically take of laymen asking genuine philosophical questions but getting the terminology wrong? I don't know if there's any typical view except to clarify how they're misusing philosophical terminology. &gt; Is there any chance of philosophy shifting to align itself with the common usage of language? This has already happened in the early part of the last century, often referred to as the "linguistic turn." Ordinary Language Philosophy is precisely the method and view in philosophy which looks to common usage of language to untangle or dissolve philosophical problems. In fact, this is has become so common-sensical in contemporary philosophy, or at least to analytic philosophers like Daniel Dennett, that you have the situation somewhat backwards. Harris' non-standard sense of 'free will' isn't the sense we use it in ordinary language - i.e. "I was imprisoned against my free will" - but a sense that derives from an older, more metaphysical/theological view from at least early modern philosophy of the 17th and 18th century. Given the developments of modern philosophy, including various critiques of this very sort of metaphysics, few philosophers adopt such a metaphysical view of free will - though there are some - from a sense that is compatible both with our ordinary experience in the world and best scientific knowledge. So Harris is left arguing against a sense of free will that is orthogonal to the interests of philosophy of the last half century. If there's anyone he should direct his arguments, it should probably be toward communities who still operate under this older picture of free will, like some strains of popular religious thought, maybe, but it's not clear that this is the ordinary sense at large and hardly the case among contemporary philosophers.
&gt; I'm not sure that is the everyday usage. I think that's legal jargon in the same sense we have a special philosophical definition for the phrase. I doubt many laymen would say you have free will when you have freedom of movement and don't when you don't. Most laypeople I hear discuss it actually do mean to bring in the theological/metaphysical interpretations you're referring to - whether free will came from God, whether people are morally culpable, whether they could have ended up in another situation, etc. Since philosophical confusion isn't the exclusive domain of philosophers, it mostly doesn't matter. If we're good Ordinary Language philosophers, then we should show how this notion of free will is strictly nonsensical (e.g. a metaphysical soul) and/or an illusion of the confused language (e.g. role in moral culpability). &gt; I think this is the crux of what I was trying to get at - is what he's discussing orthogonal to "the interests of philosophy", or just "philosophy as discussed by academics"? Philosophy has largely become an academic discipline in the last century or so, so that's a distinction that doesn't make much of a difference. &gt; In my example regarding sine, I could see telling someone they weren't discussing 'sine' as discussed in academia. What I couldn't see telling them is that their examination of the mathematical properties of whatever they were calling sine were "orthogonal to the interests of mathematics". If someone reconstructed the subset of properties that would apply to their redefinition (e.g. how phase-shifting worked), I'd find that impressive. Now imagine telling this someone that not only were they not discussing 'sine' as discussed in academia but that the sense of 'sine' they *are* discussing is also *obsolete* in academia. In fact, it's so obsolete that the sense used *now* in academia is so largely to avoid the conceptual failings of the sense that this someone takes issue. It would seem appropriate that this someone would look into the reasons why academic mathematics has moved away from their sense of 'sine' instead of dismissing academic mathematics as just "mathematics discussed by academics." &gt; It seems like the response here is that works like that should be objects of derision, only included in the modern discourse if the author spends months of research adjusting their terminology to reflect the field's jargon. That still seems odd, even unnecessarily discouraging, to me. The jargon of any field has a non-trivial relationship to the general conceptual frame in which research in that field is done. This is true of philosophy, mathematics, natural science, etc.
Your idea is wrong precisely on the fact that postmodernism is not a view of the world, or a philosophical view in general. "Postmodernism" is a word that gets thrown around a lot in of venues, mostly not great socio-critical thinkpieces, and in a lot of ways, and this gives the false impression that there's an actual, substantive view that the word points. Really, depending on the publication, "postmodernism" could be just a synonym for popular trends in contemporary, consumerist society to a nefarious and shadowy political ideology. Since "postmodernism" doesn't strictly refer to any substantive view, it can be used in these and any other ways without much worry of rigorous pushback. It's largely a buzzword that more or less connects to something sensible. *In philosophical literature*, postmodernism, or postmodern philosophy, isn't a substantive view in general but a blanket term for a number of modern critiques of modern/Enlightenment views/principles/values/ideas. In other words, using modern forms of criticism on modernity itself, or something like that. And that's it. There's nothing that necessarily connects these critiques beyond just the objects and methods of their critiques. Often these critiques are quite disparate, if not incommensurable, in commitments, tradition, etc. If the word does get used for a more precise thesis, the philosophical work will explain what is meant by it, but the term has no single, agreed sense beyond a class of philosophical critique. So this comes to explain the error: that the notion that postmodernism refers to a view that denies truth, knowledge, whatever is a confusion of the fact that postmodernism isn't a view at all, so no surprise that it makes no claims about truth, knowledge, whatever. But the crucial lesson from the popular confusion of "postmodernism" is this, and useful for other cases: the lack of a claim/position/commitment about truth, knowledge, whatever *does not entail* a denial of those, nor denial of the possibility of *anyone* having those.
&gt; anti-wrinkle miracle worker [Nope. Nuh-huh.](#hume)
lol that common sense security measures are evidence of suppression of the public exposure of genetic research into race. Not like there's been [reasons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Texas_tower_shooting) [for ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia_Tech_shooting) [security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oikos_University_shooting) other than suppression of research results.
I'd say that's a variation of *reductio ad absurdum*; to suppose the statement one wants to refute, demonstrate how that statement entails either a contradiction, which would be the strongest refutation, or at least a ridiculous or impractical conclusion. *Reductio ad absurdum* has been a tool of philosophy, science, mathematics, etc. for centuries, all the way back to Socrates who was famous precisely for using this method to expose the ignorance of the Athenian political class. It's implied that global skepticism is either self-refuting or ridiculous to the point of not entertaining. I suppose if one doesn't find global skepticism to be a problem, then it wouldn't be that convincing.
&gt;&gt; suppression of the public exposure of genetic research into race &gt; &gt;Wasn't saying a thing about that. Just a generic observation about the state of public research facilities in Germany, and their perception. Come on, you say it right here: &gt;&gt; yeah man there's a huge conspiracy to suppress these dumbass opinions &gt; &gt;There is mainstream scientific work which deals with genetic basis of intelligence, and quantifies human population genetics and their dynamics. It's typically published in relatively obscure (to the people in the street) journals in an equally inaccessible language. &gt; Fortunately, because otherwise these people would have to fear for their lives. No reason to reply to the reference to "a huge conspiracy to suppress" with that point *except* to offer a reason for why it's justified. Do you usually go around offering "just an observation" *non sequitur* to statements you're replying to? &gt; The absolutely rabid-foaming-at-the-mouth leaping-into-proof-with-gay-abandon reaction is sign of how far this sub and Reddit in general are gone. It's not this sub or Reddit, it's you. Take responsibility for the shitty things you say, or get better at not saying shitty things. &gt;I'm already unsubbed, so this is just a clarification. Won't post here again. Might I suggest the further steps of deleting your account? Maybe refraining from spouting horseshit on the internet in general?
It's esoteric knowledge, passed down after the rites of initiation. (Or you could quote-reply my comment and see the code)
&gt;I might be wrong, but isn’t Kant’s approach a type of indirect realism? I believe this is one of those things that differs among interpretations of Kant's transcendental idealism, applying probably most to the phenomenalist interpretation. But I'm not so sure how useful it is to try to fit into the direct/indirect realism scheme as that scheme comes later and one I think is too strong to bring clarity to Kant's project.
I'm Too Lacking In Teeth to Chew Cooking seems important. It involves nothing less than the best way to prepare food, and I feel compelled to consume it, so that I may fuel my body. The hunger that I face, that we all face, can be made a little easier with cooking. It’s for this reason that I wish it wasn’t so fucking chewy. It almost feels as though great men like Wolfgang Puck, Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain all got together and decided that, for comedy purposes, they’d make their food as chewy as possible. Crunchy textures and solid food are the recognised form of many chefs, so although their work might be considered some of the most important ever produced, you’re shit out of luck. The fact that there’s a million Smoothie Kings is illustrative of how disconnected the great chefs were from their patrons, and their tragic inability to blend their food. Every food seems to have been chopped and grilled for the most jaw work, and miso soup for the riffraff. Each dish is a veritable punch to the jaw by Muhammad Ali in his prime, which the mandibular prognathic inside of us takes a look at and says “fuck that.” Chewing an hors d'oeuvre is like trying to going to the grocery store yourself without a car. It can, of course, be argued that cooked food has texture by nature, and while that’s true, the form in which it’s served makes consumption even more arduous. It isn’t a question of blending everything into a viscous paste, but one of saucier skill. If chefs would have expended some effort towards blending food, their convenience of swallowing would have benefited a much larger audience, past, present, and future. Their work would still be challenging to eat, but not insurmountable. Chewing over the same bit four times isn’t just unpleasant, it’s a fucking waste of time. I could be making my way through another course, one whose apparent sole effort isn’t to turn the eat into a muscle-jawed freak. But I persevere, despite my frustration, and much of the time it doesn’t do any good. While I kind of understand what the chef is trying to create, much of the time it’s cooked so solidly that I just move forward, exasperated. My determination does no good, and I often find myself having to get a doggie bag, toss it into the Cuisinart at home, while usually swallowable, doesn’t have the same difference of flavors as the original dish. I suspect that variety of texture was once considered a hallmark of a talented cook. What a tragedy that is for the masses. Modern chefs understand the importance of frictionless paste, and we can be thankful for their recognition. Perhaps, like many burgeoning chefs of today, they realise that competition is fierce, and that producing chewable food would condemn their own careers. A well-blended dishis a beautiful one; truly an art-form of the highest order, with the power to benefit our fragile species. If only the chefs of old could have realised this. Until then, I’ll spend my time drinking melted ice cream.
'kay
"She's totes a 9, brah." *pastes into Google Translate, selects fuckboy to rationalist* "She would be 90th percentile for female attractiveness"
&gt;But it seems that this way of thinking, the far right wing, is adopted by a lot of the upper middle class. "It seems," "a lot." Not in my experience. &gt; To right off Rand is to do away with much of what western society base their values on, and how they re-arrange their life, modus operandi ect. Not really. Anything valuable in Rand's work has been made earlier and better by other thinkers. Where she isn't terrible, she's redundant. &gt; and therefore I put it to bad philosophy that it needs to be discussed further.. even if some may deem the discussion 'elementary' or a moot point. Also against the sub rules and a bannable offense.
The [crying Nazi meme](https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2018/12/08/crying-nazi-vows-destruction-left-after-charlottesville-killers-murder-conviction/), I think, captures this genre of reaction pretty well.
I feel there's a growing - or at least long-neglected - demand for *lebensphilosophie* for a post-scientistic 21st century.
Maybe? Not familiar with him, but - after looking at the wikipedia bit on him - I'd think any contemporary philosophy for living should have Wittgenstein's, both early and late, influence to deflate so much, well, nonsense. But *lebensphilosophie* of old, i.e. pre-war, is like Schopenhauer or Henri Bergson.
&gt; I think Kant's transcendental idealism also has some proponents? There's some disagreement of whether transcendental idealism is a metaphysical view. I'd say that it's obviously not a metaphysical view in the sense of Aristotle or Thomas Aquinas, as you reference in the sentence prior.
I've scanned through a pdf copy twice, and read selections of it in greater depth on the second occasion. Independent of my attitude toward his public persona, which I admit up front is not favorable and full disclosure that I am a mod - albeit not all that active - of a similar-minded subreddit, I found the work not readily coherent. To be clear, I am very aware that this judgment is far from a deep dive necessary for any kind of substantive criticism, and I've argued before that difficulty in structure or language of a text is not any grounds to dismiss a text. Still, as a text which I suppose is a work of psychology, gets very close to making metaphysical and epistemological arguments, resembling something that would have been more at home a century ago. Talk about masculine order and feminine chaos, you know, kind of echos Otto Weininger. Also any kind of overall judgment of the book will depend on how liberal one permits Peterson to read his own ideas into the past thinkers he references, re-framing their views to other matters, etc. But when Nietzsche is interpreted or "combined" with ideas that has him somehow closer to advocating a resuscitation of some traditional form of Christianity - can't quite remember if Peterson develops this in *MoM* or just statements elsewhere - then I'm going to be pretty skeptical of the standard at play.
&gt;which is why I was curious to see how it was regarded within the philosophy community. I don't think it's regard much at all, either positively or negatively, in general. &gt; Have the ideas moved on to such an extent that they're now believed to be 'wrong'? Take the example of masculine order and feminine chaos, for example. If I've understood Peterson (and other comparative mythologists) correctly, the essential contention is that the 'feminine' and the 'masculine' are themes that emerge cross-culturally because they are universal to human experience, representing the domains of the 'unknown' and the 'known', respectively. Is that no longer viewed as a valid argument within philosophy? Part of the modern move in thought in general, both philosophy but also the natural sciences, etc., involves kind of moving away from talk about essences, souls, spirits, forms, and other metaphysical principles of old. It seems to me that Peterson both criticizes this move in modern thought, which also entails what I imagine he considers an undervaluing of the significance of myth, and couches his own project in, at times backing off a robust metaphysical stance to a evo-psychological stance or someplace in the middle. Philosophy is concerned with the necessary structures of thought in general. That anthropological argument doesn't really fly because, well, such themes simply *aren't* universal. If we're being comparative mythologists, how do we account for the presence of third genders/sexes or androgyny or gender/sex change in Mesopotamian, ancient Egypt, Vedic, Mayan, etc. myths? I've seen Peterson make the move that these are strictly universal but necessary for a culture's survival but that kind of under appreciates the concrete causes for the rise and fall of peoples. In any case, as far as philosophy as a discipline, any kind of philosopher will be skeptical of taking an interesting anthropological generalization to be necessary and universal condition of human experience in general. &gt; I'm still making my way through the book, and frequently re-reading sections that I find difficult to understand, but from what I understand Peterson uses Nietzsche's "God is Dead" to illustrate the point that the rationalist paradigm, which cast significant aspersions on the legitimacy of the mythological aspects of religion, unwittingly induced in man a state of spiritual crisis because it also uprooted the beliefs that underlie culture itself. I believe he goes on to state that this is the primary cause behind the awful and murderous political extremism that characterised the 20th century, as individuals with no religious ideology are desperate for a political ideology to cling to instead. Okay, but doesn't that seem like too simple of a picture? Are we suppose to forget about the awful and murderous religious extremism of the Thirty Years' War? I'd say that it stands to historical fact that [mankind can be just as murderous within the frame of "mythological aspects of religion"](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/The_Hanging_by_Jacques_Callot.jpg). And that the worst events of the 20th century were cause by a spiritual crisis in man is, I believe, a massive oversimplification of the conditions which these events occurred. &gt; I don't think he was saying that Nietzsche himself advocated a return to traditional Christianity, merely that the two of them both agree on the fundamental principle that the abandonment of religion flings the society into existential chaos. Peterson's solutions for this seem different to Nietzsche's, as far as I can tell. All I remember is reading someplace of Peterson making the point that Nietzsche's attack on Christianity should be considered constructive criticism, to improve Christianity, which is as contrary to Nietzsche's own words as one can get.
Auguste Comte's [Religion of Humanity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religion_of_Humanity)
There's really no hard distinction between an appeal to consequences and a fallacious slippery slope. As /u/as-well states, it really rests on the strength of the evidence or reasons we have to believe that the particular cause or set of causes will lead to the purported effects. There is not strict *formal* distinction, just the strength of our basis to accept the story that's presented. Sometimes the audience of an argument is more willing than another to accept a presented story, which is why it's such a popular form of argument. It's a really useful way to lead people who already accept a certain set of claims, or even just a general attitude or worldview, to a further set of claims or more crystallized view to mobilize on. That's not necessarily a bad thing. But if you're concerned that the story you're presenting is relying too much on the shared beliefs or worldview of the audience, or even further of an audience which *doesn't* share a view, then it's *even more important* to bring extensive and convincing reasons and evidence to justify the story.
*looks at comments* Not dead enough.
I don't know how if this individualism - or more specifically the American attitude you refer - is all that coherent enough for the possibility of a counter argument. We should just demonstrate how this sense of individualism, in strong contrast to 'collectivism,' is either illusory or confused.
There a lot of reasons that some philosophers have believed in God throughout history, but the traditional arguments usually fall into three categories: ontological, cosmological, and teleological. You can look to Thomas Aquinas' Five Ways for some of those arguments. Going into the history of the relationship between philosophy and theology is a very big task, but, these days, most philosophers are atheist.
&gt; how I've turned on the metaphorical webcam during their metaphorical jerk-off session. We've been found out! Our scheme to feel smarter than other people (clearly the correct strategy is to shitpost on the internet) has been exposed by a *commenter* on the *internet*!
There has been a growing body of philosophical criticism and scientific work that brings certain traditional associations under question. Our sense of self seems to be broader than strictly consciousness, such as disposition, embodied-ness, etc. Studies have shown, for example, that gut bacteria contributes to psychological states, or that people who have lost a limb still have phenomenal sense of possessing that limb, etc. A hard "all in the head" view doesn't seem quite up to the task of explaining a robust sense of self.
&gt;The problem with Glenn Beck is he's controlled opposition. There's an emote for how I feel reading this which I can't place or have readily available. "Glenn Beck is a paranoid idiot *but he could plausibly be even more paranoid and a bigger idiot.*" "You know why? He's controlled opposition." Give this man a podcast, we found our lower bar!
Did we compatibilism? Impossible!
Pirsig is plebe Heidegger.
&gt; I think the important bit is that 'gay' is a way that people describe themselves and a way that they identify themselves rather than just a label or a pointer to some phenomenon. I don't understand the distinction in this important bit. What's the salient difference between description and identity on one hand and labeling and pointing? Identifying anything, either one's self, others, or just objects in the would, *is* picking out one thing from another, by some property or set of properties. Is it really controversial to suggest that our contemporary uses of the word 'gay' has non-trivial relation to homosexual behavior? Even used as an identity for one's self, I don't know of anyone who would identify as gay and this not entail at least a sexual preference of the same sex, if not forms of sexual behavior with the same sex. If self-identity is not identifying one's self by sensible properties - general appearance, behavior, social position, etc. - then this sense of identity looks very close to being strictly nonsensical. Why would a person identify as a teacher except as pointing out to the fact that they teach, i.e. a kind of behavior?
I don't know about *that* but Kant's influence on modern philosophical discourse has definitely left the terms "rationalist" and "empiricist" on the editing room floor. When those terms *do* show up in contemporary philosophy, they're qualified in some way to show how they're divergent from those early modern views, i.e. "logical empiricism," "critical rationalism," etc.
Saul Kripke has made [several significant contributions to contemporary philosophy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saul_Kripke#Work), including his semantics for modal logic and his interpretation of Wittgenstein. But most significant is probably *Naming and Necessity*. This requires some background knowledge of the dominate trends in analytic philosophy, as well as philosophy in general, up to that point. Since about the 1940's, linguistic philosophy - the view that philosophy could be 'solved' or 'dissolved' through analysis of language in various ways - was the dominate view in philosophy, but by the late 60's was beginning to lose popularity in philosophy. There's too much to be said about what that view was and why it was losing popularity for me to write here now but most relevant at hand *here* is that this linguistic view of philosophy held that metaphysics, i.e. philosophical problems in metaphysics, dissolves when one analyzes language. Kripke overturned this premise by showing how metaphysical necessity could be *a posteriori*, which wasn't considered theoretically significant/possible since Kant some two hundred years earlier. So what we get by this is - along with other concurrent philosophical projects critical of the limitations of linguistic philosophy - perhaps the most definitive resuscitation of something *like* metaphysics, though importantly *not* the kind of metaphysics of old, either in pre-Kantian or Kantian sense, from within the standards of linguistic analysis itself.
&gt; why wouldn't biological sex define your gender? This seems to just basically fail against anyone's personal experience of gender expression. I don't think there was ever a time in which gender was rigidly determined by sex. We might traditionally associate a gender to a particular sex but the historical record shows how this association has been violated time and again, and just how alien some gender norms of today would be to ancient peoples, and vice versa.
I'd say if there's any place where the analytic-continental divide is more a hindrance than helpful, it's here. In general, I think the distinction should be abandoned to make room for more precise and sensible dialogue between concurrent projects in contemporary philosophy.
&gt; I’m asking if there was actually a conceptual divide that characterized two differing approaches. Oh, that's easy. Nope. &gt; The reasoning I have for asking Is I took a Continental course which went Heidegger Levinas Derrida and seemed to suggest that though metaphysics might not be done away with its not separable from language. I figured you were alluding to Heideggerian ontology, but that's quite its own thing even within continental philosophy. I don't think there are any clear parallels between Kripke's metaphysical necessity and Heidegger's fundamental ontology and *Destruktion* of onto-theological metaphysics, at least not yet. I don't know how useful characterizing either Kripke's or Heidegger's, and post-Heideggerian, critiques as metaphysics/ontology "inside" or "outside" language. Maybe there's some sense to that - you'll want to bring in Wittgenstein who has a very radical stance on the possibility of "outside language" at some point in bridging these views - but I think it can lead very quickly to confusion otherwise.
&gt; PewDiePie Is there some reason other than sheer malice that inspired you to remind me that I am aware who this person is?
What makes PewDiePie a satirist? Triggering teh libs? Because I just see a low-hanging-fruit provocateur for subs and relevance, at best.
What the fuck does that even mean?
"Take us seriously." *signs document with internet handle*
I'd mock this phenomenon as a conflation of *The Selfish Gene* and internet in-jokes qua armchair social epistemology if I wasn't also pretty sure that that's actually what's going on.
I think that's overly pessimistic.
I think the idea that the contemporary situation is in some special condition of a 'post-truth society' is an exaggeration. I wouldn't take it more seriously than an over-intellectualized reaction to recent demagoguery and political expedience.
In my judgment, and not so much explicit objections to Aquinas as much as to the very possibility of the class of knowledge that Aquinas sought to prove, were by David Hume and Immanuel Kant. To be clear, even the best objections to do not detract from the sheer brilliance or importance of any view, either now or within the history of philosophy, and rarely are the best objections ever the last word on any philosophical matter. And if not sufficient refutations of Aquinas' arguments, they'll at least inform your grasp of an important bend in the course of modern philosophy.
Hume said to commit to the flames while Kant tried to delineate the limits of the possibility of knowledge which onto-theological metaphysics breaches. Beyond that, *An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding* and *Critique of Pure Reason*, respectively.
If anyone is thinking it's me because of the similarly-punned name, please ban yourself. Twitter kind of embodies a lot of what I hate about Web 2.0, both aesthetically and in principle, and my sense of humor is closer to McSweeney's than, I don't know, Adult Swim.
"Postmodern" isn't all that useful of a word if it just means "really bad" with respect to a film, or a really really bad film, or a film so bad that it's interesting. In general, though, I don't think "postmodern" is a useful word, except in very particular discussions, none which resemble your example. If I saw the word used in a way like your example, I'd take it as just a lofty, buzzword-y way of saying, yeah, a really bad film.
I don't see any reflexivity towards modernity there. That's just kitsch. Again, if "postmodern" is just kitsch, then I do see the use for it.
For ten centuries, referred to as the Middle Ages or the medieval period, philosophy was the handmaiden of theology.
&gt; he’s conservative If contemporary conservatism needs Peterson's abstruse mytho-poetic evo-psych nonsense to stay relevant, that's neither a good sign for conservatism nor anyone.
Stuff I believe is *scientific* and stuff I reject is ~~religious~~ *bourgeois.*
Methodological cultural relativism by way of Franz Boas seems pretty essential to me for anthropology as a science, as well as perhaps a glimpse into some of the motivations behind other kinds of cultural relativism.
On the contrary, the association with the Nazis was a setback for Nietzsche's influence in academic philosophy by almost a decade after the Second World War.
&gt; What did originally spark interest in him? Other than the things that he wrote? And in analytic philosophy, with some exceptions like Bernard Williams and others, Nietzsche isn't all that "canonical." Bertrand Russell's dismissal of Nietzsche is a fairly strong example of that attitude.
Brit continental philosophy :S
A "behavioral" Christian conservative, which manages to be worse.
What a fucking dumb dichotomy.
lol are you using alt accounts to get around a ban just to insult me? Because, you know, pretty ironic about the not having a life thing. Keep it up.
Whenever I hear/read someone ask about a Nietzsche quote, the two immediate questions are these: 1. Is this sourced? Because there's a whole library of quotes falsely attributed to Nietzsche. Seriously, the majority of simple, one-liner quotes attributed to him usually fail the citation test. 2. If passing 1, what's the context in the source? Because Nietzsche is pretty good at giving important information about statements within the passage they occur.
If that blows your mind, I'd bet you never went to college.
Still feeling the aftershocks of the twitter clash between these gods of intelligence. Not a more fearful Christmas than the last world war! Into the bunker, children!
&gt; lol. I graduated with a double major in accounting and corporate innovation (corporate business management) 2 years ago from one of the top business schools in the country, and I'd bet almost anything I make more money than you, but that's irrelevant... ;) Not really all that shocking that the intellectual horizon of a business grad and a dropout can be so similar. &gt; so when in college did you learn about the collective start of civilization and agriculture taking place farther than 10,000 years ago? I guess you learned that in one of your riveting community college history classes, right? Or maybe not since the theories these guys have been promoting are just now getting mainstream recognition and have been dismissed for 20 years by hardliners not willing to examine alternate theories Right. *Ancient Aliens*-level pseudoscientific horseshit for stoner dropouts, or also grads from the "top business schools in the country," I guess.
&gt; He only proposed to Lou Rée I think you mean Lou Salomé. Paul Rée was a mutual friend of Nietzsche and Salomé.
You're right, I *am* just an ignorant, and poor, plebe who just can't appreciate the brilliance of *Joe Rogan's podcast.* I bet you also understand *all* the jokes in *Rick and Morty*.
&gt; In a world where "the future is feminine" the measure of a man is his utility to a woman. "Jesus, Bill, I'm only asking that you pick up the kids from school today."
&gt; First of all, it’s an attempt to box him in, in a sense. The reason that it’s an attempt to box him in is because the question is asked so that he can be firmly placed on one side of a binary argument. Whereas gender, though.
Or, more accurately, dress in homemade costumes made to look like bad Disney-derivative deviantart "yiffing" other dudes in homemade costumes made to look like bad Disney-derivative deviantart.
&gt; I just find it amusing that we often insist on assigning full credit to European intellectuals for inspiring modern art and science - even if the connection is flimsy at best. Yet when an intellectual so clearly takes so heavily from the non-Western world we simply dismiss it as some kind of minor inspiration that was only a small component of the man's otherwise original creation. We do?
&gt; Maybe you missed the part where I said that I actually respect Schopenhauer himself. The part where you backpedalled hard and no one was buying it. I remember that. &gt; not only did Schopenhauer "borrow" from Buddhism but that his work is Buddhist in and of itself. I'm all for giving credit to Eastern philosophers where they're due but this is just bad. &gt; Hah. I like how your immediate reaction to this is, "I can ban you, you big dumb-dumb". Very generous of you to have shown me some pity. I'll do you the benefit by being less patronizing.
Why don't the SJWs realize that "Baby, It's Cold Outside" was just an empirical observation about the condition of the weather without an ulterior motive!? This is why men shouldn't be indoors with women alone in the winter! #metoo trap!
Calling it a fallacy doesn't show how it's fallacious. It'd be better just to show how that very quickly leads to paradoxical conclusions, like that the ability to murder entails the right to murder or the ability to steal entails the right to steal. The concept of right loses all meaning.
Would rather it be the view that humans will transcend into Zenith CRT TVs.
I don't see how that saves the argument as much as renders it trivial, or just plain meaningless. At best we get something like Mill's harm principle or something similar enough to be uninteresting.
Only after you explain what rule 3 is of this subreddit.
So the significant condition under consideration is whether the action causes harm, not the ability to do it. And one could further qualify the argument, if pressed, by making the significant condition whether it has the *potential* to cause harm, thus you would not have the right to sell your new product until after it has been tested, such as by the FDA or something. This isn't "saving" the argument, it's giving up on it.
I'm just giving another ad hoc modification of the claim after another ad hoc modification of the claim. The point is that one can always give ad hoc modifications and, in any case, the original principle has been abandoned. Ability to something entails the right to do it, except when it doesn't. Ability is therefore irrelevant to right except only trivially in that the right to do something implies the ability to do it. This like saying that water is always a liquid, except when it's frozen into ice or boiled into steam.
I assume they're standard issue with a PS2 and a Tony Hawk game.
Technically a statement alone is not an argument. An argument is a series of premises which support a conclusion, so it'd depend on what kind of support is given to that statement to determine if it's fallacious or not. If this weaseling out of paradoxes were the argument, then it'd be a *No true Scotsman* fallacy.
It's not that it's a light lager but that's it's a bad light lager. At least Hite tastes like beer. The right time for Cass is when you don't want beer but a sweet, bready drink with samgyeopsal.
For cheap beer, Cass is still the worst option.
Not only does the concept of infinity have a unique capacity to inspire sheer nonsense in some people but they'll say anything to defend their nonsense.
Cosplay as Buzz Lightyear at all times.
&gt; It doesn’t read as an attempt to repackage an existing idea to be “cool” to me at all. &gt; &gt;On the other hand, being dismissive is a lot easier than engaging with new ideas. I feel like there is a quite a bit of that in this subreddit. Says the person spamming the blog/video.
~ * ~justzenithbeingthings~ *~
&gt; because White men are the only group to consistently vote for freedom. Took me a second to remember that "freedom" here probably means just more guns and less taxes and not, you know, bondage of people.
Like I said, I'm no psychiatrist, so I could easily be wrong. Not a fan of contributing to stigmatization of mental illness, either. I'd leave it up to a mod to make the judgment.
"Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius" by Jorge Luis Borges
I imagine there are a lot of things one can say for owning a gun, and becoming a gun hobbyist, but perhaps the most central is an investment in a particular identity; to be the kind of person who owns a gun, and whatever that entails. Like any hobby, you get into it because it looks cool and then stay for the community. It's just that the gun community, per the nature of the politics around guns in the US, entails particular commitments which motivate the gun-owner identity. One doesn't just own a gun in the USA, one is a gun owner. I shot guns in the Boy Scouts but my troop was more about backpacking and I wasn't all that interested in guns. Maybe that could have been a different story if I was around guns and gun culture.
Right, but unlike those other machines, the gun sits a delicate place in America's general identity politics. It can entail particular stances on self-reliance, trust or lack thereof in civil society, relation between the individual and society and/or government, what it fundamentally means to be a "free man" in America, etc. Typically the first commitment to owning a gun is to the right to own a gun and therefore a stance against those perceived to be against that right. It's both a seductive marketing strategy and a reliable political bloc. I don't think there's as much a distinct extremist gun nut crowd *per se* except insofar as a portion of the gun community which leans more into the community and identity of the gun owner than another.
&gt; 1: On advice from the community, I have deliberately included three mostly-liberal examples and three-mostly conservative examples, so save yourself the trouble of counting them up and trying to speculate on this article's biases. Pretty true as you can just read those examples yourself and see the bias clear as day. Conservative definitions are presented as "technically" correct while liberal definitions are overly-broad and dismissive. Same ol' right-wing circlejerk dressed in the garb of centrism.
Are your math classes concerned with reporting on how people think/argue about things? Because, yeah, then that might be a sensible objection to the relevance of the example in the lesson.
&gt; the answer is that we aren't "manufacturing normativity out of empirical description." So then this isn't bridging the is-ought dichotomy as much as co-signing it. Hume's guillotine doesn't deny that normativity is something that we do, just that we can't derive *ought* (normative) statements from *is* (positive) statements alone.
News to me that anything went on in that forum other than Photoshop Phridays. &gt; The Sneerclub demographic is primarily LessWrongers, former LessWrongers, and LessWrong-adjacents. I am triggered now. Now I am triggered.
Broad enough that the Sneer Club itself, by the fact of sneering at LW, LW-adjacent. I guess "better trivially-true than significantly-false" is the new "better dead than red."
First Nations as in indigenous peoples of Canada? Or just indigenous peoples in general?
Gotchya. I mean, I don't know the demographics of the people who comment here these days, so sure. But as part of the badphil minority, I suppose, you know, a bit ew.
&gt; Are you really about to make the point that using a non-nuanced example in order to understand the theory behind real and complex situations is a bad idea? My reply was 7 hours ago. If I was about make a point, I would have gotten to it by now. &gt; The point isn't that math classes can be applied to psychology, my point is that OP is misinterpreting the intentions of the author in the original example, the same as someone in math class might resist a lesson by pointing out the absurdity of a situation. And my point is that analogy to examples in a math class is faulty. Examples in math classes are typically purely theoretical, per the subject matter, such that they don't need to plausible, whereas this is an article reporting on "the Worst Argument in the World." It's fair game to object that the example doesn't reflect how people argue when the subject is an account of how people argue. I don't have a problem with the MLK example, or even the article as a whole in principle. It's just a boring repackaging of the association fallacy for "rationalist" pseudo-centrism.
The only thing that comes to mind - I don't specialize on the history of philosophers - is Frantz Fanon joining the National Liberation Front during the Algerian War. Likewise, Francis Jeanson aided the liberation group and was charged with treason in France.
&gt;It seems to me that most philosophers are compelled by the idea that one must be good, and try to construct reasons for conforming to this principle. Philosophers can and do differ quite a lot as to what being good entails. There's not really one sense of good from outer space and then reasons constructed to conform to it. Reasons are used to arrive at what is good. &gt; Are there any philosophers or thinkers who intentionally promote evil as a more valuable pursuit? The more valuable pursuit is, by definition, better. That evil is better than good is gibberish. This is just asking if someone takes the silly view that evil is good. There are philosophers who had radically different views of the good than either the dominant view of the good in the time or or view of the good today. That's as close to promoting "evil" as you'll get, because the question as is given here is confused.
&gt;If Plato's Eidos, Forms or essences are the MOST real of all, compared to our passing sensory experience, then why is there this dichotomy between 'Idealism' and 'Realism'? "Idealism" and "realism" are both used in a ton of ways in philosophical literature. In Plato, these terms can be interchangable, sometimes they pick out particular aspects of Plato's philosophy. They certainly differ in ways used to describe other philosophical views. &gt;If 'Realism' and 'Idealism' are different, this would suggest that the word 'Real' is somehow the opposite of the word 'Ideal'? Nope. Depends on what's considered ideal and what's considered real. These terms can be used in many, many ways on different subjects.
/u/cronos844 citing Bernard Williams &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
&gt; You've made the best argument out of anyone, today, and still failed to embarrass me Fingers firmly planted in ears.
What kind of qualities do you look for in a brilliant writer? Philosophy is rather large, enough to include distinct sets of jargon and writing styles. Some of these prioritize strict proposition analyse, others historical analysis, some phenomenological analysis, other pragmatic consideration, etc., etc.
[Just say no](#nazi)
In order to be a grand narrative, it needs to be at least a narrative. The death of god is more an event, or at least a consequence of an event, rather than a story connecting events, i.e. a narrative.
Gibson sells collectibles for mid-life crisis small business owners and Epiphone sells guitars for playing.
Sweet. And I have my Epiphone SG, which I got for ~300 bucks are my ~800 modded Fender Jaguar was stolen, and the SG still sounds great, plays well, and comes with much less anxiety. Not saying a Gibson is shite, obv not, and can't be put to use, but upwards of a grand is far too precious. If you already have one, sweet, but I can't see how the minimal quality differences justify the extreme price difference.
I like how they cite someone not being banned for implying misogyny in the culture war threads as proof that they aren't "boo outgroup" but also want that person banned. If they're accused of *wanting* to be *more* "boo outgroup," will their heads explode from "but actually" overload?
People often want to feel smugly superior to playing the game and, at the same time, win it.
If solipsism is meant here are the problem of other minds, this SEP article is good for laying out the question and some solutions: https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/other-minds/
&gt; about how 'The Death of God' is not a part of a grand narrative. Didn't say it wasn't a part of a grand narrative. The question is if it's a grand narrative itself.
Sure, it doesn't square as quite a historical event, but a more philosophical turn, or something like that. I don't know why you suppose Nietzsche is trying to 'get at reality' or give a positivist historical account. "On the Use and Abuse of History for Life" seems to me to already answer a lot of your concerns. Nietzsche does give us a genealogy of morality, which does give something like a story of Christian ethics, in which the death of God acts as an event, which the future possibilities of the Last Man or the Ubermensch, but, yeah, it's pretty wrong to be taking Nietzsche as concerned with factual grounding for that story. It can be seen as a narrative that is aware that it's just a narrative, incredulity is invited. But the death of God would be an event in that narrative, not a narrative in itself. As a fact-based account of moral history, Nietzsche's genealogy is simply *bad*, but that's not the source of power, or "food for thought," of the story.
Ironic performativity is "postmodernist stuff"? Ugh. Socrates, that postmodernist, huh. But, yes, I do read a lot of irony at play in Nietzsche in general. It's hard not to in *Ecce Homo.*
There's no recognition of groundless because the grounds is the will to power. It's not just "one of many possibilities" as if they are all fair and fictional, choose which you like, but they are struggles for power. It's not an alternative to the Christian story but an attempt to overturn it. Nietzsche would go further and anything claiming to "track reality" is doing the same thing.
&gt; Where do you start? *Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus* &gt; But does Wittgenstein ever get criticized for conflating language and the ways humans can describe the world, with what the world/reality actually is? Probably, but that would be really weak criticism. For Wittgenstein, what can be said at all can be said clearly and what cannot be said we must remain silent. It's the opposite of conflating the two. But any attempt to describe what the world/reality actually is will inevitably, by being description, be within language. Using language to speculate on matters where language cannot go is incoherent.
Realize that the brain is a muscle like any other, which works when you work it and needs to relax like any other, that the folk notions around intelligence (as distinct from more precise sense of general intelligence, etc.) are often fictional.
Often, how a philosopher arrived to a view and/or why their view is wrong is far more valuable to a would-be philosopher than just receiving correct answers. I think people in science and math would learn quite a lot from learning about wrong ideas. The history of science in general is a graveyard of hypotheses, and those ignorant of history are doomed to repeat it.
&gt;But at least those are relatively modern. You aren't taught from, say, the first 'chemist' Thales who claimed that everything is water. I don't think most philosophy courses would include Thales. In any case, a philosophy education is designed to teach a student how to be philosopher as a chemistry education is designed to teach a student how to be a chemist. I think we can say that philosophical thought isn't like chemicals in important ways. Philosophy, as a study of fundamental thought, often has to "go back to the drawing board" in ways that a modern chemist doesn't have to. Where a chemist might have the luxury to stand on the shoulders of giants without worry, a philosopher is always challenging the foundations.
Sure! But a philosopher, or a chemist, is concerned with the truth, not innovation for innovation's sake. And some people who work in philosophy can be historians of ideas, and there's nothing wrong with that. Does a chemist need to come up with new innovations to be a chemist?
*Notes from the Underground* If you haven't read it, there are dragons, and wormholes, and rationality. Great read for Steven Pinker fans.
&gt; Nonetheless, it is just that: signalling. You are cherrypicking some extreme examples and are chinese-robbering yourself. And rationalist jargon ricochet off the concrete evidence of images of a t-shirt, a PowerPoint slide, and a tweet.
If you're asking about Official Suggestion B, it's called a suggestion and not a rule for a reason.
&gt; What are some of the comparable philosophical positions that don't have the same issues? Rational egoism, eudaemonian ethics, philosophical realism, just to name a few. Pretty much any view that Rand presented will have a whole body of philosophical work that's much more focused. &gt; why was it popular among American conservatives then? She's popular among a small set of American conservatives. Ayn Rand presents a philosophical justification of Capitalism and a heroic image the individual under it. That naturally would appeal to the free market and minimal government wing of the conservative movement, often referred to as libertarianism in the US, though in tension with the traditionalist, Christian wing.
*Instead of a Dark Lord, you would have a queen, not dark but beautiful and terrible as the dawn! Tempestuous as the sea, and stronger than the foundations of the earth! All shall love me and despair!*
Right, but to drive my point home, if you're interested in rational egoism, you should read Henry Sidgwick's *The Methods of Ethics*. Or a modern case for eudaimonic ethics, Elizabeth Anscombe's "Modern Moral Philosophy." Those have had far more impact on these ideas than Ayn Rand's popular work.
There are a lot of ways into philosophy. If you find a chance, I'd suggest an introductory course. Nothing can quite make up for the experience of being in a physical space with a professor and others, philosophizing together under the structure of guided reading. If that's not possible, /r/AskPhilosophyFAQ has some reading suggestions. For myself, it was Plato's *Five Dialogues*, which I imagine is the most common introductory text at universities for generations, less so for knowledge of the state of philosophy today but a demonstration of traditional philosophical thinking/methods as well as the most general landscape of philosophical concerns. Philosophy is massive and its developments throughout history have been significant but Plato's dialogues, at least for me and I've heard others say similarly, are a surprisingly natural introduction to what it means to philosophize despite their age.
What do you mean by "social construct"?
&gt; Now you place each of those N sets in N different worlds, with different initial conditions so the worlds evolve differently instead of being exact replicas, the question would kinda be, would there be worlds where there are different emotions that don't exist in others and some of others that don't exist in theirs? "Would there be worlds where there are different emotions that don't exist in others and some of others that don't exist in theirs?" seems way broader than social construction by pretty much any sense I'm aware of, including evolutionary biological determination. If you're asking if emotions aren't metaphysical necessities, such that they would necessarily be the case in all possible worlds, then yeah, I'd think we can say that they're "social constructs." But that sense of social construct is very different from any usual sort of way that concept is understood. You're asking about something very much prior to social construction, in its various senses, and closer to metaphysics... I think.
This question is probably better for the general discussion sticky.
As a point of practical advice, if you need to use some jargon or method that's particular to a philosophical work of tradition relevant to the question, it's helpful just to add parenthetical clarification of it. This helps with readers who aren't aware of the jargon/method but also helps as a way check that you're using these terms correctly. In general, the writing style should be one comprehensible to a lay audience, as this subreddit exists in part as education for lay readers. This will make demands on both analytic and continental styles of writing.
Hmm, no mention of *Philosophical Investigations*. &gt; So in other words, no one is allowed to give nonsensical statements, starting the exact moment after they read Wittgenstein. A rather strange solution, to be sure, but what can you do I guess? Realize that the "in other words" is an utterly bogus interpretation of early Wittgenstein, maybe.
Oh, so it's an *ironically* dumb take. Clever.
&gt;&gt; This is a Q&amp;A forum, not a debate forum. &gt; &gt;So, things should be kept nice and dogmatic. Ugh. Grow up. It's for the purpose of this subreddit, which is educational.
You can see the sidebar for the purpose of this subreddit.
No, Heidegger wasn't a nihilist. Hardly anyone in general, but especially philosophers, is a nihilist. "Nihilism" can mean so many things that it means nothing in general. &gt; What links might be drawn from the threat of our Being-in-the-world to our potentiality-for-Being (as per Heidegger), and some of Sartre's philosophy (with which I am not very familiar) Sartre's philosophy is directly influenced by Heidegger's *Being and Time*, which he read while a prisoner of war 1940 and 1941. Though Heidegger later distanced his work from Sartre's and existentialism in general, he had a profound influence on it all the same. Maybe someone more familiar with Sartre can go into the details of their links here, which I'm sure there are many.
What's the point of mentioning Ayn Rand when this is just Aristotle's best flute player with an industrialist twist?
Also the home of Immanuel Kant, one of the most important philosophers of modern history.
That one sentence or the whole of it, including the gray box, which exists to explicate the philosophers' views in the comics for unfamiliar readers, which cites the ladder paragraph for the interpretation? The whole thing reads to me as "kidding, not kidding," which would be fine if the "not kidding" weren't the level of a Twitter hot take.
You're just linking to /r/sorceryofthespectacle? That's it?
Despite the joke, a philosophy degree isn't mutually exclusive of a well-paying career after graduation. But, as with most other Bachelor degrees, it alone isn't a golden ticket to wealthy living. A philosophy education can look extremely attractive to employers when paired with some other more specified education or work experience, and it's compatible with pretty much anything. You can dual major, take philosophy as a minor, study another subject after graduation, find work in an unrelated field and use the experience to coordinate into a career you want, etc. The possibilities are still very open with a philosophy degree, perhaps more open than others, if sold well to employers. Considering that the job market is currently much better than it was when I graduated in 2008, I'm surprised that people still take this joke seriously. EDIT: A relevant anecdote: My only other friend who studied philosophy with me at my university dropped out a couple years in but eventually married his girlfriend who he met there, recently bought a house, has a good paying job as a construction manager, and looked altogether happy when I saw him try out his meat smoker a few weekends ago. No life is the same and a degree in anything alone isn't going to be the decider of it.
&gt; Sartre, unless I'm misunderstanding him extremely Yeah, you are. By Sartre's view, we're condemned to be free. That's not at all "uhh... well... you have to make your own meaning!" There really isn't any other option but to be radically responsible for the task of our lives. Another possible response is Nietzschean affirmation. By this view, nihilism of the sort I think you're referring to is a kind defeatism into despair in the face of the death of God where, for Nietzsche, the task is to overcome and affirm life and the will to power. Another possible response is linguistic philosophy, to critically analyze the sort of meaning which this sort of nihilism denies to find it either strictly nonsensical or a confusion of the phenomenon of meaning in general rather than just saying it's "not there." Nihilism, in this sense, is like a fly trapped in a bottle of its own language, and the correct solution is to show the fly the way out.
I'm surprised that other people are surprised that, yeah, the boogeyman of "postmodernism" exists and has existed for some time on the left. Of course, like the above, opposite in particular ways to how the myth is reproduced in right-wing circles, to suit whatever purposes, but always the under the same accusations of subjectivism.
Then you would take the post-graduate path. A lot of other people here - those with orange, purple, or blue flair - can tell you more about what goes into that.
Yeah, dude, genes can and do contribute to weight retention, along with lifestyle, environment, dietary habits, etc. You don't have to coach it as "quirks of metabolic disprivilege" or whatever. Incidentally, a friend of mine got gastric sleeve surgery some years back and looks svelt, active, and more or less happy.
I think you're going to have to draw out some more detail about the view you have in mind because, as given, such a view seems incoherent on its face.
Could be!
This is why you should always have Xiu Xiu in the background when reading Foucault.
Turn him onto Wittgenstein? Both the *Tractatus* and *Philosophical Investigations*. Maybe you can OLP him back to talking like a regular person.
It's hard to say what is or is not taught in "Western syllabus" because, well, there's no such there except as a generalization. Syllabi are lesson plans designed by professors, and what's included or excluded on any syllabus is up to the professor who designs it. But, yes, Islamic philosophy certainly features in some syllabi in Western countries. For myself, I remember spending a significant portion of my Medieval Philosophy class on it and the big names (Ibn Sina, Ibn Rushd). Since it's a significant bridge between classical philosophy and Medieval Christian philosophy, I imagine it's fairly common to find it taught in that context at universities with those kinds of courses, like mine which is a Jesuit university.
Wittgenstein, clearly.
&gt; So I don't think the analogy you're drawing is very good Or your "boils down to," which you assert without argument, isn't very good, maybe?
No, and I imagine that's where one finds the real shitgensteins.
&gt; What is an in-the-closet trans person suppressing the desire to do, by definition? I can't think of a single behavior or trait that they necessarily need to be suppressing, other than the desire to identify as the opposite gender, but that carries with it zero extra information I think we would reasonably turn to trans people as authorities of their desire to be recognized as a gender other than the one attributed to them at birth, for whom this likely neither trivial nor carries "zero extra information." I imagine that sex-reassignment surgery isn't a decision made lightly. The suicide rate of trans people looks to me like hard evidence of psychological suppression.
Describing metanarrative as "big coherent explanation" looks pretty weak, no? And &gt; Postmodernists (obviously) are POSTmodern. They think those big coherent explanations, including Marxism, are social constructs of power Is just out of nowhere. That doesn't even describe the usual suspects of postmodern philosophy. It looks like this person has only seen terms like "metanarrative," "power," and "social construct" used in reference to "postmodernism" and then came up with their own take of it than read any so-called postmodern philosophy. If postmodern philosophy means anything, it refers to a collection of modern critiques of modern views that occurred in mid-to-late 20th century France. That was as modern as anything else. Critique of theory as a form or expression of power is, itself, a modern one and not absent in Marxist criticism, either.
Then they should take comfort in the fact that "pomo theory" isn't an actual thing. And remember that critique in general, including self-critique, is a tool of intellectual advocacy, not a threat to it. I've more often see intellectual advocacy of oppressed people, such as intersectionality, attacked as "postmodernism" by some liberals and Marxists as it is by conservatives, so your honesty just clashes with my experience.
Yeah, I have no idea who you're talking about, but I hardly ever do when people toss "postmodernist" around like it means anything. Because I don't see what it's doing here other than as shorthand for criticisms that you don't like, and not to say that you don't have good reason to dislike them, but calling it theory or a view is confused in a way that concedes the legitimacy. Insofar as "postmodernism" as the usual suspects of mid-to late 20th century French philosophy, maybe you'd like Habermas' *The Philosophical Discourse of Modernity*, if you haven't read that already. That'll at least give you better grounds to criticize charlatan faux-radical careerists than the myth of postmodernism.
&gt; but it’s a real enough phenomenon that people can understand what one means when the term’s used. They really can't, at least not when pressed to explain it. Then one realizes that the "phenomenon" is a conflation and confusion of a whole lot of things and nothing in general. &gt; &gt; The very prose used in academic work on the subject seems to back this up. When we look to physics, which is the area I’m most familiar with, you see a very high degree of complexity as far the concepts discussed are concerned, but the prose is intentionally straightforward. This should be obvious even to the untrained; once you come to understand the terms, some difficult paper becomes intelligible, and I just don’t feel the same way with Derrida or Lacan. Note that this is different from merely being difficult; I often cannot see how one even proceeds, but this is not the case with Hegel or Kant, even in that age of obscurantism it is clear the work rests on some principles which you can get at. So "postmodern" is what induces this feeling when you read it? It's unintelligible to you but, even though you can't make sense of it, you somehow know enough to reliably infer that it isn't due to the difficulty of the subject matter? What if I told you that, yes, Derrida and Lacan do make sense once you understand their use of language? Would I be lying to you?
DON'T DEAD OPEN INSIDE (If you need a reason, it was officially violating the politics moratorium but, real talk, it was because it was all annoying af. And yes, the OP was banned, too. If only meme-shit banned itself.)
This reply is strictly correct and, therefore, the author shall not be banned with the rest. Thou'st pleased the mods and remain in their mercy, for now.
This is also a pretty fair reply. Like lamb's blood on an Israelite's door, the wrath of mod passes by.
I'm not aware of anywhere that Nietzsche uses terms or even similar terms of "increasing the feeling of power," whether in individuals or everyone, or a concern for "most beneficial." That's not to say that there isn't a normative component to Nietzsche's moral and political philosophy but, rather, your question is pretty alien to Nietzsche's critique of morality in general. Maybe this answer can give you a picture that you find satisfying to your question, and some idea of why the question is difficult to answer straightforwardly: Nietzsche normative view is one, as Georg Brandes put it, of "aristocratic radicalism." Nietzsche, to reduce to the extreme, presents a challenge to the reader: to take on an aristocratic attitude toward life, to take on the burden of deciding what is "most beneficial," not some subjective "for me" but in general, where all past moral authorities have been shown false. This isn't anything about "increasing" a "feeling" of power but recognizing ourselves simply as will-to-power, such that, as William Ernest Henley's "Invictus," we are masters of our fate, captains of our souls. While this message is available to everyone, Nietzsche held a very pessimistic of people as a group, such as "everyone," referring to "the herd." It's not so much that everyone *should* become ubermensch but few *could* become ubermensch, or something like it. Nietzsche doesn't care about what's "most beneficial" in the abstract sense of you question. We, each of us individually, must take on the question of what is of value, not some authority like a priest or a philosopher, in the sense of your question.
As Wittgenstein explained himself in the Preface of *PI*: "that the latter could be seen in the right light only by contrast with and against the background of my older way of thinking."
&gt; I looked up a bit on wittgeinstein and the tractatus, there is no way im going to read through that to argue with him. If you mean that as a plan to keep him busy with something it might work as a distraction if I can get his interest. The point of my suggestion isn't to argue with him or distract him but that Wittgenstein's full philosophy - not just the *Tractatus* but more crucially PI* - would be therapeutic for your brother.
If you're interested in this sort of question, you should read Wittgenstein's *Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus*, which concerns questions around the limits of language and thought. Per the Preface: &gt; The aim of the book is to set a limit to thought, or rather — not to thought, but to the expression of thoughts: for in order to be able to set a limit to thought, we should have to find both sides of the limit thinkable (i.e. we should have to be able to think what cannot be thought). It will therefore only be in language that the limit can be set, and what lies on the other side of the limit will simply be nonsense.
The family that any thinker, Marxist or otherwise, comes from isn't typically regarded a relevant detail to the strength or veracity of a thinker's work in philosophy unless there's some argument given that it should. "Strangeness" isn't usually a concern of philosophical criticism. While Marxists call for class consciousness as it relates to the history of class struggle in general, whatever irony there might be in some originating in bourgeoisie families, it's not a particularly damning sort. Maybe to some overly historicist take of Marxism, as some critics are want to do, but this is an erroneous view that fails to appreciate Marx's own criticism of historicism. Philosophy in general, including Marxism, requires a high degree of education and education is costly, so not particularly strange to me at least that financial support would be necessary to pursue it, even if it leads one to a critical opposition to "bourgeois" modes of thought.
Goddamn it, irony is a dip, not the meal itself.
Elisabeth Förster-Nietzsche was also married to Bernhard Förster, a leading figure of the antisemitic movement of the time who eventually created *Nueva Germania* in Paraguay, intended to be a purely Aryan utopian settlement, which failed, leading to Förster's suicide. There are a quite a few letters from Nietzsche to his sister admonishing her for her relationship with Förster.
If anyone is curious just how much Nietzsche despised the antisemites of his time, there's a [hilariously sarcastic letter (third from the top)](http://www.thenietzschechannel.com/correspondence/eng/nlett-1887.htm) from him to Theodor Fritsch, writer and publisher of the tabloid *Anti-Semitic Correspondence*.
I'd say it's testament to the delusional overconfidence in the "German racial spirit," or whatever, that he and his fellow-travelers espoused. But the [remaining vestiges of *Nueva Germania* in Paraguay is also pretty interesting.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpbPcosXO-4)
In semiotics, there's a concept of the 'floating signifier,' which is a kind of signifier that lacks a strict signified, so can refer to any number of different things by different people and/or nothing at all. I think that's what you might be looking for.
&gt; Mormon Transhumanist Association Hol' up.
/r/SSC once again struggles with, like, the basics of human resources management.
So right out the gate, we need to be clear that insulting someone isn't a "*ad hominem*." An *ad hominem* argument, importantly, is a informally fallacious kind of *argument.* Arguments aren't any statements that people make but, rather, a string of statements, referred to as premises, which seek to support another statement, referred to as a conclusion. Not every statement one makes must be a premise in some argument. One can, for instance, make a separate argument with its own premises, etc. and then, tangentially, insult the other person. However ill-mannered that would be, and potentially confusing and distracting, it wouldn't be an *ad hominem* as the argument doesn't rest on the insult. The insult is separate. All that said, and I don't know the details about Crowder's situation, but I imagined he was under fire for the perception of violating YouTube's terms of service with respect to harassment, which includes racial and homophobic insults, and not committing an *ad hominem*. Again, these things are different. &gt; Also, from a consequentialist perspective, what would be some of the implications of an ad hominem? Well, they may anger or dispirit the recipient, they often distract from the issue at hand, they undermine the credibility of person making the *ad hominem* argument - if there's credibility to be lost, etc. Not sure what you're asking for here.
Catholics should update the rosary to blockchain.
[](#nazi) "After that, I propose a solution to the problem of existence, which is a new way of thinking, which starts with a pure concept of existence, or in other words, a pure concept of 'there be'. This new way of thinking itself may be worthy of further philosophical research, especially metaphysical research."
Because they're useful to describing and/or dealing with things that philosophers are concerned with. The kind of work which philosophers do requires precise language, and precise language will entail certain expressions, phrases, jargon, etc. that are less common in casual, everyday conversations.
&gt; I pride myself on my contrarian-but-true lifestyle choices. Would say that's a pretty standard conceit of the "rationalist" socio-political self-image in general.
Being wrong on the fundamentals is good in this context as it gives us a more precise idea of how to correct your understand. "The basics" is just too broad. Berkeley and Kant, I'd say, are fairly more advanced than "the basics" like Pyrrhonism or Descartes' methodological skepticism. Berkeley was skeptical of the existence of matter and proposed a metaphysical system without it. Kant's work is more addressed to Hume's skepticism of metaphysical knowledge (there's some disagreement that on that characterization of Hume) than with Berkeley's immaterialism.
So first, the question of the existence of God isn't a topic of moral philosophy but, rather, ontotheology, the very possibility of which faced significant challenges in modern philosophy. I'm less familiar with the particulars of MacIntyre's view - which is embarrassing given my background and interests in philosophy - but the strength of the 'aretaic turn,' as far as I can tell, is by a return to an Aristotlean grounding of virtue ethics on practical wisdom. Of course we can talk about the role of God in practical reasoning but that's a very different thing than returning to pre-modern Thomism, as much as I imagine some reviewers wish it would be. So when you write: &gt; If they argue against a piece of Thomistic philosophy, say the existence of a God from whom goodness or morality actually stems, that would do significant damage to Aquinas' moral philosophy. I wouldn't be so sure. The kind of virtue ethics that is of any practical use in the modern context, I'd say, is one that remains at least agnostic with respect to transcendental theology.
I wouldn't call that a theory, really. That's the story that Aristophanes, the comedic playwright, tells in his speech among a number of speeches by the characters in the *Symposium* and it's not presented by Aristophanes as a serious theory. It's more of a charming satire of creation myths.
Well, then, for arguments against such metaphysics, we can look to a number of developments in modern philosophy in general. David Hume is probably the best place to begin!
Oh! Well then sorry, I'm no help and surprised to learn that MacIntyre goes further than my understanding (perhaps flawed!) of modern virtue ethics.
Funny, because the "reassertion of traditional values" would entail oaths of allegiance to the Pope or British monarch or whoever on pain of censorship, excommunication, exile, or even capital punishment and the ability to "challenge current fashions" free of retaliation, censorship, or legal sanction is literally a liberal tenet. Maybe we *should* bring back the pillory?
&gt;&gt;"reassertion of traditional values" would entail oaths of allegiance to the Pope or British monarch or whoever on pain of censorship, excommunication, exile, or even capital punishment &gt;I see nothing wrong with this provided certain conditions are met, and have argued as much in my writings. Lol "certain conditions are met." &gt;&gt;the ability to "challenge current fashions" free of retaliation, censorship, or legal sanction is literally a liberal tenet. &gt; &gt;Yes, and where liberals do not live up to their professed values they ought to be criticised and exposed as the upholders of an *alternative* authoritarian order. Yes, you have a hyberbolic interpretation of liberal values which you exploit for your own authoritarian ends. I prefer what you called the "alternative authoritarian order." &gt; Further, just because I oppose suppression of my *own* views does not mean that I therefore feel *all* views should be expressed freely. Of course you don't. I feel the same way. I also have my own "certain conditions." EDIT: &gt; I have been forced to drink the hemlock before a corrupt kangaroo court of Miletus-Moderators. How post-ironic.
Because that's what most people around us do! &gt; What I mean by my question is why do most of us follow this system so religiously? *Do* most of us follow it "religiously"? I suspect, at least in the North American continent, people find ways to distinguish themselves in some ways. Because that's what people around us do. Okay, I'm going to skip a lot of your post to get to this: &gt; Any ways, why do we live this way and why don't most of us try to figure out different ways or living and also questioning the same things I am? I grew up in California, a highly individualistic culture in which this kind of question is natural to the social attitude, and then moved to and lived in South Korea, a highly 'collectivist' culture in which this kind of question is socially discouraged. As a Californian, I would think critically about "the things we do in every day life" in the sense of a highly competitive and individualistic-to-the-point-of-antisocial way of doing things (note that this critical reflection is *in keeping* with the Californian social attitude) but then met South Korean artists, musicians, film-makers who thought critically of a highly-conformist society that they struggled against for, in my culture, what's already encouraged and expected. And it's not just that I met these South Korean artists individually but a part of a whole scene, if not a *sub*-culture, which existed in Seoul and outward to the other major cities. This is to say, aside from this being a socio-psychological question, there's just too much variety in "the things we do in every day life." Some are fundamental to being human, some are tradition, some are a movement, some are a passing fashion, some are a subculture of like-minded rebels.
"It's telemarketing. Telemarketing, alcohol/opioid abuse, and then unemployment/suicide. Don't worry, that's the same fate as your manager, and their manager, etc. - everyone who is remotely possible of watching this speech. I'm giving a TEDx Talk, so you know I'm fulfilling my abuse/unemployment purpose."
Sophie's World
So you think that intersectionality, which isn't as you describe it, is responsible for people throwing milkshakes at politicians and sensitivity training? And, like, everything you don't like that happens on UK college campuses?
I'm not aware of any mystics, theologians, or philosophers *per se* who held such a view but I'm pretty sure the view that you're interested in is Lovecraft's Cosmicism, and maybe some of the philosophical influences on that. That subreddit looks very Lovecraftian horror to me.
&gt; Kant's "What is enlightenment?" concerning the importance of free-speech That's not what the essay was concerning. The essay is about the importance of autonomous use of reason, not really speech *per se*.
Sounds like Gibbon is confusing Socrates' *daimonion*- which isn't a demon in our traditional sense but more a 'divine something' inner voice that warned him against mistakes, sort of like a conscience but for moral and intellectual self-contradiction - and Descartes' evil demon thought experiment.
While not precisely that idea, that does resemble John Rawls' 'original position' in *A Theory of Justice* to the point that I'm pretty sure that's what you're remembering, or some version of it.
Realize that there's nothing to "escape" except a theoretical confusion, maybe. Hard to say without you giving more information about what you find compelling in the view.
&gt; Did Hume reject causation ? No. &gt; In his analysis on causation, did Hume rejected the possibility of an objective existence of causation ? Did he embrace an anti-realist view regarding causation ? There are differing interpretations of Hume's view, some interpreting him as an anti-realist, critical realist, or, as Simon Blackburn argues, a quasi-realist. &gt; Or was he saying causation is a part of an objective reality but we don't directly perceive it through sensory experience but is deduced by reason. I think trying to understand Hume in terms of "objective reality" lends to confusion, since that can imply metaphysical speculations that Hume was generally skeptical of. Hume believed we know of causation because we *do* perceive it with such regularity that we are accustomed to expect it of future events. For Hume, it's this accustomed regularity that provides the source of our idea of necessary connection between causes and effects, regardless of whether there's some other sort of necessary connection going on.
I remember my Philosophy of Science class had three other students: one other Phil major, a Physics major, and a Nursing student. The two STEM students were impressed when I explained to them what philosophy as a subject actually is other than "just another humanities" and, like, the basic rationale of the divisions of academic disciplines. Because how could there be Philosophy of Science if philosophy is just a humanities subject, like art history? No joke, I remember the Physics guy, actually a friend of a friend of mine, halfway through the class, though clearly able to understand the relevance of the material, solving everything with the suggestion "What if we just pretend all this [Phil. of Sci.] stuff isn't a problem?" Hell, every elective philosophy class I took would have some non-major complaining the class was harder than they expected.
Gary Gutting's *French Philosophy in the Twentieth Century*. (beat /u/wokeupabug to this one.)
No. But also, what?
I'd also like to add that the language you're using, "subjective answers," may be unhelpful as subjectivity can mean a number of things in philosophy. In this case, it seems indistinguishable from "opinion." And, furthermore, as it's used in this case, it's a perfect example of a thought-terminating cliché. As others noted, it just isn't true that philosophy is just opinions, and that's been explicitly the case since Plato, but as we can look at how opinions work in our lives and how they relate to facts, we see that opinion isn't the end of thought but the beginning. We express and discuss our opinions all of the time! Furthermore, sometimes our opinions get the facts wrong, and sometimes we use the linguistic construction of opinion to assert a fact claim that we don't want to want to defend, etc.
First, it's a good idea to nail down *precisely* what we mean by bigotry here. Your question is regard to censorship, so you might possibly be asking specifically about bigoted language, rather than bigotry in general. Typically, people use the term "bigotry" to describe intolerance directed at a social group, often by race, sexual orientation, religion, or things like that. By that sense, intolerance of bigotry wouldn't, itself, to be bigotry as bigots aren't really a social group in the sense that would qualify. Or it isn't clear how bigots could be such a social group. Bigotry can exist within any social group directed at other such groups. Now if we mean by bigotry as just intolerance in general, then yes, sure, intolerance of intolerance would be bigotry by that sense, as uncanny as that would be. However, framing the question as intolerance of intolerance gets us to a core concern of liberal political philosophy: the paradox of tolerance. This paradox is that a society with tolerance without limits entails tolerance of the destruction of tolerance by the intolerant. It follows, then, that there must be limits on intolerance in principle. Philosophers John Rawls and Karl Popper are influential on this question and worth reading. However, this paradox gets harder to square with your question, like my first point, when bigotry means just bigoted language, and even more so when bigoted language is specified, as you do, as not calling for harm or making trouble. It'd probably follow that, I guess, just saying shitty things about groups of people is tolerable speech and should not be censored. But of course the question of censorship, particularly in the present context of this issue, also takes on consideration of private business interests. In this way, a person using bigoted language on a private service might be censored - that is, removed from the service - less because of bigotry *per se* as much as damage to the business by association, such as loss of advertising. Users also typically sign a Terms of Service Agreement that outlines acceptable language/behavior. That's not to say that this is settles the matter but that this gets us into a whole nest of other questions about a businesses right to refuse service, whether such services are platforms or publishers (legal liability, basically), etc. which are orthogonal to the question of tolerance *per se*.
&gt; Now science took this position with few exceptions like morality, logic, scientific methodology It's not so much that science was a thing and then just took on "everything," but, rather, what we refer to as as the natural sciences today spun off from natural philosophy as natural knowledge began to grow and take on a more distinct character from other sorts of knowledge. You can look to the philosopher and scientist William Whewell who is credited with this providing a lot of the terms for this distinction between philosophy and natural sciences. &gt; Do you know anything about methodology of philosophy? What's it's method? Like scientific method. The notion of a single scientific method is, itself, something of a misnomer. There are actually a whole lot of different methods in the sciences which, yes, share some general features and some share specific features, but all distinct in ways that are relevant to the sort of subjects they study. The methods of astrophysics are going to be different from zoology and the methods of zoology are going to be different from chemistry or material science, etc. This is somewhat similar in philosophy, there are quite a few methods in philosophy, and comparatively, I'd say, much closer to the substance of philosophical study than in the natural sciences. For example, Ordinary Language Philosophy is a substantive view about philosophy in general and used linguistic analysis in its practice, but though the substance view of OLP about philosophy in general has been largely abandoned, linguistic analysis remains a useful method in the 'toolbox' of philosophical methodology.
If /r/badphilosophy is filled with Hegelian autodidacts, the ethical response may be to burn it all to the ground.
That's... not really a metaphilosophical survey of philosophical methodology, as I think they're requesting, as much as philosophy of science for epistemological anarchy in science.
Unfortunately I don't, not in any concise way other than just learning about different metaphilosophical views and methods by studying philosophy in general, though I wouldn't be surprised if there was such a book that surveys philosophical methodologies. Instead, [here's the PhilPapers bibliography on papers on philosophical methods](https://philpapers.org/browse/philosophical-methods).
If we take existentialism to refer just to Sartre's view from *Existentialism is a Humanism," the most influential argument might have been from Martin Heidegger's "Letter on Humanism," which criticizes Sartre's existentialism for misunderstanding Heidegger's project which it originally took influence. From the essay: &gt; Existentialism says existence precedes essence. In this statement he is taking *existentia* and *essentia* according to their metaphysical meaning, which, from Plato's time on, has said that *essentia* precedes *existentia*. Sartre reverses this statement. But the reversal of a metaphysical statement remains a metaphysical statement. With it, he stays with metaphysics, in oblivion of the truth of Being.
&gt; My moral stance is basically "I refuse to accept laws and norms just out of sheepish conformity, I agree and follow only the rules that benefit me (and my sense of empathy)." Since there are few, if any, philosophers who've ever held the view that one should accept laws and norms "just out of sheepish conformity," it's hard to see how your stance is so unique. After that, your view looks like some form of egoism. But I'd bet your "own ethics" for your "own reasons" ends up looking a lot like most people's in a secular, Western society.
Right, and I'm not trying to be snarky or judgmental - I share a similar sentiment - but I want to suggest that the attitude that you describe, rather than being existential or nihilistic or whatever, is just what it means to be a thoughtful moral actor. I think the illusion here is in overreading altruism and/or morality as more ideal than they really are. A sense that altruism that would entail absolutely no pleasure or benefit is simply mistaken.
&gt; And some people may have problems with the arguments Lewis makes. Such as Elizabeth Anscombe, for a very relevant example.
A picture of your youtube search results? Really? That's what you posted and what people are upvoting?
Yeah, I don't think we can help with a term you think you heard in a Star Wars video you once saw. In psychology, the fear of death is called death anxiety or thanatophobia. In Martin Heidegger's philosophy, there is the concept of *being-towards-death*, but that's less a fear of death as much as a way of Being that death is always a possibility for one's self, i.e. "as soon as man comes to life, he is at once old enough to die." That's all I got for yah, sorry.
Not only is his philosophy stuff not academic, it's just bad scholarship in general - like interpreting some philosophers in ways that are explicitly contrary to their stated views *bad*. Also there's a distinction between Peterson's work on Big 5 personality trait research, which I heard is quite good, and his Jungian mytho-poetic, quasi-metaphysical stuff, which, well, mixed reviews.
Why not both? Buddhism covers a wide range of traditions, beliefs and practices.
&gt; Plenty of philosophers do [...] take Thomas Aquinas very seriously. Affirming the atheist view doesn't really entail not taking Aquinas very seriously.
&gt; Existentialism I've heard people say good things about *At the Existentialist Café: Freedom, Being, and Apricot Cocktails*.
Wittgenstein's *Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus* While much of it outlines a view on the logic of language, there are parts with some pretty heavy statements on various things, though working within a larger view. &gt; 6.4311 Death is not an event of life. Death is not lived through. If by eternity is understood not endless temporal duration but timelessness, then he lives eternally who lives in the present. Our life is endless in the way that our visual field is without limit.
Your question already answers itself: to the extent that "if it had not been for the invention of the airplane, the September 11 attacks could not have been performed." Typically, when people ask "to what extent X caused/is responsible for/contributed to/etc. Y," this, contrary to how "extent" is often used, isn't a precise measurement of some kind but, rather, another way of asking something like "in what way has X caused" or "in what sense has X caused." So when you note the sense that the Wright brothers have contributed to 9/11 in inventing the airplane, you've already answered the question, and just left confused about what "to what extent" means.
The thing is that there really isn't an "actual postmodernism" in the sense of a particular, or even general, philosophical view. At best, "postmodernism" in philosophy, or "postmodern philosophy," refers to a number of modern critiques of modern views that took place in late-mid 20th Century France, so not anything like a positive philosophical view "after modernity" like some take it. From a broader historical view, these critiques make sense in the trends of philosophy in general before and at their time in other parts of the world. So it's not so much that Peterson is just making stuff up in some intentional way as much as engaged in a whole genre of confused pseudo-criticism, which exists on the political right, left, and center, though with greater purchase in the former in these days of right-populist skepticism of academia, which amounts to telling people what "postmodernism" is and how it's a threat to whatever. Since postmodernism doesn't refer to a particular view, but lay readers suspect that it must, it's open to refer to anything, often a diabolical chimera of philosophical views and approaches that have existed since antiquity, such as philosophical skepticism, political realism, emancipatory politics, etc., that few people actually believe. Any inconsistency or contradiction within the presented "postmodernism" is then explained away as a feature of "postmodernism."
&gt; Given that consciousness is extinguished upon our becoming unconscious, and then reemerges once again in the morning, doesn't this pose a threat to our continued existence? No. &gt; What exactly is wrong with the suggestion that continuity of consciousness is a necessary condition for persistence? Because you're fucking annoying about it. You keep asking the same shit over and fucking over, regardless of what anyone says, creating new accounts each time you're banned to ask the same thing. Dude, if you want to think you've proven your point, go ahead. Or better yet, get professional therapy, because this is probably some displaced anxiety disorder. But in any case, please fuck off.
lol "Change my view!" &gt; I’m not here to debate the foundations of conservatism—the doctrines in literature are quite clear. "Wait, wait, wait. I'm not here to defend my view!"
Affirm life and all its challenges and discomforts, take risks, accept failure and suffering as opportunities of personal growth rather than avoid them, reject a "go with the flow" attitude toward life but contribute to the flow, adopt an aristocratic-artistic attitude towards one's own life. Things like that. Incidentally, this reply reminded me of how good *The Big Lebowski* is. Maybe we could say it's a Nietzschean satire and a satire of Nietzsche.
Not really. I mean precisely that: an attitude toward life resembling that of an aristocrat. An aristocrat is a member of the highest, most 'excellent,' social class. This is not say to *be* in an actual ruling social class, or that the ruling class is ever truly excellent, but, rather, to act as the superior ruler over one's life, to act from one's own will in all things rather than in resentment or conformity, including generosity to others. It's an elitist attitude.
I think it's questionable that the relationship between philosophy and economics is one that must demonstrate some utility of the former for the latter. In fact, behind this particular question looks like another: what's the relationship between philosophy and the natural and social sciences in general. I think there's a common view among people educated in the natural and social sciences that "philosophy" is the stuff that comes into play only when empirical research is in some way limited or inadequate, so something like rational, generalized reflection. So the advancements in empirical methods of research looks like a recession of "philosophy." To be honest, I think this view is mistaken, viewing philosophy as a particular kind of rational inquiry when, I'd say, philosophy is concerned with knowledge in general, including *a posteriori knowledge*. In any case, with respect to economics, you can read more in the [SEP article on Philosophy of Economics.](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/economics/)
&gt; I'm not even sure whether I understand him. He seems to be saying that hardship, potentially including the hardship of slavery, is necessary to human development. You understand him. A central feature of Nietzsche's philosophy is the view that suffering provides opportunity for overcoming and self-actualization.
A lot of people have noted the similarity to Stirner's egoist anarchism, including at the time Nietzsche was reaching a wider readership, with some speculating that Nietzsche was influenced by Stirner. In my opinion, though, Stirner's philosophy is superficial in comparison.
&gt; Myself of the other hand am negative, think life has no meaning, and believes its kind of crappy. There are philosophers who advance, such as Arthur Schopenhauer, and critique, such as Friedrich Nietzsche, a similar view. Personally I think it's a consequence of a confused way of thinking that has rejected its object but affirms the reasoning: that "meaning" must be something external to life for life to have "meaning."
The broadest distinction I think is just by what they are: personal philosophy is an individual's reflection on their lived experiences, often reduced to a maxim, ethic, or philosophical aphorism, or collection thereof, while academic philosophy is a conversation, or dialectic, with other philosophers either in the past before the modern academic system or within academia, sharing historical development, norms, methods, etc. for the task. I'm not a fan of belittling or dismissing personal philosophy - in fact I'd encourage everyone outside of academics to contemplate philosophy - but, by its anecdotal and personal nature, it's just hardly going to be as robust or developed as philosophy which engages with other views and employs more rigorous methods. In general, for any advanced science in the broadest sense, cooperative work outstrips personal reflection.
So when I wrote "science in the broadest sense," I mean the older sense of a systematically organized body of knowledge on a particular subject, rather the more contemporary sense of, specifically, the natural sciences.
/r/funnyphilosophy Because it isn't.
One function that philosophy can do for the world is a "therapeutic" function. By this approach, stemming from Wittgenstein, instead of answering some philosophical question, a philosopher "dissolves" the problem by showing how the problem arises from some confusion of language. While this approach is no longer dominant as it was, it's still useful in order to sharpen our attention on genuine philosophical concerns wherever we may find them.
Wittgenstein's *On Certainty* is a good example of such an approach to forms of philosophical skepticism like solipsism.
Are you sure you have a clear idea of what an exceptional individual looks like? Because this: &gt; People who do not care for ordinary life, and truly dedicate themselves to intellectual pursuits. Looks more like a particular sort of eccentricity that people associate with brilliance rather than brilliance *per se*. Even an exceptional person needs to care enough about ordinary life to function as a member of society.
&gt; because this seems to be saying that your understanding of Nietzsche's philosophy that he would condone immoral ideas/actions/etc simply because they are immoral Then you're mistaken. The reasons given above are strictly *not* "immoral because they are immoral."
And this gives us a clue into another observation: philosophical questions can and do arise outside of philosophy, e.g. in an individual's personal curiosity about life, in 'crises' within the sciences, moral crises in societies, etc. So even if philosophy as a field were no longer around, philosophy would still be done, just probably poorly.
Who's saying that you need to "side up"? -ism words, despite what's implied by the morphology, are often less rigid than people assume, and vary in the categories which they concern. Of course we can be critical of dogmatic attitudes and adopt pragmatic eclecticism (see the problem with making generalizations about "-ism" words?) when it appears appropriate.
Yeah, I wouldn't say the sense of "living your life as art" is so simply as either just creating works of art or self-creation in general but, rather, by my understanding of Nietzsche, adopting an artist-aesthetic relation to one's life. It's less life-as-art-product for other people as much as taking on the sort of authority an artist has over their art but for living. So to your examples, I'd say those *could be* fitting examples of this relation to life but that relation is independent of the particular qualities we popularly associate with art (entertaining, remarkable) or living in an artistic way (bohemianism, etc.).
Well, I find that "people" say a lot of things, many contradictory, and not to worry too much about "people" in the abstract.
Well, academic philosophers are people, too, so who knows. But "sides" in such a venue typically reflect substantive differences rather than just a structure of antagonism out of reflex, and views which try to side-step or bridge those differences are not uncommon, and often par for the course.
It's less that Schopenhauer himself was an immediate influence on existentialism as much as that he was an immediate influence on a philosopher who was an immediate influence on existentialism: Friedrich Nietzsche. And it's not quite right to describe Nietzsche as merely influenced by Schopenhauer's philosophy as Nietzsche's philosophy, in very real ways, was a continuation, correction, and repudiation of aspects of Schopenhauer's philosophy. Whereas Schopenhauer saw will to live as the driving force of all living things and, as inspired by Buddhism (though important to note *not* the view of Buddhism wrt nirvana), called for a denial of the will; Nietzsche saw the will to power as the driving force of all living things and called for an affirmation of life and will. It's this register of affirmation in the face of suffering, doubt, freedom, the absurd, etc. that existentialism comes out of. Existentialism is, in an indirect way, a response to Schopenhauer's pessimism.
I believe /u/mediaisdelicious had a good reply about the difficulty of pinning just whether Nietzsche's views on women are actually views on women *per se* - that is, in some essentialist or biologically-determined way - or on women as a social class. Like, it looks like Nietzsche takes issue with the latter but sometimes attributes it to the former. Or something like that. Hopefully media can expand on that. For my own judgment, I think we can see this attitude toward women is one inherited from Schopenhauer, whose "On Women" is, well, misogynistic as all get out, asserting that women by their biological nature are "meant to obey" and "childish," but who later met the Prussian sculptor Elisabet Ney whose artistic and independent led him to say to a friend: "I have not yet spoken my last word about women. I believe that if a woman succeeds in withdrawing from the mass, or rather raising herself above the mass, she grows ceaselessly and more than a man." If Nietzsche wrote a lot about women in *BG&amp;E* (it's been so long since I've lasted looked it over), I'd like to think it's out of a good sense that women, and in effect this ambivalence toward their possibilities, are a challenge for Nietzsche's philosophical project in an important way. In my judgment, it's the one place that Nietzsche's critique, in contrast to everywhere else we find it, runs dead-stop into the woefully timely attitudes of 19th century biological determinism. In my judgment, if Nietzsche's critique should apply for and be heard by *anyone*, it's women.
Maybe try reading that sentence again but with closer attention to the parallel construction? Also, wow, a reply to a 4 month old comment.
What do you mean by "objective meaning"?
Stupid brain making me do stupid stuff. *hits head*. Stop hitting me. Alternative reply: Kill all neurons.
&gt; So, like, a scientist figures out a way to reliably decrease breast cancer mortality with a new treatment, and to that you just want to shock them about their metaphysical assumptions? You want to be like, well, you've saved lives but basically I want you to know that we can't ever really know anything about the thing in itself and you made a lot of assumptions about the materiality of the world. Nope, that's, like, not at all what I'm talking about. I like talking to scientists about philosophy not to "dunk" on science but, rather, the opposite. I love philosophy of science *because* science is so personally interesting to me. The point is more or less to overturn this, in my opinion, confused understanding of philosophy as something competitive with science. And usually it's less about exposing metaphysical assumptions as much as pumping up the anti-metaphysical intuitions. I like talking philosophy with scientists because they have strong philosophical intuitions, many of which I share, and are just genuinely thoughtful.
Deleted my comment because it did come across as condescending, but I want to make the point that my enthusiasm for talking philosophy with scientists isn't at all for a chance to "dunk" on science but, rather, because I find their philosophical intuitions to be incredibly thoughtful, and often personally agreeable.
&gt; What I am wondering, seeing as Hume’s critique basically undermines most of modern science as well as our modern common sense, You should probably read more of Hume, that's a really questionable take. &gt; has anyone shown him to be mistaken by his own — and our own (very few of us after all are transcendental idealists) — standards? Well, Hume, for one. Even if we aren't all transcendental idealists, Kant's Copernican revolution, I'd say, at least in it's broadest features, has become common-sensical. After that, Karl Popper's falsificationism is a direct response to induction.
Is the willed end something other than truth? Maybe the preservation of life? Is the telling of the truth conditional on something in this instance?
The various views about what philosophy is, what it should do, and how it should be done dovetails pretty quickly into *doing* philosophy in general but, when considered directly, these sort of concerns are described as [metaphilosophy](https://www.iep.utm.edu/con-meta/).
&gt; if it’s completely impractical, as the Axe murderer at the Door shows. In my opinion, if I had to follow Kantian ethics to be considered moral, I would rather be considered immoral, because then at least my kids wouldn’t be hacked to pieces. I don't think that's a fair presumption. Lying to the murderer at the door does not necessarily prevent the murderer from finding their target and committing the crime, but it does undermine the duty to truthfulness which is the basis of all duties "founded on contract, the laws of which would be rendered uncertain and useless if even the least exception to them were admitted." There's no reason to assume that lying is the only practical course of action in such a hypothetical, nor that that course of action wouldn't have unforeseen consequences, which, for Kant, the liar becomes responsible for. This is more or less Kant's answer in "On the Supposed Right to Lie From Benevolent Motives."
From what I understand, hard determinism is already the term that philosophers use to mean what 'superdeterminism' calls out in the context of quantum mechanics. Any distinction between determinism in a plain sense and superdeterminism would be, then, a distinction for physicists rather than philosophers, so you'd be better off asking scientists at /r/askscience.
"Hard determinism" is a mistake on my part, which, as you note, has a special meaning in the debate over free will. Rather, I mean a thorough-going sense of casual determinism. Is that different from superdeterminism?
Wow, in a single tweet, that Scientist tested and refuted the Delphic maxim of "Know thyself." Self-knowledge is impossible. Too many "me's."
&gt; so-called "longtermist" As an English speaker, is it too late to not?
They're alright. I'm pretty sure one or two of the mods who are in the profession authored essays for a couple of these.
When your research goes only as deep as the word "progress," you're just a rogue thinker trespassing the orthodoxy. ; )
&gt; When I say "nihilism" I quess it means a position that states that nothing really matters and nothing has any inherent meaning. Part of the issue with construing "nihilism" this way is that it just passes the ambiguity on to what it means for something to "really matter" versus whatever the opposite is suppose to be and what this has to do with "inherent meaning," etc.
[This kind of shit.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manosphere)
&gt; (Edit: I don't mean to accuse all other members of this subreddit of the same thing, just that this applies to my past self.) It really seems like you are, though, but okay. &gt; Furthermore, some forms of sneering can genuinely cause psychological trauma. What are those, specifically? Doxing? I agree. Harassing them with replies and direct messages? Also agree. Messing with their offline life in, like, most ways? Yep. Is that what you're talking about? Because, unlike your warning based on self-reflection, *that's* not clear. &gt; But what most influenced me to write this post is the fact that the other apology was deleted. In my mind, the fact that a post expressing the slightest tinge of empathy and remorse was removed and locked by the mods says a lot about this subreddit. I used to think that we were the good guys with empathy, and rationalists were the villains. Today I’m not so sure. Or you're reading too much into the removal of a concern troll post, or at least suspected of being one, or in general just off topic and uninteresting. And that you take that opportunity to assert it "says a lot about this subreddit" is also suspicious. &gt; I used to think that we were the good guys with empathy, and rationalists were the villains. Today I’m not so sure. I want to point about this bit particularly as you *just wrote several paragraphs about how this sort of thinking is flawed.* Today you're not so sure, as though your thinking was actually reasonable, only that "we're the baddies"? This is why I doubt that you're serious. Despite all your edits, notes, clarifications, etc., it's pretty obvious that you still want to generalize about this subreddit.
TIL product differentiation is postmodernism.
They linked to the bad philosophy part...
*At the Existentialist Café* by Sarah Blackwell.
&gt; I know this is a fallacy of some sort kind of claiming that just because the general public does not know of the man, he must not be bad. But Michael Moore didn't claim that in what you quoted. There's no assertion that Qasem Soleimani wasn't bad. It's not an argument about Soleimani at all but, rather, at least it seems to me, a warning to be critical of rationalizations for war.
&gt; The whole basis of Moore's argument is that the war can't be rationalized because we don't know who the general is. If we want to analyze an argument, it needs to be an argument that has actually been made, not one that we feel is implied in some other statement. Maybe Moore thinks that, maybe he doesn't. In any case, in the quote provided, Moore didn't make the argument that you ascribe to him, or really any argument about the justification for Soleimani's assassination.
These days, philosophy is largely - virtually exclusively - an academic discipline, so becoming a professional philosopher requires years of education in the first place, then even more to stand out in the field. Maybe, at most, philosophers of the millennial generation are just starting to gain attention in the field. I don't know how old Kate Manne, famous for her work on misogyny which has some relation with the #MeToo movement, actually is but she's the youngest famous philosopher that I'm aware of.
&gt; or are a ‘super talented weirdo’ (his words not mine) tfw you *want* Elliot Alderson but you only get walking sexual harassment lawsuit cranks with printed out online IQ test results and poor personal hygiene
Is philosophy *exclusively* that? No, philosophy includes other sorts of projects. Does philosophy include that? Definitely. I'd say, for something like that view of the possibility for philosophy, though in different words, you may enjoy reading Wilfrid Sellar's essay "Philosophy and the Scientific Image of Man."
Well, first, "inference to the best explanation" is often a description of [abduction](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/abduction/). We routinely employ abduction in this sense in our everyday lives as well as scientific pursuits, but its role in areas of contemporary philosophy are under some discussion: &gt; Last but not least, abduction plays a central role in some important philosophical debates. See Shalkowski 2010 on the place of abduction in metaphysics (also Bigelow 2010), Krzyżanowska, Wenmackers, and Douven 2014 and Douven 2016a for a possible role of abduction in the semantics of conditionals, and Williamson (forthcoming) for an application of abduction in the philosophy of logic. Arguably, however, abduction plays its most notable philosophical role in epistemology and in the philosophy of science, where it is frequently invoked in objections to so-called underdetermination arguments.
Yes, some projects rely on deduction and induction, and another commenter replied with some examples of those. But if you want to interpret "inference to the best explanation" to entail all reasoning whatsoever, then sure, but it's not all that helpful nor resembling our usual use of the words.
Those which don't infer to the best of existing possible explanations but, rather, postulate their own explanations from the evidence - which is just what these words mean...?
I don't know how I got myself into a position of having to defend the view that all inductive reasoning *isn't* abduction "in disguise" but I'm definitely *not* the person to ask with respect to this specific train of concerns. This is not to say that your questions aren't reasonable or valid, but, rather, I'm just out of my depth to answer them. I came to answer a fairly straight-forward metaphilosophical question, and I feel I have, so your follow up questions may deserve another, independent submission to /r/askphilosophy,
Oh, boy. As someone who also played that game, I remember this very interaction with Caesar. I remember understanding the initial reasoning of Caesar's Legions as antithesis of the NCR and therefore conflict (story-wise, you could and probably should end here), and then sneering a bit at the Hegelian Dialectic reference (not a fan of mixing my FPS with philosophy, as the former was an escape from the latter), soon later learning it was pretty much a re-telling of Fichte's summary of it as thesis, antithesis, and synthesis. A thorough description, I think, might entail primers on Plato's dialectics and Kant's antimonies, and since both could fill a semester's worth of classes, I think we can make do with [the SEP article on Hegel's dialectics](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/hegel-dialectics).
/r/samharris &gt; Anybody that has any understanding of philosophy *15 upvotes* Something about blind men leading the blind.
The view that you are describing is broadly called antinatalism. Despite the way people often talk about antinatalism as though it's *one* argument that reproduction is wrong, antinatalism has a variety of arguments and motivations behind those arguments in favor of the view. Some emphasize the role of consent to be born at all, others emphasize the existence of suffering in life, others emphasize the harm a human life does to non-human lives and/or the environment in general, or some combination of these. Therefore, to address the concerns which motivate antinatalism in general, we'd need a sustained engagement with antinatalism in general - and, I'd say, some of the concerns which motivate it are, at least in my view, quite strong! In the version of it that you present here, I agree with Tycho in objecting to the claim that all voluntarily induced suffering is immoral. That would need to be argued for, and that seems to me a hard case to make.
Yes, the argument from consent is another common family of arguments given for antinatalism. My issue with these, however, is that consent entails an informed, rational being. Since there is no such being prior to conception, and even until some age of reason, no consent could possibly be given. Rather than, as an antinatalist might presume, this making a case that procreation is categorically *against* consent of the born, I find it to show that an argument from consent here is senseless. To be at all is a necessary condition to the possibility of consenting in general.
And if this is anywhere in a book, it may be *Consciousness Explained*.
Fuck off with screen shots of twitter.
A brute fact is a fact that has no explanation, i.e. can't be reduced to other facts. A brute fact is purely and simply the case.
[bye](https://twitter.com/i/flow/signup)
No, both address existential angst directly. &gt; People keep saying that you have to make/find your own meaning in life, but that to me just seems like something they tell themselves to make them feel better and not have to deal with the existential dread. I think you're mistaken to construe existentialism and absurdism as this thing people keep saying to you. Philosophy in general goes beyond a single sentence a person said to you once. &gt; Change my mind. Read Jean-Paul Sartre's *Nausea*, maybe.
I'm not sure why you asked the question in the first place, then, if you're already certain of your own answer.
&gt; If Nietzsche saw nihilism as the great existential threat of his and our time, how (or maybe even: why) did he conceive of overcoming nihilism? Answering that would entail, more or less, summarizing the dude's whole philosophy from start to finish. If you want to answer that, you might want to read more than a little Nietzsche. &gt; Doesn’t recognition of the incongruity inherent in nihilism (reductively: that no objective meaning exists) prevent any authentic meaning making [I’m thinking of the tension between Camus and Sartre]? No. I'm not sure what you mean by "incongruity inherent in nihilism" but, for Nietzsche, similar to these other philosophers, the recognition of the death of God entails 'becoming what one is.' &gt; Why not just look into this emptiness with a kind of tragi-comic gaze? That's a possible response, similar to Thomas Nagel's conclusion in his essay, "The Absurd." The "crisis" of nihilism, though, doesn't entail any particular response over another. Indeed, it *can't* entail *anything*. Maybe the ironist response isn't satisfying?
I think [this section on in the SEP article on Hume's moral philosophy](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/hume-moral/#namoj) will help with your questions.
&gt; There is heated debate about what Hume intends by each of these theses and how he argues for them. He articulates and defends them within the broader context of his metaethics and his ethic of virtue and vice.
Fairly sound dating advice.
I don't remember a place where Socrates says anything about training one arm but Book V has Socrates arguing for women receiving the same education and training as men.
&gt; A hater is obsessive and uncritical. Disliking you becomes part of their identity, and they create an image of you in their own head that is much worse than reality. Gonna say this doesn't capture the sneerer.
Even in those examples, I don't think "simply better" tells us anything useful about these things. To judge something excellent, we need it to have a function toward a desired outcome, but the question at hand doesn't entail a desired outcome, just "simply better." So we get these examples which compare similar things as things *per se* when we should be comparing their functions to particular outcomes. Fine wine and Mozart are better perhaps for a ruminative evening but inferior if we want a mixer for a cocktail or a girls' night out. Obviously this question of functions toward desired outcomes becomes even more difficult with regard to people, who do all kinds of things for all kinds of purposes, and likewise aren't merely means but also ends in themselves. In other words, we can talk about people being better than others with regard toward different outcomes but it's not clear that talk about "simply better" makes sense in general, or of people in particular. It's, at least, as Tycho replied, controversial.
Sure, but you'd have to recognize that's *not* "simply better" but, rather, as Aristotle writes, "activity of soul in accordance with virtue." And, as Aristotle further states, as a single swallow doesn't make a summer, human excellence is over a complete life. So even if we can judge the character of people in theory, there are practical limitations to making these judgments on this or that interaction. If we can get a clear image of their character over the course of a life, then perhaps. In the everyday ways of people judge the characters of others, we have to recognize that they're typically *not* making these judgments on this sort of basis but, rather, one or two off interactions. We must also recognize that the language around judging people as superior and inferior is laden far more with pseudoscience than with consideration of living in accordance to virtue.
In essence, I've said two things: The first is that qualitative judgments about *anything* require some end in mind, even with respect to people's characters. The second, with respect to Aristotelian sense of human excellence as an end by which to judge any person, there are practical limitations to making that sort of judgement, at least while that person is alive. To get to the original question at hand: Since a desired end is a requirement of judgments in general, to judge a person "simply" or "as a whole" leaves whatever end unstated, leaving that detail for the person hearing the judgment to fill that in their self, which could be an Aristotelian sense of human excellence, or how much wealth obtained, or beautiful features, or anything whatsoever. Strictly speaking, there's no sense in judging anything outside its function toward whatever end.
Indeed. We're also the "evil that knows itself for evil, and hates the good with all its strength." Quite an image of us in someone's head!
[Most rationalists wasting time online.](https://imgur.com/vnmGm27)
This from, like, /r/conservative, or something? Because it when from bad understanding of Hegel (lol that *aufheben* isn't a central concept in his philosophy) to "true incarnation of evil" at the speed of reactionary.
What you're describing is systematic philosophy, which is an approach to philosophy by developing a general framework or 'system' which answers all philosophical questions from that framework. Kant is a great example of one, but there are some before and after him. Contemporary philosophers in general are more specialized, focusing on particular philosophical debates directly. Philosophers still love a good framework, so it's not altogether absent, but more in the background of research or 'metaphilosophy.'
Bryan Magee was a BBC broadcaster, as well as a philosopher in his own right, who had a couple of TV series in the 70's and 80's in which he interviewed then-contemporary philosophers about their own work as well as great philosophers of the past. Magee is wonderful, not that dissimilar to David Attenborough, and the interviews are engaging, diverse, and very binge-able. You can find pretty much every episode of his series on YouTube. For example, [Magee interviewing Sidney Morgenbesser on American pragmatism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVB1OFavfWw).
Wittgenstein was among the philosophers responsible for the 'linguistic turn' in analytic philosophy but this development was already underway by the time *Philosophical Investigations*, in which the private language argument appears, was posthumously published in 1953. And I don't don't know if it's quite a 'paradigm shift' as linguistic analysis has been a part of philosophizing since Plato but the linguistic turn did but that front and center, and for a while exclusively, of how philosophy would be done. I'd say early modern philosophy was already untenable after Kant's first Critique.
&gt; She said that the men should be socially conscious enough to not surround her on an otherwise empty train (I don't think I mentioned that part), otherwise it's an aggressive act towards her. I can see how someone could view it as uncourteous but she'd need another argument to make the case that this amounts to an aggressive act towards her. I might feel uncomfortable if a person was so uncourteous as to sneeze in my vicinity without covering their mouth but it wouldn't be reasonable presume, by that alone, it was an intentional act of aggression against me. We'd need some more work to get to that conclusion.
Today You Learned?
&gt; Yeah to me he is such an interesting character especially how he has been recontextualized today. So you're wondering why academia isn't keeping up with his sudden resurgence (like, in the last decade at most?) in popularity with far right populists, or something? I think there's something really flawed in your presumption that lack of engagement with Evola, and other fringe thinkers, is due to some perceived censorship of their ideas and not by just the fact of being fringe. &gt; I don't necessarily agree, but I do think any challenge to the whig view of history is warranted, especially today where it is unclear what direction history is actually going. Evola is certainly not the only thinker to challenge "Whig history."
&gt; First of all, I have to admit I'm not very well-read. I know, not the best foundation for such a statement. I mean, if you're looking to have an unpopular opinion about anything, knowing little to fuck all about it is an advantage.
Not that I give all that much of a shit about what Peterson thinks about pretty much anything, I do slightly wonder what his hot take is on the Iranian Canadians who died on Flight 752.
Critical philosophy af.
A possible way to put this simply is that the disparaging of philosophy, or any body of knowledge, as "old white guys" does just as much to erase work by non-old, non-white and/or non-guys who have contributed to it. This line of criticism already accepts the premise that philosophy 'belongs' to white dudes, and therefore should be abandoned or whatever, when we should reject that premise and better educate people on philosophy done by non-white, non-dudes. It's ceding the territory that has already been won.
Nietzsche kind of set his self up, to a degree, as an anti-Plato. Ever since *Birth of Tragedy*, Nietzsche saw Socrates bringing a view of rationality that undermined the 'revelry for life' aspect of tragedy (the Dioynsian, as contrasted with the Apollonian), and set himself to push back against that for a foothold between both attitudes. So it wouldn't be surprising to see Nietzsche critical of this maxim in general but a more specific consideration, I think, would require citing the actual text Nietzsche makes this criticism.
I see that as the same argument. Reading and reacting against the views of the past is just part of what it means to be *doing* philosophy.
In contrast, my alma mater, a Jesuit university, had classes that focused on eastern philosophy and African American philosophy. And these weren't just token classes but substantive and delivered by professors who were clearly passionate about the material. I really wish there were more of those classes at other universities as they were some of my favorite as an undergrad.
It's hard to say without more information. Liberalism is a very board family of political views, some which are more compatible with colonization and slavery while some which are strictly opposed, so this popular philosopher likely has something particularly in mind with regard to "Liberalism." Other than that, in the broad sense of these things, I don't think the history matches up. There's evidence of slavery predating written records, and certainly predates liberalism as a recognizable political philosophy in the 17th Century. Modern colonial expansionism comes around the same time frame as liberalism, but this is not really a justification of the former as much as a result of tension between monarchical power and colonial independence, as the American Revolution exemplified. Yeah, I just can't see how what could make sense without being real weaselly with these words. There could be a sense in which a form of liberalism, or forms, can and has been used to justify colonialism and slavery - likely a sense identical with American imperialism - but that liberalism in general was the ideological justification of slavery and colonization in general is just plainly false.
&gt; In this literature people often talk about 'actually existing liberalism', and the point is that when you look at the historical figures involved in the historical changes around the 18th-19th centuries (e.g. American, French, Haitian revolutions, South American independence, etc.) the tendency is that the factions most closely aligned to liberal philosophy are as a rule strongly in support of colonialism and very often slavery as well. Yeah, that's probably the "something more specific in mind" that I was sensing. I admit, I'm not familiar with Domenico Losurdo and was replying to the broad sense of these terms. &gt; So, we're not talking about contemporary supporters of liberal parties Of course not, but the opposition to imperialism and slavery among contemporary liberals isn't suddenly new and from nowhere, but, rather, developments in liberalism over the centuries. I'm not sure why 'actually existing liberalism' excludes these from consideration as these developments actually existed and shaped liberalism in practice. &gt; But there is a very clear and straightforward sense that liberalism endorses colonialism and slavery, and that when these issues were the most hotly contested, liberals were staunchly pro-colonialism and often pro-slavery. But the question isn't whether liberals endorsed colonialism and slavery, or even were staunchly in support of them, but whether liberalism "was the ideology that justified slavery and colonialism." As your comment states, we're talking about a narrow sense of liberalism (Lockean liberalism, factions in 18th-19th century) and narrow period of slavery and colonialism (18th-19th centuries). Sure, there's a straightforward case within this period of time, but it's less straight forward if we're permitted to consider the diversity within liberal thought on these questions and the broader history of slavery and colonialism. I believe your reply agrees with me that there are is a form, or forms of liberalism, which can and have been used to justify slavery and colonialism; but I think that's a weaker claim that the one represented in the OP. Likely there's no disagreement here and I'm just unfamiliar with Domenico Losurdo and replying to the claim associated to him in the OP.
[](#derridoge) wow.
&gt; This also discards phenomenology entirely, which is incompatible with marxism, which is, in Althussers words, a partisan application of philosophy, which is to say its a system of applying philosophy into practice, and actively takes sides in this. I knew it. Continental philosophy is full of witches. :[ also, to the lot of it [](#ayer)
&gt; I am admittedly far from being an expert, and think the whole enterprise is misguided anyway. But There's that "I don't really know what I'm talking about but going to do it anyway" trope.
It's mistaken to take Hume as refuting casualty rather than a critique of how we come to know casualty. Casualty is still a thing after Hume's critique, it's just that we come to know it through custom from our experiences - according to Hume's solution - rather than *a priori*.
Religion is still around. According to a [Pew Research Center 2012 demographic study](https://www.pewforum.org/2012/12/18/global-religious-landscape-exec/), approximately 84% of the world's population is affiliated with some religion.
[I would like to have a civil conversation about your statement.](#samharris)
Even still, that's way off from being gone. And in any case, I'd say whatever trend there may be is a decline in the *need* for religion for living, so, likewise, there's a decline in whatever "hole" religion is suppose to fill for living. It's not obvious that there *is* a gap left by religion for those who are irreligious, and if there is we need a clearer sense of what we're talking about, as irreligious people still have all the other usual ways of finding meaning in life, such as friends, family, work, personal projects, art, etc.
It's hard to say how many philosophers have this view but I imagine it is pretty common, to some degree, in contemporary philosophical methodology in general, just differing of *what* problems can be "dissolved" or not. In fact, since the 1960's, a general trend in philosophy has been pushing back against a more categorical version of this view - that *all* philosophical problems arise from confusions of language - which was dominant in Anglo-American philosophy for a short period, namely linguistic philosophy, distinguished between ideal language philosophy and ordinary language philosophy. The canonical texts of the former would be Gottlob Frege's *Begriffsschrift* and Wittgenstein's *Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus* and, of the latter, Wittgenstein's *Philosophical Investigations* and Gilbert Ryle's *The Concept of Mind*, among others of course.
Many words are polysemous, so we don't need to abandon that sense of "philosophy" - and I doubt we really could - while recognizing that sense doesn't really capture that of the contemporary profession.
Spinoza's metaphysical system is perhaps the most total and complete of such, at once providing a solution to the mind-body problem as well as a list of propositions derived through deductive reason from a set of basic axioms that set out the total scheme of reality in general leading to a naturalized ethical philosophy. It's a profound accomplishment in the history of philosophy, as well as thought in general, maybe closer to Euclid's *Elements* than anything else. People often cite Descartes' *Meditations* for closing the door on the period of medieval philosophy and opening to the modern era in philosophy, and there's a good basis for citing that turn with Descartes, but maybe people under acknowledge how Spinoza's system effectively *locked* that door from within the same language of medieval philosophy.
It can't be an *argumentum ad populum* because it's not an informal argument. There's no "argumentum" which could be "ad populum." Now if you wanted to prove to someone *else* that this product was the best of its kind using only that as an argument, then, yeah, it probably would be.
I feel like I've met some senior hippies who had been running that 'experiment' for years back when I lived in San Francisco, and they were all together pleasant, very mild-mannered people.
Yeah, my reply is more adding to how silly it is to call micro-dosing LSD over a long period of time an 'experiment' - your quotation marks leading me to assume that this was her description rather than yours - than about this tweeter's character, which I know nothing about and assumed was a more general assessment from her tweets and the like.
One strategy that I used in my undergrad would be to, first, just free-write my thoughts onto a page without worrying about introductions or format or anything. I wouldn't even start with many thoughts to put down but, after putting down a few or writing out what I understood from reading/lecture, I'd use the writing to think further, often to better effect than just in my head. Then, once I got everything that I felt like writing on the page, I'd re-read it and get a general idea of what I was saying in the paper. After that, writing a compelling introduction, as well as just a more coherent paper all around, was much easier. The 'hook' is just the general idea of the paper.
Do you mean like the [extended mind thesis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extended_mind_thesis)? Because that comes to mind, pun unintended.
tfw a picture holds me captive
&gt; Oh and you probably think I'm a piece of shit person based on this interaction which is hilarious and shows you take the internet too serious. Loser. Yeah, uh, I'm going to say, no joke, there might be some mental health concerns at play with this person.
Let's also consider §124 of *Philosophical Investigations*: &gt; Philosophy may in no way interfere with the actual use of language; it can in the end only describe it. For it cannot give it any foundation either. It leaves everything as it is. On that statement, I think we should be skeptical of trying to tease out some radical social implications of Wittgenstein's view of language in that same book. The implications are for use of language in *philosophy*, not our everyday use of language. As ethics is a subject of philosophy, then, yes, there would be good reason to think that attempting to ground ethics in rigid definitions is, by this view of language, a "hopeless task" (§77). However, I don't think this is as much a problem for law as the sort of strict definitions that are used in law are laid out within the body of the doctrine of law. There are times in which the court of law has to consider ordinary uses of language but any lawyer can detail how that differs from legal definitions and language in the profession. And, even then, legal language does change over time and there are mechanisms in law to revise legal definitions if there's a clear need to do so.
Burke was also supportive of American independence from the British Empire and opposed British imperialism in Ireland and India.
Nozick's 'experience machine' is short-hand for Nozick's thought experiment over the choice between everday reality and simulated reality, not about such a machine itself. The point of the experience machine thought experiment is to show that there is something other than pleasure which people value, contributing to their well-being, and thereby an argument against ethical hedonism. It's not to show that pleasure, derived from escapist fantasy, isn't valuable or contributes to well-being or something else. It's not a categorical argument against simulated experiences.
Don't make me report you to the OED!
&gt; I don't know whether I explained my issue with bias effectively, but I'm just wondering why bias is rarely addressed directly, when it can be so damaging to discussion and debate, more often than not whenever someone is arguing in bad faith, I'll see those who study philosophy, respond to them, despite the fact that its essentially pointless, why are bad faith arguments and bias allowed to slide? If we're allowed to include addressing bias indirectly in argumentation, then this is already built into our usual norms and methods of argumentation in philosophy. An introduction to philosophy, philosophical analysis, reasoning, etc. will likely introduce some of the ways that philosophers scrutinize things like relevance, validity, logical strength, logical form, etc. of any argument. Exposing bias, and faulty reasoning in general, is just kind of built into what it means to do philosophy, even if philosophers aren't tossing around words like "bias" and "fallacy", which often derail whatever conversation. It's often more persuasive and thereby useful to *show* someone how their argument is in some way flawed than to just say so. Addressing bias directly, though, is still a worthy topic, obviously, and connects into far-ranging research from epistemological questions to some which overlap with psychology, cognitive sciences, etc.
If you want a classic text on the relation between moral good and God, then you should read Plato's *Euthyphro*.
What do you mean by "meaning" here? Rather than double-think, you're likely just talking cross purposes with the people who say that thing.
If you don't mind a graphic novel instead of a movie, *Logicomix: An Epic Search for Truth* is an entertaining introduction to the so-called "foundational crisis of mathematics" of the early 20th century and early analytic philosophy, mostly around Bertrand Russell but featuring Ludwig Wittgenstein, Kurt Gödel, and others.
&gt;lol, Roger Scruton is bad philosophy? Are you saying that he doesn't deserve this level of *ahem* Scrutony? (For the record, the pun was all I intended) (But yeah, *Fools, Frauds and Firebrands* was Peterson-level bad)
Part of my issue with intellectuals who describe themselves as conservative like Scruton - aside from, you know, calling homosexuality a perversion and things like that - is their absolute failure to keep their own house in order while decrying the "radicals" on the left. Whatever was respectable of his political character is buried with him, while the worst is only praise-worthy in contrast with the new norm. The new heralds, at least the American sort, of conservatism are hosts of Fox and Friends. That's not to say that I would have posted about him myself to /r/badphilosophy on his death, but I ain't going stop anyone who does.
[tfw scrubbing the trim of the bedroom walls in a gimp suit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8klW9trVTQ)
Nah, Richard Rorty's and Jurgen Habermas' criticism of so-called postmodern left is far more coherent and textually accurate than Scruton's or anything on the right. I just straight up disagree with your equivalence. (lol, I was thinking to add to this comment about just how eyes-rolling-to-back-of-head batshit the American right's polemics of the left have become but then saw that I'm replying to someone who believes that "irrational hatred of God" and "delusions such as transgenderism" are signs of demonic possession)
I think you're asking about [*aporia*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aporia#Philosophy)... ? If so, yeah, that's a phenomenon of engaging in philosophy generally, noted as far back as Plato. *Meno* touches on it.
OK, unfrozen medieval theologian.
The *Blue and Brown Books* are notes in between the *Tractatus* and *Philosophical Investigations*, giving some valuable detail of Wittgenstein's move from one view to the other,. If you aren't interested all that much in that transitional period, you can skip it.
That really depends on whatever anyone means by being a "Kierkegaardian" but, in any case, Kierkegaard was very influential on later atheist existentialists, like Jean-Paul Sartre and Albert Camus. So, no, you wouldn't be alone in finding valuable insights in his work within an atheistic world view.
I'm not aware of any study that surveyed how many people working in philosophy today believe that some problems are semantic pseudo-problems, nor which problems are viewed as such. However, the place of the attitude in contemporary analytic philosophy is easier to get a sense of with some familiarity with the rise and sudden fall of linguistic philosophy in the mid 20th century. The attitude isn't altogether gone but, rather, permeates various projects that came out of that period, the criticism of it, etc.
Yeah, Thomas Szasz has been around a while. And while I can't speak to Szasz's particular arguments, and maybe the expression "myth of mental illness" overstates the case, but there are good reasons to be careful of what and how we diagnose mental illness.
[Here's the SEP article on hermeneutics.](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/hermeneutics/)
Any science will have multiple people cited as the "founder" or "father" of it.
I'm not aware of a place that Deleuze goes into a detailed critique of Wittgenstein, just the quote where Deleuze calls Wittgenstein (or, rather, his influence on philosophy at large) a 'catastrophe' and an 'assassination of philosophy.' Without Deleuze's own words explaining his judgement of Wittgenstein's work, it's hard to say with any certainty *why* he called Wittgenstein these things. Maybe someone more familiar with Deleuze's collected writings knows of a place where he goes into detail. Short of that, we can wager a guess. Toward the end of the *Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus*, halfway through Proposition 6, Wittgenstein moves focus from the logical structure of a proposition to more traditional philosophical topics, including how philosophy should be done: &gt; The right method of philosophy would be this. To say nothing except what can be said, i.e. the propositions of natural science, i.e. something that has nothing to do with philosophy: and then always, when someone else wished to say something metaphysical, to demonstrate to him that he had given no meaning to certain signs in his propositions. This method would be unsatisfying to the other—he would not have the feeling that we were teaching him philosophy—but it would be the only strictly correct method. (P 6.53) Put in more broad terms, there is a sense in which Wittgenstein's philosophy is "anti-philosophy" but, as usual with that sort of claim, it's "anti-" a particular sort of philosophy. Within Wittgenstein's career of philosophical work, Wittgenstein sought to show how philosophical problems aren't, in themselves, problems at all, but, rather, the result of confusions of language. Once we properly understand the limits of language and/or how language is properly used, we can then show how these philosophical problems come about and the problems 'dissolve' away. The function of philosophers, then, for Wittgenstein, is to be sort of the custodians of language, showing how language has "gone on holiday" in some way. There's obviously more to be said about this view, which was dominant in Oxford and Cambridge in the mid-20th century before quickly falling out of fashion. However, I think that's enough of a sense of what Deleuze might have found 'catastrophic,' especially in contrast to his own view on the possibilities and purpose of philosophy in general. I believe there's another place where Deleuze saw the role of philosophy as fundamentally *creative*, to create new concepts, which contrasts sharply with Wittgenstein's 'therapeutic' role for philosophy, in which metaphysical concepts are dissolved.
I remember reading a comment, I think by /u/mediaisdelicious, about how there are different places in Sartre's work that can be read as advancing a libertarian sense of free will but, in general, the best reading of it is as a phenomenological free will. In this latter sense, what we may call casual determinism, is already kind of factored into the sort of freedom Sartre is advancing in the way that facticity is always already part of an existential being. To pull from Heidegger, *Dasein* finds itself "thrown" into the world in a particular time and place, and this facticity already informs and is taken up in *Dasein's* being-in-the-world. In a similar way, facticity, for Sartre, are those concrete details which inform and are taken up in one's freedom, which we are condemned to be, or otherwise act in bad faith.
Well, to be clear, the bit that you quoted from my post conflates two stances that Wittgenstein held, one more dogmatic than the other, according to Wittgenstein himself in the introduction of *Philosophical Investigations*. It's of course in *PI* that we get a very expansive view of the possibilities, namely *uses*, of language (including non-verbal communication like rude gestures, etc.), though still critical of the possibility of genuine *philosophical* problems. It's a move that takes us from talking about the limits of language, what any proposition 'pictures,' and otherwise 'passing over in silence' of the *Tractatus* to considering different ways of speaking and 'showing the fly out of the bottle' of *PI*, though it's not clear that we have to *totally* reject the former view rather than seeing that in the organic range of things people do with language.
&gt; But still, it appears to me that the notion is frequently put forward that Wittgenstein was trying to just "dissolve" philosophy, as if we should just pretend that we didn't realize how monumental task this would be. I think I see the issue here. It's not that Wittgenstein was trying to dissolve philosophy *per se* but, rather, philosophical problems. Like you said, as we can still ask questions so there's still work to be done, and that work for philosophy, as far as late Wittgenstein was concerned, could only be therapeutic: &gt; In the Preface to PI, Wittgenstein states that his new thoughts would be better understood by contrast with and against the background of his old thoughts, those in the Tractatus; and indeed, most of Part I of PI is essentially critical. Its new insights can be understood as primarily exposing fallacies in the traditional way of thinking about language, truth, thought, intentionality, and, perhaps mainly, philosophy. In this sense, it is conceived of as a therapeutic work, viewing philosophy itself as therapy. (Part II (PPF), focusing on philosophical psychology, perception etc., was not as critical. Rather, it pointed to new perspectives (which, undoubtedly, are not disconnected from the earlier critique) in addressing specific philosophical issues. It is, therefore, more easily read alongside Wittgenstein’s other writings of the later period.) https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/wittgenstein/#PhilInve So it's not so radical as eliminating philosophy in total or just giving up on it but, rather, philosophers prioritize the task of 'showing the fly out of the bottle(s)' which are philosophical problems.
&gt; But again, if it's more complicated than reductive accounts (by reductive I mean what counts racism/sexism in online/mainstream discourse), it means my questions are actually hard to answer and accusing someone of racism/sexism shouldn't be this easy. If this is what you're concerned with, being unfairly accused of racism or sexism on social media, let's recognize that many social media platforms (twitter feeds, comment sections, etc.) encourage provocation and conflict as well as 'trolling' and 'shitposting.' It's not uncommon for someone to post something clearly racist, like a meme image of crude racism, to piss people off 'just for the lulz' or whatever. People being unfair and technically wrong isn't some uncommon phenomenon on the internet. Accusations of racism and sexism aren't altogether dissimilar to other unfair, reductive accusations that get tossed around either online, at protests, or wherever. And let's be clear, it's not so easy to hermetically seal attitudes toward racism and sexism from the history of obvious cases which, at the top of your post, you stated you weren't talking about. That might be a useful distinction in a thought experiment but the facts on the ground with respect to people's sentiments toward racism and sexism are informed by the history, and its contemporary continuation, of racial and sexual discrimination and injustice.
Whether any argument is fallacious or not depends a lot on how the argument is formulated and expressed. For instance, an argument can be technically valid if it's weakly worded (e.g. "it necessarily follows that" versus "it's safe to say" or "more likely that"). If we put the argument in the formula: Premise: A is a B Premise: A is also a C Conclusion: Therefore, all Bs are Cs Then it's straightforwardly an association fallacy, though it looks to be worded in such a way to suggest that argument without explicitly making it.
What do you mean by "cultural therapy"? Wittgenstein's own description of the aim of philosophy from *Philosophical Investigations* is "To shew the fly the way out of the fly-bottle." I'm not aware of anything that would make that task cultural, or what that would mean.
Except the analogy is to a free market, so state backing and regulation makes less sense than price-fixing cartels and anti-competitive monopolies. To be fair, though, the free market isn't even a good analogy to the market. And in any case, state interventionism is an idea and, oh boy, does it sell when there's demand.
That looks to be a simple, maybe misleadingly simple, expression of the Transcendental Deduction. To put it another way, Kant argued that our cognition (in that sentence, "human understanding") plays an active role in synthesizing representations (in that sentence, "sense experience") into cognitive content ("knowledge"). The important bit to take from this is that, contrary to the view that the mind is a passive receptacle in which knowledge of world just kind of floods into view the senses, Kant's view is that the mind plays an active role in making the information from our senses into knowledge.
Yeah, that's the broad character of what Kant is doing - what Kant analogized as a 'Copernican revolution' by reversing the traditional relation between subject and object. But of course Kant goes further to detail this process by which these non-empirical concepts of our cognition ('categories,' or 'pure concepts of the understanding') structure and synthesize the manifold of representations into a single representation of a coherent object of our experience. And while this is a *kind* of subjectivity here, placing the subject central to knowledge, it's not a plain sense of, like, opinion or emotion. Kant's after the conditions for the possibility of any experience in general.
Oh, I see. I would say, yes, there's a sense that this isn't just for *philosophers* doing philosophy but applying the different methods, therapies wherever such confusions arise, like in the sciences, so as a broader social service. *Philosophical Investigations* was of course posthumously published, and I don't believe there's much in it from W. himself beyond statements like "The work of the philosopher consists in marshalling reminders for a particular purpose." If it's an expression of Ordinary Language Philosophy, then this sort of work was already underway at Oxford.
That link also explains some difficulties with giving a single, clear sense of "life's meaning," even if we're not about morality. &gt; If talk about meaning in life is not by definition talk about happiness or rightness, then what is it about? There is as yet no consensus in the field. &gt; Although relatively few have addressed the question of whether there exists a single, primary sense of “life's meaning,” the inability to find one so far might suggest that none exists. In that case, it could be that the field is united in virtue of addressing certain overlapping but not equivalent ideas that have family resemblances (Metz 2013, ch. 2).
Can we skip to the part where you live in a remote cabin in Montana?
Better late than never.
I can't think of a place that I've read where Wittgenstein states something like that. Even in early Wittgenstein, the more dogmatic view, Wittgenstein makes it pretty clear that he *doesn't* believe that what cannot be expressed in language doesn't exist: &gt; 6.522 There is indeed the inexpressible. This *shows* itself; it is the mystical. In fact, the final proposition would make little sense *without* the possibility of what one cannot speak: &gt; 7 Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent. Now there might be some difficulty with describing an extra-linguistic experience of some sort *as a "thought"* let alone as an abstract thought, but I think, in either early or late Wittgenstein, there's nothing that would deny such experiences. In fact, knowing Wittgenstein, this dimension of what cannot be said is what's most important.
If we're allowed to interpret "abstract thought" in this question as some private, ineffable experience, then I think there's continuity, just from a view of language that draws a hard limit such that we must pass over in silence (at best, if possible, we can *show*) to a view that, when we actually use language that might seem like we're referring to a private experience, we're actually doing something else: participating in a language-game.
And if you were temporarily duped by that Boston Dynamics parody video back in June, *well then aren't you a stupid piece of shit.*
&gt; If someone writes a book and tells you that the key to his argument is that your senses - including sight, which is required to read his book - exist only to deceive you... Okay, but what about *Critique of Pure Reason*?
When we usually say "so-and-so isn't himself," we mean something like that the person is acting in a way that's strikingly different from their usual behavior, not that they actually are another person than who they are. If you're asking about a different sense of that statement, you might want to clarify.
LAPD looted our Rule 11.
What do you mean by "cosmic nihilism"? This isn't, as far as I'm aware, a term in philosophical literature, so there might not be any distinction.
&gt; and why I have done a 180 from the "social media platforms are private and should be free to do whatever they want", and now think that social media platforms should be heavily regulated to emphasize FREEDOM FOR THE USERS, not freedom for the CORPORATION: &gt; [things other users are free to post that I don't want to see]
And that issue, in my view, is a consequence of a fracturing of the public sphere as the internet matures and users self-select to their preferred spheres of information. Social media companies are then stuck trying to maintain something like the public sphere, which is especially hard as much of the American right has renounced the epistemic authority of traditional news outlets, experts, etc. Social media companies, like broadcast journalism, are easy to blame as profit-seeking corporations (or tools of whatever nefarious agenda) but, really, it's people.
Literally a professional bean counter.
Then you'll probably want to look for African American philosophy rather than African philosophy, which implies philosophy from the African continent. There's probably *too much* to choose from in both regards. However, for an important text in contemporary African American philosophy, though not 21st century, is Cornell West's *Race Matters*. This was written a year after the Rodney King riots, though I don't remember if he mentions it (literally a decade since I read it in my African American Philosophy class).
&gt; existentialism Black existentialism is a critically underappreciated body of work in the history of philosophy in general but specifically existentialism. In my view, the moral character of the existential subject is better borne out through the lens of the black experience than anywhere else, though not to diminish the foundations of the white French philosophers. Probably the most obvious, most pressing, and most radical is Frantz Fanon. Fanon wasn't an American but, rather, from Martinique and studied in France. It's hard not to understate his influence on Africana philosophy, including African American philosophy such as Malcolm X, and he's a foundational figure in postcolonial studies. *The Wretched of the Earth* is his best-known book but *Black Skin, White Masks* is great as well. Fanon is probably the most relevant philosopher to read in the recent wave of protest and unrest in the United States in response to the murder of George Floyd.
Pain isn't an emotion, it's a sensation.
Not really, no.
&gt; A few Red Tribe responded by killing 168 people. I used to think that was a fundamentally monstrous response, but now I'm reconsidering. Hmm. Reconsidering domestic terrorism. For a motte such as this, what's the bailey, huh? Anyway, not the first time I've seen a post on the internet with the tell-tale signs of right wing radicalization.
The answer you're looking for is Nietzsche's discussion of the relation of master and slave morality, which is a central theme of *On the Genealogy of Morality*.
&gt; When slowly working through some literature in philosophy of science and philosophy of math, while also trying to get an overview, I'm under the impression that both disciplines are surprisingly isolated from each other. Are there reasons for that, or haven't I looked in the right places yet? In general, "Philosophy of" sub-fields in philosophy are always going to be rather disanalogous to whatever science they're concerned with because they're doing different things. Philosophy of science is not *doing* science. Some methods and tools will be more useful to scientists than philosophers of science and vice versa. Still, there is overlap. Indispensability arguments in the Philosophy of Mathematics, for example, is directly concerned with the application of mathematics to empirical science. Similarly, though more broadly, if we're considering and contrasting mathematical knowledge from knowledge from empirical sciences, we're squarely doing epistemology. Still, when we do Philosophy of [Something], we'll be specifically more concerned with the theoretical foundations of that [Something] than any other thing, and overlap, wherever that happens, is contingent on the pursuit of those concerns.
&gt; the logic behind the riots remains inconsistent to me (because what you're trying to stop is violence while causing and risking violence) Since no riot is a logical argument any more than a game of golf is, is this surprising? We can talk about arguments given to justify or understand a riot but those aren't the same as any riot *per se*. Rioting is not a new phenomenon in history. The earliest riot that I'm aware of was in ancient Rome in response to the assassination of Julius Caesar. If we want to understand what riots are in general and recently in the United States, we should probably look to the social, political, and material situation in which they arise rather than for some 'logical consistency' in the activity itself removed from these facts. &gt; And oftentimes I'm told that I have to experience "true racism" to understand what these people go through. This is likely a way to get at the particular social, political, and material situation that I mentioned and how these contribute to, if not generate, a riot. I personally think that a sufficient degree of openness, credulity, and empathy can go very far in understanding these things without first-hand experience of their effects but, insofar as people make this sort of claim, they generally mean real knowledge, rather than abstractions, of the particular social, political, and material situation. &gt; I feel though it could be answered by philosophical reasoning. The question of why people riot, either recently or in general, is more a of sociological question. However, the question of how we can know of racism without experience very well might be. I don't believe this sort of statement is a strict claim about knowledge of race-motivated injustice but, as I said, could be an appeal to openness, credulity, and empathy with regard to the social, political, and material situation in which any riot erupts from.
&gt; The problem I have with these riots is it's based off of identity politics which is flawed and deserves to be questioned. All politics deal with identities, particularly in a multicultural, multiracial country like the USA, so I don't know what you mean by this, but I do know that this is a common complaint about the political concerns of racial, sexual, social minorities by the political right in America. If you have questions about identity politics and so on, you might want to submit a new question about that specifically. With respect to the 'logic' of riots, I believe my answer is quite to the point: we need to look at the social, political, and material situations in which they arise. Experiencing these is certainly the most immediate way to understand them as lived realities but, no, I don't think it's strictly necessary.
I don't have the full reading list from my African American Philosophy class from, like, a decade ago, but some that I remember: Frederick Douglass - *Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave* W. E. B. Du Bois - *The Souls of Black Folk* Frantz Fanon - *The Wretched of the Earth* There certainly were others but these stood out to me, not just with respect to the black American experience but as philosophy writ large. Maybe I can look up to see if the class is still taught and update this when I get more time. EDIT: Yep, they still teach it, and amazed at how the electives expanded since I was attending, but no syllabus or reading list. The course description does reference Angela Davis and Martin Luther King, Jr along with those I mentioned above. I know for sure that I read *Are Prisons Obsolete?* but that was for another class specifically concerned with philosophy and incarceration.
Here's the SEP article on free speech that covers important developments in the duscission: https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/freedom-speech/ With respect to Trump's statements and Twitter, the matter of free speech moves away from, as laid out in the First Amendment, prohibiting the government from passing laws which abridge the freedom of speech to the matter of how much control private companies, such as Twitter, can have over speech by users on their platforms.
I don't believe that's an accurate characterization of philosophers in the past in general so you might want to be more specific of who you have in mind.
Just remind them they can always homeschool. Usually shuts 'em up real fast.
Ha! I *am* a grumpy 30-something rapidly approaching full middle-age and I had *Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness* on CD.
Guys, if we pass criminal laws with respect to cops using excessive force in response to resisting arrest, we might have to use appropriate force on cops who resist arrest!
With such an active Twitter presence, my money is that they're too self-involved to homeschool, at least for more than, like, a week.
&gt; Maybe Kierkegaard or Nietzsche wrote about something like this? Kierkegaard wrote in his 1843 journal, "It is perfectly true, as the philosophers say, that life must be understood backwards. But they forget the other proposition, that it must be lived forwards." We find similar sentiment in existentialism generally. Wittgenstein also had such a view: "The real discovery is the one which enables me to stop doing philosophy when I want to. The one that gives philosophy peace, so that it is no longer tormented by questions which bring *itself* into question." (Philosophical Investigations)
First, I'd recommend that you read existential philosophy directly, rather than summaries on the internet, in which existential nihilism has its place. Within this body of work is a critique of a particular sense of meaning, not *all* meaning - indeed, by this view, meaning is found in the living rather than the contemplation of life. Second, I'd recommend scrutinizing the sense behind what it would be for "to enjoy life" to be either logical or illogical. If we mean logical in the sense of explainable or understandable, then of course it is and nothing in existential philosophy would deny that - just critique a particular essentialist view of life.
&gt; Both Jung and Peterson can help you to find insight into yourself and the world. The fact that negative opinions have been expressed about them by others does not mean that they are not valuable. What it does mean is that their views are not universally held. I don't quite see the value of Jordan Peterson's views with respect to affecting change on the world as, in my admittedly second-hand reception of his views, Peterson makes a central point that one must 'clean your room' and 'sort your self out' before seeking larger reforms. Personal improvement is certainly valuable, and so is local activism, community engagement, etc. but the point looks precisely *not* to change the world - don't even try - or at least dedicate yourself to some endless struggle of self-perfection. Maybe I get Peterson wrong on his argument, I haven't read *12 Lessons For Life*, in which case I'm open to be corrected, but what I do know looks really at odds with the OP's interest to affect change on American education. I've certainly read and heard Peterson accuse reformers of nefarious political agendas to destroy western civilization, etc.
A problem with the simple scheme above, however, is that it robs us of understanding the proper place of reason with respect to human psychology. The desire to be reasonable, objective, truth-oriented, etc., while of course more laudable than more immediate, personal desires which would undermine these, is still a wanting like any other. Reason needs to be understood as a *tool* of our wants, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't head reason, truth, etc. when they demonstrate that our initial, surface-level desires are misguided. Disinterested reason *per se* is aimless. When we're aimed toward the truth in any matter, we need to recognize this as an aim, otherwise we'll be confused when we miss our mark. The proper use of reason is not against or independent of what our feelings, emotions, etc. but rather in a harmony with them, both as a means and an end.
&gt; Peterson *has* remarked in the past that reformers are likely to be viewed with suspicion, and that this suspicion may largely be beneficial to society. This is on the basis that [...] The basis I've seen is a myth about the dominance of so-call Postmodern Neo-Marxism, and not merely tempered remarks of suspicion but lectures purporting this myth. &gt; From what I've read of him, Peterson would absolutely champion someone seeking to improve the world for the benefit of those around them, but would suggest that they take the time to internally set themselves in order first, to be sure that the change they manifest is a reflection of the good, held within. I don't see that as contradicting my interpretation, but I also see the task of 'setting one's self in order' to be a perpetual task of living, so no idea what it means to improve one's self to 'maximum capacity' or when that's achieved, at least to *Peterson's* satisfaction. I'm not disposed to assuming that reformers are disordered in their personal matters. On the contrary, I've seen attempts, like the FBI's attempt to blackmail Martin Luther King Jr. with alleged sexual indiscretions, to disrupt and denigrate the personal lives and characters of reformers.
With respect to Wittgenstein's work, it looks like you've read the meat of the lot of it, and then some, so the rest, I'd say, is up to your discretion. As for reading after Wittgenstein, given that you found his later ideas more interesting, you might want to check out other ordinary language philosophers at the time like Gilbert Ryle, J. L. Austin, P. F. Strawson, and others. Personally-speaking, less directly related to Wittgenstein, though certain an influence on his work among others, I'd recommend checking out Wilfrid Sellars. I think Sellar's goal of a synoptic philosophy would be appealing to the metaphilosophical interests of at least some Wittgenstein readers.
&gt; This is a blatant misrepresentation of what he says about “putting your house in order.” I'm surprised that you believe this is a *blatant* misrepresentation. Maybe a misrepresentation of *some* degree but, as far as I know, "Peterson makes a central point that one must 'clean your room' and 'sort your self out' before seeking larger reforms" is basically correct characterization of the view. The rest is my take on that, which I admitted in the comment could be wrong, so I'm a little confused why you'd say either my take or the characterization I've received second-hand is *blatantly* misrepresentative. But for fun, let's look at [Jordan Peterson's chracterizations of Foucault's and Derrida's thought](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBFSDd_5tiE), which, ironically enough, is a characterization *not* based on a direct, pre-conceived-notion-free engagement in their works directly but, rather, Stephen Hick's polemical *Explaining Postmodernism*. Food for thought in relation to your advice. In any case, I agree with you that it's better to engage with a text directly on its own terms than tilting at windmills. I'm very open to a citation in Peterson's work in which he lays out his account on 'putting your house in order' and the possibility of political reform so that I can read it myself.
&gt; it should only be concerned with the truth. Are you sure you want to have such a dogmatic view of reason? Yes, the use of reason is often concerned with matters of truth, but also other practical matters of living: how to get food for dinner, the best way to navigate city streets, how to pay rent, etc. Reason is goal-oriented and, no, reason shouldn't *only* be concerned with the truth as the truth alone doesn't satisfy the needs of living.
My basic point is that reason alone cannot motivate action but, rather, serves our interests, wants, passions, etc., including our desire for truth. Yes, I agree we should desire truth above pleasing falsehoods but this, nevertheless, is a desire, not an aspect of reason alone. You can disagree and say I'm wrong but, no, reason is and can never pretend to be anything other than a servant of our passions.
&gt; Living a slave to your passions won't bring you happiness. You need to make the right choices, and you cannot do that unless you know the truth. It's not a prescription of how to bring happiness but a descriptive thesis on the relation between the mind and behavior. Again, nothing I wrote excludes the notion that truth isn't useful to our ends, of course it is. &gt; That's why asked -- "truth sets you free" -- do you know what it means? I mean, I think you ask it as a red herring to put the point, again, that truth is valuable to our ends in life, i.e. freedom, which I don't disagree with. In fact, by the fact this is something that you feel passionate to convince me of demonstrates that reason *per se*, i.e. in itself, is motivated by values, passions, feelings, etc. and we should desire truth, which I, again, agree with. But I think you'll reply again without reading my replies, insisting that we should be passionate about the truth, as I already am. But this is another matter from what reason is, how it relates to emotion and behavior.
Well, the confrontation with the absurd, i.e. man's need for meaning in a meaningless universe, is, yeah, going to be a bit of a downer. If you want Camus' solution of the absurd hero who, like Sisyphus, knows that the achieving the absurd end is impossible nevertheless finds meaning and joy 'in the journey,' then you might want to re-read *The Myth of Sisyphus*. It's not as if Camus *didn't* write, you know, a whole book to get to the "One must imagine Sisyphus happy" conclusion. If you don't understand that conclusion, you may want to re-familiarize yourself with Camus' reasoning to it. &gt; Please if you could suggest some existentialist texts or viewpoints that reject or counter absurdism, I would be super appreciative. Thomas Nagel's article "The Absurd" responds to Camus, recognizing the absurd, but providing an alternative of an ironic response rather than Camus' heroic revolt. &gt; If a sense of the absurd is a way of perceiving our true situation (even though the situation is not absurd until the perception arises), then what reason can we have to resent or escape it? Like the capacity for epistemological skepticism, it results from the ability to understand our human limitations. It need not be a matter for agony unless we make it so. Nor need it evoke a defiant contempt of fate that allows us to feel brave or proud. Such dramatics, even if carried on in private, betray a failure to appreciate the cosmic unimportance of the situation. If *sub specie aeternitatis* there is no reason to believe that anything matters, then that doesn't matter either, and we can approach our absurd lives with irony instead of heroism or despair. https://philosophy.as.uky.edu/sites/default/files/The%20Absurd%20-%20Thomas%20Nagel.pdf
&gt; The way BLM protests spread to some other countries is super weird, by the way. Google "South Korea BLM protests" and look at the photos, in most of them there aren't any black people and barely any whites, it's just South Koreans but with the BLM signs and everything. It's surreal, like discovering that there's a civilization on Mars and they watch our TV and have a civil strife between supporters of McDonald's vs Burger King despite nobody have ever tasted either. Super weird! Of course there's entirely normal explanations for this, like the fact that any non-Koreans there would be on work/study visas which could be revoked for participating in a protest, beyond just being a very small percentage of the population - 4.9 percent of the population in South Korean are foreign, most of whom are Chinese. And they have both McDonald's and Burger King in South Korea, and their McDonald's taste better than the US equivalent, to be honest.
I'm actually friends with a Korean punk who organized a march in Seoul in solidarity with BLM a few days ago. They got around 130 people out, which is small (especially compared to labor protests) but awesome. So questioning their sincerity pisses me off on a personal level but online bullshit is online bullshit.
Wouldn't be bad if 'alien' were in the sense of belonging to a foreign country, which is strictly correct, rather than, you know, a *space* alien. Maybe it's 'super weird' that South Korea still honors American veterans who visit the country for a war that in the US is called "Forgotten" and "Unknown." And they do watch American TV and movies, and have for a while, contributing to widespread racist attitude toward black people in the country - part of why you only see 130 people out in support of BLM in a city of nearly 10 million.
&gt; Now compare your reaction there to your reaction to this other set of powerless, abused, angry people and contemplate the difference. &gt; &gt; I feel like that's what they were going for. I don't see anywhere in those comments in which their issue with /r/TheMotte's mods is used to understand the BLM movement but rather the other way around. The end of the post isn't a call to empathy with BLM but considering options for how to address whatever their issue with mods are.
I mean, they're now rubbing each other's bellies over the idea that we don't 'get' their analogy. https://www.reddit.com/r/TheMotte/comments/gyvay9/george_floyd_protest_megathread/fth31em/ And the analogy is pretty clear as regarding authority and over-policing, except on one hand you have a history of deaths of unarmed black men at the hands of police and the other something a particular mod did that upset the right-wingers, I don't know the details. At the end, the question they ask themselves is what do with ~~police brutality~~ a mod.
&gt; What is everyone listening to? (taking over from /u/shitgenstein) Much thanks. This week, for no reason known to me, I've been listening mostly to VU/Lou Reed. *White Light/White Heat* and *Transformer*, exclusively. Maybe something about this summer, back-dropped by fear and loathing, just makes me want to listen to "The Gift." Just downloaded the new Run the Jewels album this morning but probably won't have until the weekend to dive into it. So far digging "Ooh La La" most and was happy to hear a sample of Gang of Four's "Ether" on another track.
&gt; trying to mimic American activism, especially during a pandemic. How are they trying to mimic American activism? What's uniquely American about these protests, other than in solidarity with the BLM movement and associated phrases?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haymarket_affair https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mamaroneck_riot https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pana_riot https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado_Labor_Wars https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Textile_workers_strike_(1934) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memphis_sanitation_strike
I'm glad that you see that your assertion that rioting is always against workers is, as history shows, bunk, just as your characterization of the current social unrest, which in reality is in response to the excessive use of violence by police on black people in the USA.
&gt; I said the current riots The word "current" doesn't show up anywhere in that comment, at least at the time of this reply, nor any sort of reference to the current situation. In fact, you assert: &gt; Riot is the voice of the privileged. A blanket statement on rioting in general. In any case, as a characterization of the current unrest, it's divorced from reality as even a casual observer of the protests would recognize.
I have no idea whether they're employed or not. I do know that the unemployment in the US is at its highest level since the Great Depression. I also know that the reason for the unrest is the history of excessive use of violence by police on black people in the USA.
If anyone hasn't listened to Einstürzende Neubauten, they should listen to Einstürzende Neubauten immediately.
Søren Kierkegaard had a radically new way of doing philosophy. Instead of presenting his views directly with a series of arguments in support or a , etc., Kierkegaard used a series of pseudonyms presenting different perspectives - none of them any more specifically Kierkegaard's than another - as a kind of dialectic to lead the individual reader to the Christian faith. For Kierkegaard, the Christian faith isn't about repeating dogma or being convinced by some theological argument but, rather, is a matter of individual subjective passion, and this method of 'indirect communication' via pseudonyms is to motivate the reader to that end. As such, it's not really something that can be distilled as a straightforward, impersonal description - you need to read the books! However, one way this is described is that, through these pseudonyms, Kierkegaard leads the reader through three forms of life, each greater than the last: the aesthetic life, the ethical life, and the religious life. The 'leap of faith' (which, worth noting, isn't an expression that Kierkegaard used) is more of a leap *into* faith in the sense of this final form or stage of life.
&gt; To me this honestly seems like posting a black square on instagram. Seemingly meaningful but practically useless for combating racial injustice. Which is why we've provided links to donate and join local activism. It's not in /r/badphilosophy's power to make individuals act to combat racial injustice. And, no, showing solidarity isn't meaningless. &gt; I don’t see this move centring discussions of race, but rather lowering the quality of discussion on this sub. If you don't see the value is giving a spotlight to philosophy which is most relevant now, you're free to take a hiatus from the sub. This sub was never for discussion, so you might want to just generally re-evaluate why you come here.
&gt; The privilege you have to have to believe that changing reddit discourse is in any way comparable to actual acts of solidarity is unreal. The solidarity is in speaking out rather than remaining silent, pretending as though everything is fine. Actual action, again, is at the individual level. &gt; But the rest just feels hollow. As it states, we don't care about your feelings. Feel however you'd like. I've seen more than enough times in which 'feelings' are used to maintain an unjust status quo. That you will not see what we do as individuals in action does not mean we won't be acting. We're not doing any of this for attention or praise for this subreddit or its moderators. If it drives away racists and fence-sitters, that is a victory. &gt; People will worry that the things they normally posts won’t fit the new rules, so they won’t post. The alternative was to remain closed, which is the same result.
Not just an important book in the history of the black American experience or in the history of American literature generally but the fight between Douglass and Covey remains an important philosophical moment with respect to violence, recognition, and dignity. More can be read here: https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/frederick-douglass/#ViolSelfResp
I don't know if there's a /r/askphilosophy FAQ post that addresses that conspiracy theory but, if there isn't one, some flaired commenter with expertise on Adorno and Horkheimer, and others, might want to make one.
Definitely! If I were designing a course on the master-slave dialectic in philosophy, Douglass would be right there along with Hegel, particularly how they differ.
&gt; I’ll go get fucked. In the times of social distancing, I figure most of us want to.
I bet this person doesn't even know about the red pandas.
&gt; Our rules literally state that bans are handed out left and right, may change at any second, and if you look at any of the old threads, banhammers are everywhere. That's the spirit of the sub. I'm not sure whether that is rational, and it is for sure not a deliberative action only applying to this post. The secret of secrets is that everyone has already been condemned to be banned the moment they make one comment or submission. It's by the favor of the mods which delays the act. To be banned is to fall out of that favor.
Since this is for an intro philosophy class, I'm assuming that you've reading, at least the section in which "The unexamined life is not worth living" appears, of the *Apology*. It's worth remembering that this quote comes toward the end of the Socrates' trial, he's been found guilty, and there's discussion of Socrates' punishment, to which Socrates responds to the possibility of exile and abandoning philosophy: &gt; Someone will say: Yes, Socrates, but cannot you hold your tongue, and then you may go into a foreign city, and no one will interfere with you? Now I have great difficulty in making you understand my answer to this. For if I tell you that this would be a disobedience to a divine command, and therefore that I cannot hold my tongue, you will not believe that I am serious; and if I say again that the greatest good of man is daily to converse about virtue, and all that concerning which you hear me examining myself and others, and that the life which is unexamined is not worth living - that you are still less likely to believe. And yet what I say is true, although a thing of which it is hard for me to persuade you. Moreover, I am not accustomed to think that I deserve any punishment. Had I money I might have proposed to give you what I had, and have been none the worse. But you see that I have none, and can only ask you to proportion the fine to my means. However, I think that I could afford a minae, and therefore I propose that penalty; Plato, Crito, Critobulus, and Apollodorus, my friends here, bid me say thirty minae, and they will be the sureties. Well then, say thirty minae, let that be the penalty; for that they will be ample security to you.
&gt;Alright, ratpill me. Reading this made me want to take a shower.
The full proposition is this: &gt; 6.54 My propositions serve as elucidations in the following way: anyone who understands me eventually recognizes them as nonsensical, when he has used them—as steps—to climb beyond them. (He must, so to speak, throw away the ladder after he has climbed up it.) &gt; He must transcend these propositions, and then he will see the world aright. Obviously Wittgenstein is not claiming that his propositions, i.e. the whole of the *Tractatus*, is literally a ladder - this is a metaphor. And, in this proposition, Wittgenstein gives us a few details that highlight the way in which his propositions are like a ladder: to be used, as steps, to be climbed beyond. More directly, the *Tractatus* aims toward a particular view about the limits of language in general, such that attempts to speak beyond those limits are nonsensical in the strict sense that Wittgenstein laid out in the preceding pages. However, once we come to this view, in reflection, we see that these propositions are nonsensical by the same sense - one has transcended the propositions and then sees the world aright.
Contemporary critique of Kant's ethics is, from what I've seen, very involved with these concerns. Most of what I've read, though, has to do with Kant's views on women and Kantian ethics which include women in the kingdom of ends. Get Christine Korsgaard's *Creating the Kingdom of Ends* for a general effort toward a Kantian moral philosophy that is particular relevant to that and other contemporary problems. With specific relevance to philosophy of race, just googling, I found Arnold Farr's paper [*Can a Philosophy of Race Afford to Abandon the Kantian Categorical Imperative?*](https://doi.org/10.1111/1467-9833.00121), for an example. As I understand it, there's contention on the relationship with Kant's ethics on one side, in which contemporary Kantians argue is compatible, if not essential, to a theory of ethics which respects black folks as rational agents and all that entails, and critics who show how Kant's anthropology relates to his teleology which informs his ethics. See [*Kantian Racism and Kantian Teleology*](https://www.oxfordhandbooks.com/view/10.1093/oxfordhb/9780190236953.001.0001/oxfordhb-9780190236953-e-46) for the latter concern. I'm already on board with Kant-influenced moral constructivism, so wherever we find Kant excluding people of color from the recognition of their rational agency, well then, we can yeet that shit to the flames.
For a poignant, personal take on the events that led to the Black Live Matters movement, presented here as a countermeasure to selective memories.
H. L. Mencken was a cultural critic very influenced by Nietzsche but he was not a Nietzsche scholar. *The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche* might have been the best introduction to Nietzsche in the Anglo-American sphere in 1907 but scholarship has really come much further along since then. I'd recommend something more recent. [Here's the /r/askphilosophy FAQ on where to start with Nietzsche.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskPhilosophyFAQ/comments/4hygh4/nietzsche_in_what_order_should_i_read_him_what/)
&gt; given his very recent, very public and very as of yet not renounced transphobia I assume you're referring to *Sticks &amp; Stones* from last year. No, the qualifier of 'good non-philosophy' is not a statement of everything the person in the link ever said, or even recently said. The qualifier is *just* the statements contained in the link. I think this satisfactorily answers your concerns. And let's not be naive here. The black American community has it's own troubled history with recognizing homosexuality in general and transexuality in general. Those are matters that are certainly worth attention and we invite those voices in relation to the excessive force by police on unarmed black men, but please don't leverage these matters to silence the immediate one.
With respect to #6, if you ever make the LA to San Francisco drive, or vice versa, stop off at Casa De Fruta. Have lunch at the diner. Pick up a pie or taffy before you go. Lovely spot.
And, at the same time, companies that use prison labor feature it in their PR as providing job training, etc., even though a criminal record remains a massive barrier to employment. Per the actions of the American Legislative Exchange Council, and their corporate donors, we now have a prison–industrial complex, contributing to higher incarceration rates and longer sentences under the name of being "tough on crime" but really for cheap labor.
Whatever the opposite a sneer is for this reply: &gt; Half the posts on this subreddit legitimately seem to come from people who have never left their apartment. Now if only this observation could be used with respect to culture war rhetoric...
Chapter 6 is Abolitionist Alternatives. It's 10 pages long.
I remember a while ago, like fours years ago or more, a question on here and someone saying that, yeah, Kant scholars are critical of Meillassoux' interpretation of Kant as 'correlationist.' Couldn't give you citations on those critiques, though. You might want to make a regular post for that.
What are you listening to? Over the weekend, I saw a /r/til post, or maybe something in youtube recommendations, about Hanatarash's bulldozer show and reminded me of Yamataka Eye's other band, Boredoms. So I've been listening to this again: *Super æ* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUSGujidgns This whole album is less a collection of recordings and more of a religious experience. If you have a hill in your area that overlooks the city or town, I recommend listening this there, maybe with the sunrise, like I did the first time over a decade ago in my dorm room overlooking San Franisco.
&gt; read too much continental philosophy ',:-l
&gt; a stereotypical rationalist &gt; neoliberalism (which I’m proud to identity as tbh It really bothers me when people use these terms so matter-of-factly. Obviously you mean in the sense of the way these terms are used online, such as LessWrong and /r/neoliberalism, but those senses, too, are vague as hell. I assume this is all based on an appreciation, in some ways normative and others descriptive, of rationality writ large: I want to be as rational as possible but also economics is explained by idealized rational individuals, or something? While I suppose there's overlap, there's not really enough to conflate them in the way the OP does, and both are too broad for me to think of relevant contrasting reading recommendations. I don't know, read *Thinking, Fast and Slow* and *Freakonomics*. A lot of the armchair psychology and fetishism of 'weird but smart' takes seem to me, from my chosen distance, attempting to imitate these popular books. For recommendations, I suggest just learning more about psychology, economics, and philosophy in your classes and not internet blogs and fanfics. Someone at some point put the it succinctly of internet rationalism: where it isn't bad, it's unoriginal. And you'll see how this is the case after a formal education on the subjects.
And that label was *already* confusing af *before* obnoxious internet irony.
&gt; How can I clarify my thinking about this, one way or another? I'd suggest learning more about the history of science in general, but especially in the 19th century, including political economy, the development of sociology, and the other social sciences generally.
It's entry-level Hempel but I appreciate this reply.
Here's the Wikipedia on that translation: &gt; Thomas Common published a translation in 1909 which was based on Alexander Tille's earlier attempt.[11] Common wrote in the style of Shakespeare or the King James Version of the Bible. Common's poetic interpretation of the text, which renders the title Thus Spake Zarathustra, received wide acclaim for its lambent portrayal. Common reasoned that because the original German was written in a pseudo-Luther-Biblical style, a pseudo-King-James-Biblical style would be fitting in the English translation. &gt; The Common translation remained widely accepted until more critical translations, titled Thus Spoke Zarathustra, were published by Walter Kaufmann in 1954,[10] and R.J. Hollingdale in 1961,[citation needed] which are considered to convey more accurately the German text than the Common version. Kaufmann's introduction to his own translation included a blistering critique of Common's version; he notes that in one instance, Common has taken the German "most evil" and rendered it "baddest", a particularly unfortunate error not merely for his having coined the term "baddest", but also because Nietzsche dedicated a third of The Genealogy of Morals to the difference between "bad" and "evil".[11] This and other errors led Kaufmann to wonder whether Common "had little German and less English".[11] The translations of Kaufmann and Hollingdale render the text in a far more familiar, less archaic, style of language, than that of Common. *Thus Spoke Zarathustra* was published at the time Nietzsche was both alive and of sound mind. Nietzsche's sister didn't contribute in the editing of this book, this is just an introduction of that particular translation. The book that was, in part, arranged by Elisabeth Förster-Nietzsche from Nietzsche unpublished notes (*Nachlass*) is *The Will to Power*. This was done during Nietzsche's mental incapacity and published after his death.
Usually, from what I can tell, the association is based on Rousseau's views on private property generally and the origin of social inequality. This is viewed as similar enough to Marx's views on private property within his larger critique of capitalism, which some choose to sidestep, that there's an assumption of a direct lineage but this looks like an instance of *post hoc ergo propter hoc*. Two major events that separate their philosophies were the French revolution and the industrial revolution, which probably shouldn't be glossed over, particularly the latter with respect to Marx.
Before getting to the philosophical questions about language and ethics, it's important to note that black people are *not* monolithic on most things but especially on this matter. In fact, the meaning and use of the n-word is often a point of difference between older and younger generations of black Americans, with the former tending to view it as categorically disparaging and the latter having more casual uses of the word. However, even in the latter sense including, as you said, in a friendly manner, this may also be specified as a term of community which is informed by the shared history of racism in America, such that a non-black person using the term might not be so much as *offensive* in the way of an insult but just *off* by this person not being a part of that community by that history. A useful philosophical concept for understanding how the n-word, just as any word, could have different meanings and uses would be Wittgenstein's language-game, such that the n-word does one thing in one language-game and something else in another.
&gt; Molyneux was, "not a controversial figure in 2017, Well that sure as fuck is false. Also "controversial figure."
In general, Molyneux was a libertarian crank who went further to the right over the years. SPLC has some choice references to the dude's racism around 2014-15 but the dude was encouraging young adults to break all communication with their parents (or "deFOO") back in 2007.
Right. Molyneux might have been controversial, like, half a decade ago, but dude's moved well beyond that at this point.
Hey, man, it takes a high IQ to be able to read auras * ~ *rationally.* ~ *
tfw when the trap you laid that race bait in snaps on your own hand instead
&gt; I know this sounds a bit elitist but I don't want SSC and this subreddit to get more popular than it needs to be. Tbh, I've felt the same thing about /r/badphilosophy for years, but we're also elite as fuck, *but but* there're also things to be said about knowing the subject matter, the norms of discourse, the community, etc. I don't care about /r/ssc, like, a sliver less than at all, but I feel the concerns of their regulars, at least in kind rather than content.
&gt; and sad over the amount of hate and violent language and attitude that is cultivated here. What are some examples of this hate and violent language and attitude that you see? &gt; I know, it is called 'sneer' club for a reason. I'm not under the assumption that a sneer implies hate or violence so no idea what this reason is that you seem to think entails these things. &gt; because I find HBD interesting as a hypothesis, yet I *know* that I am not racist. Okay. How do you feel about interracial marriage and miscegenation? &gt; But I just cannot understand, it absolutely doesn't compute, how anybody could think such things about me and people like me. Of course there are people among rationalists who are not nice people, even racists or sexists. But the majority of them are not. Yeah, we're sneering at the bad bits. We've had this unsolicited PSA before, you know - a few times. I'd recommend letting up on taking internet rationalism so centrally as a personal identity.
&gt; I understand that this depends on the video quality, And since YouTube content is user-generated, this is highly variable. &gt; but please rate YouTube as a whole source ignoring individual video quality. In general, there's far more low quality than high quality stuff on the platform just by the fact that it's easier to produce a low-researched hot take over a well-researched, thorough exegesis of philosophy. There's no standards of scholarship, editorial review, peer review, qualifications, etc. for producing a YouTube video. The format itself encourages the short and simple over the long and nuanced. I'd definitely not recommend it as a primary introductory resource to philosophy, but much of it fine as supplementary.
&gt; would rather go to the philosophy more centered around psychology, physics, metaphysics, and the nature of existence itself and also philosophers who talk about how to act like stoicism and stuff. There's a lot of philosophy that deals with these subjects. You can read them. &gt; would rather go to the philosophy more centered around psychology, physics, metaphysics, and the nature of existence itself and also philosophers who talk about how to act like stoicism and stuff. The ancient Greeks were very important to the subjects that you say you would rather go to. Plato and Aristotle, for two obvious examples, discuss physics, metaphysics, psychology, how to act, etc. There are many other philosophers who touch on these matters as well. As for the rest of your questions, you don't need to read any more philosophy than you want to, for as much time as you'd like. If you don't like tons of reading, you can also take online introduction to philosophy classes. Here's the FAQ on how to start in philosophy: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskPhilosophyFAQ/comments/4ifqi3/im_interested_in_philosophy_where_should_i_start/
Reading Plato's dialogues, if you haven't, is probably the most traditional way. There's more to it than that, though, of course, but they are quite brilliant in this regard. The best sort of education in this kind of thing is exposure. There's some handy language and formal work with respect to critical analysis but ~~the best~~ a great way to get better is to just develop a sense for these things, e.g. seeing critical arguments in discussions.
Phenomenology, from what I've heard, is alive and strong, so, no, post-structuralism didn't mark the end of it. It's not even clear to me *why* we should suppose that post-structuralism would entail the end of phenomenology - but that's not the case anyway.
&gt; feeding the thoughts Not sure what this means. &gt; So if I doubt why can't the doubt also be fed by the evil. In that case how can I prove I exist.. The cogito argument is precisely that "I am" derives from "I think" (or "I doubt") alone, no appeal to any proposition outside that - so, again, no sure what "fed by the evil" is referring to. Doubting is not analogous to sense perception.
Apart from the matter at hand, the article you cite as the "anti-video-games position" is rather egregious in how it characterizes philosophy: &gt; Much of American culture has obscured this idea of leisure. Pragmatist John Dewey, often considered the father of American public education, taught that learning is primarily about experimentation and creating new reality (he was, no surprise, a relativist). Friedrich Nietzsche, whose thought has also seeped deep into Western culture, urged men to will and act in such a way that they can transcend traditional ideas and values, creating new values. &gt; This kind of educational paradigm focused on creating and manipulating leaves young people suffering from acedia, or a “deep-seated lack of calm which makes leisure impossible.” Like, that's a way bad characterization of Dewey and his philosophy of education, and Nietzsche's philosophy is radically life-affirming in the sense that the author was espousing just a paragraph or two before, and that their influence of 'creating and manipulating' created some educational paradigm is... oof. The author admits their own struggle with video game addiction and the article reads like it's informed almost exclusively by their own regret rather than a sober consideration of the worth-whileness of video games, or any recreational activity.
The single most important figure of the Transcendentalist movement was Ralph Waldo Emerson.
From my experience reading both roughly around the same time, I'd say they're neither enemies nor partners but, rather, both concerned with the same or similar project, that is, a critique of philosophy/philosophical language in favor of a more clear (Wittgenstein) or originary (Heidegger) relationship with the world. Yet they are radically different in their linguistic approaches, with Wittgenstein seeking to draw the limits of language in general, either showing how philosophical language goes beyond those limits and/or untangling the misuse of language and Heidegger's project of fundamental ontology and 'destrukting' the the Western philosophical tradition (onto-theological metaphysics, metaphysics of presence, etc.) I've personally found them complementary enough in this metaphilosophical way as useful alternative perspectives toward the same or similar critique.
Fanon is without a doubt a provocative philosopher, but his provocations almost 60 years later beat at the heart of the contemporary movement. By its history, the United States of America is colonial and, by the importation of African slaves, *colonial upon colonial* but in such a way that the colonized are unmoored and displaced from the site of colony - at once foreign and 'foreigned.' Nevertheless, and against powerful odds, the history of the rooting of the black experience in America, including the robust social, cultural, and artist expression which has done this work, has become undeniable and inextricable to the history of the United States of America itself. Even today, the colonial relation represents itself through police action and policies (profiling, the prison-industrial complex, qualified immunity) on black communities. I invite the reader to be challenged by this text, not just in general but to the contemporary fight for the recognition that black lives matter in America.
&gt; Which means we move into the space of historical legacy... here communities which have been "shafted" by past inequalities are still struggling with the repercussions decades later. History is deeply influential on the present so I have no problem with the idea that a legacy effect can be felt in the present even though the historical cause was a long time ago. A significant form of this that has and continues to effect the economic mobility of black Americans is redlining and racial segregation in American cities. In the summer of 2015, I visited by brother in St. Louis, this being the year after the protests in Ferguson, and being there really drove home for me the reality of how the very urban geography perpetuates race-class divisions, alongside other things like militarized police. Such 'baked in' race-class segregation is present in a number of major cities in the United States of America. I'd say that this is definitely an important aspect of systematic racism in America, though not the whole story. EDIT: [Here's a great article on the ongoing effects of segregationist public policies on Ferguson, which are duplicated in most major cities in the USA,](https://www.epi.org/publication/making-ferguson/) by the non-profit, non-partisan American think tank Economic Policy Institute.
*At the Existentialist Cafe* by Sarah Bakewell
Nah, no. Fuck off. No more 'live and let be' with racists and bigots. No more quarter for communities that cradle, encourage, and radicalize them. Reddit isn't the internet. They can fuck off to some obscure corner of the web to sit and spin. Crying censorship is a transparent con.
It's like you think racists don't already have echo chambers elsewhere. Stormfront predates Reddit by almost a decade and certainly wasn't the first community of white supremacists. Their echo chambers are effective containment. And it makes it that much more difficult for them to wear the political moderate mask. &gt; and it becomes an ideological echo chamber in each community and moderates shift into each category. What tf are you even on about. Politics isn't a thermal equilibrium and political difference isn't determined by the third law of motion. Imagine being so centrist that you demand representation of fringe, extreme views.
Just rationally overlooking that black Americans in general, not limiting by gender or age, make up about 13% of the population of United States and white Americans around 76%, by the [2019 Census](https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/US/PST045219).
&gt; Aristotle does indeed argue against activities pursued for pleasure and happiness I suppose you mean for pleasure's or happiness' sake as distinct from *eudemonia*. &gt; Part of this argument is in the Nicomachean Ethics Book 10 vi-vii and part in the Politics VII xv onwards. The translation I have in front of me calls it 'cultured leisure' but noble leisure is fine as well. Thank you for the book numbers. I still don't see any references to 'noble leisure' or 'cultured leisure' in my copy but I suppose this gets close enough: &gt;&gt; For men must be able to engage in business and go to war, but leisure and peace are better; they must do what is necessary and indeed what is useful, but what is honorable is better. As well as leisure that is aim toward the cultivation of virtue in contrast to leisure which does not. &gt; This is a doctrine of appropriateness relative to the agent and the situation and not a doctrine of moderation. And yet the appropriateness is a mean between, and therefore avoiding, the extremes of deficiency and excess, i.e. a moderation. You'd agree, at least, that virtue for Aristotle is found in a mean between extremes of deficiency and excess, and that we should pursue virtue, yes?
Which would imply that SneerClubbers are those two French tourists that singed a quokka with a lighter and an aerosol spray. *Fuck that.*
Fortunately the little guy hops away in time that it singes its outer fur. Definitely not as horrible as some of the shit I saw as a bored suburban kid in the early 00's.
[THIS PHILOSOPHER DISCOVERED ONE WEIRD TRICK TO DERIVE OBJECTIVE MORALITY FROM MAN'S RATIONAL SELF-INTEREST. MYSTICS AND PARASITES HATE HER!!](#aynrand)
&gt; Like most people who got into the rationalist community, I struggle with social cues and normal social interaction sometimes, and I'm a programmer. Respecting taboos doesn't come naturally to me, and it feels like I genuinely don't know what things I'm "not allowed" to say because I could get in some sort of trouble over them, whether it's "cancelling" on Twitter or something as serious as losing a job IRL. One thing you could do is learn about the history of how and why anything is taboo, with empathy, among a people. For Americans, an 'Irish Car Bomb' is a name of a cocktail but, in Ireland, it's a reference to carbombing during the Troubles, which is taboo. Why is it taboo? Because people they know - family, friends, neighbors - were *murdered* and maimed in the violence. I don't buy that it'd be a struggle for you, as a stand in for anyone, to imagine a bartender being reasonably put off by some customer ordering a drink by the name of the thing that killed their uncle. Not knowing is one thing, not caring is another. You don't need a special awareness to social cues, etc. - learn how to ask questions in ways that demonstrate your genuine ignorance and desire to learn, learn about the social history of the people you interact with, stop using "I'm a programmer" as an excuse. &gt; (like of course HBD is harmful/racist?) Like learning the history of scientific racism and its use in justifying slavery, segregation, social and economic suppression.
[It is a Big Suck for sure.](#schopenhauer)
"I've never seen a Bong Joon-Ho movie before and only barely saw this one." And if his films weren't obvious, it's public record that Joon-Ho used to be a member of the socialist New Progressive Party, which has since dissolved. While more soft left than hard, his lefty credentials are undeniable.
*The Host* depicts Antifa violence via molotov cocktails against chemo-industrial biodiversity, a searing critique of eco-fascism and a justification of US military waste management. Fuck, that was hard to bullshit.
It continues to surprise me how often "A Christmas Carol" comes to mind with respect to my views on the relation between the individual and society. Every Christmastime, I end up quoting it in someway. Mankind was my business! But mostly I lean into an ironic Malthusian miser because it's fun and ridiculous.
&gt;Ontopic, wasnt David Foster Wallace outed as a horrible sexist? He stalked and abused Mary Karr, a famous essayist in her own right whom he had a relationship, for months.
Not that I'm aware of, and such a view in these terms, you know, looks to be immediately incoherent on the basis that any concept of insanity is dependent on some conception of sanity. Insanity is a deviation from some concept of normalcy, but if there's no normalcy, then there can be no deviation. We *can* talk about critiques and repudiations of the concept of sanity, but I'm not sure that's quite the same as the claim that everyone is insane, which is nearly, if not entirely, meaningless. For critiques of sanity (and more broadly mental disorder, etc.) as a subjective value judgment of normalcy by psychiatrists or political abuses of psychiatry, you can find these in literature related to the [anti-psychiatry movement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-psychiatry)
How about the fact that Mongolian BBQ is neither Mongolian nor BBQ but, rather, Taiwanese stir fry. Loved the Great Khan's spot at my hometown mall but, oof, that big-tooth, side-eyeing mascot is racist af.
Now I wonder the chance of NYT writing a positive article without using Scott Alexander's article, plus a editor's note why, and the SSC community deciding it's a hit piece anyway.
&gt; I am I right here, or have I misunderstood all this completely? The latter. Political thought is not actually reducible to two sides, right and left, even though this is often a convenient and repeatable way of characterizing political differences. One can, and people often do, hold different views on what matters a government should be "small" or "big," such as in economic policy, domestic matters, social welfare, social values, role in international affairs both economically and militarily, etc. Rather than approaching political philosophy by attempting to put philosophers in these boxes, it's more fruitful to actually read and consider political philosophers on their own terms. &gt; If I have a negative conception of human nature (I do), then should I be more attracted to right or left wing politics? Having a "negative conception of human nature" isn't specific enough for any sort of answer. You might think people can be saved through some particular religion, you might think people can be forced to behave well through fear of violence, you might think people can be incentivized to behave well through tax credits and subsidizes, or you might be a thorough-going misanthrope who shuns society in general for a hut in rural Idaho and therefore as no need of politics. Or you can have totally common political views. A "negative conception" is almost entirely meaningless here.
*looks at account balance of eyes* "Oof."
&gt; We humans value ourselves which is why we say things like that. We can value things other than ourselves. Ants aren't likely among them, though.
Well, first, I'd say that it's not particularly sensible to talk about worth *per se*, that is, in some independent, objective view from nowhere. There are some things which are objective, certainly, but it's not clear that worth *per se* is such a thing, and if it *is* then we're closer to answering the question, since that's what we're asking. Some might say a god or human reason or some other such thing. Lacking that, *we*, what we value, make a person's life worth more than an ant's. An ant is only peripherally a part of our world just as ours is to an ant's. There are many more ants than humans on the planet (astronomically more, a myrmecologist might estimate) and they're far older than humanity as we know it. Most ants likely have never encountered a human, even in our Anthropocene age. But what worth are *you*, particularly, to any ant, particularly? Not at all. You aren't a part of the ant's world. If an ant could speak, we would not understand him.
A further point worth mentioning (ha) is that we don't need to have some strict, conservative consideration of what matters to us. Ants in general likely matter *a lot* to us in their role in the ecology of the planet, even if we don't immediately see this value in our day-to-day lives. Ants in general likely matter a lot to a myrmecologist who finds them so interesting as to study them. Personally speaking, ants are fascinating and I value them in the same way I value any natural life, even if I don't have the awareness to avoid stepping on some in my day-to-day life. The important bit here, though, is that the basis of worth is by beings for whom anything can have worth. Even in entertaining a theological answer, we'd need a being, namely God, for whom anything would have worth.
I'd also stress that "The Way" entails natural or evenly heavenly 'flow.' In the English lexicon, 'going with the flow' can mean an entirely social sense - not rocking the boat, going along to get along, etc. These things aren't necessarily opposed but this an important note for interpreting for Western expressions.
Peterson, as far as I know from skimming *Maps of Meaning*, demonizes others as hating reason, and stuff like that, but has his own critique of rationalism, scientific reasoning, modernism, etc. in general senses. He's Jungian woo but also dips into "leftists, minorities, whoever are agents of chaos" or some shit when those things jilt the woo. It's like his appeal to biology; contingent on its use to his worldview-as-primal-truth.
Bayes like checking FiveThirtyEight and reconsidering one's influencer cred.
Nobody linked the top comment to /r/badphilosophy. That said &gt; Now, you can apply this pattern very broadly, to describe the foundations of epistemology Is probably the statement closest to actually concerning Hegel's dialectical method. The rest is the usual "thesis, antithesis, synthesis" simplification abstracted even from attempting to describe Hegel, now attributed to "Kant or Hegel or Marx." It's more the author's thoughts on a general idea of dialectical social history in relation to the Caesar's inept reading of Hegel.
