Why didn't the dm do a session with the new player-characters?
How often do you switch? What happens to the dm's character? Is it a big narrative or a "adventure of the week" kind of thing?
You really want to think about it. And doing a big over arching narrative takes planning, which you can't do if you only have 4-8 hours. Or will every dm know the exact plot? What if a dm inserts a specific treasure hoard for his character? How are you going to keep people in check?
I agree with your result, but not your reasoning. I don't think there's a tangible example for this and thuse we can't look at the books for express guidance. I would reason that if you gain a power that explicitly state that you adhere to a different status quo, you can ignore other references to previous status quo (in this case 'stats max at 20'). I don't think stat bumbs go in 'escrow' when you gain feats, at least not raw. That said, why not? It's not like balance is a really concern past level 13.
Time for him to do some personal growth and get over himself. I don't have any other advice then to point out that he doesn't have to come up with the rules, he only has to enforce them as they appear in the book. If the book says you can do something, his opinion does not matter and if he thinks it does 'because he's the dm', he doesn't understand what it means 'to play a game'. It needs to be fun for those involved. GL, but remember: "no dnd is better than bad dnd" and [you could always be the dm] (https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlUk42GiU2guNzWBzxn7hs8MaV7ELLCP_)
You can't wear heavy armour, so pick a race that gets weapon proficiencies (short swords or whips) and go with dex. Wis, con (16 is plenty) and dex in that order + stats for which ever skills you picked. I'll send you a balanced spell list in a bit. (you are THE healer or just want a bit of healing?)
(have a gander at the 'channel divinity', after hitting you can do an additional 5+(2*cleric level), so melee is accurate)
Spell list time. (from just the phb) *cantrips:* - Chill touch* (ghost fist punch) - guidance, - light - spare the dying - toll the dead - thaumaturgy 1 - bane - bless - cure wounds¿ - false life* - guiding bolt¿ - healing word - ray of sickness* - shield of faith 2 - Blindness/deafness - prayer of healing¿ - ray of enfeeblement - spiritual weapon (note that this is NOT a concentration spell and very important for your action economy) - warding bond 3 - animate dead* - dispel magic - spirit guardians (important if you are going to stand in the front) - vamparic touch* 4 - Blight* - death ward* - guardian of faith - stoneshape 5 - antilife shell* - cloudkill* - raise dead (surprisingly, not a domain spell. 6 - harm - heal ¿ - true seeing 7 - conjure celestial (read this spell and talk to your dm about it, you can't jump him with this) - firestorm - regenerate 8 - earth quake 9 - mass heal. *domain spell and unchangeable. ¿ Compare to party list and maybe switch it out.
If you have "XGE" switches out all the ¿ for XGE spells.
Make it easy for yourself, make the party level up. That way you don't accidentally kill them with good dice.
So it doesn't blend with touch spells. So your point stands. With 'inflict wounds' i came to a 79 vs 84 with gwm.
&gt;He's basically inspired by Batman, if Batman was raised by the League of Shadows and believed in their ideology. We call that character "Damian Wayne"
Ik hoorden um niet, collega's krijgen hem 15 mins later. Leuk.
~~2d6 hunter's mark?~~ It's a crit
I noticed that to
You can buy what ever you need and sponsor the it for the group. But players need to buy their own dice, so you know that they are invested and you're not wasting your time. If you pay for everything they don't have to make it work, you do.
Absolutely not! 1 level of exhaustion is devastating mid combat, let alone 3! If you do this, nerf it and nerf it hard!
Good add, if op multi-classes. Goblins get overlooked often for classes that don't have a lot of bonus useful bonus action (archer fighters, paladin's, druids), but it's not a good race for full cleric because of spiritual weapon. (imo)
It's funny and sad. I love that rangers get it, but not at a cool moment. It's at the very end.
Have you looked at 'tensers transformation' ?
In short: L2P
Now for the judgement. Why does it get 2 enhanced skill proficiencies? I would reduce it to one (subraces or variants maybe) If they're attracted to magic, wouldn't 'detect magic' be appropriate? I would also remove the +1 int, it does not fit with the "broken selfs" lore. They're mindless servants to vecna, not wizards.
&gt;If you see the changes I made This is the only version i know of. &gt;you’ll see I removed expertise on Insight, so the only enhanced skill is advantage on perception checks using sight. And that insight skill? Does that not enhancing the proficiency? Give more uses for it?
It's in the title, it's in the post, whatever else would we be talking about?
Half elf is one of the most op races because of it and the skills the nothic gets are 'must pick' skills. You're not giving away animal handeling. Half elf doesn't get a whole lot more Yours does. It gets claws, a cantrip like power, meta powers, it's not comparable.
I have a beholder in the works that will only turn hostile when the party wants to leave. He's lonely and wants people to talk to, even if it's just a dumb human. But he can't have any information about him leave, his enemies would hunt him down!
DUDE! can you please stop copy pasting your pathfinder homebrew on this 5E DEDICATED SUBREDDIT! This isn't the first time you get this comment.
Going by the fantastic game 'warhammer 40k: space marine', nothing compares. Movement and momentum is so different. If you want a unstoppable juggernaut, rhino or chroma. Gun wise: arca plasmor for melta guns Bolt guns are not yet represented.
look to the stave of striking for inspiration. it's basicly allows stave wielders to smite like paladins would. &amp;#x200B; you can play around with the damage it does and how often it can be used (+3 is a bit much)
It needs some clean up, i didn't get past the first ability without rereading it 5 times. ~~Also, you could have the balance orbs scall on monk dice.~~ I like the idea of a support monk. Edit 1, after reading the orbs of destruction. Maybe don't have it work with fury of blows, but instead allow the monk to use an action to charge up the orbs and release them next turn for 8 attacks (or 5 with advantage and without a limited range) Ki hover has a typo and i believe 6th level is too early.
https://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/9y8sp0/so_you_think_you_know_conditions That's what you want.
But a permanent flying speed? The monk gets so many cool movement options later on that become completely useless.
How did you do?
I would soft ban it. Let the players convince you to allow it, based on character concept.
I'm not claiming that you do, I'm just stating that it doesn't fit.
With deadpool or Ryan Reynolds or both?
Daggers are also easy to conceal.
Hand Xbow?
Heads up, blow guns have the loading property, like xbows, but no feat to get rid of it. So fighter ss does not work.
&gt;U don't need advantage or an ally adjacent if ur in stealth and enemy doesn't see u, or is surprised. This results in getting advantage. &gt;Cunning action hide, you can pull it off. Range may be tiny, but it's a weapon meant for ambushes and stealth, not extended combat. Also, practically all rogue damage comes from sneak attack, it's why rogues are one of the only classes that can get away with daggers for weps, the damage dice doesn't matter as much. What's another d4 when ur already rolling like five d6 or whatever for sneak attack What's a d8? About 5 damage. Or 2*1d6 from hand xbows? 4 and 9 (with 20 dex)
Did the recent errata change the feat?
But that's not what the op said, now is it? Op said you only needed a ranged weapon!
how is he attacking 4 times? loading weapons cant make more then 1 attack, regardless of the normal amount of attacks.
I would advertise it as a 'monster campaign', so people know what to expect. Also, voice your expectations in session 0. If everyone is on the same page from the start, then it's on them. Just don't pull shit out of your ass if you do get blindsided.
So can a sword cane
Double hit enter for line breaks
Especially mobile
Link?
5th level wizard can heal, no feats or mc needed.
No, life transference heals.
You're punchline should be at the end, not the start
Why bother at that point?
On Thursday's you can fuck fairies at in the "efteling"
It's been removed by the mods.
You start with a premise. Then a conundrum or dialog. Punchline.
Don't acknowledge trolls as people, that's how they win.
Formatting is cooler. Rogue's get it at tier 3 and moon druids when turning into a earth elemental. And for reference, not all characters from different media can or should be transferred to dnd. Being able to hear a person's heart beat and being able to determine if they are lying isn't really a balanced skill in 5e. Lastly, if you don't want people to judge you, don't seek validation.
Halve of them aren't even marvel!
Neither, it's no story. Just some information about the world and some classes
To actually answer your questions questions: &gt;Where would I find that? You can get it for free on the dmsguild.com there's a couple first tier adventures on there (I know that the first chapter of 'skt' is) &gt;I don't know about what books to get or anything. Thanks for the idea The order of core books: players handbook, monster manual, dungeon master guide. After that a adventure book or volo's guide to monsters.
Player race is still a medium-sized humanoid.
How experienced is your dm? If he's just a noobie dm, don't take gwm (unless the ranger takes ss, because then it does not matter) If you are the only one getting attacked its a very good idea to take tough, but increasing your con does that as well.
Assassin for a dungeon crawl? Why? Rogue's are great, so it's not a bad character, but your subclass isn't really doing a lot for you. "but what about my free crits?" Are you going to abandon your party in a dungeon? Is that really a good idea? And if not, how are you going to make sure you surprise your foes? I don't think Assassin should ever be suggested.
Could you give me an example? I mean, the evo wiz's spell sculpting is pretty neat for a blaster.
That's a port town, right? Any pirates/treasures hunters that need experts?
Amazing how that works.
SB drow with drow high magic still works. Free detect magic is always nice and dungeons don't have a lot of daylight hours.
What source is it from?
/u/saiyanjesus so, no AL
What books do you have access to?
Don't make new characters. Just start at level 5 (or whatever level the majority is) and start there. Level 1 is about as exciting as a white bread and mayo sandwich.
I recommend volo's and mordekainen's for dms. I can't read either of those without wanting to run the monsters. XGE's is great for the entire table, but let your players buy it first.
I hate arbitrary weapon additions. People who pretend that Japanese swords need different stats compared to longswords and scimitars. No need for any of that.
Arcana and counter magic are the weaknesses of your party. The strength are every thing else. The cleric and druid have a lot of strong spells for ranged and can withstand melee enemies. The paladin will be god and king in melee, but less effective at ranged combat.
There have been a number of solutions to your problem. Why not limit the amount of attacks to the normal amount of attacks he would be able to make? I don't like that your rework relies on environments and directions, something unpresidented for fighting styles or 5e rules in general.
You say that, but there have been a number of accounts of players getting banned for getting stuck with illegal plate and that getting revoked. Leaving them with a negative plat score and all the ramifications.
When you flatten your stats, go for dex and con. That leaves you with a ton of health and 17 ac in halfplate, that's only 1 below full plate. If you really want to specialize into melee, look at what a war cleric can do for you.
Lycan have decent damage reduction, so using that as a basis to deny that they are a bit squishy isn't all that informed. They effectively have a d8 of health and that's not a lot for martial classes. I don't think it's a problem for a character with 18 con, but my profane soul wasn't very sturdy, even with the health steal.
I don't think you should stare yourself blind on those weapons choices.
Without any banter between rounds and other players making decisions, it's not all that hard. ^(but that's your point, isn't it?)
Sooo, a cleric (or 2), a bard and a wizard, with a paladin or barbarian for the the front line? (bard and barb or paladin and cleric)
Pick Excalibur, it's the best beginner frame. The wiki is your bff Try to get the {taxon} asap.
Volt is very easy to obtain, Excalibur less so. Also, use your platinum for warframe slots and weapon slots (not "archwing weapon slots")
But you have to kill the mercury (after venus) boss to unlock it.
i'm gonna let you figure this one out. what's the buggiest/worst boss in the game ,right now?
Holy formating errors!
&gt;Just got the pdf. &gt; &gt;omgomgomgomgomg. &gt; &gt;1. Process of getting it very straightforward &gt; &gt;2. Excitement of seeing the cover on my iPad screen &gt; &gt;3. The border...oh my god that’s a fucking nice margin. Margin porn is now a thing...(marginal porn? Margarine?) &gt; &gt;4. Content colour coder...noice &gt; &gt;5. Art. NOT 5e style, influenced sure, but this stuff is gorgeous. Colours! Gorgeous fucking colours! &gt; &gt;6. Succint and to the point sections. Zero fat! Double noice. &gt; &gt;7. Gonna day it again. Art. Fucking lovely. &gt; &gt;8. tables. No...you know what, design!!! This is just pleasing to the eye. &gt; &gt;Aaaaannd that’s just up to page 38!!! &gt;Ok, look I flicked through the rest and now I’m gonna grab a cuppa and get ready to settle down for a right proper read through but this is my initial reaction: &gt; &gt;WOTC products are great. Now though, it’s like WOTC has been the Hanna Barbera of design and MCDM brings out a modern Pixar Disney. This oozes success!!! Well done!!!
Raptor is less buggy than krill and you know it
Volo's has goliath (fighty half giants), Triton(atlantians), tabaxi (catfolk), firbolg (hippy half giants), aesimar (celestial) and includes monster options. (and i believe I'm forgetting one) Mordekainen's has a ton tiefling options, new elves, the gith and some dwarfs. Scag has some half elf options, drow, gnomes, feral tieflings and duergar. And that's it. E: I forgot the ravinica book
I've shown you how to do it!
i don't know why you let the big dog show up in person, but that's can of worms. I mean, the dragon is exposed, the plan failed, why bother saving a puny human. Also, if you follow the book, the kraken already knows as well and doesn't bother doing anything either. I don't think you should allow the party to kill an old god. Because, let's be real, if you can kill people with your mind from literally the bottom of an ocean, you don't have to leave the house all that often. If the party does decide to fight it, kill them. _ Depth charges are designed to destroy hard surfaces, cracking submarines, filling it with water and drowning the people inside it. A kraken might get wounded or bruised, but it's not air tight and doesn't have to be, so it won't be all that impressed.
Have a peak at the gladiator and scale it down.
?
Oh, that's it?
You posted a giant wall of text no one is going to read. &gt;I have been working on creating a new class for 5e, and I've completed most of the theorycrafting for it. Now I'm down to the real tough part -- for me, at least -- balancing. This is where I'm having trouble. &gt; &gt;My current method of balancing is long-winded. I determined the average DPR of both classes using only "always active" things -- crit chance, # of attacks, etc. Then, since an average day consists of 6-8 combats, I went with 7. &gt; &gt;On average, combat lasts 3-ish rounds, for a total of 21 rounds of combat per day. I took the DPR and added in any extra damage that comes from other things (Action Surge, etc) and calculated that out twice, once for a day with 2 short rests, and once for a day with 3. &gt; &gt;However, I have a skill that gives exhaustion when used, and because of the way that interacts with long rests, I wanted to know how to balance it. &gt;Exhaustion significantly reduces damage output -- among other things -- with each level. &gt; &gt;Beyond that, if you accrue 5 levels of exhaustion one day using this ability, you can only use it once the next day before using it again would kill you, reducing your effective damage output again. &gt; &gt;So I did the same calculations on a Berserker Barb, trying to see how they balanced Frenzy. &gt; &gt;I wanted to add Frenzy to the calculations and find out where it surpassed Champion fighter, since that would help me figure out a benchmark to use for my class. &gt; &gt;Unfortunately (and maybe my math is wrong) Berserker Barb NEVER really surpasses Champion Fighter, or at least not by much, even if you enter a frenzy every time you rage. I'm sure that there is some accounting for the fact that Barb just has SO much more tankiness than Fighter, but how can that be quantified? &gt; &gt;The class I'm creating is much LESS tankier than Fighter, but how can I know how much survivability to sacrifice vs how much damage to add while still maintaining a reasonable balance? &gt; &gt;Does anyone have any other calculations that could help with this? &gt; &gt;tl;dr, I'm not sure how balance was determined in this game, calculation-wise. Does anyone have any balance calculations/suggestions for testing balance? _ How versatile is the barbarian and the champion fighter vs your class? How do they fair when they can't reach the enemy? What out of combat powers do they have?
Yeah, you should've. Maar ook omdat Burnie het twee weken terug, in de podcast, nog benoemde als een van de meest irritante terug komende post.
You only use the seer?
&gt;I have a player in my game who is a power player, he is always choosing class archetypes and races i’ve never heard of to make nee characters. What's a "nee character"? &gt;At first I didn’t mind because most if these characters have been fir one shots but it is starting to just become the way he makes characters. Maybe sit down with him and 'xanatars guide to everything' and go through the character background creation chapters. &gt;I wouldn’t mind him having a homebrew race or class as long as it wasn’t obviously bullshit. I don't allow homebrew, unless it has a review score. &gt;So last night he tells me he has a Eldarian Elf for his race, so I of course ask, “Whats the difference between that and a normal elf?” &gt; &gt;We look into it and turns out the only difference is that his race gets a feat to use misty step, when i point out the obvious “why would you ever play a normal elf then?” He shrugged it off and we moved on. But that's from Mordekainen's tome of foes, i think. &gt;Am I being too controlling or is this obviously bullshit? And if it is bullshit, any advice on explaining to him why it’s bullshit? It might be a good idea to set up some parameters (books only) for your game.
&gt;That's not a homebrew, it's the Eladrin in the DM *guide*. But that's a dm book, not a player book. Also, it's an example, not a option.
'Cycle of aran' and sequel series. Board games. Music, especially war metal or storie albums (end of an empire, by celldweller for example) Volo's guide to monsters is a great resource, just read it!
Does the word "operator" mean anything to in the context of this game?
Wrong link?
&gt;I want this specifically because I had an npc in mind who is a bladesinger and fights alongside his spectral wolf companion. I'm thinking it would allow them to conjure a beast whose cr equals 1 or less. Maybe 1/2, what seems fair hive mind? Are you sure you need rules for this or should you just 'have it be' or do you intend for the players to gain access to it?
Why not give them a regular animal companion?
That's the riddle, isn't it? Crafted to break, forged for destruction, a tool for murder only. A sword, the first tool in history with the express intention of killing men.
So become a ranger and boost it
You can add 'clan destine'
Fire rate and ammo cap. And punch through.
Of all places. Al een idee over de campagne?
Wat verwacht je van de spelers?
Dolphin is wolf? Not hunter shark? And what about tiger and elk? You mentioned duck but skipped those.
&gt;It is for a GWM character, he loves dealing large amounts of damage and the sword is going to be as large as him, as it is wielded by a creature larger than himself, so far, so good. Ofcourse it is, but does it have to be flat damage? Look at the 'staff of striking' for effects. &gt;However the blade itself is called "Forgiven" or Why is it called that? Who wields it atm? Could it be called 'Penance' and call the 'smite effect' 'righteous smites'
So his wife is bad at naming weapons. What would you suggest after reading that? Immunity to insanity? Advantage vs fear effects? Is the wife a mage? Can she imbue the weapon with magic and would she enhance it with anything other than demon slaying? If so, why?
How long was the single longest encounter you created on purpose? And was that the longest single encounter you've run?
Sending requires a wire or piece of string, like with can to can telephones. Minor illusion needs fleece, so you can pull the fleece across their eyes.
Blood magic for the non clever people, like myself.
I mean I'm dumb as fuck and need descriptive names.
As a dm having to deal with one, I can tell you that they're great. Yes, damage scales way too slow, but they can incapacitate a creature without a wisdom save. The speed they get means that they can get everywhere. Shadow monks are also great for scouting, because they can cast 'pass without a trace'
Including next Friday. He requires a currency called "ducats" wich you get for turning in prime items at his trade kiosk.
Non, i like how her ass looks. Same with nezha premium skin
100+8 doesn't add 16 You tell me. '12+con' does it mention dex?
Guess who's buying that shit instead of farming for it?!
You are not wrong, but that's so far and so little it's not worth mentioning at this time.
So, yes. You get 15ft extra
Volo's is a monster book. CoS is a adventure book.
Which are a subspecies of mold.
That's way too low.
It's one of the problems with meta knowledge. In-world they're mostly known for their mercenary companies.
It's not a bad idea at all But you might want to buy a adventure for the encounter design, so you know what to throw at them.
I don't think op has the mods
So it doesn't work on low levels?
But zarr is a bitch to use in cqc
I want a gara and khora graxx skins
Close Quarter Combat Ie, suicide by zarr
I would add more details, right now it's just bland lines
Shade? Color? Anything?
But why bother then? Why not pick shadarkai if you want a edgy 'morally ambiguous' elf
The third book of "the war of the spiderqueen" has a great bit about a group of drow running into a society that has followers of Eilistraee. You know what happens? They get attacked. Because they are drow. Gnomes and dwarfs are not monsters and they hate drow.
Dmg, volo's/mm and xanatars. If you don't want volo's, pick mtof.
Like a clingy ex. (is that still the case with the Flash Thompson, agent venom? )
&gt;Are the adventures set in/around Waterdeep? Or is the Yawning Portal part just a bit of flavour for how adventurers would come together to tell their tales at this pub? Just flavor. &gt;I ask because I’m gonna run Waterdeep: Dragon Heist, and if TotYP could somehow be tied in, I’m gonna purchase that book too. Thanks! You can, but it's gonna be a lot of "i need you to go to the other side of the world for this mcguven" type quests
That says a lot about you
Dmsguild.com
Octavia is a very passive frame. I would not use her outside of def, int, mob def and exc. Those mission types have you defending static object, meaning that you can deploy your mallet in a higg traffic spot. When the enemies shoot it, they die. Edit, why is this being downvoted?
Just download a recording program!
Because firebolt and ray of frost are the same thing as well
Don't kink shame
Especially for combat. In order to make it interesting you need about twice as many mobs and that takes a shit ton of time to play out
What about my blunt af mace? I can't wipe my fingers across its blade
Ctrl+c, ctrl+v op je posts? Zou je niet in het Nederlands adverteren?
any frame can do any mission with ease.
woosh &amp;#x200B; that's exactly my point. OP has GFB already, so reflavoring the cantrip would do a diservice to his versetillity
remoraz
I would look into the shadar-kai. It's a elf sub race in mtof and gets dex and con, both secondary stats for the barbarian.
you can headbut, elbow or even kick the enemy
have you heard of the netherlands? &amp;#x200B; it's a small country who dominated the seas and a lot of the world. considering it's size and natural resources, that's quite an accomplishment. &amp;#x200B; we still dominated the sea, but less public and a bit more practical
Rhino is a good frame for almost any part of the game.
&gt;We've been replying this to posts for quite a while though, makkerloot. Jij bent zeker niet tweetalig, of wel?
You don't think a dragon would become more spiteful? That instead of using the experience for personal growth, it would use it to reinforce its own ways? Black dragons are the cruelest, most conniving dragon. Sure, alignment is something you should decide per character, but dragons do have instinctually selfish behavior.
Ik, I just don't think it's believable that a dragon would stop torturing just because he got tortured
How do I?
Why run a set up? What's the benefit?
You lost me at "Goliath's aren't very smart", they're not any dumber than dwarfs or humans.
Play the tutorial
&gt;Expect And I've never played a game where the game teaches you how to kill a boss. Not in loz, spyro, wow, Diablo, darksiders, non. It's common courtesy to watch a video on how to kill a boss in mmo's and eidolons are no exception. If you want to fuck about on your own, play lith solo
It's the opening mission/quest chain
You've never raided in wow, i can tell you that. People are expected to know what to do, even on the first try.
Weapons not the same and can be noticeably different in the prime version (tiberon, venka, cernos come to mind) Rotations only matter in "endless" missions. (def, surv, int, exc). The first 2 rewards are rotation A, the third one is B and the fourth one is C. The reward tables depend on starting level of the mission. Dark sectors are just missions with exp mutators, all of them are vs infected and they tend to drop more loot. https://m.imgur.com/gallery/EA4Eu So you can farm specific 'era's' tiers of the relic.
&gt;so I assumed "I assume makes an ass out of u and me" So you start at 3 instead of 1? And then don't ask what you need to do or why?
I'm not trying to make up terms, I'm trying to invoke the imagination and to illustrate the battle field presence a character would passively have. Because a 25 ft square is fucking huge. (it's gargantuan actually)
His twin brother was killed recently. He wasn't fully there.
Thor is fine. Brokkr however...
Nezha's
Like?
How was it?
What i like to do, if I don't have a narrative to follow, throw out some hooks in the village and if they don't bite, have bandits/green skins/cultists attack and go with plan B. As far as missions go, can't you lift them from naruto? Kill a big as demon or ninja scientist, steal some super powerful artifact.
Get damaged
Allow him to add things to the scene when he needs them.
What does that have to do with me? What kind of advice do you want? Maybe jack bleach for ideas if you are done with naruto.
What kind of twisted machinations have to happen for a moon Elf to follow the traitor goddess? I'm not against it yet, but I wouldn't allow it just yet, if I was the dm. Lolth is a very fickle goddess with very clear favorites, so you would have to have a very good (not long perse) reason for that to be believable. Also, if you are going to homebrew Lolth, 1. inform your dm 2. Why bother? Why not look for a better deity to fit your needs? I'm not hating, I just want to be convinced so you can convince your dm as well.
Kill them with wolves.
The boss isn't super hard, so I would give that a shot first.
First, I recommend dropping the god name and going for something that's setting neutral. Storm paladins could work for tempus and umberlee as well. &gt;Channel Divinity &gt; &gt;~~When you take this oath at 3rd level, you gain the following two Channel Divinity options. ~~ &gt; &gt;~~Clash of Thunder. At the beginning of your turn, as a free action, you may channel your divinity to deal maximum Thunder damage until the end of your turn.~~ &gt; &gt;~~Flash of Lightning. At the beginning of your turn, as a free action, you may channel your divinity to deal maximum Lightning damage until the end of your turn.~~ Why not jack the wording from the tempest cleric? &gt;Oath Spells &gt; &gt;You gain oath spells at the paladin levels listed. &gt; &gt;~~Oath of Vengeance Spells~~ Typo? And add a - to the create a bulleted list. &gt;Level Spells &gt;- 3rd, thunderclap, lightning lure &gt;- 5th, hold person, booming blade &gt;- 9th, thunder step, thunderwave &gt;- 13th, lightning bolt, call lightning &gt;- 17th, destructive wave, hold monster What does it do at level 7? Maybe look at the storm barbarian Subclasses don't get anything at 10 &gt;Aura of Slaying &gt; &gt;Starting at 15th level, you and friendly creatures within 10 feet of you deal a bonus to attack and damage rolls with melee weapons equal to your CHA modifier (Minimum +1) &gt;At 18th level, the range of this aura increases to 30 feet. That's basically the upgraded version from the oathbreaker (undead only), Look at the other, 15th level abilities, they aren't nearly this strong. &gt;Stormfront This is avenging angel+. Get it in line with that. &gt;At 20th level, you can assume the form of an avatar of the storm. Using your action, you undergo a transformation. For 1 minute, you gain the following benefits: &gt; &gt;Immunity to Lightning and Thunder damage. Any damage you would normally take from these sources is doubled (rounded down) and reflected back onto the nearest enemy. Reaction? &gt;Wings sprout from your back and grant you a flying speed of 60 feet. &gt; &gt;You emanate a storm aura in a 30-ft radius. &gt; &gt;When a spell attack that would deal lightning or thunder damage misses you or an ally within your aura, you may use your reaction to redirect the spell back at the caster or an enemy if the caster is an ally. &gt; &gt;When a thunder or lightning based spell would force you or your allies within your aura to make a saving throw, you may use your reaction to force one automatic success on the saving throw. &gt; &gt;~~In addition, you gain a free use of Thunderous Smite to be used on your next turn. If the free Thunderous Smite is not used before the end of your next turn, it is wasted.~~ I would try to clean up the wording a bit: Free use = at will = still takes a BA and thus limits it to once a round. (maybe add wording to remove concentration) &gt;~~You gain the benefit of the Elemental Weapon at the 5th level, for either Lightning or Thunder. This does not require concentration.~~ Just describe the effect. &gt; &gt;Once you use this feature, you can’t use it again until you finish a long rest.
Not sure, did you try the link below? From the other guy?
Did you get the one you wanted?
And the ba it gets are incredible for races with very little to do.
\+ the one that you wanted?
Link to the relevant information? If it's the half elf variant rules you want. - You lose your skill versatility.
Looks like it replaces everything. (+7 stats would be too insane)
It was the whiteplum mountain. We got 3 sentient weapons: [whelm](https://the-athos-frontier.fandom.com/wiki/Whelm), [wave](https://the-hanged-three.fandom.com/wiki/Wave) and ***[BLACK RAZOR](https://the-hanged-three.fandom.com/wiki/Blackrazor)***. At the end we defeated 4 effriti because my tiefling decided to wield BR. So I was thinking of having a red skinned Paladin wielding a black sword in a heman pose (wide stance, sword above his head) With the other 2 weapons crossed underneath it And below that 4 flames.
But it is entirely up to you.
The base and then some. But are you comparing 'utility and damage per feature' to the other subclasses or are you just winging it?
What does sekiro do? Sneaking, stabbing and a bit of "magic"? Arcane trickster, right?
&gt;Am I misunderstanding? Nope, it's just that. 1d20 + mod + prof. Magic items with +1 aren't considered in the balance of the game either and not super necessary. Read about "bounded accuracy" if you want a more detailed explanation. &gt;Can you give me an example of an interesting build, if so? Nothing that is as in depth/convoluted as even the most basic pf built. &gt; • What's the best SRD (and why are there so many of them)? The srd's only contain the base rules (the ones you can download from the wizards website) + homebrew trash.
What level do you expect the party to get them?
Sphere of sloop detection. And gold coins measured in body weight. Preferably the bodies of others.
"What is in the box?" How will you find out? 9 spheres and a door. 7 spheres hold keys, 1 is correct. The other 2 have a goo (sphere 1) and a air elemental ( sphere 6).
Slope* Yeah, it's a ball you put on the ground and then chase after.
The magical creatures? Maybe.
What happend before this argument? Anything that might have ticked the dm off? Was the player courteous about sharing his findings? Any previous arguments about similar topics?
A (nice) shield when you have that level fighter. A magical weapon. Item of protection. Paratrooper of wound closure. And healing potions by the gallon.
Why not take the imp as a base and work from there?
My, skull port based, drow repo. He specializes in the repossessing items customers (Drow noble houses) want returned to them. Be it magical items, powerful sacrifices or stuff that never even belonged to them to begin with. He will travel to the surface, assemble a team along the way and get you what you wanted. ___ Originally he's a samurai fighter, but he can be anything you want him to be. (Being a drow male is important though)
1 gold is about 100 euro's At least, that is how i quantify it.
&gt;- but there is like a shield one, Like the spell? &gt; an axe one, Basically a green flame blade (extra damage on the hit) &gt;and a flamethrower. Burning hands?
Talk to your dm about it.
Definitely.
The slut thing? Did you not even try to get some plat?
To actually address the crunch (spell check that mother fucker btw): &gt;**Half Demon Traits** Your half-demon character has the following racial traits. &gt; &gt;**Ability Score Increase.** Your Dexterity score increases by 2. *Why? Are they dexterous? Don't most demons 'brute force' problems? * &gt;**Age.** Half-Demons have incredibly varied life spans, depending upon which parent they take more after. They mature at the same rate as their humanoid bloodline, but some live to be just under 100, and others well over 1000, and many fall between the two extremes. &gt; &gt;**Aignment.** Half-Demons inherit the chaos of their demonic parents. Because of this, they are often compelled towards chaotic and/or evil alignments, but many are able to resist the call and forge their own path. &gt; &gt;**Size.** A Half-Demon's height and weight are also widely varied. If they take more after their humanoid parent, then they will usually stand a few inches taller and a weigh a few pounds more than their mortal counterparts. If they take more after their demonic parent, then they are usually between 6 and 7 feet tall and wigh between 200 and 250 pounds. Regardless of this, you size is medium. &gt; &gt;**Speed.** Your base walking speed is 30 feet. &gt; &gt;**Darkvision.** Much like your demonic parent, you can see in the dark, though it is diluted from most demons' incredible ability. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray. &gt; &gt;**Abyssal Resistance.** ~~All demons are completely immune to poison. As only half-demon, this has been diluted for you.~~ *cut the faf:* You have resistance to poison damage. &gt; &gt;**Touch of Pestilence**. As an action, you can touch a creatue and cause it to suffer poison damage equal to 1d2 + your level. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest. *Typo*? *1d2*? &gt;**Languages.** You can speak, read, and write Common, Abyssal, and one language of your choice. This language is usually whatever language your humanoid parents speak, but this is not necessarily always the case. *Why the third language?*
&gt;**Negotiator** &gt; &gt;Negotiator half-demons are born of abyssal beings who coax mortals into deals and bargains that seem too good to be true - and tyically are. As such, they excel at positions that require a charismatic leader, whether it be as simple as a shopkeep or as powerful as a politician. *again, read about demons, not really what they do* &gt;**Ability Score Increase.** Your Charisma score increases by 1. &gt;**Natural Shrewdness**. You gain proficiency in Persuasion ~~and~~ or Deception ability checks. &gt;**Knife in the *Tonuge*.** Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to gain advantage on any Persuasion or Deception ability check you make in the next minute. &gt; &gt;Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest. *Typo*?
&gt; In the actual build, I do use the word abyssal You use hell aswell.
Wack
So, give them a con bonus instead. If all demons have con and only some have dex, doesn't that mean most 1/2 would have extra con? A lot of the disconnections could have been avoid if you made it half cambions/succubus' (which one is the demon?) instead of the overall and all inclusive, demon.
&gt;1. Again, going more off of the "deal with a demon" trope. In my personal opinion, having demons that destroy through brute force alone is a little boring. Demons don't make deals. And the fiendish patron is most likely a devil. &gt;2. Fair. &gt; &gt;3. Yup. Again, will fix. Read through it a couple of times, and caught a few typos I had made, but apparently not all.
A permanent rider would be nice, something like goliath's carrying buff or claws.
Chaos? Lolth springs to mind
Mix jazz spit lick?
Ok, great job so far /s
One that doesn't use a ton of impact.
Dnd?
Pics or bs.
my memory failed me, i cant even find a blurb.
some one got kicked from the game and that doesnt happen with ammicable disagreement.
wtf? NO! i said: &gt;If you are fighting over damage done as a dm, you need to take a look at yourself, regardless. because a DM shouldnt be competing for most damage done and 9 fire damage isnt going to make diffrence in the long run. then you said &gt;less a fight and more the dm not understanding rules and getting angry, at least story as told how do you know it's not a fight? people dont get removed from a game if there's no fight. And now, all of a sudden, i'm defending the DM? how does your brain work?
you dont have to play with friends, you can play with strangers. r/lfg
The formatting is lost after you shared it. Non of the ability names are **bold**.
It's a 1/2 caster that gets spells at level 1? And smites and cantrips? I'm fine with a Arcane half caster, but make it unique. 1d6 instead of 1d8 isn't unique. If you are set on doing the smite thing (which i think is horrible) have it scale per surge point, not level. &gt;**Arcane Accuracy**: As a bonus action you can spend 1 Arcane Surge to focus your arcane energy into your weapon, you can add +1 to attack rolls made with that weapon for up to one minute. This bonus increases to +2 at level 9 and +3 at level 17. You concentrate on Arcane Accuracy as if you were concentrating on a spell. This is super weak compared to the smite like feature, why would i use this? Remove concentration and make this the default feature. &gt;**Magic Inspiration**: As an action, you can spend 1 Arcane Surge to choose one skill or tool. For 10 minutes, you have proficiency with the chosen skill or tool. Cool ribbon abilities, but you might want to make a list of tools. Idiosyncratie, gem cutter tools: Can you suddenly evaluate gems because you know how to hold a lens? You don't have any knowledge of the current market &gt;**~~Spell Recovery~~** **Mind over matter**: When you fail a concentration check you can use your reaction to immediately spend 1 Arcane Surge to attempt the concentration check again. Spell recovery is too close to 'Arcane recovery', which is already a thing. &gt;**Arcane Spring**:(you forgot to bold it.) Starting at 6th level you regain all expended Arcane Surges at the end of a short or long rest. That's too fast, especially with the smite feature. I would just double the reservoir or have it be a static, non stat depended, tier bound, scale &gt;**expertise** why? &gt;**Bewitching Blade**: Starting at 10th level you learn to freely weave magic into your weapons. At the end of a long rest, you can touch up to 3 non-magical simple or martial weapons. ~~Until the end of your next long rest or until you die~~, the object becomes a magic item, granting a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls. ~~Once you use this feature, you can’t use it again until you finish a long rest.~~ **duh** &gt; &gt;Additionally when you attack a creature using a magic weapon that creature takes 1d6 force damage in addition to the weapon’s regular damage. It needs a ribbon, something like 'bonded weapon' and i would make it last 24 hours, not "until you're next long rest or dead" &gt;**Arcane Well**: Starting at 14th level when you roll initiative with 0 Arcane Surges you gain 1 Arcane Surge. That's fine, 2 if you go with my previous suggestion. &gt;**Improved Bewitching Blade**: Starting at 18th level you learn to freely weave magic into your weapons. At the end of a long rest, you can touch up to 3 nonmagical simple or martial weapons. Until the end of your next long rest or until you die, the object becomes a magic item, granting a +2 bonus to attack and damage rolls. And the d6 becomes a d10? &gt;**Radiant Arcana**: At 20th level you can add your intelligence modifier to damage rolls made with magic weapons. As a special type of damage?
&gt;***Battle Mage***: &gt; &gt;**Bookkeeper**: At 3rd you can add 2 first level Wizard spells to your spellbook. Additionally, from this point further when you find Wizard spell scrolls you can add them to your spell book as if you were adding a Magus spell to your spellbook. Wizard spells you add to your spellbook in this way are treated as Magus spells for you. I would add the transcription rules from the wizard here. &gt;**Ritual Casting**: at 3rd level you can cast a Magus spell as a ritual if that spell has the ritual tag and you have the spell prepared. &gt; &gt;**Mage’s Step**: Starting at 7th level you can teleport up to 20 feet to an unoccupied space as a bonus action. &gt; &gt;Once you use this feature you can’t use it again until you finish a short or long rest. Great way to burn surge, without resting. &gt;**Sorcery Blade**: At 11th level you learn to infuse your weapon with specialized magic to take advantage of a creature’s weaknesses. As a bonus action you declare one of the fallowing damage types: cold, fire, thunder, or necrotic. &gt; &gt;For the next minute any force damage you would deal as part of the attack action is changed into the declared damage type. Additionally if you’re holding a magic weapon you can not be disarmed by non-magical means. &gt;**Combat Cantrip**: Starting at 15th level when you take the attack action you can cast a cantrip with a bonus action. &gt; &gt;Once you use this feature you can’t use it again until you finish a short or long rest. Alternatively you can regain this feature by using your action to cast a spell using a spell slot. Or add a (higher) surge cost
Bring oranges and lemons.
Thanks, i really tried my best. It took about 25 threads, with close to a 60 posts. And a ton of stripping of features and telling op that his race was bloated and over powered, but i finally have it in a place where he can share it with the community.
What does your character do in combat? A tavern/shop? A cave/temple? To give me an idea of what you want.
Don't think of the rules, but use your fantasy: If you think of your character in combat, is he: in the thick of combat, next to the fighter, sliding in and out of combat, exploiting openings, burrowing his daggers in arteries and joints? Or is he behind a tree, being a crackshot, nailing orc skulls to shields, disappearing like a shadow?
Ze joke
Right, sorry You did you get stats? Rolling dice or from a chart?
Any monk can use daggers to overcome this. You don't need to Cripple yourself with the kensai.
What time? Level?
And read it again, prep combat and play it out. Look for a video.
sorry, my bad. Cleric X/ Monk -
Yes. ... ... But the blood hunter brings new mechanics to the game and is, for all intents and purposes, homebrew. So for me it comes down to: is it new or a reshuffle of existing features.
Microsoft has a new product that allows you to save text documents
i would rather play a 8 wis barbarian and charge in.
he comes from a long time of barbarians.
i missed this because you replied to yourself, i didnt see it. what about them?
You are going to bend the barrel like that
That's the price you pay. Less asi's for more versatility.
Have it scale: 2hp per character level. The blood hunter gets 1 hp worth of damage per charter level if it wants to use a blood right
&gt;the belly of a loyal dog, You fiend!
The arrogance with which op, misinterpreted how familiars work is staggering.
&gt;Also note, he makes it so whenever we roll a natural 1, something terribly bad happens, and usually on attack rolls that means either a weapon breaks or we hit a teammate.) At first I was okay with it, but then I noticed that I started to feel weaker then my allies (A totem Barbarian, Light cleric, and Valor bard Yes, you should be upset.
~~Look at the hp of your party and have the average damage be around 1/2 the max of your lowest hp dude. 1/3 if it's ranged. Next compare the average damage of the party and multiply that by 6 for the hp you need.~~ Didn't read the post. If they don't rest, consider it 1 fight, but without the "x times mob difficulty"
that's a feature, DE doesnt make mistakes.
You missed the event. Wisp get released and some weapons.
Are you fighting the corpus often?
Cops, shooting black people. They don't claim that one race is better, they just demonstrate that one is definitely worse. Jokes ("jokes") aside, that could be stuff like "all Asians are good at math" or your nan crossing the street because a racial minority is approaching her (or you being on guard) Instinctual things, that are based on nothing.
Everyone knows trolls are weak to fire. And vampires don't like sunlight And werewolves don't like silver. That's adventurer 101
Agonizing blast is still the optimal damage built. If you are going for a dedicated melee built: elven accuracy, pam and gwm + darkness and devil sight.
&gt;Starting at 17th level, you can spend a bonus action to make a insight check of 8 + the creatures cr minimum of 1 to find out the creatures maximum and current hit point, immensities, resistance, weaknesses, condition immensities, and condition resistances. When the dm is most likely to home brew monsters and doesn't have the cr ready for you to use.
What does it do?
Let him do it, but act dismissively, fade to black and attack the inn, so he's literally, caught with his pants down.
Ik weet niet of je al op oudere edities zoekt, maar misschien dat je dan meer succes hebt.
The best jokes are the ones that have the audience zone out before you get to a metaphor style punchline.
And the 'Wayfinders guide to eberon' had a bunch of dragon marked options. But those are half elf in name only, because they completely replace the statistics and features.
the new **decent into avernus** book starts in baldurs gate.
i do think that, yes.
In circles, probably.
But why call it the same thing, when it's clearly different.
Does it say that you can play the piano in the spell?
I got that. Abilities should be distinct, right?
I'll tell you why: Paladin wears heavy armor, so you don't need a ton of dex. And if you are needing it to multiclass, might as well go for a str build and leave dex for what it is.
Fucking awesome! I recently played this in a extended one shot, but I only had 8 levels. I went with 2 levels Paladin, like you, but it's still a ton of Paladin to play around with because of the fuckton of spells you get. And remember to stack smites and flourishes when critting!
Don't make multiple clones, what if it backfires and you only get half your powers and the evil one gets the other half? Who gets the kingdom? - Start a knightly order and deck them out with magical weaponry and armor. - see if you can create artificial life for a infinite army. - Have the kingdom train in combat, every other day. This is mandatory for all, except the elderly, who can get substitution lessons in advanced war tactics.
De brug is banger voor jou dan andersom
It's not shipped to backers yet, it'll probably be available when that's sorted out
https://youtu.be/ytWz0qVvBZ0 The original is a mine craft song.
https://youtu.be/ytWz0qVvBZ0 Original
Nice
That's very player dependent. - I enjoy combat, low impact rp and puzzles. - My buddy really likes intrigue and dungeon crawling. - And my brother just wants to be a badass. If you're going to ask your players what they liked during the session, have them call out 1 specific thing. If you can handle it, have them tell you about the thing they didn't like as well. And if you want specific feedback, ask specific questions: "what did you guys think of X?"
- Changelings - shifters, were people ish - kalasthar, spirit haunted people - warforged, metal people - dragon marked racial variants for phb races, magical birthmark people.
Nee, maar als ik een spel speel sla ik wel de tutorials over.
Idk... Major Armstrong, from fma.
i told my players to make a cool level 6 character. i didnt tell them how to get stats, if we got extra feats or bonuses, magic items etc. because everything was on the table. if they wanted 6 20's, they could have. one of them could not compute. probably the most balanced a party has ever been.
The vines would have followed the pattern of the stone. But i would use 'green stuff' instead of marker for those vines.
Dat zijn 3 compleet verschillende werelden.
I hate tabaxi. Dumb race, with dumb traits and stupid quirks.
Dit verteld 0 over de wereld. Is het duister? Veel of weinig magie? Hoe zit het met technologie en waar is dat uit ontsprongen? Goden?
That requires prep. He also could have tried to "not be a little bitch" and have the players (who interact with certain mechanics more than he does) tell him how spells work.
This is hard, im on my 6th edit.
I ran into 2. One in toa, as a npc. And another in AL, some stereotype neckbeard who played it 200% weeb, so I tried to accidentally hit him as often as I could.
Here's what you say: "ok, your character does that, make a new character, so that you can play with the rest. I'm not going to dm 2 different campaigns. I'm all for player agency, but you guys are a party and that's the story im dm'ing for".
that's even better!
Did you try the search bar?
Ooh no! He drowned!
But you have access to more spells, faster. Con saves are easy enough to get.
It's only +2 hp. And if you need con saves that hard below level 5, you probably won't make it regardless.
And?
&gt;What types of questions can you ask in-character? Anything. &gt;Any strategies to avoid metagaming? You don't have a lot of meta knowledge. Just make notes for stuff your character hears. &gt;What things tend to piss off most DMs, that I should avoid? Relentless murder and checking for traps every 5ft. &gt;Any other tips and tricks you don't mind sharing? Don't have your entire back story end in a graveyard. You don't have to be a sad sack or emotionally troubled to have a interesting character.
&gt;Unless you have the appropriate spell but that is for another time Even then, you shouldn't.
Have her take over a thieves guild, so she has some expendable muscles. For her: - Use the blood rite, from the blood hunter for extra damage on a dagger. - And about 2d6 sneak attack damage. - some magic to hide herself and her identity Tactics in game: - Use the thieves to split up the party - attack the straggler, just tag them. (so that they start fearing her) For the narrative - she will have to pop up just before shit gets to dangerous but not she can rofl stomp the party. - And she can't be the main bbeg, but she will have to be dealt with. - Have her try to run away a soon as 2 characters focus on her, otherwise she won't survive.
Whilst regrouping, you can have the 'reward deserving' party run into the next quest giver getting over run by bandits. His guards are already down and the bandits are weak, but the players can shift the tide of battle. Pragmatic as the npc, he offers them a job and allows the pc's to loot the weapons if they help him bury his men.
why? why punish peopl twice?
is there a guide?
because you lose exp, character progress, story progress and eventually, you end up playing second fiddle to the other players who have less hectic lives. &amp;#x200B; so you get FUCKED over on all fronts.
&gt;6 players I'd guess that there are about two "tank"s in the team 3/3 goats is still a good idea, but.... Nvm, wrong sub
The question would be: "what do I gain from seducing this person?" Power? Status? A patsy? So i believe fiends definitely intermingle.
Lycan blood hunter?
Can you atleast format this wall. Also, do we have to copy r/greentext?
This is a joke, right?
Mag: having your bones magnetized and crushed into each other has to be a oxfam novib violation.
i'll allow it &amp;#x200B; i'll even allow you to use a mummy as a Overseer craftsman instead of a mummy.
what gives you reason to believe you dont qualify? is italy planning to go to war with the West? Do we have to hoard pasta before it's outlawed? what about pizza?
bear or zealot, probably, but have a look at the often overlooked battlerager. &amp;#x200B; as for magic items: that's just TOO much. but here goes * stack up on healing potions, just incase * BLACKRAZOR, so you get temp HP when you get a kill * and advantage when you have temp hp from said kill * \+X armor or braces of defence * have a look at ioun stones, specificly the one that gives proficency, for better attack and skills. * stuff that makes it easier to get back up * some special boots, spiderclimbing or speed. * ask if you could have "braces of blinding speed" not in the DMG, but if the DM ask you what they should do: it gives 1 extra attack per attack action * stuff that makes you immune to charm effects and generally boost's your SAVES.
Flying boots are a great idea.
Have a look at the moderately armored feat. A shield and medium armor +1 str. That's everything you need for def
"lol, what a weird name, you should kill people, haha" Mentally retarded edgelord: "ok" Is that how it went?
He's still dense if that's how he reasons.
*Unbelievably* dense
Buy mordekainens tome of foes, for more options. I made a 2 Paladin, sword bard X, zariel tiefling (before it was cool)
My bard/paladin wielded a d8 strength weapon in one hand and a useless company banner in the other.
i would drop the light properties and the 1d4. and the reason is: if you look at melee weapons, you can find a pattern. &amp;#x200B; a basic melee weapon, with nothing on it is 1d8, add a buff lower's the die by 1 and adding a debuff increases it by one. short sword is 1d6,: finesse (-1), light(-1), martial (+1). Battle axe is 1d8: martial weapon (+1), versitaile (-1), 2h (+1) spear is 1d6: simple (-1) + versitaile (-1), 2h (+1) Great sword is 2d6: martial (+1), 2h (+1) glaive is 1d10: martial (+1), 2h (+1) reach (-1) &amp;#x200B; some exceptions excist ofcourse, but only if they are weaker (club, cudgel) but the best weapons dont. &amp;#x200B; applying this to your weapon: starting with 1d8 1d8 + finesse + reach = 1d4 1d4 + martial = 1d6. &amp;#x200B; the main reason you dont want light property to shift, is because it mess with the abiltie wield weapons in both hands and the reason you dont want to attach it to a bonus action is because you would have to use resources for something that should be done with the addition of a narrative flavor. &amp;#x200B; it's not exactly math, but there's definitly a pattern
except that there's a *strong save* attached to it. and a spell slot.
i would never recommend anyone going with assassin. the only saving grace it has is that the base class is rogue, otherwise it's the most useless subclass in the PHB. as for advice: get what you want from monk and get out, monk's are horrible for MC'ing.
i was reading the title and thought: # YES DE should learn how to make a good multiplayer shooter. &amp;#x200B; so i clicked in, expecting a well thought out plee for better PVP, but i got another beg thread.
wait what? this is beyond stupid! can you pay for magic items? this is EA levels of dumb!
maybe. but good shit floats.
Answer: he's a amicable individual and stand up guy.
Where are the rest of your dice? Jokes aside: the first time wil rough. - if you don't know a rule ask the players, if they don't know either, move on and/or deligate them to look it up. - pre roll initiative for combat. (and health. - write down important npc characteristics. - suggestion ≠ mind control.
And quick thinking.
Formatting? &gt;Don't get me wrong, Paladins are my absolutely favourite class, my very first pc was a Paladin, in fact. Paladins are always very fun to roleplay, and the fact that they follow a strict code makes them much more limited than other classes, but as a tradeoff to this they pack a big punch. &gt; &gt;My problem with the 5e specifically is that 5e expanded the roleplay capabilities of paladins by removing the "only Lawful Good" restriction, which I personally both like abd dislike, but mechanically, they seem much more limited than in previous editions. &gt; &gt;In 5e, all Paladins play the same, because all subclasses follow a strict pattern and none fundamentally change the gameplay of the class. All subclasses give you some spells, 2 Channel Divinity options, an aura that is improved at 18th level and an "ultimate form", with no room for variation. &gt; &gt;Compare this to the Cleric, or Fighter, all of the subclasses of which bring new stuff to the table when it comes to playing the character
I love slogging through bandits and orcs on a "morally ambiguous" character. I love undead on a more Lawful character. But as a DM i love goblins!
Can you?
Then I don't understand what I'm looking at.
The spell in the phb has limitations on it for the sake of balance. Npc wizards could easily find a way reform the spell so it works for your player.
In debt how?
where am i looking? what is a miss?
&gt;I feel like multi-classing was a bandaid solution to a much bigger problem, which is class balance. maybe, but if they didnt include it in the rules, people would have found a way to do it. (you know it's a optional rule, right?) &gt;Why can't my Cleric be the skilled person in Religion? &gt; &gt;Why can't my Warlock be the most charismatic and persuasive person, who's talents are gifted by a divine god? they can, that's why skills excist. &gt;Why is it just kind of accepted for the rogue and bard to be the Masters of All Trades (let's be real, calling them Jack of all Trades is a joke, expertise is too good). because they are skill monkey's. why do you think their combat abilities are slightly lacking? &gt;Expertise is a very basic system that limits me to choosing if I want to be relevant in combat, or relevant in a roleplaying sense. O NOOO, CHOICE, i dont want to chooooooooosse &gt;Am I crazy here? We're not all wondering why bards and rogues are popular, right? They are both dex based classes which are able to excel in roleplaying and combat.... not crazy, but there's a list of other words i would attribute to you, non flattering. &gt;How Crawford balanced Dexterity classes by giving them expertise blows my mind. It's like the guy had no idea what the meta of his own game would be... and what's that? because DEX is only OP on forums.
Any rogue benefits from that.
What does more? 150% + 70% + more Or 100% + 100%
&gt;Yeah but for when? Two years? Because I study and work I can’t complete infinite levels of an event that requires me to play 2-4 hours every day/week.... That's exactly why future night wave events are going to have the catch up mechanic.
Easy there, mister freeze
&gt;Sorry if this is a stupid question but I have been a long time fan of the game but am only recently getting into it with, hopefully, a regular group of people, and I was hoping to get help fleshing out a character. &gt;The idea I have so far is a Aarakocra Druid who has been a prisoner of a Goliath stronghold for a number of years. &gt;I'm thinking he was originally part of a group of Arakocra who were a mix of druids and other things but never really strongly believed in the ways of the druid until he managed to escape from the Goliath keep due to a massive storm, which he took as a sign of a confirmation of the druid ways. &gt;Also, his name is Kleaqlaw Stonefeather... &gt;Any thoughts and input is greatly appreciated.
you should read how surprised works and wonder if you are using it correctly and then comeback to me. other rogues can be better at turn 3, 4, 5, 6, etc. unless you only fight 1 target per boss fight or if you only fight humanoids, Assassin is Ass Ass.
using the DND rules, because i dont want to learn a new system.
Shield rushes followed by a stabbing. Hobgoblins are great for this. Smart, militaristic. The perfect mob for tactics.
Ing, among others
I didn't get that far. I stopped at the "saves check" I have a sneaky suspicion op has not done any research on how the game works and is balanced.
We know, you showed us yesterday, i wa very impressed.
The pet becomes a player controlled npc. Something i recommend doing anyway. Give her pet levels in fighter or barbarian, maybe even a rogue analog.
&gt;That breaks the action economy with the Beastmaster getting 2 actions for every action the rest of the party members get. O no, the bear is not completely useless. &gt;The "problems" with the Ranger aren't actual math problems, it is "feel" problems. People coming to "Beastmaster Ranger" don't want to "Feel" like "Pokemon Master". Explain
Your entire party is level 1. You played half a session in which you killed innocent people and the rest of the players did not get to play. There is no group dynamic yet.
that's **exactly** what OP is trying to fix.
first things first: 1. the monks fist attacks are not finess weapons, so RAW, this wont work. 2. a rogue get's to use sneak attack ONCE on it's turn. so 1 level of rogue gets you 1 extra d6 of damage. 3. what you want is Hunter mark or hex.
Which loki?
Multiclass it with rogue, Druid and a dip in bard.
Stirling virmin has a neat conversion.
how much for a multi character piece? (about 8)
ik zou het niet woord voor woord vertalen, mocht je die route opgaan, maar eerder voor een vrije vertaling gaan. alle termen kunnen in het NL btw, alleen moet je er dan wel 100% voor gaan, iets waar ik ontzettend fan van ben. (ook omdat ik een hekel heb aan dat mengelmoesje aan talen van de media markt/telecom aanbieders)
waarom zou je lang-zwaard niet vertalen? dat is toch geen naam maar een voorwerp? dat je Vuurtong en Zwart-scheerder engels laat kan ik begrijpen, maar voorwerpen moet je wel vertalen. ik neem aan dat je het anders ook een zwaard noemt en geen "sword"
have you heard the song "hotel callifornia"? have the beholder invite them in and make them thee, be the nicest person ever, even giving them (cursed) magic items (that cant be used against him) he wont stop them from leaving, but he has a illusion set up around the citadel, turning the party around and returning to him everytime they try to leave.
What's the point of "eldritch door"? why not use planeshift?
so why not make the requirement's a quest item instead of a spell that does basicly the same thing.
teleportation circle is a 5th level spell that cant fail (under most circumstances) there is hardly any reason to use any of it.
if you dont want players to travel to a plane with a spell that's clearly ment for that exact purpose. to an extent that you house rule it so that they cant use it for said purpose, &amp;#x200B; why create a spell to subvert your own houserule?
found out by who? and if all these spells are a result of your own, thus far unexplained, world, how to you expect feed back to be usefull? &amp;#x200B; for the conjuring spells you copied the "conjure elemental" spells, so there's no need to rag on those. &amp;#x200B; sanity is hardly used, so i cant give input on that either. &amp;#x200B; but all the travel spells seems needlessly convoluted by houserules and DM's interpretation and the need to fix self created holes in the arsenal of spells.
or just edit your document
absolutly not. &amp;#x200B; in fact, create oppertunities for your players to USE those abilities! * Shoot the monk with arrows, * have the bandits advance past the rogue who's hidden, * wail on the barbarian with 40k HP. &amp;#x200B; but dont do it every combat and if you have smart enemies, have them learn form there mistakes. * if the wizard is shooting fireballs, have the archers target him and if he cast's shield, so be it. * target the barbarian with "saves" * ready attacks for when the rogue pops up after his attack. &amp;#x200B; allow people to use there powers, but dont allow the powers to become overpowerd.
atleast format the text a bit. &amp;#x200B; and you didnt change any of the spells. pleanar leap is still on 3 pages.
you cant make it a double wide table and spread it more evenly acrose the side? the right side has 11 empty spaces. |00-04|feywild||the beastlands| |:-|:-|:-|:-| |05-09|shadowfell||arborea| |10-14|P/O fire||ysgard| |15-19|p/o air||limbo| ||p/o water||pandamonium| ||p/o earth||carceri| ||mechanus||hades| ||arcadia||gahenna| ||mount celestia||the nine hells (all 9 layer?)| ||bytopia||material plane| ||elysium|||
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gf2Hwvlg4BjxUwCGIwbS28E9\_QstsehzIEMtMX087gw/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gf2Hwvlg4BjxUwCGIwbS28E9_QstsehzIEMtMX087gw/edit?usp=sharing)
a knife and a black opal worth X
&gt;more like a " real game" than CR. &amp;#x200B; that's why i like it more aswell. (i still love CR, but MCDM is just funny with the banter and very recognizable.) &amp;#x200B; and the players just slagging Matt is hilarious to me and very relatable.
domestik is what they are called.
does it have to be drow deity? does it have to be a good deity? the most notable example is Drizzt and he converted to meliki, a non drow deity. &amp;#x200B; and why cant you play an evil drow? what's the appeal of playing a reformed drow? doesnt that defeat the entire purpose of playing a drow?
i'm going to say, it's the least inspired choice you can make for a drow character that's not evil. &amp;#x200B; this is going to get me a ton of flak, but #notalldrow might aswell be #whybotheratall.
i think the "mercer effect" is more about other people and less about CR. imagin people have never heard of football and only watch worldcup matches, they now begin to play football and are dissapointed by the fact that they cant even punt the ball in the direction they want it to go or the distance they have in mind. &amp;#x200B; that's what the "mercer effect" is for DND. people get into it and expect to immideatly be as good at playing a character as profesianal voice/actors. CR is certainly amazing and we will never have anything like this for DND ever again, but you cant 'start' at this level. MM has been dm'ing for longer then i've been whiping my own ass and it shows.
i dont misunderstand warlocks, i just dont like them. it's easy to blame ignorance for something that's just an opinion. &gt; they are not full casters, for one. additionally at level 11 you mystic arcanum which lets you cast a six level spell once with no slot, and then the same thing for 7th, 8th and 9th level spells. This means you can cast 9 spells per fight as a max level warlock. Four of them are fifth level, and then you have one at 6th, 7th, 8th and 9th. at 18th level, a wizard can cast unlimited\* amount of second level spells, but ok, you are probably right. &amp;#x200B; \* unlimited amount of slots for 2 spells; 1 of first level and 1 of second level
you might not, but i do. also, you can achive that by level 2 and spend the remaining 18 levels in something else and achive the same results.
you have a tough time dying and get even angrierier and later on your crits do even more damage and you become even more angrierierier. and that's just the base class.
your point? what god does she follow? nothing in your backstory makes any sense with the established drow lore btw. both nature and nurture. and isnt that why we go to drow? that might be me, if you enjoy your character, power to you, but all I see is a chewed out cliché that doesnt gel with esthablished lore.
zat ook in een groep met Pieter, maar ben met een andere reden daar wegegaan (2 jaar terug middels) Dat is net ff te jong voor mij, Succes
voor mij is bereikbaarheid een belangrijk detail. ik heb een auto, dus als ik kan parkeren is het ook goed, maar dat moet niet al teveel kosten.
Let me first say: Play waht you want, my opinion doesnt matter at all. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; BUT, what you said is beyond me and i would like you to explain. because you play drow wrong (in my opinion) i shouldnt play drow? &amp;#x200B; to me, the whole point of playing a drow, is to play a power hungery, selfish, ruthless character. like all the best drow are. the entire reason drow are cool is because of this. Granted, this character doesnt fit in 93% of the parties, so i hardly ever play him. but if you do have players who are willing to fullfill the need for a party of evil mercs, then it's the perfect character to be in charge of said group; arrogant, capable and demeaning, willing to leave everyone behind if the mission succes is achieved. &amp;#x200B; that's a Drow.
you sure? "1-3" seems to imply something else though.
## Mystic Arcanum &gt; At 11th level, your patron bestows upon you a magical secret called an arcanum. Choose one 6th-level spell from the warlock spell list as this arcanum. &gt; &gt;You can cast your arcanum spell once without expending a spell slot. You must finish a long rest before you can do so again. 1-3 spells per short rest + 1 extra per day. well, this certianly proves me wrong /s take a hike, read a book. i highly recommend the 5th editions Players handbook for DND.
make the party level 2
obviously i'm joking, but i do truly dislike the warlock. at the end of the day, it's a one trick pony. the trick might differ from pony to pony, but you only get so many tools and tend to burn through a lot of your resources quicker then other classes (or you are hoarding them "for the right moment" that never comes) &amp;#x200B; and the way it's presented leaves me wanting and i mostly want more spell slots.
you can get AB at level 2.
how do people run naxxramas in a day? they dont, they do a wing at a time. &amp;#x200B; Sunless citadel has 2 main dungeons. * the top floor, with the goblin/kobold war * bottom floor, with the evil druid shit. &amp;#x200B; but whiteplume mountain can be split up for a wing per session awell and when i played it like that i felt good and natural to stop after getting 1 of the weapons. you could also present it like a trap and act like the other hallways are SUPER TRAPPED and that it's only 1 wing.
atleast the class is invocking. because i do have a hexblade in my folder of character to play next. something i cant say about the druid. i mean, i want to play one, but i cant tie the class to a character i want to play.
that leaves room to extend the session, should they rush through it.
Farbauti, who impregnated Laufey with a thunderbolt from which Loki was then born. **Vorbout**: father of dark tidings
A meme is also a easily shared/dominant gene.
That's bard to a T. But, spells can be a bit overwhelming for new players so i have some other suggestions: Ranger: half the spells, half the worries. Good damage at any range. Rogue: 0 spells, great at skill checks, but might be a bit tricky if you don't know how Sneaking and sneak attack works. Fighters: vanilla af, but ib a good way.
Dwarfs get medium armor, which is nice or extra hp. Hobgoblins get light armor, so you can take 'moderately armored' for medium armor and a shield. Gnomes i feel like are often overlooked. Goliath get the damage reduction thing. Goblins can have additional bonus action to get out of melee / danger. Ganasi?
My top 3. 3, my drow fighter samurai who i designed to kill a invisible beholder. A NE repo expert tasked with retrieving "lost treasure" and bring it back to the underdark. 2 his predecessor, Halius, the fire wizard, once used 9 misty steps to gtfo! 1 zeal: my tiefling Paladin 2, bard x murder machine of lawful stupid BS. (closer to CG than I might actually suggest) He wielded a morning star in one hand and a banner in the other and was a smite pumping machine!
Formatting doesn't cost extra. &gt;The Atonement effect provided by the Ceremony spell returns a creature to its original alignment, provided the user succeeds in a Wisdom check, and the affected creature is willing. &gt; &gt;Per the Monster Manual, PC vampires receive a forced alignment change to Lawful Evil when they become a vampire, and lore-wise, all once positive emotions become corrupted, such as love turning to obsession. &gt; &gt;So my question is, could Ceremony be used to return a vampire to their previous alignment, or does changing into a vampire instantly warp one's mind so much that they could never desire to not be Evil, and therefore never be willing to accept the Atonement effect? &gt; &gt;And assuming a vampire could return to their original alignment using Ceremony, would they gradually return to their natural Evil inclinations, or would the return of their original alignment represent a purging of the natural vampiric tendencies from their psyche?
I don't play with alignment because it lacks nuance. And what you are describing only provides my choice.
The third level spell?
That's insanely op
It has to do with the action economy, not concentration.
So it wasn't what "i thought he meant"? The clue was in the name and the level.
H
Jon should quit the group. Why can't you kick him and finish the campaign?
Let's summon the flow chart! "i sing and fart and here by summon..."
What about the "stormcast eternal" from the Warhammer age of sigmar?
You don't have to play dnd with friends, they can be strangers for the first few sessions.
or these: [https://www.games-workshop.com/en-NL/Stormcast-Eternals-Paladins-Decimators](https://www.games-workshop.com/en-NL/Stormcast-Eternals-Paladins-Decimators) [https://www.games-workshop.com/en-NL/Stormcast-Eternals-Liberators-2017](https://www.games-workshop.com/en-NL/Stormcast-Eternals-Liberators-2017)
Kaballist Spell monger But you should note, "the witcher" only became cool after it's success.
And quest frames are now obtainable via simaris (for an insane grind). So you could get rid of them without feeling bad.
I bought that fuck off big slave 1 and it is amazing! I'm 27 and highly recommend it.
For about 100k rep per bp.
Glitched modrons get taken behind the shed.
In the Netherlands we don't have guns and shoot outs. So maybe there's cause/effect going on.
&gt;Like diversity What is your source? Because US journalism is notoriously bad at covering international news. For example: - the inauguration of the Dutch king was covered from Copenhagen, Denmark. - we supposedly had a Muslim invasion and instituted save zones. - the elderly are required to have notes saying "do not euthanize" All of which is bullshit hype news and bad journalism. So give me a source.
Easy to say it's a whitewash if it's literally been 5 days and changing work environments and the work ethic / mindset is not something that you can do in a week. We would have to wait and see. Also, why do people work for someone who is exploiting them? Talk to your representative.
Are they? Maybe because you start in a grineer mission.
And 2 of those are dutch. We have a German lass and a Belgian dude A Indian fellow, the daughter of a Brazilian farmer and a fortune seeker from kongo. So check your sources.
i still dont have a source for that BS you are spouting
why would i? we dont. mostly because the NL is about half the size of south carolina and we just dont have any wasted space. but you knew that, didnt you.
what are "seeker" warlocks?
did it die in the first round or something?
Did you learn anything from this?
How is lolth fey! She's a fiend from the abyss! Her only goal is to sew chaos, she once sent the most powerful house of menzoberranzan to conquer a Dwarven city, just so it would lose some of its strength, thuse creating power vacuums and chaos as the lower houses fight for control!
You don't have to pay for formatting
/u/doomrice
Totally right, ranger can't carry the hp loss alone. I could also switch the warlock and the Paladin
The exercise was to make 3 parties of about equal strength.
&gt;Point Buy all the way. I like being in control of my stats, and everyone gets the same ~~chances.~~ choices.
I played mine ruthless and calculating. Example from the tomb of annihilation: My drow fighter was the leader of a mercenary company and half of us got split up in the tomb and found another adventuring party (older characters). 3 of us got stuck in a room with 1 druid. All 3 of us are martial type archers needing 2 hands, him being a human who can't see in the dark. The dm would probably have allowed me to switch fighting styles if I would "sacrifice" myself To get out, one of us had to cut off his arm, from the elbow down. We didn't even look for a alternative exit, i gave the order (after deliberating it with the druid, he would get greater restoration next level, so he was fine with this narrative), we surround him, took his scimitar of sharpness and cut of his arm so cleanly you would have thought he was born with a stump. The blood being the only give award.
or have the wiater give them a tip &amp;#x200B; OF HER PENIS!
probably, but that's up to the DM. &amp;#x200B; 5e is balanced without magic weapons, so you dont need to.
You could have bullets fired do less damage... Borderlands jokes aside, who was the previous owner?
&gt;An elf in half-plate strides toward an orc warchief. His spear lashes out and keeps the orc distracted while his mount, a great wyvern, flies down to take the orc from behind. Very well, not sure how. &gt;A brass dragonborn glides like a wraith into a bandit keep. The men and women panic and flee the sudden eruptions and necrotic energies. They flee into the night only to be slain by blasts of necrotic energy. Good coffee, dark and flavorful &gt;Two heavily armored knights face off: one a half-orc bound by a Solar, the other an aasimar assassin of Asmodeus. Their weapons glow with runes of green flames and become wreathed in shadows, as they charge intent on their opponents doom. Angelic orcs vs Demonic half angels? Just make the orc a dk if you want to subvert expectations.
Who is this in reply to?
And try to have fun. Fun with other people being cool.
Are you going to buff pure classes as well?
What does it do? Why is this such a good combo that it would label you as a dick? I don't see it.
I would feel out the group first and start "power gaming" afterwards. I'm pro playing "effective" characters, but there are levels of power gaming.
I can tell you that: I don't want to learn a new system.
True, but even if it was to a lesser extent, people always reply like you do: "WhY aRe YoU uSinG dND?" It's because i like dnd, just not the setting
because that's what i know. i dont want to learn new math and balance. if i'm going to DM, want to know i'm a master of the system.
but i want my gameplay to be more along the lines of 5e. with the damage increases being part of the class progression, for martial classes that's at 5, 11 and 17, the start of a new tier. in SF it's when the DM feels like giving it to you or if you get lucky and kill the npc you werent supposed to kill yet.
There's 2, leucrotta being 1, what's the other one?
I'd buy it
Don't have the boss be alone, give him minions. High ac, so only a roll of a 17+ can hit. Enough hp to survive 4 rounds of nova.
I think that you would be better served by either barbarian Or (and this going to be a wierd one) No class and just back it up with some stats.
The vampire is only 1 vampire, he'll go down pretty fast. the room in front of it, with the champions and the knights, that's going to be tougher. I think forge of fury might be better. And for the buff: crusaders mantel, a Paladin spell
Or 4 extra levels in full caster.
* holding a shield and shooting a crossbow at the same time. * wielding a 2 hander and a shield * wielding weapons and using material componants * wielding more weapons.
A mean girl with a lisp? Did you mean "lich"?
Don't be that guy.
Don't be that guy who's only purpose it is to out shine the other players.
I heard about the the under-fey
Neat! What picture?
That's not at all what he said.
All you need is a cleric with spiritual weapon, blast 36 hp from the elemental and follow it with a pwk.
What does it do again?
Depends a lot on the other abilities.
Why does it do bludgeoning damage? Also, just use a dagger.
r/hungryartists
No.
You can do all those things with a dagger. The only thing a sai doesn't have is a cutting edge, but neither does a dnd dagger.
Is it a swinging or thrusting motion?
you get 3 missions of the same (or lowest) level mission as when you entered the plain.
0
1. be lucky with nightmare missions 2. buy it from a player
"Boem is ho" Je merkt het vanzelf. "plons is water" Of niet.
My top 3. 3, my drow fighter samurai who i designed to kill a invisible beholder. A NE repo expert tasked with retrieving "lost treasure" and bring it back to the underdark. 2 his predecessor, Halius, the fire wizard, once used 9 misty steps to gtfo! 1 zeal: my tiefling Paladin 2, bard x murder machine of lawful stupid BS. (closer to CG than I might actually suggest) He wielded a morning star in one hand and a banner in the other and was a smite pumping machine!
I got... Distracted
Wait for me
limbo's rift and anything related to it.
Have you heard anything about the "rise of the drow"?
At the start of adventure, don't fight drow, fight their slaves. Don't diminish the treat of the drow.
Wizzard...... ... Is there a spell lodged in your mind?
I get what you sre saying, but if you didn't mock that character, would it be genuine? Isn't that part of the character's identity? How they deal with the mocking?
What do you want to know first?
Not in 5e either
^(if you use lower case r it works) r/imsorryjon
I think you are grossly under estimating how good of a player she is. She is probably the one with the best knowledge of mechanics.
It used to be a lot more frequent, back when the game was about the dungeon. Now a days, it's more about the player characters. --- To answer your question: One per party per main arc, if the players play smart. I've killed characters more often, mostly because the owner requested it. And I've lost 3 characters in toa, because... It's toa But there is no rule for it.
Can you make a stat block?
Scout rogue!
Link?
What is wrong with the screen shot? And if this is what you want, what does matter?
At level 1 that's a d4. So you would use 2 hands for your main action attack and a different limb for your bonus action (headbutt or kick for example)
Glad to see I'm not the only one who smells something is off
Who needs weapons?
The most important thing in 5e combat is the "action economy". As a rule of thumb i try to add 1.5 times the amount of players to the encounter.
Question: Wtf is that sub?
2 is simple: using his attack action to grapple (pin) Opposed strengt checks, defender can opt to use dex.
Are you an elf? Elven accuracy is pretty good
i dont know who told you rangers are underpowered, the only place that matters is combat. and that's the only pillar rangers DONT suck, atm. &amp;#x200B; what weapons do you use? (guessing bow)
who's who?
ok, it's your turn 1, what do you do?
why do you feel like you arent doing it right? what are you comparing yourself to?
fighter isnt outclassing you, is he? how is the rogue outclassing you? dont compare yourself to full casters.
does he have SS or GWM? if so, get SS yourself and you should be topping him again.
Sharpshooter and great weapon master
Look at the correlation between 1 cr2 monster and 2 cr1.
What video is this in?
Read chapter 1 and 2 of the phb. Don't expect the cure for stupid on the internet.
