I am actually looking forward to seeing whether he will tryhard and play serious or just try to pull of his usual zany shit.
360° zeus noscope.
I think this is the easiest one I have seen so far, don't know why I couldn't find this one despite trying for hours, maybe something to do with the weird rebound of that brickwork!
So trolling basically.
Does anyone else get this Microsoft Software Protection Platform Service using a lot of CPU % https://i.imgur.com/5PIfp8F.png ? It seems to run even when CSGO is running (I don't play other games, so this is why I am asking here!) Could this be affecting performance? I know you can't really just get rid of it. P.S. Some have mentioned it might be caused by pirate Windows - I have a legal Windows key, I should mention.
It's still a meme - you buy it when you are way ahead (or behind) and with a bit of practice (aim, prefire for a second until the spray "focuses" and then strafe out). I am really bad with it but it never ceases to amaze me how often my teammates get kills with it (and I occasionally try to peek it thinking to prefire the shooter and get owned because the damage ticks down too quickly).
In my opinion no-one is watching where their bullets go per se, I am not sure what your friend means by that - it may be some way that helps him to visualise his aim. But I think most players use the crosshair to place the first shot accurately, and then muscle memory to control the spray after that. As far as watching the bullets after that, I don't - I watch the crosshair, because as long as you can keep it horizontally central on the player you will be somewhat accurate. That is explained in this video which I found quite helpful https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qe_iGGvn1-I
Speaking as a native English speaker who is fluent in Serbian, is involved in languages as a profession, and hears a LOT of Serbs speaking English, Janko's English is nearly word-perfect grammatically speaking, and he has a very good vocabulary. I would say his accent is perhaps not as good as it could be, considering his superb spoken English. If he worked on it a bit his English would be Anders-level.
&gt;time for you to eat your ~~words~~ shoes
As someone who has played CS from almost the very beginning (and is still absolute trash at it, and getting worse by the year :D) - it's hard to put your finger on why this game is SO addictive. WHY do we continually play the SAME rounds, on the SAME maps, over and over again? It might almost seem pathological, until you watch something like the recent major, where even a first-time viewer can get a sense of why this game is so damned good. It's because EVERY match, *EVERY round is almost completely different*, no matter how many times you play it! When the freeze timer ends and you run out of spawn, you just never know exactly what is going to happen, what situation you are going to encounter, what enemy ploy you are going to have to adapt your skills (or lack thereof) to. And there seems to be no limit to the new winning tricks and strategies that can emerge from the basic ruleset. I think it's this emergent gameplay that makes CS so bloody compelling: it's maybe like soccer, another game that is played over and over, day in, day out, by millions all over the world - an incredibly simple ruleset (kick the ball up the field and into the goal / kill the enemies and plant the bomb), yet an infinity of possibilities emerging from it. I think that's got to be the secret sauce the makers of CS found - by happy accident or otherwise - and it's what most other competitive games (or ones that aspire to be - OW, khm khm) simply lack. Find me another competitive game that can do this (PUBG has some of the elements, but not all, I don't think) and I will stop playing CS, but I've been waiting nearly 20 years now...
Oh, I agree, I think what I am talking about is pure mechanical skill, and the fact that even a casual viewer can understand it when a player pulls off a sick play in CS, whereas in DoTa I would have no clue, for example. I think it's that accessibility that makes CS so successful - kids can watch pro players for the first time and within 5 minutes they can be saying "I want to play this game like them!"
Yeah, the game doesn't NEED new weapons, there are infinite possibilities with the ones we already have - finding new ways to abuse them. Who would have thought that after the Tec-9 was nerfed, the CZ (with no buff at all, in fact supposedly nerfed two years previously!) would suddenly become the new eco meta and become just as powerful as the Tec-9 was in the right hands. And yet a year down the line maybe someone is going to go, wait, actually the TEc-9 is still really strong if you use it in such-and-such a way and maybe it will come back. Other games just seem to need to keep adding crap to keep them interesting...
HEs used to be a one-shot kill even on an armoured opponent? Can't remember now.
He, funny thing is, I consider those guys "kids", even though they are actually in their late 20s and married with kids, most of them - just because they used to be in a youth group I led. I am 15 years older than them, but have been trying to get them to buy CSGO for 2-3 years now. I just can't play 1.6 now - for all its positives, and even certain advantages over CSGO, it just feels horrible watch and play now :). But I join them when they have a LAN party, a couple of times a year - here's one clip I happened to record, with me showing them how to eco ;) https://plays.tv/video/58628649ae1af20a68/-ja-bolje-s-pi-toljima-igram-ovo-sve-ostalo-manje-vi-e-?from=user (and who says pistols are OP in CSGO only!)
Oh yes, very true. I feel like there is a bit too much boring running in PUBG, plus I feel like the initial landing and finding items is kind of contrived and a bit too much down to luck and finding the right stuff. Not saying it's bad, I just mean CS just doesn't seem to have those "minor" niggles, it's pretty much non-stop action (unless you die - and that's what you're trying to avoid, after all), and encounters with other players are very predictable in a way, and down to skill.
Consider it done!
Yeah, we still do LAN parties once or twice a year, we mostly seem to play hostage maps for some reason. Mansion is always on the list, and there is a small one called Fat Mansion that we always play too, because it's good even when you don't have 5v5, which we often don't.
Now I had to go and watch this again: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oykbxb-CNc
Vote tactical timeout.
It's a weird stereotype, I kind of know Russians, I spent 6 months in Russia, speak quite good Russian, get on fine with most Russians in MM, but there is always that one solo Russian guy on FaceIT constantly screaming "waddafak yu duing nubs" even when we are winning and outfragging him, to the point you have to mute him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYl5LkUkehA
Yeah, when I see that I always think, why am I so bad at this game and they are so good, and then I think, but wait, I have never even seen a pro do that, never mind some MM scrub in an actual match, so just let them do their thing, I am sure they are having fun.
Is it?! Oh! Thanks! 3 years?! That means I have been playing CS for somewhat more than 3 years and still completely suck, #feelsbadman
Yeah, try around 3k hours plus countless more in 1.2-1.6 and never got out of MG ranks, sad story.
So the moral is, if it seems like a bloody stupid idea, it probably is.
I assume he means other people's.
I mean, I can't even play while I am playing.
But how did he know the guy was going to flash himself, that's what I don't get!
Damn, this happens to me occasionally, my drop bind is on the side of my mouse next to my reload button, so I drop instead of reloading. Also, I have a mollie select bind on my mouse, so once in 5 matches I pull out a mollie in the middle of a firefight - feelsbad but I can't be bothered to find a way to fix it.
A valid question. I've been playing with this setup since 1.5 and before so it's kind of hard to change now - I can't quite believe I would be able to find the key easily enough when I needed to. Same reason all my nades are on my mouse, I can't imagine hunting for x, c, v or whatever when I need a nade. Also, I mean you see this happen to far better players than me - I am sure even if it's on a key you can still press it by accident..?
Ah, OK, yeah, the guy was going to just flash and straight away peek into his own flash I guess. Seems weird he stayed in that awkward spot behind the pillar though (the other guy, not Shroody).
Oh you're right - I actually played 1.6 (and all FPS shooters before that - from Doom onwards!) with reverse Y axis :). And quickly changed when I realised in CSGO that it was stupid. I also moved to using ESDF (next to WASD) after years of using RTHN (yeah, don't ask). Honestly, it only took a few matches on both occasions, so yeah... Habit more than anything. I suppose what I am really saying is I kind of like it like this despite the slight flaws that get me killed once in a while. When it's working properly it's so easy to pull out a nade or drop my gun when I can use mouse buttons.
Hmm, well, I was playing 1.6 until about 3 years ago, cos I didn't even know CSGO was out :). But actually you are right, I don't think I was using mouse nade binds for very long in 1.6, it was primarily the drop and reload binds I was thinking of. Nades were so much weaker in 1.6 (shorter throw distance, crappier smoke) that honestly I don't think I used them that much. I was never any good in those old versions (nor now, come to that).
&gt; Its not as bad as it sounds Oh, OK. &gt;it pops up and into your eyelid basically and you cant close it. Er, no, still sounds bad.
Yes, I can't for the life of me remember which mouse I was using (probably just some crappy office job!) but I am pretty sure I had the drop bind on my mouse virtually from day one, so that would be like 2001 or something?! Yeah, there were no smoke lineups I think for the simple reason smokes didn't go anywhere NEAR as far as they do now. I remember playing 1.6 quite recently and I tried to toss a smoke short on Dust 2 from CT ramp and it just feebly flew through the air and dropped like a stone into CT spawn.
Hmm, yeah, though I suppose if my eye has popped out under my eyelid I'm just not going to be thinking, "Hmm, could be worse".
Oh, I can talk the hind legs off a donkey - after I am dead of course! Politics, the weather, bomb plant tips, you name it!
I've written this before somewhere: make sure you eliminate your PC as the cause of problems like this. Lately I have been careful to turn off ANYTHING running in the background that could introduce lag or affect performance. Although Windows OUGHT to manage background tasks and they shouldn't affect your game, in practice it just isn't like that. Yesterday I had Chrome open (typically I have a lot of tabs open) and was playing a community server, something felt off again. I shut down the game, checked task manager, sure enough Chrome was hogging like 30% of CPU, even though you couldn't necessarily feel the game slow down, just this feeling something was "not right". I close down Chrome, get back in-game and the difference is huge - even though FPS did not increase drastically. FPS might not be the best guide anyway - mine jumps around a lot and I never know what to expect any more, especially on new maps vs. old maps etc. After that I played MM and had a really good - NORMAL game, where I can routinely frag MGEs no problem (instead of being rekt by Gold Novas). Chrome even seems to hog GPU power, and you won't see this in Task Manager. TL;DR; - shut everything down before you play, including background processes, anything that looks CPU or GPU-hungry. EDIT: oh, btw, I have also had malware directly impacting my game performance by thrashing certain processes and slowing things down, you should look into that too - I didn't think I was the type to get infected by malware, but there are different kinds - maybe something you THINK should be on your PC maybe shouldn't.
I bet that looked shady af from his viewpoint.
It's this procedure: But I don't THINK it's relevant anymore since Valve changed something or other. Always worth a try though. &gt;type snd_updateaudiocache into console &gt;press enter &gt;type snd_rebuildaudiocache into console &gt;press enter
I always say this: you should really look into whether you are having technical issues. If you are inexplicably losing every aim duel it really could be due to some kind of lag being introduced, maybe by some dodgy background processes, without you really noticing. It's easy for people to say "git gud", but bottom-fragging THAT badly (let's face it even a gold nova can get a kill or two in a LEM game just by being in the right place at the right time) doesn't make sense. I have had problems like this in the past (the worst was caused by malware) and I was getting literally 6 kills in a match. When I fixed them I literally gained 3 or 4 ranks within a short space of time (GNM to MGE, but the rank is really irrelevant). Make sure nothing in the background of Windows is using a lot of CPU - or GPU. Chrome is always bad for me too.
Supposedly they fixed that bug - and in any case the exploit only worked by crashing the server before the match ended, which didn't happen in your case. But it does just happen randomly sometimes - some demos just can't be downloaded. It MAY mysteriously fix itself after a day or so, if you have not played too many matches in the meantime. Of course, you can't discount that it's an exploit of some kind...
From problems I have had in the past I concluded that **fps_max 0** was what worked best for me. Locking it at any value might give more consistent FPS but I believe (someone can correct me if I am wrong) but it can introduce a form of input lag a bit like vsync, where the PC waits to draw a frame even though the frame is ready. I mean, worth a try to experiment.
But CSGO is like that, the tiniest stupid little thing can affect the game to the point where it's unplayable. People struggle for months wondering why they are so bad at the game when in fact it can be a technical issue. So much random stuff going on on Windows machines, you have to look into every possibility if you feel something is "off" with your setup - I have had this happen several times, where I have literally tweaked one thing and it's been like night and day. And no, it's not placebo, I know when I am peeking and spraying and losing the fight every time because the fps dips and the spray stutters, and when everything is buttery smooth and the enemy team suddenly look like bots.
But isn't it more like homeopathy? There are literally 3 atoms of Jesus in the whole wafer?
Ha well, that might be true and might not be. If I have played comfortably at DMG and then derank all the way to GN3 because I am just getting outpeeked every time, then to me there is clearly an issue, and it's not 'just me' because I am not suddenly going to lose the ability to win duels against GNs, so I look for other explanations, and on several occasions now I have found them. Currently I am comfortable that my setup is actually working and if I lose it's purely my own (lack of) skill so I am cool with that, but in fact I am on a good win streak again now having fixed some problems (some errant processes in Windows in this case, plus some AMD drivers that needed reinstalling/updating.)
We just bought a new (actually old) house in the country, it has a wood-burning stove in the kitchen, which is probably where we would sleep in winter if we stay there (the house is mostly for summer use) because it's the only room we can get warm. There is no way that thing can be 100% safe though, and no way we are sleeping there without a CO detector.
What about wood?
I have read that it is not such a big risk as gas and oil, but I guess I wouldn't take any chances. There was also some story I dug up about the ashes, if left in a bucket, releasing CO into the room for some time after. "Far wood", lol, I had to think about that one for a minute!
I mean, I can't deny that possibility, I know for sure that confidence is a huge factor, and also getting enough sleep etc. (for me, at least - I don't get enough). But there have just been periods where I couldn't get more than 5 kills in a match, every fight I have taken I lose even if I had peeker's advantage. Sprays don't seem to work right - I strafe out, spray, counter-strafe (which I do without thinking, have been playing for 15 years) and the spray just doesn't connect, or the guy seems to have the advantage over me even though I peeked him. And then I fix a problem (like Chrome using 30% of CPU) and suddenly I can just FEEL a difference. Maybe it's placebo, but I really doubt it. I just don't know if you can slump that badly that you can't beat people 3-4 ranks lower than your usual rank..
This is probably true in most businesses actually, I am in a completely different line of work (translation services), but I far prefer to work B2B, it's just way less hassle, I don't need to listen to each and every person's life story, I don't want to be chasing some random no-name for payment later, and I get far more repeat business from other businesses, too. Oh, and working with cash is a pita as well, at least in my country, I'd rather they just pay via invoice and it land in my account.
Shoppers and their witticisms. My friends used to work in the UK DIY chain called Do-It-All. Whenever a customer asked for anything that they didn't stock, the inevitable quip was always: "OH, SO YOU DON'T DO IT ALL, DO YOU?"
Same here, any other game has been played a mere fraction of the time compared to CS. I just can't see what else would keep my interest at this point, especially as I can get SO much better at CS, just one more match...
Over 2k hours in CSGO, countless more in previous versions going back 15-20 years, still never been out of MG ranks, guess I am not a natural :D
Isn't it strange - the person that wants to die, who doesn't see any other way out, feels that death is the only option that will finally stop the pain. While the rest of us would want to talk them out of it (hence this thread), tell them life is worth living, feeling that death is NOT the answer or route we want them to take. Yet we don't actually know if being dead solves anything at all, nor do we know for sure if it's a good or bad thing, leaving all religious beliefs aside for a moment - we just don't know what comes after. Dunno why I wrote that really, but it's a strange thought, here we are discussing something - death - we really know nothing about because none of us have been there, and we can't even say if being dead is bad or good. All I can say is what a friend once told me who was having suicidal thoughts: What keeps me going is that for all I know this is the only life I've got and will ever have, and it's worth hanging onto just for that.
What's taters, Precious?
Thinking about it, I don't remember the last time I played with someone who gave a crap about skins. Maybe Trust Factor tends to weed them out too, lol.
Yeah, before it was those excitable 14-year-olds wanting to show off the AWP Asimov they supposedly "won betting" or "got in a case" (i.e. bought with parents' credit card). I just don't seem to see them anymore, though TBF that was back when I was silver/GN, maybe they are all still there. Either way, my MM experience is much improved, definitely helps explain the decline in "player" numbers - probably most of them were barely playing anyway.
But almost all the people banned in my matches are like that. I look at the match we played in and they were bottom-fragging 75% of the time, how does that even work? I mean, I am only in MG ranks so maybe they ranked up later with their cheats, but it seems weird they never seemed to be actually cheating in MY match. Here's a recent one from mid-May: https://i.imgur.com/ikbJHWb.png - only thing I can think is that he was feeding the other guys info, but where's the "fun" in cheating then, I don't really get it.
I tried smurfing with Tec-9 only (well, on T-side, obviously) last night and still found it pretty viable for some one-taps at mid-range, but I doubt I could do it at any sort of higher rank. Still, I wonder if people will suddenly go "Oh wait, this is still a really good gun" for some weapon or other that's been under our noses the whole time, especially if the CZ gets nerfed.
I had a feeling someone was going to say something like that!
I dunno, I mean I genuinely can't use the 5-7 anymore since they nerfed it. Before it was good for so many 3Ks on eco rounds it was unreal. Maybe I just need to adapt.
When it's like that you just want to pop the whole thing in the dishwasher, clean as a whistle.
Yeah, I think I am still wanting to run and spam with it, got to get into the habit of doing more like a strafe and ba-ba-bam, I mean it seems very accurate now for the first few shots.
Oh P250 definitely, I get so many kills at long range. As long as you get the headshot you are golden.
I don't feel I am really a natural parent tbh, just bumbling through it like everyone else.
Came here hoping to grab this sweet karma.
My theory is that he is some kind of 30-year-old cheater who wanted, Dan M-style, to prove that cheating was prevalent in the pro scene, that FaceIT and the community could be played for idiots and that he could get to the highest level with cheats, except he got called out hard. Except that doesn't really explain the mic stuff, so wild theory no.2 is that he is actually a SHE and wanted to prove herself without all the prejudice, but the web of lies came unravelled. Or theory number 3, the kid isn't 17, but like SEVEN years old, and wouldn't even be allowed to play if he fessed up.
and viewpoints
Oh YES! Damn, how do I fall for that one every time!
OK, 8-year-old, then! I mean, some of the excuses/explanations sound like a small child made them up...
Not wanting to jump the gun here but I am thinking a full port to Source 2, and a new Operation (called Panorama).
I was thinking scalding water, to give them that rosy pink healthy look.
999 was giving me nasty lag, I was reborn when I changed it to 0, just saying, try everything, set it back if things are worse.
I mean, I would probably play that much even without getting paid, if only I had time for more than like 3 matches a week, love this game but, you know, life.
Haha, I might reach Global before *I* die - I am 45, been playing since around 2000, am still complete trash, used to play a LOT in the evenings, just casual community servers in 1.5, 1.6 - now that I have a wife, kids, job etc. and I actually want to get better I am too old and have no time, feelsbadman.
So it actually takes longer to plant if you hold down mouse1 while running onto the bombsite? I've done it like that since forever, especially on Mirage A default spot where I always feel like the spot is hard to find unless I just hold down mouse, yet it seems to take forever to plant.
Right, I always hold down mouse1 and THEN "wedge", I should really get out of that habit. Actually I should stop planting default, but that's another matter!
No-one knows, sounds like he has some longer-term problems, pointless to speculate but it's likely he will be off Faze and if he ever comes back might have to look for another team.
Whenever you move you lose accuracy. So the most important skill is to learn to counter-strafe when peeking your opponent, i.e. to bring yourself to a stop, or even just change direction, just before you shoot. Once you have that skill you can do all kinds of different things in a 1v1 - e.g. tight-peek them or wide-peek them to throw off their aim. These both require proper counter-strafing so you can strafe out and stop and instantly be accurate. There are many other things you can do in a 1v1 like get into an off-angle where they won't expect you, prefire or spray, or hold the angle where you think they might peek, you can fake footsteps in a particular direction, I mean there is a whole world of 1v1 tips and tricks, but counter-strafing is the most important skill if you are specifically asking about accuracy.
Hmm, audio maybe not but video has definitely been a problem for me...
Thanks for the detailed run-down, yes, this is why I am interested in the A1 because of it having stock Android - I forgot to mention that part, but I assume it's MIUI that's causing these problems. I never managed to disable battery optimisation entirely in the way you describe - too late now, time for a new phone... Battery life on the Note 1S was amazing though, 3 days when I first got it, still getting a full day easily with heavy use even 18 months later or more, I was pretty blown away by that. I don't expect to get that again but the A1 looks like too much bang for buck to ignore (I am not in the business of spending a grand on a phone).
I don't mean the video is going over Bluetooth or anything, I mean the video (be it YouTube, Twitch or anything like that) will keep freezing up and buffering on my phone when I have my Bluetooth earphones paired up to listen to the audio. As soon as I switch them off the problem goes away. When I switch to 5Ghz wifi the problem also goes away.
I mean, you'll never be "ready", no amount of DM or Casual can prepare you (though playing some Retakes or Executes on community servers might give you an idea of the learning curve you face). At some point you just have to jump in, and that's where the real fun starts. The point of the game is to get better and learn, and only playing can provide that.
Oh, I realise it's pretty relative, but I mean for the price point it's reasonable, there are some god-awful camera phones out there. I don't want to win any National Geographic competitions with it, just don't want it to be complete trash.
You can find it easily enough, it's pretty grim just to think this is going on constantly, and that someone thought this was a humane way to kill something.
Yeah, I think maybe it's just because it's so macabre, I just think, can we really not do better than that? Anyway, who's to really say that it's painless. Maybe chicks perceive time differently from us, maybe the moment of maceration extends into an infinity of agonising pain.
Well you can't tell it's rotten until you get it home and cut it open, the struggle is real.
&gt; nightshits Your command of English sounds good to me.
Haha, yes, this is a thing - when I am reading to my kid sometimes I am also super tired and it just seems to send me to sleep. I will suddenly realise I have trailed off and said some random words like "find the sardines" which seemed to enter my head as I was dozing off.
Just turned 45, installed the HL mod way back in 2000 I think (yes, I was pushing 30 then!), got hooked, have played on and off ever since. Still absolute garbage at the game - like MG-level garbage - and just getting worse with age, but can't put the damned game down.
I seem to have good TF, or at least I have never had anyone tell me mine is lower than theirs, I only sometimes get that friends have lower than mine - I don't get a lot of cheats but every other match we face smurfs (well, they could always be cheating...), Gold Nova 2s dropping 30-bombs, that sort of thing. It makes for a very unbalanced experience approximately every other match, I am really not happy with it but I guess TF isn't meant to deal with smurfs per se...
Yes, that's literally how 'Elo'-type systems work, the points HAVE to be transferred from one team to the other, if you gained them then the other team lost them, you can't just hide them somewhere, the system will start to break down.
Agreed - I really have trouble finding time to play and sometimes that hour is all I have that day, or even that WEEK. After that maybe my family comes home, I have to get back to work, whatever, and I might just have to abandon if it went to never-ending OT. I need to know that the match can't possibly last more than the (fabled) 90 minutes and that's also why I only play FaceIT late evenings, just in case it goes to OT (it never has yet, even once, as it turns out).
Oh, brilliant. I am trying to get my brother back in the UK into CS (he is also 40-ish) so we can play together, but he is going to have a very long way to go to even get to MG ranks :/
YES! These are LONG overdue for an update, these actually look vaguely useful to a new player in Competitive.
Yeah, totally - I mean we don't get much time with wife, kids, job etc. I haven't actually "let" him play MM yet, I don't think I would put him in an MG game, he would get destroyed, I guess I'd have to fire up the smurf account and try to play fair and give him a crash course over Discord, I don't think the system lets you queue with such a big difference as, say S2-3 and MG2... So do you find yourself at a disadvantage being "old"? I definitely see my decision-making as kind of sluggish, and I just can't match the mechanical skills of people above DMG or so, learning new motor skills and hand-eye coordination is a big ask at this age I think!
Assuming you are capable of reasoned discussion and not just mindless insults of Internet strangers, my point was that I agreed with /u/xtcxx that the vote will always fail - it won't ever happen, ergo, not much point in having it, though they can put it in if they like, I didn't even say I was against having the option.
Haha, yeah, "mature". Same here, we try to run some cheeky strats, sometimes they work out, sometimes we just get outaimed and shut down regardless. We should probably start a Discord, though you are right, I barely get time for matches as it is but maybe I could idle in it and it would be a better option for finding matches when I haven't got a five (which is quite common when I do actually have time to play since it's often at weird times).
Dosia is the living embodiment, the literal earthly incarnation of Counter-Strike. No wonder the girls go crazy for him.
This guy smells apples.
"... so git gud scrub", it should add.
I don't know what the hell people were expecting - it's some new buttons.
I know a genuine Panaphonic when I see one!
Life seems worth living again, with shiny new menu buttons.
Oh Valve, you treat us mean but you keep us keen.
When are the rest of us going to get tradeable costumes???!
Huge if factual
W-wait - this is, can I say, big if true!
Yes, I never thought of the vacnet aspect, that it needs a better resolution to analyse the movement. But Overwatch definitely - when I watch my OWN demos, there are so many headshots that look like suspicious flicks but weren't at all.
N...no?
I know, right, I couldn't believe I got a red VAC message mid-game, and nor could my team-mates, as they know I would never cheat (Master Guardian for life, and proud), scary moment.
/r/madlads
Honestly, this VERY VERY rarely happens to me. I feel like the mid-ranks (sort of GN3 to MGE) must be populated by all the chill people who are neither good nor completely terrible at the game. Either that or Trust Factor is working, for me at least.
I think what you are seeing is something I still can't really pull off very consistently but you will see higher-skill players do (whom you probably meet in retakes). And I think when people say, duh, getting to Global is easy, I can't understand why people are stuck in silver, blah blah, they don't appreciate that maybe learning a mechanic like this comes naturally easily to them but is incredibly difficult for others and they never perfect the motor skills they need for it. What you see these guys doing is basically: 1) knowing that you are likely roughly in the spot you are (gamesense), strafing out 2) at some point (in milliseconds) seeing where you are, and starting to adjust their crosshair, which is already well-placed and doesn't need much adjustment 3) hitting the counter-strafe (early or late, depending on whether they decide to wide-peek or not) 4) making additional small adjustments to the crosshair as they counter-strafe 5) hitting left-mouse on your head 6) often IMMEDIATELY letting go of the counter-strafe and continuing in the direction they were going, or changing direction. All this happens in a split second of course, and the nature of latency in online gaming means it often seems like it's all happened in a single instant and you never stood a chance. Also it doesn't help that you were probably standing still at that moment, making you an easy target - constantly shifting positions is a big deal in CS. It's a hard skill to learn, for me, but when I pull it off very satisfying, as lower-skilled players are convinced it's some kind of cheating.
Yeah, I am originally from the UK but don't actually live there anymore, I live in the Balkans, but still get the same ping to EU servers pretty much, I play with UK people a fair bit actually, got a number of old-timers in my friends list (like w00k and Section if you have ever come across them), though we don't often get time to play these days... (EDIT: and they are usually drunk, lol)
PUBG is on sale for I believe the first time, it's 20 EUR now. I was going to finally buy it if it ever got reduced to that price, but now it's that price I feel strangely disinclined to buy it...
Deepfake the player's profile pic onto the player model.
Yeah, true, I am coming from CSGO so I am all too familiar with the cries of "dying game". However I have to say my rig is NOT optimal, it's about five years old now, so that could be a problem too... Also it seems weird coming late to a game that everyone has been playing for a year - everyone's going to be so much better at it than me, and servers aren't skill-matched like CS. It would be like being a CSGO silver and having to play MGs and higher until you got good enough, but getting stomped in the meantime...
Well it could be the software, how do you differentiate between impactful and non-impactful kills in a round? I think that's why 1 kill + bomb plant is probably the best solution because otherwise a team-mate could get 4 mop-up kills on ecoing players and steal the MVP even though his kills were fairly inconsequential. There are lots of situations where it would be easy for a human to call who was the most impactful player in a round but very hard for software. Plus it's interesting that even though planting the bomb and getting a kill gets you a guaranteed MVP (and probably helps you rank up), people still very rarely want to plant the bomb and would rather be the entry-kill hero, so usually toss the bomb to someone else, which sort of contradicts the claim people make that MVPs make people "play for stats". The only stats people still care about are kills, IMO, at least in MM.
&gt; if you plant the bomb and it blows up you get the MVP Are you SURE? You've got me doubting myself now, I could swear it's plant (yes, plus win round by explosion, I should have said) + 1 kill for Ts as well?
Yes, it was the first 3D 'FPS' I played but I'm not claiming it was the first ever, I wouldn't know what game that accolade would go to without Googling it, but I guess this was amazing for the way that the visuals were built out of character graphics (you couldn't do any bitmapping on the ZX81 as I recall). It was pretty scary for a 9-year-old too!
P.S. Just Googling around, one site at least claims 3D Monster Maze was the first 3D game on *[home computer](http://listverse.com/2010/05/11/15-firsts-in-video-game-history/)* but it does look like Ultima 1 had this first-person perspective space shooting sequence a year before that, but I suppose that was on MSDOS which is why they didn't refer to that as a 'home' computer game, a fairly academic difference now, really.
I know right, as we all discovered when we got the ZX81 home, started typing in ANY program and found it running out of memory within a few lines. "Er, Dad, you know you just spent 69.95 on that little black box with printed keys? Well now you have to spend another 39.95 on the RAM pack, just so we can do anything on it. And it falls out and crashes the computer at the slightest touch".
So another expat! Cool, hope we get to play sometime. I have to repair my rank slightly, I had a spell of somewhat late-night games and ended up in GNM. I find the ranks pretty random anywhere between there and about LE (i.e. the skill seems about the same, on average), but I should still really get back to the top end of that scale just for the sake of my pride and queuing with higher-rank friends :D.
I had a guy doing exactly that to me in one match. Was never banned...
Maybe I am getting whooshed here, why are you taking firewood camping?
I mean, it's not like even car camping is THAT luxurious, I have plenty of friends who wouldn't dream of "slumming it" even with a car in support (I have invited them). I am sure people here can argue all day about which is the more "authentic" experience, but I know just how little you can take in a backpack and how much it impedes you even then. It's not like we are taking a washer-dryer with us when we go by car.
Ah, good point. For some reason I thought of the guy who sold the sticks to one of the Three Little Pigs, though.
Ahhh... We camp wild so it's not a problem...
I know right, I mean I wouldn't call that super luxury, and I could think of plenty of friends who would call it inhuman deprivation :D. Anyway, I take the kids these days, so can't do it too wild, not till they get a bit older anyway.
Right, got you, we are talking about designating camping spots. We do all our camping wild because it's not an issue in our country (actually it's technically against the law but I really don't see anyone trying to stop us).
Sthg sthg skill ceiling.
I guess different people have different thresholds as to what they consider a "wild" experience. I have been on camping trips and my friends have said, oh, let's camp in the grounds of this hiking lodge, or these farmers said we could camp in their field, and I always veto this as I didn't come out into the wild to camp in someone's bloody garden! On the other hand, I am not actually into being eaten by bears or being too far away from some sort of civilisation just in case (especially with kids), so I guess it's what you enjoy, no point in anyone being a gatekeeper about it.
I thought it was just me! I've slid from MGE to GNM the last month or so, there is almost NO difference, on the average, I can get 30 kills against MG2s one day and struggle against Gold Novas the next, but actually seem to play worse against the lower ranks, due to the random shit people do (and the random shit I do, lol). There may be SOME cheaters, but mostly I just think the mid ranks are really mixed up these days.
I have had three now, (once I had two in the space of two days, one exploratory and one to remove a polyp), all three have been without anaesthetic. I am not really trying to be badass (pun not intended), it's just not THAT bad - of course it is very uncomfortable at times but it's over in maybe 10 minutes and I am IN and OUT of that surgery and DONE for like the next 3 years, no messing around in prep, getting knocked out etc. I guess people who have sedative/GA will also say it's no big deal, but it's worth it for me to endure a bit of discomfort and just be done with it. EDIT: oh yes, and I could watch my video feed.
I pay to have it done privately because you just can't get screening colonoscopies in my country on our state health insurance. And if you go private, you pay extra for anaesthetic, so yeah, that's another reason I don't have it :D
Yeah, I think I realise it in my heart of hearts, there are SO many players in these ranks of varying skill levels. And I end up in Gold Nova and underestimate them probably. Plus I am very inconsistent myself - I guess ranks are really not a perfect way of describing skill. Kind of wish I could skip over those ranks a little, I just don't have time to grind my way out.
Help me out with the idea of "baiting" team-mates and how to change my mindset. In solo-queue especially, but playing with friends too, I get impatient and will do stupid "plays" on T-side to try and entry sites because team-mates generally hang back a lot and I end up getting frustrated and just going, "OK, I am going in, screw you" and often dying without impact, or maybe getting one kill but with no team-mate to trade the second kill. I mean, it's hard to clear everything on a site by yourself, even though I know a lot of mollies, smokes etc., there is always the guy with the P90 hiding behind the box. This ends up with me often getting VERY bad stats in terms of k/d and not really impacting the game sufficiently. Help me visualise a different playstyle here, any ideas how should I play off team-mates more to take sites more effectively, e.g. Cache A or B - assuming the solo-queue situation where you can't really depend on people to do anything logical? I would say I am a very impatient and impetuous player (and in real-life too, lol) - I don't mean toxic, I am chill, I just mean I get bored of hanging around waiting for "picks".
/r/theydidthescience
Thanks for the feedback, yeah, I don't doubt you're right - change one of my IRL character traits so I can be a better person, and also get better at CS, sounds like a plan :D. That's gonna be pretty tough, but I feel like it's my main problem right now, keeping me in the mid-ranks.
Meh, I am between GNM and MGE depending on what kind of run I am having and how much solo-queue I have had to play! While I do know a few pop-flashes I don't feel like that's enough, there's always someone who isn't blind or is camping in some gay corner, I probably need to SOMEHOW learn to play patiently, I have no idea how to do that!
I never understood why team damage was turned off in 3rd-party pug services? Isn't it part of the skill of the game NOT to deal damage to your team-mates? If it's about stopping people griefing and trolling, well why is it turned on in MM then, where you would expect the most griefing and trolling? Yet I have had like ONE guy deliberately kill himself in my mollie in all the thousand MMs I have played.
Could be ANYWHERE. Tonnes of Roma people in Eastern Europe living near landfills like this - often it's not even a landfill, it's the detritus of their scavenging from dumpsters etc.
Goo work, Interesting, I feel sure the old CSGO Squad site had a generally lower number of wins for any given rank, I feel slightly better about being such a scrub despite my 500+ wins.
I am still hoping for this outcome. Got it moving again, but gonna leave it to the official service place on Monday. It won't start still, slight grinding noise, maybe it does just need to fill out with oil, or maybe I did more damage.
YES! This is rather irksome, I never understood why this is the way it is. Shft + F3 is damned useful, though, for sure.
They are all like that round here. They meet code for disabled access but are completely unusable.
45, nearly 20 years in CS, thousands of hours just in GO, can't stay beyond MG1, time to roll over and die, I think.
Jesus? The famous Jew?
IKR, free compost, I mow mine up, they get chopped fine into the bargain, by spring it's soil for tomatoes.
Because basic human needs revolve around human contact, love, relationships etc. Sitting at a laptop doesn't come close to meeting those. Got no friends? Go out and be a friend - that feeling will go away, I can pretty much guarantee it.
The most spontaneous stuff was back in the XFM days. I don't think you can quite relive that now, a lot of the Podcast and other stuff was just repeating the same jokes, which sort of gave away Karl as being just the naturally talented deadpan comedian that he is (I.e. he KNOWS he is being funny, repeating the gags kind of spoils it). Also Ricky's laugh is very fake after a while...
His clips are often outrageous because they are from regular ESEA (and sometimes FaceIt) PUGs so he often outskills the enemy players quite a bit. Not so many of his highlights are from FPL as he plays more serious and more carefully. Though I've seen him do the Train walbang in FPL a few times.
Yes - depressing... I think that is part of what makes the Tolkien opus so great, the way it makes you kind of yearn after a time gone by when there were more noble things in the Earth that were already being lost and would ultimately fade away (just leaving us human trash - a pale shadow ourselves of the once glorious Men). Oh, it's a good yarn as well.
Did you notice that [the other leaked map had an xl_ prefix](https://i.imgur.com/zlhrndX.png)? Weird... Extra-large? Is it possible they have somehow tweaked the engine to allow larger maps? What else could the xl_ prefix signify?
I mean, if any normal human being, especially outside the US, can see what a colossal muppet Trump is, then on a human level these leaders are going through the exact same emotions we all are, so it's kind of funny to project the thoughts that are going through our heads into theirs. Thoughts like "What the actual (*&amp;( is that idiot doing now?!"
Cruxal, what happened to him...
That's rough. I am going to say you need to stop just playing and playing and revisit the very basics: stopping before shooting, keeping your crosshair at head level. NOT overextending and taking unnecessary fights is also a big one. I bet you there is a LOT of room for improvement in all those areas. You also will need to grind a lot to get out of those ranks as there are such varied skill levels in there, smurfs and all the rest, but don't grind mindlessly.
Agreed, but quite often if you want to get aggressive you will take A-main with another guy and maybe smoke it off, so I can definitely see a situation where you could at least pop off a few shots safely (before there's a risk of getting pinched from Squeaky, too).
Definitely - it's weird that pros don't do more of it. I guess it's just a puggy thing to do, gives away your position, maybe only works once in 20 times, so they just don't bother...
They had to port the entire game to Source 2 just to be able to make a BR mode - you heard it here first.
I am thinking a 21Mb update? 22 tops. * Fixed various minor bugs.
Agreed, EU, can confirm updates almost always roll out in the middle of the night for us and we miss out on getting/selling new cases when prices are sky-high. And then you wake up and all the NA streamers are playing it, ugh.
I doubt it - it didn't look like FMPOne was really at an advanced stage of development, though they were only teaser photos, to be fair.
Yeah, it doesn't stop my five-year-old from asking me about it all the time - I need answers NOW!
Yeah, doubt it's any of those three :). Nah, it's an Operation or a new mode, plus potentially some new models, Christmas themes, stuff like that. Presumably something FAIRLY big for the game as a whole (not just one map or something).
Has it ever?
I think Panorama is kinda like the UI we should've had a long time ago so maybe that's why I am meh about it, but sure, I think they did a great job on it.
Yeah, most of them I turned a profit on too, though Hydra didn't honestly make me care enough to try to grind back the 5 EUR or whatever I paid :)
They taste d-eye-licious.
Yeah, just at the right time so the CSGO devs can knock off work and go straight home and farm the new cases. Sad.
Hello its me ur frends.
I know memes usually get deleted here, but I couldn't help it.
Well, all of us, let's be honest.
Yeah, I always wondered if they pull an all-nighter when they release a big update. Though judging by previous updates like the R8 one it's more like you say, they just press the UPDATE button, turn out the lights and go home, like, meh, I'm sure it'll be fine.
Yeah, once you have an auto you are pretty much 16:2 up or something anyway and just memeing at that point.
...leaving a sinking ship?
I don't think that's even an exaggeration. But he's missed it before, for sure. How bamboozled does he feel now, though!
Nah, look even at a Western leader who was very controversial (but not even remotely as corrupt and incompetent as this one) - Margaret Thatcher. There were many far less-than-glowing obituaries, especially from the left-inclined press. But who cares once they are dead, anyway - surely the wish is to see them pay for their sins while they are alive.
Remember when MC Hammer was going to launch a search engine to compete with Google?
What about a GEOTUS?
So I FINALLY had to look up what that meme is about :)
Look on the bright side, this topic pops up in a thread once in a while and it's people like you that helped make sure people like me don't make the same mistake - been enjoying that sweet 144hz for a year now with no probs, so thanks!
I'm sorry, how does this tie in with the update?
WickedPlayer on suicide watch.
Agree, TF is working for me. It's outliers that hit by it tho, former Global friends who decayed and now get reported every match...
I agree, Reddit overblowing things as ever.
Of course, then people would say it's easier for cheats to rank up. But I think that is something Valve COULD tweak, especially as rooting out blatant cheaters has become so much easier.
People will say, and it bears repeating, that Valve have apparently been working on this for a long time, like before PUBG even came out. I mean, they could have given up any time though, I guess :D
Cheaters' heaven? Back-stabbing? Drama much? We don't know it will be like that, let's not get our knickers in a twist just yet.
Yeah, does seem like it was kind of a side project - like the same people who work on CSGO day-to-day, fixing bugs, doing map updates etc. were also working on this, only way it makes sense really.
I like how they had to hand-print an extra sign to explain what the red status meant.
Not a modder but... has the map size limit changed in any way?
That doesn't always work because it's often like 4v3, people come and go, it's kind of useless.
Upvote for this, same here, on D2 Valve DM, I have an old AMD card, thought it was that.
I mean, you'd have to change medikit to some other key and then bind radio X back again (I don't even know what the console command is for that right now), and hope it doesn't get switched back... Edit: it's "radio2", I think.
Agree, anyone interested in cheating in CSGO is doing it already.
But can calling in a drone also work as bait? Like, call it in and try to time things so you can get a jump on anyone thinking to attack you while you're busy with the drop? EDIT: oh yes! Here we go! https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/a426we/to_the_guy_who_figured_out_that_the_drones_follow/
Yes, actually, it's 50:50, either you do or you don't (source: my Dad).
I did this for a while and not sure I noticed a difference but might start doing it again as I do have a suspicion there is some kind of lag happening with my game..
I am actually really enjoying it, and this is from someone who has been playing CS almost since day one. I played a few squad games with a friend and didn't come.close to winning, I almost feel it's easier to play solo because coordinating with a friend is extra work, and if one of you dies you will have trouble surviving. My friend got knifed 2 games in a row within a minute of start, lol. But generally I am finding it quite addictive, and I don't really play other games than CS, they dont usually interest me. I certainly don't know what all the negativity was about.
Yeah, what the hell are they doing though, it doesn't take 3 minutes to load the map?! Just people being cool like they do in MM by not connecting immediately and going for a cigarette or whatever. I wish there was some sort of ringer system (for MM as well) where someone could join during warm-up if a player no-shows. Give them 90 seconds, and if they haven't joined, it's a no-show. Lateness is rude - anywhere!
So... Vertigo, basically!
Well hopefully the community will start making them (I doubt Valve will want to invest too much time in creating them) and they can be rotated every now and then. Being able to choose between 3 or 4 would be cool but I imagine that would impact wait times too much (though maybe not, since it's not ranked, so no matchmaking required). Or it could just choose a random map to drop you into...
Was gonna write vice versa, but you got it spot on there, have yourself an upvote.
IT WAS JUST A PRANK BRO!
I was playing a community server and the HE grenade was different, sort of muffled even though it was close to me. Has there been a change there? I play that server all the time, this change definitely happened after the update, but I haven't played MM in a while so don't know if it's there too.
I agree old-timer, have also played CS since at least 2000 and I found DZ surprisingly addictive. I had never played any BR game before (I only have time for CS!), but another old-guy real-life CS friend and I played a few games the other night and we just kept pressing Play Again every time we finished (read: lost) a game. That was until our carers told us it was time for our milk and biscuits and bedtime, and we shouldn't get overexcited at our age.
There was a massive bandwagon at the beginning from people who seemed to have played it like 3 times and immediately had an opinion, especially streamers and YouTubers, but also on this subreddit. People love to show off how negative they are for some reason.
Dude, I am ALREADY old enough to have had ample opportunity and failed to become a pro in Counter-Strike, to the tune of a good 15 years, so I can basically already claim this with my kids. ("I could've gone pro in CS if it weren't for... you know... the fact that I blow at it")
...and very legal.
Yeah, I was freaked out by that as well, it's more sort of muffled. That wasn't mentioned in any patch note, I feel like it might be some sort of bug, even though it doesn't seem to break anything.
Serbia (SERBIA - the SEVENTH POOREST country in Europe) provides insulin, plus all the other necessary paraphenalia (test strips etc.) [free to diabetics covered by state health insurance](https://translate.google.rs/translate?rlz=1C1CHBF_enRS760RS760&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;hl=en&amp;client=tw-ob&amp;sl=sr&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mojdijabetes.rs%2Fsta-donosi-novi-zakonik-za-sve-osobe-sa-dijabetesom-u-republici-srbiji%2F) (which is everyone). Bad Google Translate, but you get the idea. Am I happy to pay insurance every month so some diabetic can get the treatment they need? OF COURSE I AM, that's what living in a society with other human beings entails! How did the US even get to this point of creating a society that doesn't actually think it should help its members? And tell me how that is a healthy basis for a society to operate on long-term, because I just don't see where that is going.
Yeah, cos what happens for him next month?
Haha, you'll do :D. Not the youngest there, that's for sure!
Yeah, that's true, it's always easier to voice negative opinions, maybe those kinds of negative people are more prone to 'sharing' their opinions. For some reason it's much more likely someone expressing positivity will get laughed down for daring to say they like something, so people are reluctant to express such opinions.
10 EUR/kg
I'll try to avoid that then :D
Also I think a lot of trolls and anarchists just wanting to see the world burn whilst memeing along the way.
There, another old-timer who likes it! Same here - been playing since forever, honestly have found it quite addictive (though haven't played PUBG etc.)
Well, it was obviously a design decision - I am OK with it, if you are fast you can grab a pistol and go and kill the guy in the next hex before he has even had a chance to tool up :). You can almost immediately order a pistol in by drone with a decent amount of ammo, right?
Yeah, it's a weird muffled sound, I haven't heard it enough times yet to get my head around what the change is.
But can it REALLY take up to 4 minutes for someone's map to load?! Anyway, I get people on my team all the time saying, oh sorry, I had to go pee or smoke a cigarette, so somehow they are definitely delaying entering the game somehow, IDK.
Props to you - I don't get very much time to play, so even less of that is reserved for OW, however after the F2P thing I was motivated to do some cases. Though I honestly have seen no cheaters in mid-ranks MM thus far - everything seems like it was before.
I get what you are saying - that WO thinks that VACnet learns from our specific verdicts, like actually ticking the "vision" box tells the system that this player can be considered to be wallhacking, and that we should watch the whole demo so we don't miss anything. However, I am not convinced that the system is that granular, there is too much room for error. For example, some people put down spinning as aim only, others will put Other as well, sometimes you can't tell if someone is actually aim-hacking when they shoot through walls, but people will call it aim anyway. I mean it COULD be that if 10 Overwatchers watch then it takes the consensus of their opinion regarding the different types of assistance/violation committed, but it doesn't seem like that info would be useful enough. I mean, I gotta be honest, I resent having to watch 5-10 minutes of some idiot spamming people through walls with an auto just to see whether they killed a team-mate at the end somewhere, when i could be doing another case. Maybe that's the wrong attitude to take...
OK, so I am kinda slow - ECL, the FaceIT hub run by Jeff Hougnougnagne (sp?), Tweeday etc. is basically sponsoring this team to go to the PLG event in Abu Dhabi? It's a sponsorship deal, or is it more like they are acting as their org for the event? Sounds cool anyway, happy for the ECL guys that the league seems to be gaining enough traction to start doing this kind of thing. Maybe I'll subscribe one of these days, if I ever have time to play more than 5 matches a month...
Agreed, nothing to see here, OW has been full of blatant cheaters ever since VACnet rolled out.
Well pretty much everyone else has been pumping her, by the sounds of it.
He isn't YET.
I just can't get my head around the mentality of then CHEATING on that account (or any other), knowing a ban is inevitable and loss of all those items. I can only guess it's super rich types for whom money is no object, and they want to show off their "skills" in the game as well as skins, at any cost.
For real though, why do people always say this - it's not the ONLY mechanical problem people have. My xhair placement is reasonably decent, but my strafing, peeking, counter-strafing etc. skills blow (I am old, so that doesn't help), and my sprays aren't great either. Not saying crosshair placement CAN'T be improved for most players, but it's not the ONLY thing.
Dude, I don't know, if you find out, be sure to let me know :D. In all seriousness, we are not all cut out for this kind of game. Some will say, well just improve your mechanical skills, aim, crosshair placement, bla bla, but some people just don't have the hand-eye coordination to get good at the game, and that is hard for someone to understand who "got LEM after 100 hours" because they probably have natural skill and it came easy to them. I have thousands of hours, and doubt I will ever get out of MG ranks because I can't seem to improve on my basic skills no matter how much I practice, and I can't really lose too much sleep over that because I still hugely enjoy the game (after nearly 20 years).
I have had the exact same thing happen in similar ranks. In fact I will play against MGEs and DMGs with friends and it won't feel any different to playing MG1s, but once I get to that rank I get destroyed. I think part of it may also be confidence - it gets into your head that these guys are a bit better than you were playing before and then you lose confidence taking peeks, sprays etc. The shift thing is interesting, I remember WarOwl saying AGES ago that he also did this, and I did it for a while, but then I experimented with counter-strafe + shift and timed how long it took me to slow down to a stop and AFAIR it made NO difference other than possibly psychological (and POSSIBLY ameliorating poor counter-strafe technique), so I stopped doing it - it would be better to improve counter-strafe technique/timing.
I feel like they rage-quit after that last match, I just caught the score towards the end and thought, this MUST be it, surely.
Yeah, I mean many athletes will continue competing when they are no longer really competitive, what are you supposed to do, quit while you are on top? But then their decline has been kind of long and drawn out, maybe they could have called it a day a little earlier...
It doesn't crop up much now, it was never clear whether he was trolling or what but there aren't really any dodgy moments now.
Yeah, when I first got into CSGO it was those two memeing on Twitch, Olof with those cheesy "Olofmeister, he is watching you" sub jingles he had. Wonder why he stopped streaming, I mean, probably a time thing like with everyone, but it's a shame... He hasn't even been playing FPL much lately, only a few PUGs in December.
This guy sexes.
Oh, same thing happened to me a couple of years ago in an update, but it fixed itself later - can't remember what the explanation was now but it was great while it lasted, enemies were far more visible :) (my eyesight sucks, I am old).
So the fact I sometimes don't restart my PC for weeks at a time isn't exactly helping me. I have suspected this for a long while actually, but didn't know it was an actual thing. The whole game feels crappy, laggy, but sometimes it feels super crisp, and I can't quite explain it. Gonna start rebooting before I play, though it's a pain as it's my work PC too. Edit: that GitHub thread got closed for being a "catchall" for "my game isn't smooth" posts, the earliest posts date way back to 1.6, so nothing there is gospel, unless one of the fixes in there happens to address a problem you have.
Sigh - and I still haven't managed to finish beyond about 10th place, and I am more than 6 times his age.
People often raise this and it's true for sure to an extent, but look at sports pros like Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer etc. who have a family etc. but are still at the absolute top of their game aged 30+. I am not saying it's ideal for their families, but with enough dedication it can be done. Speaking as an old guy though I do feel it's mostly skill, hand-eye coordination time, quick decision-making etc. that goes with age...
Old guy here - I have never been good at CS, ever since I started playing in 2000, but I can say that now at 45 I can definitely feel age as a restricting factor. It's not so much reaction times as such, it's the speed of your decision-making. Sure, I can get sub-220 ms reactions on a synthetic test, but if I try a more complex multiple-choice reaction test [like this one](https://www.psytoolkit.org/lessons/experiment_simple_choice_rts.html) my reaction times drop to almost half a second! So when I am in a situation where my eyes have to see what's happening, relay that to my brain, my brain has to take a decision out of multiple possibilities (even ones I have taken many times before), send the decision tot he muscles and the muscles have to carry out the task to often pinpoint precision - that's where a LOT of scope for error starts coming in. One thing I also generally notice is I find it increasingly harder to follow multiple things going on at once. If I am taking a fight on my part of the map there is very little chance of me following the mini-map to see if someone is also flanking me. I often don't even register team-mates' callouts until it's too late - my brain just can't seem to handle it. Now, people are different, a pro who has been playing at the highest level for a decade or two won't have the same problems as me, but it's a matter of degrees - at the highest level you have to compete with these 20-year-olds who don't have these problems at least where motor skills/fast decision-making etc. are concerned.
Yeah, and the process of decline has been going on for some time :D. EDIT: I wrote this in response to another post in another thread, got them confused (see what I mean?!), but will leave it anyway - about playing CS as an older player: It leads to slower decision-making and slower reaction in complex situations, difficulty processing multiple streams of information... Maybe it's not very pronounced at the age of 30-35, but it might be enough to cause problems when playing at the highest level.
Upvote for services to highly relevant and appropriate use of copy-pasta in 2018.
Yeah, you can play normally in all modes, just played in a community server no problems.
At least he didn't inhale.
Spawn? I was playing DM on D2 and couldn't see anywhere to pick up snowballs. It says I have 3 in my inventory but I can't figure out how to throw them (none of my nade binds do it). Am I dumb here? Some people were throwing them, so it must work somehow.
Listen kid, some of us here were popping heads while you were still a twinkle in your Daddy's eye and a look of mild repugnance in your mother's. I was rushing B while you were still lying helpless in nappies wallowing in your own faeces and crying waa-waa. I was pushing long while you were still pushing your choo-choo train. I was flashing myself out of A while you were still taking your first pathetic, tottering steps (I wonder if much has improved since then). My CS career can vote, yours still has to go to bed at half-past six while it's light outside. You children make me sick to the stomach with your infantile ways. Get born in a decent decade and then come trash-talking to us old-timers. EDIT: voting-age reference added, thanks /u/AirunV.
Oo, that's a good one, never thought of that one!
I would say there is one in most of my matches, other than mine (8-Bit Kit). It's freaky when someone gets MVP who has the same one as you.
Where do you pick them up? I only played Valve DM on D2 and I must be stupid because I couldn't figure it out, even though there were people throwing them.
Weird - they show up in the inventory in DM, you have 3 of them supposedly, but you can't throw them (not with a nade bind anyway, as I assumed). But people were throwing them, so I am confused... And there aren't any in the spawn areas...
But we seem to say that every week and the meltdown somehow never happens, he just gets... soggier somehow.
"All you do is". Yet no cutting of mine has EVER succeeded in the year I have been trying this. EDIT: I have tried just in water, tried with rooting hormone and putting them in various mixtures of soil, sand etc. Tried it with rosemary, trumpet creeper, ivy and probably a bunch more. They just always seem to rot, no sign of any rooting at all. I don't have green fingers, I don't think.
They will be considered a weed species.
How does an elephant climb a redwood? Sits on a cloned shoot and waits 3000 years.
Tried it with rosemary, trumpet creeper, ivy and probably a bunch more. No alleged weed. I have tried just in water, tried with rooting hormone and putting them in various mixtures of soil, sand etc. They just always seem to rot, no sign of any rooting at all. I don't have green fingers, I don't think.
Yes - I have always done that, didn't seem to help, ultimately. Maybe I am doing it at the wrong time of year or something. I have watched a tonne of YT vids on it, they make it seem very easy. I can only think that the soil might be a factor or something. I tend to just mix some potting soil with sand, haven't got access to perlite or those kinds of substrate people use.
Cheers, oh yes, it's some builders' sand I had lying around - it's sourced from a local river (well - the Danube some call it!) so I didn't think it had any particular additives, but good point, maybe that's something to think about. OK, so I just found perlite on sale, I just never looked hard enough, think I will try that next.
I suppose, but there's still some dedication involved there. Though I racked up 10,000 kills on my AK just by playing FFA a lot, so there's that.
At this point I wonder.
"I was VERY bored"
Hey, old-timer - 45 here too, blimey, they are coming out of the woodwork lately, must be that 10-year badge tempted them out! I have a few older guys I play with (some Brits, some Germans and whatnot), when we have time, which isn't that often sadly. Hit me up [on Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/id/Your-Dad/) if you need another old geezer (stuck forever in MG ranks). And yeah, 15-year-olds trying to do 'banter' after watching a couple of Soviet Womble videos (or heaven forbid those two Scottish characters, Azzy and the other one) - yeah...
I have a RL friend who seems to be mildly autistic, does this ALL the time. He will literally ALWAYS do the opposite of the strat we agreed in spawn. We are all headed A, and you will just seem him on radar meandering over to B to get some useless lurk kills. I only play with him on my silver alt these days, he doesn't seem to have figured out why.
Great mate! Look forward to the odd game hopefully! We like to take it fairly seriously even though we suck! Yes, I don't play as much as I like so I think I am MG1 at the mo, but can usually do OK against anything up to LEMs depending on whether I got my hot milk and biscuits that evening. Oh yeah, we made a Steam group as well for [Old CS Geezers](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/OldCSGeezers), but haven't really used it much yet, there are a few old codgers in there too, though.
Ahh, yes, I have seen those misting setups, must admit I don't do that, I just keep a polythene bag over to keep the humidity up.
I mentioned in my OP - rosemary, trumpet creeper, ivy and probably a bunch more that I can't remember. They are all plants I have read ought to be rootable in that way...
Tomatoes? Is there any point cloning those since they are annual anyway?!
Thing is, it is also possible, especially with machine learning, to differentiate fake and real commends from the kind of IP ranges they come from, their distribution over time, etc. etc. Not saying Valve does this, but Google does for detecting fake clicks on Adsense ads, for example and it's extremely effective by all accounts.
&gt; Spinbots should be incredibly easy to detect. Constantly spinning around while looking at the ground and flicking for 90%+ headshot rate instantly is something that will never occur with a legit player. You would think, but there are too many possibilities for edge cases. What if a player is just screwing around on high sense and spins round 10 times? What's the cut-off point - 11 spins, 12 spins..? I am over-simplifying the problem, but machines cannot make determinations like that with 100% certainty, something humans can do with ease. At least they can't be trusted to yet, especially as I think it is clear that Valve's philosophy has always been to reduce false positives to an absolute minimum.
It shows up in the lobby for other people - [like this](http://esportlog.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/F1iWMdgFCQsmTb3VI5rsZS6dQD-el6lKJ5ij-OjAXY8-780x405.jpg) (example is from old GUI, but it is similar in Panorama)
Ah, got you. My approach with tomatoes is different, I have these small plum-shaped cherry tomatoes in the garden which grow way better and with less effort all by themselves from last year's fallen seed. They are a bit late coming obviously, but they grow like crazy out in the open, no treatment, nothing. Whereas my regular tomatoes last year were a sorry bunch...
Yeah, I was just over-simplifying. But even with this sum of things (which might be MORE difficult for a computer to resolve, not easier like for us), it still has to take some kind of statistical decision which can always be wrong. I mean, I get what you are saying, I have commented similar in the past, before VACnet even came out - I just feel it might not be as trivial as it seems.
Yeah, I would expect some leaves on the ground too...
How old are you? I doubt you are old as me :D (1973 was a fine vintage..!) I definitely agree it is hard for us older players to progress - I have never been beyond MGE (am MG1 right now) and I just don't think my mechanical skills seem to improve no matter how much I play. But then again I don't have much time to play anyway, with wife, kids, job etc. etc. and maybe the time factor is one of the big problems - every now and then I have a really good game and think, eh, if I could just grind, maybe I COULD improve. And then I play REALLY good players (lvl 10 FaceIT or even semi-pros etc.) in community servers and realise just how bad I am :D If you are in EU, let me know if you want to play with more old guys, there are a few of us around :), we play mostly for fun too (though still take it quite seriously and try hard!)
Not sure if I understood right - you think there is no correlation between Trust rating and playing for extended periods in a lower rank than you belong in (and consequently being reported a lot)? Almost EVERYONE I play with who regularly plays with lower-ranked friends (like me :)) or who has returned to MM after some time with a somewhat lower rank, seems to show this yellow or red warning for me - it's all circumstantial of course...
/r/theydidthemath
I couldn't resist it, but also it felt kind of stupid adding "top household tips" to my post title, maybe there is another sub for that!
Ah, I was thinking zipper? I am almost certain it's getting caught in there sooner or later.
Ah, if only it were a "primary abrasion point" for me...
And you are going to just walk up when they are finished and utterly crestfallen at the missing piece, and you are just going to walk up and say, "This piece, you mean?" and slot it in, thus finishing the puzzle despite contributing nothing to it?
Does falling with the parachute affect your accuracy? I feel like it should, assuming it's just a slow fall as far as the engine is concerned? In which case this shot was hella lucky, but maybe I am wrong about that.
Yeah, I mean is that what you actually do when you join a new org? Like, if I get a new job, the first thing I do is follow the CEO on Twitter?!
My mind is actually blown.
Source: [Angry People in Local Newspapers](https://www.facebook.com/angrypeopleinlocalnewspapers/?__tn__=kC-R&amp;eid=ARDxQcJ0jdVevOmVZVRBR8eHUVy9mq3wwMthgnNCNPNrj834QRF4lgLTU7J6C3b_naIDA0_08IhLDRdj&amp;hc_ref=ARSiqyOwE9_Vr23zB2r0f2emHPY66iV0HwP1SZqCHahXXfIcQ6dVLBOCVY68UoRl3gE&amp;fref=nf&amp;__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARDz9ftvc2OuDe_iSPsueFOfytBliiXhoTalpLFmw3VTJssUupoVLVNrCZ6wdv5GpfYpS92pXGqmuGHM-XjCXHyYZDqfrXj4JhgRoHHuOSdquE-GTkftcd4kEuuKqsFmCRPV34Y0M1Bc4dcXIqO3y9Q2yCtNpt9QsoUCFeNdwl4COIqJ4cblpkRFOeGKga7QpAErVX9y_AK6Ebn5Nr0NbBorkNb35oD6iC-ELpn8yy5tgrYytW8u2442BvrUN_5HeZUFn2n5rWnaai40zw7E3VM0ICPG249Oru7iT5I0KGkGWcA_n42Qf7qth8VFM9YWSZrHCdzCpyiexzKunNnX3hPGf4vZz_d65AmqbZdaULHiy1mQi98d180)
Weird thing is most of the people who get banned after I played with/against them don't seem to have been cheating at the time we played together (MOST - a few were blatant). They were often negative k/d and only got banned much later. The only thing I can think is that people don't cheat much in the MG ranks and only start cheating if they get to the higher ranks, but it doesn't make sense really.
&gt; My brother just started playing CS because it got free and so far he hasn't encountered any cheater (or at least blatant ones I guess). The actual VACnet system is proving that it does great job, so let's try to trust Valve for a bit before spitting on them like always. See, then you get some YT guy like [Jericho playing on a new account](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7SnihE8TTc), who is definitely not a cheat on his main account and he is apparently playing with/against full-on spin-botters, so I just don't get it. I want to get some old 1.6 friends into CSGO (finally), who never wanted to pay for the game (yeah, &lt; $10, IDK...) but they aren't going to stick around if the game is full of cheaters from day one...
Yeah, notice it's not any moral issue, corruption, treason, anything like that, but a foreign policy decision (albeit a major one). I still don't see any of them saying, "Wait, this guy is rotten to the core, we are done with him".
Oh, I agree that this (laughable) mentality is probably what drives them to cheat - that and some kind of lack of maturity of character like the inability to delay gratification, that sort of thing. I just wonder how come they are so rarely cheating against ME (or else they were just so terrible even with cheats)!
And Mythic. (oh THAT adren :D)
Yeah, I am trying to keep up with all the changes - I THOUGHT I saw something about that..!
Username checks out.
Well just think of your potential if you cut out the porn and got out there and meet real girls, the sky's the limit - you can do it :)
And yet it still insists on updating itself several times a week, and has done for years now, for some unfathomable reason.
I noticed an error on his part, though. I believe after such a play it is required to type the letters E and Z into chat, just to note for next time.
Nah, Discord is for gamers, I do use it for gaming, and it's great, but there's no way to get EVERYONE on there, especially not business contacts, but Auntie Bessie will have trouble with it, too. And half my friends are on Viber. But only half...
I figured that they could easily create an enterprise version of some kind, but it would be hard to differentiate it from the gamer side, especially since they started trying to muscle in on the games distribution space...
Was gonna say though, what's it even like ending up in a 1v1 and thinking, that's the best player in the world, I am screwed - unless he's reading his chat or something. I think I would choke hard.
LIke this, you mean? https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/82qoc0/best_method_to_retake_b_on_inferno/
Can'tn't it?
Agree, Executes are soooo good, much more realistic than retakes and a really fun mode in their own right, I play a LOT of Executes, especially when I don't have time for MM, and it's helped my game a lot.
He already said he plays FFA a lot though, I feel like that's not the main problem here.
Type mat\_info in the console - that should give you a bunch of info about your graphics system, including (I am pretty sure) what GPU the game is using.
BTW, how do you arm them? Is it in a slot that you have to bind?
I'm tempted - that would be the best-paid 30 seconds of my life.
No, that makes no sense, your placement games should quickly put you up against players close to your own level, that's the point of them. Even if the TF system "knows" you have another account, you are a lower rank there, so I can't see how that would be smurfing.
Well, destroying the other team when smurfing, sure, that would destroy your trust, but I don't think just HAVING a smurf is the problem here. I have a silver alt, which I don't tryhard on most of the time, I just try to play with deagle and meme guns, and don't always do that well, but I don't throw, either. My Trust seems fine on both accounts, no friend has ever seen any warnings when queuing with me. Though I am complete trash on my main anyway, so no-one would ever think I was cheating :D.
It could be that 4chan they are all talking about!
"Never go full German"
Isn't that molly from Palace really inconsistent because of the curved of the wall? I have had trouble landing that, haven't even really tried after missing it a few times...
Ah, I should give it another go. Why have been convinced all along it's a curve, since that update a few months ago..?
Ah, now that makes a lot of sense! Although maybe I am just old and can't see on my super-low settings!
Yeah, we get those in our local hills - they go out there precisely once a year on a national holiday, along with thousands of other like-minded individuals, to party, grill, play loud music from their car speakers and trash the place. Otherwise they have zero interest in nature.
Ha, I wouldn't throw apple cores around the campsite, but I have been known to chuck biodegradables into the scrub where no-one is going to go in a hundred years. But better practice is to dig a pit for the organic stuff and then bury after. Talking about wild camping, though, at a designated campsite, I mean, there are bins for that kind of thing...
I immediately thought of Zeljko Mitrovic's son (don't even know what his name is, don't care). Serbia is particularly bad for this - shady lawyers, shady judges, rich fathers. Or maybe it's the same everywhere, except it's not, because I grew up in the UK and never had a sense there that the law was different for different people like it is in Serbia.
You are supposed to ask what rank he is.
I like how he one-taps his friend, looks at him with mild curiosity and then carries on tugging at the bag, instead of legging it away from there like any self-respecting criminal who made a boo-boo.
Think you pretty much nailed it.
Why would you suddenly start sucking?
Seems the same for me in mid ranks. Sometimes someone is going off on my team, sometimes on the enemy team, no obvious cheaters, mostly it's just the ranks are stupidly messed up, a LOT of people taking breaks from CS and coming back at a much lower rank. Not convinced any of this is to do with F2P.
Oh, I know, I mean, I have a family, kids, I play like five matches once a week at best, and can't really improve because I have to relearn the game every few days, but I wouldn't say I get WORSE per se.
Not at all, because there is a wide range of skill levels even within the Global rank. Look at any scoreboard after a Global match and it will look like any other match in any other rank.
Definitely this, there is a huge range of skill levels around MG, and a lot of people dropping in and out of the game every few months in between playing other stuff. A lot of PUBG returnees, for one thing. I am MG1 at the moment, don't really play enough to rank up consistently, and sometimes we get GN4s dropping 40-bombs, then I queue with LE friends and the other team are like bots. I guess some kind of rank reset would be in order, though I don't know if that would solve anything.
I mean, I have done that from every single rank, starting in silver 2, I think. Two steps forward, one step back, or something.
Definitely there is some of that happening. I also have friends coming back after playing PUBG for a year or more who have slipped three or four ranks and so are practically "smurfing", completely unintentionally.
After that 'grief oil' post in /r/antiMLM I have realised essential oils are just the modern equivalent of magic potions.
Nah, you just have fish eyes.
Yeah, this is the real question, why is a random town named after a virus? After much research (I Googled it), I can reveal that it's not: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coxsackievirus
Where I live (in the Balkans), everybody cures their own meat, like bacon, with a salting + cold smoking process. The smoking usually lasts days, they like it heavily smoked, and it's usually done in winter. Then I think they hang it to dry further (but do not refrigerate, I don't think) and it is consumed all year round. They rarely use nitrite, if ever. I have never heard of a case of botulism, so I wonder how great the risk really is. Trihinela on the other hand does surface, a few hundred cases a year, but that is usually down to home slaughtering and lack of veterinary control. I want to do some myself this year so am definitely concerned to do it right, but I figure following the traditional way I can't go too far wrong.
Maybe they salt more heavily, or for longer, though it doesn't seem like it. Also there is quite a long drying process, but not always - I had some very fresh, recently smoked sausages the other day. Maybe people are just luckier than they deserve :D
So plenty of time to kill, aka go looking for his hammer, you are saying?
What ONE program does (I can't think of ANY more that do!) is [Paint.net](https://www.getpaint.net/download.html), which offers you an update on startup, but also offers you the opportunity to run the update on exiting the program. I will very rarely take the offer on startup because it's NEVER convenient to have to update just when you were embarking on some work, but update on exit, I'll take that anyday.
This - it's NEVER convenient... The whole reason I started X program was to DO something, I have no intention of now going through the whole download, run update, restart (and/or, heaven forbid, reboot), I just want to do my stuff. It's dumb, sure, but we don't have the patience for that.
This is basically the equivalent of your Dad leaning conspiratorially towards you, nodding over to your Mum, and saying, "See her over there? I've done her". I hear you posted this around a lot, did you try /r/ihavesex?
He went in dry - no definite articles required.
It doesn't have to do it in the background per se, just let it run through the usual update procedure, but start it when I am exiting...
Lightning Lord, Destroyer of Rainbows (GO, get that karma - I can't be bothered!)
\[SPOILERS IN THREAD!\]
You clicked, though.
Broke the neck of my femur as an adult, maybe not the same thing, I dunno, but it didn't hurt that much. The operation and the rehab somewhat more...
Broke the neck of my femur as an adult, falling sideways off my mountain bike in a race, fell pretty hard, couldn't unclip in time. Didn't hurt that much, in fact I carried on riding and even drove home, but couldn't actually put weight on my leg, glad I went to the hospital that night because it needs to be operated on quickly or necrosis can set in. Fortunately made a full recovery but still have three pins in my femur which are a pain sometimes.
Can you share them? Asking for my friend xxxxPussySlayer2006xxxx. Seriously though, I have zero interest in using any exploit or cheat to give myself an unfair advantage but there is constantly the niggling question of how many people are low-key using them in MM etc, and that's why they need to be addressed.
Yeah, it's been super-hot in the region (38C here in Serbia), but I still find the water unpleasantly cold sometimes in Croatia (hence why we are going to Greece this year) - I am probably just a wuss though :D
Of course, they must be cheating. Although it's weird how apparently some people can clearly see me through mollies when I can see absolutely nothing.
Forgot to upgrade to head armour after the first round, classic noob mistake.
Yeah, I started finding it more irritating than it was worth. I don't even get mad in MM when I die, there's just something irritating about getting shot from behind all the time, so I started playing Executes much more than DM, might be worth trying something else that doesn't annoy you so much. Or just learn to not care about when you get shot, or your score or whatever (not so easy for many people).
For me, I never really could get my head around electronics, but I can knock up a program to switch something on and off, and with pi zeros costing a fiver, yeah...
It would if they can't post any more clips from a particular match or event, since a lot of these guys are probably spamming tonnes of clips and that would screw them.
This was pretty much how we did gradients on the C64 and other 8-bits, happy days.
&gt;You could also get a camera for it and use it to watch your animals in another room. Oh, you call your children that too?
Copypasta?
no u dog binch
Presumably once someone gets banned on one account they fall into a never-ending cesspool of low trust factor and pretty much any account they play on will be doomed to play HvH...
Wow, that's awesome! Need to save that somewhere I think!
Wait, they had messed with the CSS so you couldn't downvote or report posts?! I hadn't visited that cesspool on desktop for a very long time.
I imagine so, but still, look how long almost all of them take to get banned just from a sample of recent bans - it's almost all a year or more https://i.imgur.com/CLFDpxn.png. I suppose that must be a function of there not being that many cheaters in MG ranks...
Transplants or individual tomatoes? Actually, I ran out of neighbours to give the self-sprouted transplants to, unfortunately had to pull up and compost a great many.
I definitely overuse commas, though if I could actually be bothered I would go back and break that all up a bit for sure, it was a kind of train-of-thought moment.
I'd be happy to, but I am in Europe, not sure if that's allowed, also I don't have any seeds right now, I saved like 20 for early starting, the rest just sprang up by themselves. I guess this autumn I should save a lot more to give to people, add a remind me if you like?
Actually, not "long" by historical standards, just a few decades, most likely by living eyewitnesses or at least based on their accounts - MUCH shorter after the events than any comparable work of antiquity.
Actually, come to think of it I should have seed within a few weeks, just gotta dry it out and then happy to send some, since you are the only person who specifically asked. You are in the US though? I'll think of some way of sending by post without attracting attention! You'll be pulling them up like weeds by year two though :D
Thanks, this made me chuckle, but I had to work for it
My k/d can't get much worse than it is :( (0.9 average across hundreds of matches).
Probably, though a Greek undressing would also be mildly interesting.
Ha ha, actually I was playing around the time Jesus was born, but you'd think I would be a BIT better than MG1 after all this time, but consistency is a huge problem, I can sometimes pull off some sick plays, and then I'll have matches where I will get like 7 kills all match, depending on how tired I am etc. You'll be better than me in a few dozen hours, guaranteed :)
Ha, I can't even remember what that flair means, I have been MG1 forever, I just can't improve consistently.
That sounds rough! I have to wait till the wife and kids are out or something, which mostly only leaves evenings when my concentration is terrible...
This is one of my problems, my performance doesn't even depend on the rank I play with so much as the vibe I get from the team. If I feel like I have to try to carry or something I can guarantee I will tilt and play terribly. Most of my wins I am not the top fragger. When I do frag out we often lose. Basically I can't solo queue, I just can't seem to do it.
There is no VAC issue with this program? I've had problems in the past with VAC not liking these memory manager type programs. I think it was Process Lasso, or one of those got me kicked from MM a couple of times.
Am in Europe, just found a buyer for my car, super happy, but it's an American guy so he has to learn to drive stick shift before he takes it off my hands...
Cool, seems much simpler than scheduling a task the way the guy in the vid did. Wonder if this could help me, I have quite an old setup and sometimes the game feels like trash, always wondered if it was some kind of memory issue, going to try it out.
I had a really early account too, but I forgot the login details a loooong time ago, sadly...
Check out this TED Talk: https://www.ted.com/talks/raffaello_d_andrea_the_astounding_athletic_power_of_quadcopters/up-next?language=en#t-645345
That sucks, so he won't be on Mythic any more, I am guessing?
He has an avuncular manner.
He's pretty much done with CS as far as anyone can see. Not personally missing the miserable old sod myself.
"Well, first off they thought that new signalman was a bit hairy, but they thought nothing of it because he was doing such a good job, best worker they ever had..." "Karl. IF it turns out the signalman was actually a little monkey fella operating the trains, we are never doing Monkey News again. No, HE WAS NOT, SHUT UP KARL!"
Freddy Mercury's family were famously Zoroastrian Parsis, though I think they were from India originally rather than Iran.
Ah, right - though they famously lived on Zanzibar, so that was a later move presumably.
I thought it was going to be some epic new copypasta.
Honestly, he was just interested. The fridge magnets helped a lot, he just seemed to like learning words for stuff. He's now ten and just can't be prised away from books, has read hundreds probably, it's just the way he is. His younger brother showed NO interest in letters at that age other than throwing them around, every kid is different, so I guess it was just the way the genetic cookie crumbled.
I live in the Balkans, I sometimes order stuff from the UK, including Sports Direct (I know, I know), but it costs me 2 pounds fifty per kilo to get delivered out here, which can add up fast with heavy stuff. One time I don't notice the option is checked so this huge mug turns up here for me, and I get to pay for the delivery all the way to the Balkans as well, I was not amused. Broke the handle fairly quickly as well so it was not a good deal for me all round.
Yup, it's all from their early 2000s XFM show, you can find most of it in torrents, is the funniest stuff because Karl was just their producer and Ricky was only just realising what a dead-pan comedy goldmine Karl was. A lot of material they rehash now dates back to then, there's hours and hours of the stuff and it's hilarious, and pretty close to the line sometimes for a daytime radio show.
Laugh's on him, in a lot of countries maybe the "weather girl" is basically a chick who reads the weather. In the UK, TV weather reporters, at least on the BBC etc. are typically meteorologists who literally compile the forecast from meteorological data.
It's like a certain type of smoker thinks that there is a special littering pass for cigarette butts and they don't count as trash. Drives me crazy when I see a massive pile of them under our local park bench where my kids are supposed to play. But then I feel that smokers in general have a colossal sense of entitlement. Probably not fair, those "conscientious smokers" always pop up to say "That's not me, I don't smoke where there are kids, other people whatever" but forgive me for my lack of tolerance for a ridiculously anachronistic, unhealthy, dirty habit that should be consigned to the trashcan of history as being of no benefit to literally anyone except the tobacco industry and its shareholders.
Listen mate, I've been with a girl, alright, at one point she even took her bra off, so I think I know a thing or two.
Saves on condoms, I'll tell you that! Doing my bit for the environment.
Yeah, I mean, not about virgins or whatever, but loads of little asides and rambling off at a tangent, I told him he shouldn't overdo it, it's probably not what his teacher is after a lot of the time.
Also it's usually a LOT of takes before it all goes 100% right.
I'll post a page or two, fair use and all that :)
I know right, seems like a pretty cool job, broad sweeps of the hand in front of a blue screen, announcing death and destruction on great swathes of land. Or like that bloke in the UK who used to do it on those floating islands. [Fred Talbot](https://youtu.be/p34TAzafsEY), er, the convicted paedo. Never mind...
Agree, as a Christian, though not in the US, this affects us all, and we're just getting on, living the life, trying to walk the walk and impact others with the Good News, not get involved in politics, let alone the toxic brand of right-wing extremism we are seeing now. For me all this is so far removed from my everyday experience as a Christian it's tempting to assume that there is a colossal span of the "evangelical" church in America that is entirely fraudulent. Maybe it's time for that model of "Christianity" to die, can't say I'll be sorry.
Ah, thanks for clarifying that, bad terminology on my part.
Yeah, it's amazing how rare gravity was before Newton and the apple and all that!
I'm surprised you'd never have used Pythagoras at least a little bit, it can crop up if you are trying to square something up if doing any DIY. It's sometimes called the [3, 4, 5 rule](https://www.aconcordcarpenter.com/the-3-4-5-method-for-squaring-corners.html).
Literally, this clip should be called "MIBR throws round after godlike Fallen hold of B-site" or something.
Yeah, but when we say CHINA we are talking about that off-brand, cut-price, vague copy of something made by a major manufacturer with little or none of the quality control or adherence to standards you would expect from a major brand. We need another term really.
I didn't know that term, but I wasn't thinking so much of counterfeit, I am thinking more of the countless "no-name" brands you see on AliExpress. Super cheap goods that unfortunately often aren't of the quality you expect. A lot of it makes it onto Amazon, but there at least you have reviews (though even then I have bought duff goods, like a highly-rated solar battery bank where the solar part just doesn't work, I doubt it's even connected).
I've been on Reddit all these years (much longer than this account) and this is the first time I am told this!
And in a coffee shop, at that - very much a life-and-death situation.
[https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2018/11/education-gap-explains-american-politics/575113/](https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2018/11/education-gap-explains-american-politics/575113/)
Or -esque?
That's the first time I've heard it called that. We just say "bashing the bishop".
Any particular reason you specifically single out Polen, other than trying to get on that Polen hate train?
/r/nocontext Edit: I mean, I literally pocket-pressed the post in question, looked at my phone and this comment was the first thing I read, and the first thing I did think was, 'I'm gonna need some more context on this one'.
Oh, you mean that ancient Round Earth Society - man, they were a bunch of loonies and no mistake.
Also a euphemism for: people aren't as favourably disposed towards the royals as before and it might be seen as an excess to organise a public celebration. I just about remember her 25th jubilee (oh my God... not 50th - **25th**..!!) - there were parties in the streets all over Britain, I don't think there's been anything like it since. For me it's just insane that she was queen during the time of WINSTON CHURCHILL. Just, how?!
Pretty sure those were somewhat muted compared to the 25th jubilee - though that's just going off what people told me because I had left the UK by that point. The general opinion was it was a shadow of the 25th jubilee celebrations - but then people's memories might do that, I'll admit. I don't doubt the Queen is still very popular in her way, I just don't think there was the uncritical adulation, for want of a better word, that there was back then, before Diana and all that especially, and it's just a different country, I think spending a few hundred million on a celebration wouldn't go down all that well with the public, regardless of how popular Liz might still be - that's just my perception.
Oh, well that's definitely true too. Although I don't remember the 50th and 60th being a patch on the 25th - it was a different time...
Sometimes a man's just gotta Shrek.
Shame he gave up on Pistol Hero - seems Trust Factor can't cope with someone actually being better than everyone else... BTW, what's the situation with FPL for him? I know he said he probably wasn't going to get back in, but I thought I saw him playing a qualifier the other day?
Yeah, I just wasn't sure what the significance of qualifiers actually is - if you are playing qualifiers does that mean you are actually in with a chance of qualifying? I can't find where it's actually explained how the ladder works. I mean, I get that he might not have played enough matches and stuff...
Just saw your post - UPCZilla is my app. Yes, sorry, we do want to make an iOS version but right now the Android version is still gaining traction and it's not really financially viable to make an iOS version just yet. I would appreciate any feedback you can give me on the Android version though, like how you are using it, and how we could improve on it.
Oh, I found that part, but I don't get why it sometimes says "qualifier" - is that like the deciding matches of the month? So it's not a qualifier for everyone, just for whoever is in the running?
It's a thing he's done a few times where he solo-queues to Global using only pistols - I think he's done it multiple times now with different pistols, it's pretty entertaining, but imagine dropping 30-bombs in SMFC with a deagle, what that does for your Trust Factor... Proof if we needed it that getting reported heavily probably does affect your TF.
Oh god, get a room you two. Oh wait, you have one already - unlike the current president and first lady. They have two.
"In sickness and in health" - I meant that shit when I said it, it hasn't gone to the extreme but there have been moments when I thought "someone might bail at this point but that ain't me".
But doesn't the warmed cat then spread the heat around the house?
D... Did you just Google for images of "shaved Maltese"? And were there a lot of hits?!
I am 46 and the first time I played Minecraft the zombie noise it still scared the crap out of me, especially as I play on headphones.
Yup, before then the numbers went direct from 42 to 44. Not a lot of people know that.
Is that MEWtons Law? (can't believe it took me two days to come up with that one)
Yes, there is gratuitous violence in some games and movies, sure, I do believe they can desensitize impressionable minds to violence and possibly even traumatize them in some way, like any violence can, THAT'S WHY I DON'T LET MY YOUNG CHILDREN PLAY THEM. My kids' friends were playing GTA at the age of nine, for crying out loud. Why can't common sense be assumed any more, instead politicians get to use people's stupidity as talking points..?
Don't stand still. Ever. Except to shoot - then stand very still! The more you can move around the map (I mean, in a way that actually means something, not stupidly pushing the Ts every round on CT side) the less predictable you are. If you are standing still out in the open trying to kill three enemies at once then you are going to die. Don't, peek out as narrow an angle as possible, take a shot, get under cover again. If you are behind a box, don't peek out the same side twice, move around it, make your position hard to predict. If you are a terrorist on your own in Mirage A ramp, say, make some noise, take some shots, then rotate round to Palace and try to catch someone pushing up to ramp expecting you to be there. The more unpredictable you can be, the easier you can catch enemies off guard or out of position. That's just one thing I thought of that others didn't mention. Otherwise, grind Execute servers (if you are in EU) - you will find it VERY hard but it will do wonders for your aim, gamesense etc. (until you hit a ceiling, like me, lol - that shouldn't be GN1 though, anyone can become at least AVERAGE at the game IMO).
"Arguing that you don't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different than saying you don't care about free speech because you have nothing to say." [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nothing\_to\_hide\_argument#Against\_the\_argument](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nothing_to_hide_argument#Against_the_argument)
This kind of entitled idiot has been around since the earliest days of the Internet, or at least its widespread popularity. I remember running an email list back in the nineties and someone spouting off on it off-topic and then getting incensed when I muted them and raving on about muh free speech. How do people still not understand that private internet forums are NOT democracies?
We Europeans are genuinely bemused as to why you build houses essentially out of matchsticks in the US, especially in tornado-prone areas. Would not bricks and mortar be a better bet?
When being ginger is the least of your problems.
Well, that is pretty severe, but you're not ten years old, I'd imagine. You'd sort of hope kids had 20/20 vision in such tender years, it's kind of disappointing when you see it getting worse with every eye test. Mine didn't start going till my early twenties, though maybe he got my wife's genes...
Is it because you is black?
Relevant: https://www.snopes.com/tachyon/2019/11/blackvoters4trump.jpg?resize=999,966
Yeah, that's the problem with living in a city...
Serbia here, unfortunately, antivaxx has found fertile ground here since Serbs like nothing more than a good conspiracy theory. There is a special local version of the movement along the lines of, "the world is trying to poison us with its cast-off vaccines". It's about as rational as any other version of the theory. I believe it was made law last year that unvaccinated children could not start school in September and that a child could be temporarily placed into care by court order and "forcibly" vaccinated. You can imagine how well that went down. So I don't think much progress has been made, nor has this law actually been enforced... Edit: on the plus side, vaccination rates have drastically increased since the mini-epidemic a couple of years ago. I even read one figure that said up to 99% from a low of 84% in 2017, though I can't believe that's quite right. Edit 2: that's for kids between 1-2, relating to the MMR vaccine, whereas between the ages of 2 and 5, 50% may still be unvaccinated which again sounds crazy. Figures from here: https://www.telegraf.rs/vesti/srbija/3054154-nevakcinisana-deca-dobijace-staratelja-koji-ce-obavljati-duznost-nesavesnih-roditelja-drzava-resila-da-stane-na-put-anivakcinasima
And Michael Jackson - that was the first time I heard of them, pretty sure.
Actually I think it's a lot of parents who got scared by all the talk of autism and tend to read and believe a lot of low quality sources of information. I thought older people (my parents' generation) took vaccination for granted...
Executes are sooo much better than Retakes IMO. Check out XGC servers anyone who is in EU.
True, you get destroyed in community servers if you're not at least "average", though it can be good practice, if other players don't mind (and if they did they should probably be ignored or reported anyway).
Nice
What is this 'B execute' of which you speak? Is that the one where you shout cyka blyat' and hold W through the tunnels?
Get your head round that, some of these guys have been doing rock for more than FIFTY years now...
Oo, already?! Didn't notice, thanks!
Well I wouldn't go quite that far.
As a young Christian I really identified with the movie. Surprising as some might find it, the genuine Christian experience is very much about taking that road of freedom from a system that has enslaved us, and discovering reality. I know many think faith is some kind of willing slavery or blindness, but just remember that it was Jesus who said, "If [I] set you free, you will be free indeed".
If it's any reassurance, those kinds of resurgence we feared from reopening businesses etc. haven't happened on the whole, though depends from country to country. The virus has maybe run out of steam a little, got less virulent, something like that. Here in Eastern Europe life has been back to normal for almost a month now, hardly anyone wearing masks, most places of work open again, public transport running, and apart from a few flare-ups here and there, no spike in cases as most of us feared. It would have happened by now. Maybe it's the vodka/rakija, maybe the early lockdown in a lot of these countries kept it under control, we'll see, but don't automatically fear the worst. We don't know what will happen come fall, it's true, but we can at least cautiously make some plans for summer.
This could be it, although in my country we "only" had 250-or-so deaths, not enough to 'kill off' (for want of a better expression) the vulnerable population, because everyone was locked up for a month (pensioners 24/7). So maybe we are 'benefiting' from the mass death in the UK and other places and managed to ride out the worst of it, with a slightly more benign strain now predominating. Wish there was some actual hard science rather than my Reddit speculation. Still, it is kind of bizarre that the UK, for example, is NOW introducing facemasks on public transport, AFTER 50,000 people have died from it, or the virus has possibly lost steam, but I suppose that's the price of reopening public transport.
Yes, I remember the F117 thing, bits of it are still in a museum in Belgrade but rumour has it that the important bits went to China or Russia. The embassy bombing was strange in that there was no retaliation from China - considering it was obviously done deliberately.
No, but the US is somewhat behind the rest of the world, more on a par with Brazil etc. I am talking about AFTER the initial peak recedes.
Yes, that's true, a new lockdown. Certainly we shouldn't be complacent. I do remember that in Macedonia the original measures were accused of being sloppy, especially over Easter and stuff, and it seems like maybe they never stopped it in its tracks like in Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia and other countries in the area seemed to do. Serbia is having some isolated spikes in cases too, but we can still hope that things are overall returning to normal, though I will be the first to return to isolation, masks etc. if necessary, don't get me wrong.
Serbia, yes, agree.
Those things are the worst, I get them in bouts at least every year or two and end up contorting my tongue endlessly till I can push it out. Nasty little things.
Hey, you dissing the UK? And Sweden with their progressive, freedom-loving no-lockdown policy?
I know, easy to see with hindsight, but it wasn't being used, it has like a [lid](https://i.imgur.com/4mEe0CI.jpg) that closes when it's not in use, extra space to put things, never OCCURRED to me he might fiddle with the knobs, especially after having been told earlier that day not to touch them. You live and learn. Actually, you don't...
I figured the heat might've fried the memory chips, or the fan, but somehow it didn't.
Nice!
Pretty good except he would never say "instantaneously", that's about four syllables too many.
Or a new one.
Hmm, I turned that setting off straight away as I heard it was causing problems with FPS, and I just had this crash happen to me so I don't think that's a fix.
Well actually before I started the match it kicked me from the lobby saying I had 'modified game files' or something. I get that sometimes, not sure if it's community servers causing it or what, but anyway, I verified my game files before I even started that match when I got the freeze, so not sure what else I could've done there... Definitely it's a problem that Valve need to address, pretty sure they have been notified by now, lots of people tweeting at them etc.
Drugs are a hell of a drug.
&gt;removed Seemingly not because I just played a match with the update, crashed out and we lost the match, gg.
Not bitter, I just meant that phenomenon like when you learn a new word and suddenly it's everywhere, except then I did get a bit cynical, because knowing the tendencies of Reddit to regurgitate everything it WILL pop up soon enough.
Any idea why? I just got a new PC (finally) so now I can record stuff :). I prefer Relive to the Windows Gamebar thing, seems to cause less FPS drops. What's dumb is that it records its own overlay when you start recording, which I didn't realise until I had already left the game.
Oh, I know OBS well enough, I've used it for livestream stuff and recording occasionally, it's just it's not integrated in the OS and then you have to fire it up every time etc., this is handy for just recording a quick clip, but maybe I should compare its performance with Relive etc. Actually I used to like Plays.tv, it's pretty awful in some ways but it had gamestate integration with CSGO - it would mark all your kills on a timeline so you could quickly go through and find any cool moments. I don't know of another recording software that has that? Haven't used it for ages as it performed badly on my old setup.
Well, I think it's mostly sprays where I notice it, I often warm up in 128-tick and then go and play MM, which is kinda dumb. And in MM something feels off, like the spray is 'laggy' somehow. I mean, if the rate of fire of the AK is 10 rounds per second, that's 6-ish ticks per bullet, is it inconceivable that 128 ticks would provide an appreciable improvement (or at least a difference in the way sprays behave)? I honestly don't know enough about how netcode and stuff work... It feels enough of a difference to at least make me lose confidence in my spray. So maybe I should start warming up in 64-tick at least, then if I still play like crap I have nothing to blame!
Only when you want to throw it to the wind.
I feel you, I have been stuck in MG ranks forever and one of my problems is my sprays, I just can't seem to improve them, I've been playing CS for twenty years but never actually sat down to learn more than a quick pull-down when using rifles. When I actually tried to learn I find it incredibly hard to unlearn my bad habit. One thing that's helped though is practicing with your eyes closed. Sounds crazy, but it takes your focus off the wildly jumping crosshair and helps you concentrate on the feel of the movement. My sprays have definitely improved, I can see it on Leetify, they used to be all over the place. Now, if only that were my only problem...
I BELIEVE that's true, and it means you need multiple IPs, but afraid I don't know the technical ins and outs. I just know big community servers have multiple ip addresses, but I do think they can be bound to the same PC.
Not a fan of this at all, my land is mostly not mown, I go round it with a trimmer every now and then and selectively chop stuff that is getting out of hand, but can't bear to mow all the wild flowers that have come up - clover, chamomile, yarrow, thyme, we have SO many bees, grasshoppers, dragonflies, lizards running around feeding on the insects, I feel like our garden is so much healthier. My neighbours are a little sceptical but I think I will bring them round :). This need for neat manicured lawns, I just don't get it.
A couple of besties?
Amen.
Don't forget his weight. And the spray tan.
Agree, if there is even the seed of truth in this then he's got to go, no sentiments about it at all. Though I get told in-game all the time that I sound like him, going to get "jokes" about this now...
Sprinkle some za'atar on there too and I would be eating that all day long.
Standing there primed and ready, "It's kosher now, you've got no excuse!"
It really is cancerous though, most hate subs have been banned by now, maybe it's time this was.
The worst weapon I have had aimed at me by a UK copper was sarcasm. It's usually something like, "Good afternoon, are we in a hurry to get somewhere, MR SCHUMACHER?" Edit: thanks for the quite unnecessary awards. The above was just an example, but I THINK a very similar line was in an early episode of the Fast Show (maybe the very first "does my bum look big in this?" sketch). I can't find it now, I think it depicts the British copper sarcasm pretty well.
Ha, your appreciation is enough, I care not for the riches of this world.
Lol, that's rough. Not EXACTLY in their job description, is it?!
IKR, I mean, I expected it to fail, but this quickly?!
I reckon he will barely notice the transition. I don't know how many viewers he had on Mixer though, did he manage to take his subs with him there?
Oh, I don't doubt there are bad examples too. I remember someone telling a story of how they reported a suspicious bag left by some bins at the height of the IRA bombing campaigns and they called the police, and the police just came and outright ripped the bag open, found some load of crap and went, "There's your bomb" and sort of threw it at them, and they were like, well, I'll just look out for myself from now on, then if that's their attitude.
Yeah, the more tennis he plays the less crap he will talk, so I saw the Adria tour as a good thing in that respect.
Ugh, I wish, but at 47 I am consistently outaimed and outwitted by anyone above MG ranks. Problem is I never was that good, so improving now is VERY hard (despite thousands of hours). For older pros who have been playing since they were 12 I guess it's different.
You're not wrong :D. Though I think it's also about when you started, I first picked up CS in my late twenties, and I just think it was too late to learn the muscle memory, it just won't stick somehow. Frustrating, but there it is.
Well, I wouldn't say he has cleared it up, he's given his version of events which is important of course but not quite the same thing.
Yes, but that could be just one of their messages, taken out of context, I mean it could even be faked. Not saying it is, just that there's a point where the Reddit court has to put down its pitchforks because we don't have all the facts. And allegations of rape are tricky because the presumed "victim" can be conflicted about what happened or manipulated by an abuser (again, NOT saying that's the case here) and it's all way out of the scope of our little judge, jury and executioner here.
Ugh, I don't want to, I've seen more than I wanted to already... Edit: I caved and had a look, seems she again has her own version of some of the counterclaims, and so it goes on, at some point this stops serving any purpose.
I agree, but the community is lapping it up, flip-flopping from one to the other, it's a shitshow at this point.
Lads, I wonder if you can learn anything from this whole business. Consider not thinking with your PP, don't jump into every hookup or sketchy/poorly defined relationship and especially have a good hard think about any situation where the boundaries of consent are blurry. Your life will be much the happier for it (edit: and other people's, too). Sex isn't actually everything, even though there are people who at their age really should have figured that out by now. You probably don't believe me, but that's the PP talking again.
The thing is we all struggle with this. In other modes, players locations are either quite predictable (repetitive spawn points, etc.) or you ONLY have to think about popping heads, nothing else. Also dying in a match obviously has much greater consequences than dying in DM or whatever as it can cost rounds and matches so you are more nervous. In a match there are periods when you are not doing much, just waiting, holding an angle, trying to make intelligent decisions, etc. etc. - and then when the moment comes to aim you are just not ready, or it's over in a split second and you either won or lost the duel. You may find, like me, that you are much better in 1vX clutch situations when you are having to rapidly face off multiple opponents who are pushing you, and suddenly it's a lot more like DM and you perform better. I don't think there is much per se that you can do - the aim benefits WILL carry over to MM to some extent, just not as much as you hope, probably, and you just need to be playing matches and other modes like Executes (big + for XGC servers if you are in EU) or Retakes, that can simulate other aspects of the game, not just aim.
I am gonna assume you don't have neighbours directly across from you! Evidently your parents were more restrictive than I am because my kids run around the house in their underpants most of the time.
Yeah, but that's like 16.8 million shirts, quite the commitment.
IT'S HAPPENING BOYZ!!!! Not sure what, but I am sure as hell gonna be on that train, even if it just ends up in the maintenance siding with some old geezer whacking the wheels with a crowbar looking for cracks while the passengers wait patiently and resignedly, accepting their inevitable fate before being transferred to a replacement bus service that will in turn break down by some corn fields in the middle of nowhere at 4 a.m., eventually, though by a tortuous, roundabout route, ending up exactly where they were headed anyway, but with a 14 hour delay.
fl0m's Road to Global, almost every game. I feel like it's a Trust Factor thing, I.e low TF. Almost never happens to me in "average" ranks.
Yeah, I did also actually presume that's what they meant, but thought I'd clarify anyway as I love language stuff.
Congrats man, I feel you, struggled up to MG1 before the big rank reset and then had to do it all over again. Still haven't managed to break through to the fabled DMG, no time no skill. Feelsbadman. Edit: also have thousands of hours, sucks that that hasn't translated into at least a top skill group, but some of us just don't have the natural ability and no amount of grinding can help much there.
&gt; Is it just me or ~~E-sport industry is~~ *human beings are* kind of fucked up?
/r/deadbedrooms
