VH1 should do a Where Are They Now on them.
When the dog is no longer living, just existing. You'll know.
Tardigrade.
Yeah, f the UN. They were sentenced to death for heinous crimes.
They've spent their entire lives being dependent on government funding for their living. They will say what the government wants them to say.
Government tries to control EVERYTHING. Looks like they've succeeded with you. Global warming and cooling is cyclical and humanity can't control it. Stop being a puppet. Read some history, learn for yourself how the narrative and data they invent has changed through the years to fit whatever they want it to.
It's all a vast right wing conspiracy, right?
Politics poster, obviously. Dissent is derided and all who disagree must be insulted. Can't have anyone think for themselves, right? Good thing your a flaming lefty. If you were conservative, the insults you spew at others would get you banned from most subs.
No, I just repeated to this person what they said to me an hour before. Perhaps you should read through it's responses to others before you do defend it and realize you are defending someone against what they do to other constantly.
You weren't part of the conversation I was having with it. You still aren't. And now I'm no longer part of this conversation. Bye.
You're not supposed to apply logic to liberal screeching. EDIT: Looks like some NPCs are upset.
I don't know. But talking about it is upsetting some people, as evidenced by the downvotes I'm getting.
Make them talk as you put them in the oil. "We who are about to fry, salute you! "
Skinny Hoe and the Crack Addicts
It kinda is, but you managed to keep it from being too bad.
Bullshit. OP works at Papa Murphy's and did this shit for fake internet points.
That has to be Shaq's foot.
Fake news.
What did you stain it with?
Sounds like you may have dropped a concentrated soap on it. Best bet is to use extraction, like a rug doctor. Don't put any other chemicals of any type on it. Rinse with plain water and nothing else. Or get a professional carpet cleaner to come and rinse it. The orange may not be completely removable, sorry to say.
Hope it works out.
Would you agree that men should be allowed to terminate all financial responsibility before birth?
Huh?
TIL
Splashers in Kona. Might as well be held in paradise.
Down The Hatch in Maui would also work for the same reason.
Such a goo boi! Extra treetz tonight.
He looks more than twice her age
You can get that at Papa Murphy's. And it's good.
And all the classes are taught in Spanglish?
Chinese spy in Dianne Feinstein's office.
I still have the original VHS tape (Cereal Killer) of their first album. The were still Green Jellö at the time.
Being black.
Get my other key from the lockbox.
These are the same people who turned over London to a mayor who will jail them for reporting crimes committed by muslims.
Poverty
GoT Season 8
Miss Piggy, I just pretend it's Amy Schumer.
All of r/uwotm8
Because they'd be in jail.
Trannys have voices, too
No. If it's a woman's choice, it's a woman's responsibility.
You need some current jokes.
Check out my penis!
All billionaires who say taxes should be higher should be taxed 100% upon their death. Problem solved.
Live version of Do You Feel Like We Do by Peter Frampton.
That's Hot Lips Houlihan.
What qualified Obama and Pelosi to wipe out the American health care system and replace it with a system that everyone knew was unworkable?
Le-a Pajama Female
r/guns shows up and gave over
You can't elect that! It's been up Buttigieg's (sp?) ass!
Chicken pox
Avoid drugs.
White Castles
Don't eat ass before your wedding
That cop that thought he'd get away with it.
Mistreat animals
I would love one! But the instant my wife saw it, it would go through the shredder.
Pro tip: Don't ride a fucking motorcycle during a lightning storm.
Bread. Because pizza crust.
Getting the chocolate river and the sewage pipe mixed up.
You're in the cat's chair, old boy.
And the letter a is in every number until you get to 1,000,000
This hole has something growing in it.
Speaker of the House
They shouldn't, and the USA should actively seek out and destroy Chinese military assets that approach our assets and interests.
To bad the girl's father didn't fix this long ago.
Sawzall with a giant dildo attachment. Death by snu snu!
You have been banned from r/nambla
Give me Ygritte and Missandei.
That dumbass is the most UNQUALIFIED person to be a moderator.
So a child crying and screaming "No please stop" should be considered consent. What is wrong with the left?
My uncle with terminal cancer, so he could get free government health care like criminals and illegal aliens.
Depends on if she has a brother named Betty.
Imagine getting drunk once night and waking up next to that.
You don't want to know
Just couldn't get the puck past that final boss....
GFY, OSC
The island of Honolulu? You ever been to that island?
Missouri is bringing toasted ravioli, pizza with a cracker-thin crust, and the Stanley Cup so you know which table is ours.
The USA and the UK vs Russia, China, and the DNC
Buy guns and ammo.
4 corners monument isn't on the actual spot.
I wonder if being allergic to alcohol is a thing? You may just not be cut out for drinking. I don't drink at all any more and don't miss it. The cost is too high for me.... you literally piss your money away. Just my 2 cents.
I think we could have made him governor. That place was packed.
Oh fuck, this should be stickied.
Minesweeper
Really?
Obamacare
And the top Democrat contender is a known pedophile.
More liberal anti-1A bullshit.
I always get her confused with John Wayne Gacy.
I am tired of paying over $5 for one lousy gallon of gas.
This is what front end loaders are designed for.
Since you don't want to know about hard work, try the lottery.
Hickory dickory dock
Bye
A nest of wasps
Not surprising, they're both idiots.
Steve Irwin
Christine Blasey Ford. One of the white knight incel r/news mods banned me for calling her a roastie.
He deserves to. The democrats broke every law they could find trying to beat him. Turnabout is fair play.
Wrong. Fighting back is how to stop democrat lawlessness.
Americans who want the country to remain a place of law and order against the democrats
I knew you'd get around to insults. It's all the left has.
Can't be having no uppity blacks getting off that liberal plantation now...
Some of them, like VT, at home with the little ones and nursing injuries.
Another liberal projecting himself at Trump.
Well, you just jumped the shark. See ya.
Says the person who never once complained when Obama was starting wars all over the world. How many POC did he kill and not a peep from the left?
Needs more blur
Deciding to bomb Pearl Harbor
The only thing she made clear is that she is a moron.
Cut off all federal funding.
You're a (insert liberal talking point here) for calling her a liar!
LOL at using fake news as a source. Downvoted.
Fake news
Didn't mean to trigger you
Well, you know how it is. When you can't beat them or their ideas shut them down... the liberal way. Trump 2020 is a lock because America doesn't want your ideology.
Shooting cops is a liberal tenet.
Here's an idea for you. Use the distracted boyfriend template. Girl in red dress is Hitler. Dude is reddit. Girl in blue shirt is 1A.
Why do you wish harm to me and my children?
The cucks are reporting you for this, guaranteed.
Ew. Having that so close to my face would definitely kill my libido for a long time. This post does not condone violence.
Tyrannosaurus Rex Rectums This post does not condone violence
It's what google loves most This post does not condone violence
So much salt in those liberal comments. I really miss those press beatings. (no, cucksters, I am not advocating violence. It's a figure of speech.) This post does not condone violence
This drawing will not accurately depict liberal men until you draw a cock in its mouth. This post does not condone violence.
Can't understand simple debate questions. Wants to be President of the most powerful nation in history. That's gonna be a no from me, dog. This post does not condone violence or cruelty to dumb animals.
With a Michelle Obama sized dick. This post does not condone violence or unwanted buttsex.
This is the same used up drug addict that stole the entire BATM album from Jake E Lee. Ozzy can't read, write, or play music... just leeches and steals from talented musicians. This post does not condone violence or being a piece of ant-snorting, drug-addled shit.
HI will remain blue. They have set up their welfare state in such a way that the Democrats will never lose control there. Too many people dependent on handouts to survive. This post does not condone violence or sloth.
Present unbiased factual information instead of lies and speculation. This post does not condone violence or fake news like CNN.
Don't make the liberals cry. Which is very easy to do, they have skin so thin it's transparent. This part does not condone violence or being a liberal soicuck.
Reading r/politics This post does not condone violence, cancer, or reading the screeeeeeechings of basement dwellers who can't get over being rejected by the people they want to control.
She went full racist, Twitler condones her racism. The new standards. This post does not condone violence or being a racist
Harris ducked her way up the ranks. That's not attacks, just simple facts. This post does not condone violence or being a whore.
I got a 3 day ban for using the euphemism 'burn it down' in a different sub, before the quarantine. Reddit is gunning for conservative thought and banning it where possible. So I have to post disclaimers everywhere to make sure that when the cuckmins see my posts, they can be assured I don't advocate violence. This post does not condone violence or scaring liberals with words. Keep downvoting cucksters!
Yeah, but can you pronounce the name of that fish?
I got a sigma.
She's still mad because the buffalos could fly if we didn't eat their wings.
This guy Epsteins.
Well, at least he was only a guest. Usually the terrorists were part of the Cabinet.
Chonk!
That's a humuhumunukunukuāpua'a Hoo moo hoo moo noo koo noo koo ah poo ah (glottal stop) ah
I added the pronunciation. It's not that difficult.
He dropped that cup of sperm! AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!
Did I rustle your little jimmies? Wait til they descend, then you'll REALLY dislike being called a boy.
Report it to reddit advertisers and tell them they are supporting murderers.
F
I feel bad for laughing at this.
If you fly to his drug island and hang out with other people who flew to his drug island to partake in drugs...well....
Schiff is guilty. Deal with it.
Minnesota is a state that sponsors terrorists.
Any bets on her being the nominee for the Pedocrats again this year?
I wonder how many barriers and blocks he had to drive around to get there.
More cowbell!
Introduce socialism. That fixes everything.
Freedom aint free yo!
Do you have to present ID to get in?
White Castle burgers
A relative and spouse are into the hotwife/cuckold lifestyle. They put on a pretty religious facade. They don't know I know. I just chuckled when I found out, I don't really care as long as everyone is legal and consents.
Crack.
Bad bot
This is very common where humidity isn't controlled. Most likely it's As/Pen, common mold species.
Terminator? More like 'If Michael Moore worked at CFA'.
What wasn't mentioned is that it was DEMOCRATS that were committing those acts.
Some cymbals have interesting sound changes when they break and will get more use.
$300 should get you a pretty nice one.
One ink cartridge for my printer.
Look at all that lettuce! How do they keep paying the rent!?
Start collecting guns and ammo. Then move to Hawai'i.
Snag a yacht in SD and cruise on over. Hope like hell I don't run into any storms.
They will be if the sun is shining. What's the cutoff date?
And recipient of at least two of those pallets of cash Obama sent to Iran.
The irony will be lost on them.
Michelle Malkin. Woman. Nonwhite. Very smart. All the things Pocahontas claims to be.
Cool Whip on chitlins.
Yet you replied to my nothingburger. &gt; the Dems dare not let a trial happen in the Senate until they can find a way to keep Biden, Schiff, Ciarmella, and other criminals from being put under oath No nothingburgers in there, got any comments?
Spent too much on alcohol Dronks
Bad poker players are called Donks.
Girls who make that duck face? Honks!
You keep using that word, I don't think you know what it means.
Frank's Red Hot. I put that s*** on everything!
Learn 2 chords and buy all the effects pedals you can find.
Turns out he gave them billions of dollars instead. Pallets loaded with cash!
Time to go get your 72 virgins. Seriously, you'd think all those muslims would be happy that he went out in a blast of glory and got to go to paradise.
That there's some funny shit
It gets cold in Poland. Have a coat!
Here's another liberal mad because The Donald, your President, is cleaning up Obama's fuckups.
Insects.
I enjoy reading the extra- chromosome rantings of those idiots. Warms my heart to see their impotent raging.
I'm curious about the source image as well.
You should watch some of the videos coming out of Brazil. Talk about retarded...
Hmmm. Maybe some little lefty complained.
Her brotherhusband let her post today, how nice.
You avoided my question.
I'll tell you where they were. At home in mom's basement beating off into their waifu pillows. Same place you obviously were.
Please elaborate on these evils
Have those sunglasses landed yet?
Joaquin played the Joker. Heath BECAME the Joker.
Those girls are ready to rumble!
Bought a burger at McD's, found actual beef in it. Weirded me out.
I remember Bernie! He's Hillary's bitch!
Real dolls
A set of Lee Press-On claws, in case hers break and she needs to claw my face in the early morning hours.
How well they speak.
I think Iran is going to do something minor but stupid and get another round or two of lessons that you don't fuck with the US while we have a real President, not the pussy we used to have. No pallets of cash this time around, a couple pallets of high speed high explosives are in order.
That's....kinda fucking brilliant.
THOSE BASTARDS!
It's the Democrat way.
LOL. Spoken like a true politics tard. But you did hit all the talking points, so good work.
It would still wind up on the news, and OP would be a target for more crazies from the Soros mob.
Something something Koch brothers something....
When you advocate violence you advocate for violence to be used against you. Is it OK? Do you want to be shot, stabbed, killed for attacking someone you don't agree with politically?
Why do pawnshops buy items that they know have been stolen, and then refuse to turn over said item when the real owner finds it and wants it returned?
Wish I could see the forest, but there are too many trees in the way.
You are aware that Soros was a Nazi collaborator and turned Jews over to Hitler, aren't you?
He's going to be very rich.
Biological terrorism. Let's hope the perps are caught and appropriately charged.
Or just the locals who are nasty as hell.
Linda Lovelace
When did WW3 start? Why wasn't the world informed?
Please remember to donate a few bucks to them.
Trump keeps winning while mullahs keep wining.
If she doesn't have the guts to follow through, then this is the course of action to take.
Not a cat.
Did it fall 6.8 miles? They don't come apart like that when they fall a few feet.
You cowards still going after children?
It's marked as adult content
You misspelled Planned Parenthood
* Lies we've been hearing for decades * So? * Bush was lied to by the CIA and other intel agencies. Not totally his fault. * Not nearly as deep as Hillary and Obama with Uranium One.
Reginald Denny.
Chicken pot pie, if the sauce is creamy.
'Islam is right about women!'
I didn't see liberals lining up at the recruiting stations when Obama was bombing the shit out of everything, including American citizens. Fuck 'em.
If Iran escalates, Trump has promised to serve up **52** scoops of ass-whoopin'. More flavors than Baskins-Robbins and each one comes with a nose cone of love.
Move the text and put the CNN logo for the face.
And those same mysterious hackers snuck into his bathroom and stuck all those pictures of kiddies above the ceiling tiles, too!
And, of course, avid users of the largest Bad Dragons on the market.
These bitches should be kicked out of the country.
She chopped half of your head off!
Add the /s next time. Crayon? I have plenty.
Still spends less than Big Mike spent by himself.
Is having 3 black women in there racist?
F
Hi Dorice.
When the cops become the criminals, who can you trust?
Hurr durr Orange Man Bad! Iran is the one that Obama gave billions of American taxpayer dollars to.
The desire for free shit, replaced by the desire to earn what you want.
You dirty rat, you stole my joke. 😎
Cancer. Fuck cancer.
That is top tier trash there.
Did he say yes?
Ilhan Omar 100
Time to stop buying Sony.
Most of the merchandise for sale at any Big Lots.
TDS. LOL, NBC (No-brains Batshit Crazy) is going to have to start charging Trump for living in their heads.
LOL. The Shill is about as left wing DNC mouthpiece as you can get. Post some real news.
And then the building clapped.
This is the global warming hoax in a nutshell.
Taaaake me to the river....
Iran killed the Canadians. Trump killed a terrorist. How does he fit in here?
The climate has always changed, you tool. Stop being a follower and do your own research. Best way to do that is to ignore people who take money from a government and turn out this tripe.
http://www.drroyspencer.com/ Here's an actual scientist who doesn't let government money dictate that he spew global warming bullshit. Check it out, let your mind be opened.
All 0 of them.
Nobody's using that to blow up Americans. And nobody is trying to keep it secret.
And then your battery runs out and you have a plastic plate to show off.
Benghazi was her major stumbling block. When your defense of letting Americans begging for help is to let them die and later say "At this point, what difference does it make" then you are not the person to be in charge of the country.
Which one of these is the terrorist Trump just killed?
Don't forget the arsonists that started the fires.
Unhappy and unfulfilled.
He's dead, and the anti-Americans are unhappy about it. What a timeline.
spez, for secretly editing user comments.
Never start a fight. Always be prepared to finish one.
You're in Oz? Had a lot of fun with a lot of your girls in Perth. Tell them and my kids I said hello. 😁
Yeah, that's not approved by the school board.
I prefer the toilet paper with Hillary's face.
100 to 200
Somebody please do a Hagrid meme of 'You're a cuckold, Harry'.
Endorsed by John McCain.
You have to leave the basement first.
LOL, you sing like one of the many paid shills that infest reddit. Have a nice hot day.
See what I mean?
The millions of people who starved to death
B b b b but he's grabbing her pussy!
Sucks more for the bird.
Can you say Dingy Harry Reid?
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/7f/aa/51/7faa51f37aa43467e387b44334cbd09d--conservative-politics-michelle-obama.jpg
I guess China doesn't like you making up truths about Comrade Bernie.
Future Europe would be a sub-Saharan shithole where you can't resist if you are raped and can't defend yourself if you are assaulted.
Oh wait...that's present day Europe...
Hate speech = Oh fuck we can't argue against that point shut him down!
Joe Biden says "Old enough to pee is old enough for me"
Bring Me To Life by Evanescence
Pizza. With pineapple, canadian bacon, and more pineapple.
Mao Zedong
This. Those are not aborted fetuses.
March Of The Taints
I hope we don't forget that Bill Clinton is a rapist😁
Debbie was right about Marshall
Or pulling the dipstick.
He's just looking for some moose munch.
"Unknowingly"
Ask your mom.
Leave it there so they can return the TV when you leave.
KISS. Last one I went to, you could tell they were phoning it in.
Nah, the real timeline was the one where Obama told Hillary he had info that would put her in jail.
Don't care. Not getting removed. Economy will continue to surge. He will be reelected.
OK. All of those were actual predictions. How many came true?
&gt; It's the looney bin for this dude. LOL. Keep up the downvoting. It makes me happy.
&gt; Backup phone that I use to make voice recordings of phone calls and conversations ACR
You'll be able to tell the Pantyfa people by the smell of soy and skinny arms.
The A Team. Nice.
This isn't WTF material. It's im14andthisisfunny material.
Want socialism? Go to Canada. Want freedom? Murica!
We've already heard from the Pedocrat witnesses.
With Al Frankengroper as VP.
OMG Orange man is so baaaaad REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Climate change is real, and has been going on for eons. What do companies and businesses have to do with that?
Imagine being so weak and limp that this qualifies as racial hatred.
You sound jealous of her. Bless your heart.
That's one way to keep the liberals from turning this into an even bigger sham than they already have.
Still President until Jan. 2025, too.
So can Captain Sparklefingers. I'm not impressed!
That's a no. Next.
The left and Obama doubled the national debt in only 8 short years. So don't get high and mighty about the deficit or debt now. The hypocrisy is staggering from the left.
Obama drones an American citizen and a child - Democrat crickets. Trump drones a terrorist known to have maimed and killed hundreds of Americans - Demorats get insanely furious and demand Trump's head on a platter.
Watch Greta at the news conference. She gets asked a question and mumbles incoherently for a few of the most painful minutes you'll ever witness. It was awesome.
Whoever is filling your head with this shit, stop listening to them. There are a LOT of good things about life, you just need to look a little and you'll find them. Make some friends and go for a walk in the woods.
Japan. Australia.
Nah, it doesn't. This world offers many things of beauty to be enjoyed. Don't focus on the bad, it will only bring you down. Acknowledge it, but don't be consumed by it.
You can also put crumpled newspaper in an empty plastic bag and use that to dab joint compound onto the patch. Knock down with a tape knife and keep at it until you feel the texture is close enough. Let dry completely and then paint.
&gt; Isn't just ending it better? It's also like an act of defiance You couldn't be more wrong. Those thoughts are defeatism, not defiance. Live a happy life and enjoy yourself, in spite of the fucking government. Your nan would undoubtedly tell you that ending yourself is the wrong way to go. You only get one life and it should be lived to the fullest, not thrown away in a fit of pique. All of humanity is lessened when one of us dies needlessly. And suicide is needless except in rare circumstances, which it doesn't sound like you are in.
LOL, you just made yourself look even dumber than Obama and Pelosi. Congrats, you've unlocked a rare achievement.
Well, if you're that determined to end it, I guess no one is going to talk you out of it. Nice talking to you.
I vote to sticky this. But the admins would probably cast it as violence akin to the dropping of the atom bomb on Hiroshima.
His name is Ronald Reagan. Please correct and resubmit.
Pantyfa wasn't showing up, no defenseless old people to assault. Too many people who would fight back and win.
Another meme done in by a misspelling.
Ah, I get it. Thanks.
If you took the articles of impeachment into a regular old courtroom, the judge would dismiss immediately. There is no evidence being presented, and therefore no way to convict. Trump will be found innocent, and that will be the end of it.
Then I'm sure the House will have another peach mints inquiry. Right? That's their job, right? Your hatred of Trump is embarrassing.
So if I beat the ever living hell out of a woman, I too can be one of the bravest athletes in history?
The Democrats didn't offer any facts to check. Just opinions and whining.
Too little too late. It's already been brought to the US and who knows how many other countries. Get ready for the Caterwauling News Network to blame Trump for this outbreak that will affect a few people.
Yes, my name really is HillaryLicksHuma@herfishyplace &lt;dot&gt; slurp
ORANGE MAN BAD!
Mods in political subs would definitely shit their didies.
Looks like he's practicing for Anderson Cooper.
I was quoting Marty after Doc found out he needed 1.21 gigawatts, but thanks.
Hilarious.
Your quote is incorrect. War is a necessary evil.
Skinny neck, large eyes, vacant expression.
Try socialism, where the masks are never available, and neither are vaccines, medicine, food, water, etc.
Grab some mints, hold them next to your peach. Post photo. Peach Mints! Sorry, silly idea...
Of course it is. No Democrat out there today has a chance against him.
Looks like a hooker way past her prime but still trying to make a buck or two.
I see 6 belts
Democrats can't win 2020 against Trump so they wrote down some shit and took their butthurt to the Senate. Then failed miserably.
Guilty of?
Do we have Bolton saying it? I am only aware of the NY Slime attributing quotes to him but no confirmation from Bolton.
Evil - Austin Powers. Good - Alton Brown.
What?
Deport this shit and stop giving it attention.
They also hate being ignored, which is why they're so violent.
The moment anyone named Biden is called to testify, the liberal media will start blubbering about the 5th Amendment and why it's such a great idea for liberals to refuse to testify.
Followed by a godzillion.
Global warming.
How badly is the government mucking up the healthcare industry?
hockey shorts
Thriftpunk.
You notice little things along the way....more money, not burning holes in your clothes or furniture, food tastes better and things smell better. The trick is to not start up again, I've seen a lot of people do that. 8 years since my last one, keep up the good work.
Raspberry jelly on bagels.
I'll be glad when we raise the collective IQ in MO enough so that people will stop electing Democrats.
Such a clever comeback! Maybe you should post the screenshot, with your waifu pillow by your side.
And this is where the left doesn't want to go.
Teeze - Party Hearty
Can't be just sell one of his mansions?
Yeah, I can't believe you people don't want redistricting run by a partisan hack instead of the bipartisan committees we used to have do it. Let's face it, this was hidden deep in that garbage bill and needs to be addressed. Let's put it up to a vote by itself and see if people want to put this unworkable scheme in the hands of one person or go back to what worked for decades.
Don't knock it, I got out of what could have been an obvious DUI doing that once.
Don't make any noise when Christian Bale is gracing us with his awesomeness.
Has to be female. None of the other 653579 genders allowed.
He needs to do some sort of ceremony with a huge mallet like 0.3 BAC Nancy did for Obamacare.
The owners did the damage themselves. Bet a buck on it.
They aren't.
No. They are protecting normal people who don't support riots.
What if Obama was with him?
99% of the way to Godwining yourself. You can do it!
Not just drone strikes, but acting outside the law his whole time in office.
Drugs. Not even once.
Have you ever sent more tax top the government than you had to? If your answer is no (I know it is) then you are a hypocrite. Don't try to take my money before you give up all of yours.
$50.
What about Barack and Vlad?
800 or more.
I bet David Dorn would have liked to have had a tank nearby.
I thought that was Bill DeBlasio's daughter for a minute there.
Cat - You bought it. You use it, stoopid hooman.
Too bad David Dorn didn't get to see it.
You're the one holding the immersion blender.
More criminal cops.
The Chinese Pandemic
Waiting for someone to paint over the V
Put riots down immediately
It's all doom and gloom until the election.
They made Merkel look like Trump. lol @ the angry Somalians
And he's deleting all the posts that support Trump in politics every day!
She's pregnant. Get ready for the kittens.
Something union.
Who did he run over?
Pineapple Jelly Belly
We could have more nice things if these m_____ f_______ Ay Rabs didn't fenna be sittin outside wif dey AK47s!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kga2soqvMF0
Being President of the United States and working hard to keep America great. LOL, I knew this would outrage some of you. The downvotes don't hurt, so keep 'em coming!
"Chased out" No, the pantyfa boys were not chased out. They didn't have the guts to show up in the first place.
I'm not confused at all. I don't like bullshit, I hate terrorsts, and Pantyfa are both. And you're an apologist for them.
He's down to a 1.6% chance of winning! He's toast!
If someone threatens my life, I don't care what they are holding. Traytray had tea and skittles, not soda. His innocence or guilt is irrelevant, he attacked an armed person and tried to kill him. He was killed in self-defense and the guy who shot him was tried and found innocent of a crime. End of story.
Ah, OK. I hope this info will help the other person who commented to me, though.
I buy some new guns and hope I don't need to blow a criminal to bits.
Liberal. Logic. Pick one.
Green Day
A lot of those people would be alive if the nursing homes they lived in weren't forced to take in people who were sick with this flu.
Can't wait for Kim Gardner to commit more felonies trying to derail him.
What about white lives? Yellow lives? Red lives?
TRIGGERED!
Somebody doesn't know how identical twins works.
Amy Schumer
He's wearing a shirt with a naked gay black guy on it. Nice.
Looks like a 2 pack a day habit there. Any proof this came from a Wuhan Flu patient?
Looking at reddit here
You sure can! They stole his MAGA hat!
Well get your tongue out of his ass!
Well, Obama's ancestors were slave owners. So yeah it's his fault.
You'll have to sit in the airport 14 days before they'll let you out to go to that Target. Hawaii is on lockdown until they starve themselves to death.
Chatting Through The Glory Hole My new band name
This oppresses me. Nice repost.
I'd like to speak to an admin about this post.
Black people also owned slaves.
Look at that mouth on Maher. He didn't get that round mouth from eating square meals.
You need a pregnant girl for lactation.
Depends on how much you can stuff in it.
If he was a girl she'd have to start hoein'
Cuz he thinks for himself.
This caller is driving me nuts!
I take it you don't drive on any of the side streets? I've seen cars do 60 up Humes. 100 down Shackleford. Driver almost always well you know. Cops don't know what color you are when you go by them that fast, they just know you're more dangerous to the children than corona virus. I lived in Florissant for over a decade. It's running down and will be the new north St. Louis within 15 years. The people there don't give a damn.
&gt; As TheBlaze reported, Rahman's bail was secured by Salmah Rizvi, a former high-level intelligence official who worked in the Obama administration. More scandal from Obama and his band of merry domestic terrorists.
It's a good thing for his family that he got that right. The guns aimed at his family could have accidentally gone off.
No. I mean Fast And Furious, the gun walking program of B Hussein O.
Swim in the ocean.
Depends on why they want to die. An 80 year old terminal patient would get a different response than a 15 year old who has hormones raging through their body.
Women.
Never. I can't get it into my mouth.
The edge of the universe.
Legbeard.
Because some of the locals don't respect private property rights, but they do respect the muzzle velocity and stopping power of a Bullpup.
I have a feeling OP did NOT learn a valuable lesson.
Ever heard of a space suit?
A young female Larry the Cable Guy.
See what I mean?
Don't know what you're going for here but it's funny. Nice job.
When he beat the corruption of the Democrat Party and beat Hillary's ass in the election.
OK, but....why?
Love is destroying public property, requiring public funds to repair.
They were born here, too. And you're in the minority with your thinking. So you demand EVERYONE ELSE change to suit you. Classic. The angry minority demands the majority kneel to them. And now you resort to namecalling. Reported. Let's see if calling people names is acceptable behaviour. Rule 1 violation.
But protecting rapist pedophiles is cool in the Vatican. Fuck them.
Impeachment
Eating lobsters
Was filmed in East St. Louis if I remember correctly.
Do you find the extreme left position of reddit as a whole a threat to democracy and free speech?
That is so fruit.
Not let anyone from China or another country that has rampant disease into the US until they quarantine for 15 days in a facility where they want to leave from.
If you mean Bolton, prepare for him to be a new CNN contributor.
Virus package pre-installed at the factory.
San Francisco. Dirty, drug users everywhere, shit in the grocery stores, ridiculous taxes on everything.
Not yet. But I'm keeping that option for when I'm older.
Pet spas.
&gt; Clinton did actually, by almost 3 million Too bad illegals got to vote in CA, NY, IL, WI, and a few other states.
There isn't, at least not the way you want. We both know the Democrats stuff ballot boxes. It's a long tradition in the DNC, going back to at least 1960.
Nice addition!
One hit wonders don't qualify.
I don't have that. If you do, link so we can see it.
Fuck you John Roberts
And a QuikTrip
She would be a great President. Democrats! Here's our first woman President! Support her!
And the bartender gets banned from politics and news.
Ask China. They started this.
Did you hear the one about Obama sending guns to Mexican cartels? Oh wait, that one actually happened.
Unrevised history
Guess you haven't been keeping up. The Fed has done testing, provided equipment and information.
Everybody's rioting in the streets and not wearing masks so let's blame Trump like a good little Osymp.
NYC, Chicago, CA, we're looking at you.
Here's a bucket full of jack shit. Enjoy. And Willie D was right. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6sWfk1H6Zp
Calculate the cube root of a random 10 digit number. If it takes more than .005 seconds, human.
More testing equals finding more infected people. Many of them in nursing homes that are forced to accept young infected males who beat the old people up.
Another Pantyfa soiboi trying to make you think he's a Southerner.
She's married so at least one person thinks so.
John Roberts is a disgrace. He should resign in shame for his willingness to let his hysterical hatred of Trump override his duty to the Constitution.
Reddit isn't sophisticated enough to feel shame for their ignornace. Just let them circlejerk. Besides, she's a liberal lawyer in a liberal city who was attacked by liberals and is now under attack by more liberals. The racist PA of STL is going after them because they are white and made the rioters soy their pants
No not at all. Got a feeling it's going to suck major ass.
