And that's fine, but like with any piece of lore, as a lore enthusiast I like to inform people where I can.
If nothing else, would getting it as an ebook or audio book be an option?
I loved both. Spartan Assault was good and had an interesting story, but I feel like, in terms of mechanics and gameplay, Spartan Strike took everything good about SA and improved on it (which I'd want from a sequel). I'd love to get more games like it in the future, though I would hope they'd eventually release on console like SA did.
Good to hear :)
This is completely false. When 343 started, there were a handful of Bungie personnel that migrated to the new company. A few have since left, a few former Bungie employees have since come onboard, but to say 343 started with a ton of former Bungie employees is far from the truth. I would also point out that a few people who had worked on Halo from the Microsoft side, such as Bonnie Ross and Kevin Grace, were there when 343 was founded. However, the overall number of people with any Halo experience were a minority.
This is born from a quote being taken out of context. I believe it was Frank O'Connor who said something along the lines of "we hired people who didnt like Halo because of this or that and wanted to try new ideas". People usually focus on the "we hired people who didn't like Halo" and leave out the rest. What Frankie was trying to say was that they looked for people who had new ideas and wouldn't just sit there and nod their heads. Ask anyone in this subreddit or any Halo forum and I'm confident anyone of them can give you a "I like Halo *but*" statement. **That** is what Frankie was referring to.
Well, the Didact wasn't killed, just composed. Otherwise, yeah, pretty accurate... EDIT: Although, as far as I've been able to tell, there was never any plan to have any other living Forerunners besides the Didact.
He was put in a metaphorical box until he's needed again, which should be in Halo Infinite, by all accounts.
Ken Peters. And while Schlerf was Senior Writer, he wasn't the only one.
&gt; Welp, that's disheartening if that's the case That's basically what I was told, yeah. And yeah, kinda disheartening.
&gt; He was the ODST from Dirt that spoke to the dying Sergeant Yevgeny. The author confirmed it. He didn't have much character in *Dirt* either. Not unlike his role in ODST, Rookie was there to serve as an audience surrogate. His role was to sit there and listen. He had no character.
God I love /r/imsorryjon
Wow, no idea how I missed that
The Halo TV show isn't an adaption of an existing story like Game of Throne was, it's a new story set in the Halo universe.
&gt; like say a truncated explanation of who the Spartans are If that's all that we're to expect, then we have nothing to worry about. But the way things have been explained, we're practically looking at a TV show with its own dedicated continuity, disconnected from anything else.
&gt; A Halo TV show should be adapting the Halo story - the story of the Chief The TV show is a new story, not an adaption of any existing story. In that light, and considering the majority of the Human-Covenant War's 28 year history is unexplored, there shouldn't be any need to heavily change things and set the TV show in its own continuity.
We have literally no lore at all for John's service between 2535 and 2544, and next to none from 2544 to July of 2552. There's so much room in there for new stories that I just can't imagine what would demand change unless they're purposefully setting foot on existing stories, in which case I just don't know why they're trying to tell a "new" story at all.
Halo isn't Legion/X-men. The Halo franchise and all it's media have always been set in the same universe, all part of the same lore. The TV show should be the same. There are decades of time that are unexplored with few to any restrictions. If the writer want to tell their own stories, they shouldn't be writing for Halo. Book authors write amazing stories set within the restrictions of the Halo universe all the time. The TV show should be no different.
&gt; Have you considered that perhaps those decades of unexplored time are accounted for internally at 343 and wouldn't suit the story they want to tell for the show? Or that 343 want to leave them untouched for future projects/games? I have. Doesn't justify it in my mind. There are a thousand ways to give this show its creative freedom without disconnecting it from the rest of Halo media. &gt; every other major media franchise has multiple versions of it's story Because all now how popular Halo is when it follows trends, right? But seriously, just because other franchises do it is no justification or reason for Halo to do it. &gt; it's actually more shocking that this hasn't already happened within the Halo franchise. It is, and that's a big reason why I love the franchise as much as I do.
&gt; creating a branch canon Kiki has said in another interview that the TV show would be considered a branch of canon (which is admittedly vague). &gt; but this is getting way overblown. ~~Maybe, but it's on both sides of the isle.~~ Both sides might be the wrong way to say that. People seem to be brushing aside concerns as completely unfounded, which isn't helping.
I imagine campaign, but we might also see a multiplayer tease, perhaps in relation to the expected flights.
Infinity's MAC only damaged the surface.
Halo Encyclopedia is the main source, but it's also mentioned in the pages of *Halo Cryptum*.
This is my biggest fear
Detail and quality aren't the same thing. While MEGA has really upped the quality of their pieces over the years, LEGO is still the higher quality product.
EDIT: [LEGO's policy on military and guns](https://www.eurobricks.com/forum/index.php?/forums/topic/52894-tlgs-written-stance-about-weapons-in-lego/) It's more accurate to say LEGO had a no-gun policy, meaning nothing that fires bullets, so laser guns and impulse beans are considered OK.
Let me put it this way: I started Halo Canon because of how wrong Halo Follower's lore videos were.
I mean, how likely do you *really* think it is that Blue Team will be present alongside the Chief in Infinite?
Mjolnir has waste processing capabilities.
Gonna miss that Mk. VI MOD
VISR is just a general HUD technology used by the UNSC. You can see VISR version referenced in the different visors for Halo 5 (and Halo 4 I think).
I think the guy looks a bit young to be Delgado.
Why does everything need to be about functionality? If functionality is what you want, then the H4/5 design was the most "functional" Chief's armor has ever been.
It's so he can be identified should other major identifiers be destroyed in battle.
I never hated it. I hated the explanation and introduction, but the armor design itself is easily my favorite design for Chief (followed closely by Mk. V)
Off how?
I don't think either trailer was real-time rendered. I also don't think anything looks off. Chief's armor looks like how painted metal looks.
Fair point
Mjolnir is coated in ceramic.
I doubt it. Lord Hood was in his 60s in Halo 2, as was Halsey in Halo Reach. People still seem to age the way people in modern day do.
I have no problem with the 117 on his chest. And the armor looks like painted metal, which it's supposed to be. I don't think people know what plastic looks like. ~~I don't understand what you're trying to say.~~
It's a solid edit, but I'm curious why the more yellow color? Chief was only that color in the Halo 3 announcement trailer.
I strongly disagree. He's got more charisma than just about anyone individually in Halo 5 to be sure, but character? No.
The Primordial is part of the Flood now. There's nothing of it to release on Installation 07. A fragment of Mendicant Bias being there isn't impossible though, but I have doubts about his presence in the game.
Nice! That meant to be the pilot with him or a random marine?
Those aren't mutually exclusive. Spartans are the best line of defense for Humanity, so it would make sense to focus development on GEN3 first, especially when older weapons are just as effective as the new stuff.
Yes
If Chief really goes back to an emotionless shell in Halo Infinite, I don't know what I'm going to do. I'll play the game, probably enjoy the campaign, but the story will be so hollow. It'll be like Halo 5 all over again.
And Windows 10
Reach is a prequel to the original Halo trilogy, so it's a perfect place to start.
&gt; just take it as a dramatic retelling, not a historical retelling Not possible. The game is, canonically, an interactive reconstruction of Noble's actions taken from helmet cam and other camera footage. It's about as historical as it can get, never mind we have a lot of other hard-canon materials (as in they can't be refuted in some manner) that re-establish the events and date in Halo Reach.
I'm curious, if you don't mind: how would you have felt had the original intent been followed through on? That Forerunners were actually ancient Humans?
If you say so. Like I said, it's a mindset I just don't understand. I like learning more, having the answers. Makes everything all the more exciting for me.
It's always been the case that there are male and female Spartans. Why? Probably because the UNSC would take whatever, or in this case whomever, fit their criteria. With the Spartan-IIs, the program director Dr. Halsey was looking for children around the age of 6 with specific genetic markers. Ultimately she found 150, but later had to reduced that for budgetary reasons. When she was trying to form a second class, she eventually shut the program down because, in part, she could find enough candidates who met her criteria. When the Spartan-III program came around, the genetic criteria and age restrictions were still present but much looser. In addition, they pulled candidates from those orphaned by the Covenant War. By the time of the Spartan-IV program, the UNSC was capable of augmenting adults, so candidates are pulled from active service members. The UNSC has no gender restrictions on service, so there are male and female Spartans.
Well, Infinity incorporates a lot of Covenant and Forerunner technologies, so it's a lot tougher than the Punics were. Plus, it was intended as the final hiding place for Humanity should Earth have fallen. Certainly a "all your eggs in one basket" kind of plan, but not one without some merit, I think. In 1 on 1 combat, the Infinite is capable of defeating any Covenant ship up to and including the CSO-Supercarrier from Halo Reach. And thank you!
If we're talking about Halo 5, then I agree. If we're talking about Halo 4, then I must strongly disagree. The Prologue to Halo 4 was anything but random. It introduced casual audiences to John's origins and setup the themes of Halo 4.
While true, the Halo 5 cutscene with Osiris doing a HALO jump was marketed as Halo 5's opening as well. It's always possible there could be a prologue before the opening we saw at E3.
Wonderfully put, thank you.
The Arbiter has likely known Chief was alive since mid-2557, not long after MC was discovered by the UNSC. As for when he found out that Locke was hunting Chief, I imagine he was told by a member of the Swords of Sanghelios, who were likely told by Lasky or Osiris when they teamed up with the Swords in the first place.
A missile from a Skyhawk.
&gt; Bear pretty much blew the entire human/forerunner ambiguity There was no ambiguity after Halo 3. Humans and Forerunners were separate species and the Forerunners chose Humans to inherit their legacy. The only question was "why" which would have been stupid to leave unanswered. &gt; the Didact got turned into such a terrible waste of a character That has nothing to do with mystery. &gt; And the way they "fleshed out" the Spartans' origin with forerunners is so convoluted Are you talking about how Spartans were driven by geasa implanted in Humans to lead them down the path to the Mantle? &gt; What mysteries? Precusors are the new Forerunners.
That was the original intent. But the 2011 Visual Guide canonized the shields. However, more recent media seems to show Red Team without shields (prior to upgrades in Halo Wars 2), so it entirely up in the air right now.
&gt; I also don't think Reach is anywhere near a perfect starting point Why not? I'll admit I'll generally tell people to start with CE and go in release order, but I don't see any issue with starting with Reach.
If you want to call it shit, that's your prerogative. I'd call Bear's writing some of the best Halo has ever seen. The man is a Sci-Fi legend and brought his A-game to Halo.
The three dots appeared on the Halo 3 version of Mk. VI as well. I don't think it's an easter egg of any sort, as the design for Mendicant Bias in those images was created by the producers of Halo Legends. However, it's always possible they took the gauntlet as inspiration for Mendicant's design.
Did I ever say I don't want to know more about Precursors? I don't think so.
So? Still always willing and eager to learn more.
Sexual harassment is *any* unwanted sexual contact. Just because there's fabric between his hand and her ass doesn't mean the touching isn't sexual.
I think groping a person's ass is an inherently sexual act.
And it turns out all the girls are crossdressing guys too.
The armor is Generation 3. It's name is unknown though.
&gt; installation 04.3 It's called Installation 09 (the ring from Halo 3 was Installation 08, incidentally) &gt; which has an index We don't know whether it has an Index.
The Spirit of Fire is almost certainly still stuck at the Ark.
You should get your reading comprehension checked, or do a Google search before making such an moronic claim. Hell, even just visit Halo Waypoint. Ske7ch said in March that flights *could* start in April if everything went according to plan. He later posted that plans had to change and flighting was being pushed back. Since there have been rather large updates explaining what's going on.
Ah, you're a troll. Got it.
[April Update](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/mcc-development-update-april-2019) [May Update](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/mcc-development-update-may-2019)
Probably, yeah. Though I'd love if 343 could get a bit more creative this time.
Creative with names.
Humanity aren't considered the true successors to the Mantle, Humanity was just the next species Precursors were preparing to test. Before that happened however, the Forerunners rose up against the Precursors. When the Precursors re-emerged as the Flood, they wanted to prevent any of their creations from rising against them ever again and began consuming everything. Despite this, the Flood central intelligence recognized that if Humanity could stop the Flood (and maybe meet some other conditions), they would be worthy of the Mantle.
I never like the Flood teaming up with Humanity in Halo 3, so I'd rather never see any sort of Flood Team up again. But ultimately, yes, I do think the Flood will return to finish what they started, be that passing on the Mantle, or consuming the galaxy.
The Encyclopedia isn't a terrible product, but it does have a lot of mistakes and isn't very well layed out. It's not bad for a better understanding of the games though. However, I would recommend *Halo Mythos* instead. It's a more recent publication (2016) that clearly and concisely summarizes the Halo mythos in chronological order, covering not just the games but all the backstory. I think that would probably do you better than the Encyclopedia, based on what you're asking.
Except for good ol' Delta Halo. Some assholes came along and, just because your Monitor decided to be lazy, burn your face off.
Yes, that's the moment I was referring to.
*The Flood* was written at a time when the Halo lore was barely established, you really can't compare it to the train-wreck that was *Mass Effect: Deception*. *The Flood* was also written in a very short time period, not unlike *The Fall of Reach*.
I see no reason why they wouldn't be. Maybe they won't be around as much as Halo 4 or 5, but I'd be shocked if they were completely absent. And the concept art we've seen of Infinite shows IVs in very different armors than we saw in Halo 4 &amp; 5, so I think they'll be upgraded to GEN3. &gt; but isn't the IV armor built differently than armor for Spartan II and III Yes, but only because of improved manufacturing techniques. The IVs do require some additional strength boosting to bring them up to Spartan-II capabilities, but they could theoretically still use GEN1 Mjolnir. GEN3 was being designed as an overall replacement for GEN2, and thus would be usable by the IVs.
Wasn't it from the Halo 2 Developer Commentary?
I remember it from the H2 Dev commentary. They talk about how Miranda would betray Chief, work with the Prophets, arc-weld a thermonuclear bomb to Chief's back.
&gt; Master Chief is characterized as a stereotypical 80’s cop who’s growing too old for this shit I *never* got that sense in the book.
Race also means species (in fact it originally meant species), so the Covenant's hatred of Humanity is racist. Further, xenophobia is a fear or hatred of that which seems foreign. While there's a lot of overlap with racism, xenophobia is more about behavior while racism is generally about physical characteristics. Racism is more descriptive of the Covenant's behavior, though ultimately it comes down to ideology more than race or whether Humans are seen as outsiders/foreign.
It's a pretty terrible boss fight, if I'm to be honest. Running around then punching him to death just isn't that engaging or satisfying to me. H2A make it a little funnier with the Prophet skull, but still. Best I can say about it is that it's par for the course for Halo boss fights.
The main thing is that AAs can be use any number of times. Equipment is a 1-time use. AAs also don't drop when a player died, which Equipment would (if it hasn't been used yet). There is also the fact that, as implemented, players would spawn with AAs, but there were gametypes in Reach where AAs were placed on the map like Equipment.
GEN3 looks more like GEN1 because that's what the designers were going for when GEN3 was being developed in 2558. Halsey being involved has little to do with it. And all we really know of Halsey's involvement was that she modified the BIOS.
They're wearing the same everything
Nostalgia is a powerful thing. Just look at Halo 2.
The split campaign was railed against pretty harshly back in the day. Halo 5's criticism may have been more severe, but the point still stands.
ALL OF THE HOMO!
Because the next game hasn't come out yet.
Humans and Forerunner were at war, but long after that, when the Forerunners were preparing to fight the Flood, it was decided (mainly by the Librarian) that Humanity would inherit the Forerunner legacy.
Maybe, maybe not. I never thought Reach would be remembered as well as it currently is, but hey, time changes how people view things.
&gt; Well 4’s multiplayer is still almost universally loathed (especially pre 4 shot BR) And Reach was once loathed in the same manner, but look around now. Hell, even Halo 2 and 3 MP were heavily criticized in their day, criticisms that largely seem forgotten now. Time does amazing things.
So far, only the book *Halo: Bad Blood* has covered events after Halo 5. Halo Wars 2 is set after Halo 5, but has limited interaction with the Created story line. Other than that, there's really no information, and likely won't be.
Too true.
This looks like so much fun! I can't wait!
So did I, but luckily I decided to google it before posting, lol
Jesus Christ, [read the *actual* words](https://twitter.com/ske7ch/status/1112877429956046849) Ske7ch wrote out! &gt; **If** all goes according to plan, this is the month we start the first Reach/MCC flights. What part of **IF** did people not understand?
The current GEN version will have some restrictions, simple as that. It's hardly uncommon for game to launch across platforms when a new console releases. What those restrictions are is something we'll have to wait to hear about.
I dont think people watch for the battles.
It's a different take on an Isekai with enjoyable characters. That's enough for me.
And?
It's admittedly impossible to say with any certainty, but the small bit of Chief's face we saw in Halo 4, to me, looked like it was modeled after Bruce Thomas, who provided the mo-cap for Chief in Halo 4 and 5. I think Bruce is a perfect fit for Chief. EDIT: He did return for 5 after all.
The Gravemind issue is kind of complicated. There can be multiple Graveminds active at once, but it's not all that clear if they know of each other and how they interact. We know that when a Gravemind is formed, they connect to the collective Flood consciousness (so in that way, we technically met the Primordial in Halo 2 &amp; 3), if that were the case, it would suggest that the Gravemind in Halo 2/3 would know of the events of Installation 04. That said, the Proto-Gravemind on Alpha Halo was just that: a Proto-Gravemind. It may not have fully connected to the Flood consciousness. But in the end, how all that works isn't 100% clear. Regarding Locke and Thel: this is something that bothered me a bit when the terminals came out, but at this point I've just accepted that ONI has ways of gathering intel on Covenant commanders.
I didn't want to bring that up, but yeah. That bothers me *a lot* more than ONI knowing who Thel is, honestly.
If that helps, the 3-headed dragon isn't too far off. I'll try to explain this as best I can: There is a central Flood consciousness that hold all the collected memories and experience of "The Flood". When a proto-Gravemind gains enough biomass, becoming a full Gravemind, it connects to this central consciousness, gaining access to all previous Flood knowledge and adding anything that local outbreak collected. We already know that more than 1 Gravemind can exist, and that Graveminds have a finite sphere of influence. But since the Gravemind always connects to the central consciousness mentioned before, theoretically, any Gravemind should be aware of any other Gravemind, even if they don't directly interact. A lot of that last bit is speculation though, so don't take it as fact.
The new armor is meant to pay homage to Arbiters past while being a symbol of the transition to a new Sanghelios (the Elite homeworld). https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/universe/characters/arbiter-thel-vadam
My favorites include: *Silentium, First Strike, Silent Storm, Renegades, and Evolutions*. My least favorite is easily *Mortal Dictata*. Still, I don't think there are any books I'd recommend staying away from. For as much as I dislike *Mortal Dictata*, I still think it's best for fellow fans to read it and form their own opinions.
With the dude visiting High Charity? No, I don't think so.
I thought this was a very humanizing moment for the Spartan trainees.
The 200 million number was retconned when 343 took over to mean the number of people alive on Earth at the end of the Human-Covenant War. The vast majority of Humans had been evacuated off-world at some point. The logistics of evacuating almost 10 billion people are an absolute nightmare, but that's the canon as it stands.
The moment from the trailer is cool, but I don't think it would work in the final cutscene. It doesn't flow with the rest of the action, at least not as presented in the announcement trailer. Now, having Douglas shoot as he's being dragged off (and not necessarily focusing on it) could work.
Which is totally reasonable. Although, I think a lot of Halo's marketing campaign have been more interesting than the games they advertise for.
The whole "hyper lethal vector" has thankfully been retconned. All Spartans are classified as "hyper-lethal".
Halo 2 (to the least degree, if only because the story of the Arbiter, while divorced from the defense of Earth, is very interesting on its own), Halo 3, Reach, and 4 (to the second least degree. Again, great story on its own, and marketing was probably the most representative of any Halo game).
I'm certain that was the original intent by Bungie.
Most Spartan-IIs don't express much interest in sex (although, the stories told rarely allow for it, so that's something to be considered). Ultimately, like I said, the "no sex drive" was a potential side-effect of 1 augmentation, nothing deliberately done to them. So there is potential for two Spartan trainees, especially pre-augmentation, to be passing notes like a couple of high school kids and even engaging in sexual activity. *Halo: The Fall of Reach* jumps from the kids being 8 years old to the day of their augmentation. That's 6 years of time that, to this day, have largely gone unexplored. A lot could happen in that time.
Robo-arm! Also, this is amazing!
LOL, ok.
Gallery Books just republished the original trilogy of Halo books in their 2011 forms, so if OP can find those, he's golden.
Skirmishers and Jackals are the same species
Which still means they are the same species. Sup-species is a classification under species.
Not really, no. They appear in plenty of EU material during and after the war though. Easiest way to explain it would be that the fleets we encounter in the games generally didn't have Skirmishers serving with them. Why is unknown.
If you're on one of the newer rings, you won't be safe from the ring's firing. The older rings (like Installation 07 at the time of the Battle of Maethrillian) did seem to keep its occupants safe. Why is unknown, but I would guess it has to do with the different ways the rings fire. Newer rings fire omnidirectionally, where as older rings fire conically in two directions.
Ah, I was wondering if this was the same person, lol.
They weren't given the same augmentations, they were given better augmentations. The S-III augmentations replicated the results of the S-II augmentations with a less-strict genepool and no death tool. The final results were about on par, though.
Yes, well put!
No. Ske7ch said they *could* happen in April had things gone according to play. There was never a set date, never a formal promise.
Release order is always my recommendation. [Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/halo/wiki/literature#wiki_novels) a list with release and chronological orders.
~~Does that not still mean "by Friday" though? In my professional career, I've never heard anyone say "by end of the week" and mean anything other than "by Friday".~~
That's not how things work. They aren't working on single player then working on multiplayer.
Unlikely. Reach is a much bigger undertaking than any other games in the collection will be.
Time would be the major factor. Remember that the gas mine they're on is currently falling into Threshold's atmosphere. Sesa doesn't have much time. Even if Thel was about willing to listen, how realistic would it be for him to jump into the Seraph with Sesa and Spark (woo, alliteration!) and run off to hear "the truth", especially when he was just branded a heretic and is working to regain his path on the Great Journey? Very unlikely is the answer. Further, as we learn in the H2A terminals, Sesa believed that Thel, should he have survived, would have become an Arbiter and likely wouldn't be willing to listen. For Sesa, either Thel had to die, or he did.
Well this is a pleasant surprise
Thanks!
Never got those vibes, sorry.
Thank you for the support! :)
Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well.
All good! I do lament it took so long (honestly the motivation just came out of nowhere!).
&gt; Halsey would still be alive 25+ years after Infinite We don't know that. People assume that because of the voice-over at the end of Halo Reach, during a scene set in 2589. The problem is that there's no reason to assume she's speaking "in present day" (by which I mean in 2589). It's simply a narrative voice-over.
&gt; The maps weren't in the original reach for a reason They were in the original Reach, but rare because no playlist required DLC (with some exception). Everyone has the DLC now, so the DLC maps are going to come up more often.
No way. There are few enough BTB maps, and Spire is a fantastic map!
&gt; I never played this maps in OG reach Again, because they're all DLC maps. A lot of people didn't have the DLC and next to no playlists required DLC, so the chances of them coming up were virtually zero. &gt; What I'm complaining about is why they have these awful dlc maps come up near 100% of the time and the og maps come up almost never? Shouldn't it be ya know, the opposite? They probably come up because people back in the day were asking for them to come up more. I don't see any reason OG maps should come up more simply for being OG maps. &gt; Of course this wouldn't be an issue to begin with if they just put in map voting like original reach had Map voting was heavily criticized. There's a reason it was removed. MCC originally had voting, and again, it was criticized at large. &gt; If they don't fix this within the next month they'll have no one left to sell the season pass to. They aren't selling season passes.
What's Thorage?
He's talking about in the list of maps in a playlist. It lists "Forge World" but doesn't name the specific maps.
&gt; I dont really feed like I gained anything from the book, and I dont feel like I lost anything. This is a sentiment I haven't heard before. I'm curious, if you don't mind, what do you feel you gained from books in the Elder Scrolls or Mass Effect books that you didn't from the Halo books? &gt; it doesnt help that Halo Guardians almost made you read them all to understand the context of the story It didn't. With the exception of Blue Team, nothing in Halo 5 requires book knowledge to understand.
The presence of Blue Team would be the only thing that would require books knowledge, as the game does *nothing* to introduce them. Of all of Halo 5's failings, that is probably the most egregious.
&gt; I would prefer ar+magnum starts with dmrs on the map Enjoy getting snipped by the enemy when they control the DMR spawns and you have no way to fight back.
Mordhau is a new game. Reach is a remastered 10 year old game, never mind that it's one of the less popular Halo games which doesn't help much. I think anyone who expected long-lasting popularity was fooling themselves.
What flight was delayed?
Oooooh. I heard flight and thought a Halo testing flight :P Yes, this is a good way to kill time.
*Halo: The Fall of Reach* animated shows his 15 y/o face, as does *Halo: Collateral Damage*. His face has also been described in a few books. He's an average looking white guy with blue eyes and brown hair.
As someone else mentioned, the UNSC is a united Human military with a mix of cultures. So a variety of names makes a lot of sense. If anything, the fact that a lot of the names are so western-centric is the oddity, if you were to ask me.
Yeah, very western-centric.
Couldn't have said it better myself. I'd go on to say that the Rookie's end in *New Blood* was more or less the logical end for such a "character" without suddenly actually making him a character (and god know how that might have gone).
It doesn't slow down but it doesn't change direction either. My guess would be that "kill zone" refers to the range at which a projectile is guaranteed to deal a lethal blow at, or in other words, the range at which an enemy craft wouldn't be able to move of the way of an incoming projectile and avoid a killing blow. Hope that's not too wordy.
Bad spawns are kind of a staple of Halo. Some will say the older games were better, but in my own experience, Halo's spawns have always been messed up. Spawning in enemy territory isn't all that uncommon.
In Halo CE, Chief is wearing Mjolnir Mark V armor. At the start of Halo 2, he receives Mark VI armor as his previous suit had been damaged during his time on Halo and in the ensuing battles on his return to Earth. The armor worn in Halo 4 is the same armor as Chief received at the start of Halo 2, but during the 4.5 years he was in cryo, Cortana used nanomachines to modify his armor (to whom it may concern: spare me any response about whether it makes sense or whatever, it's canon, deal with it). By Halo 5, his armor had been overhauled by the UNSC to bring it in-line with Mjolnir GEN2 standards as of 2558. There's some debate as to whether his armor was completely replaced, though I'm of the mind it was just heavily modified. By Halo Infinite, he's wearing GEN3 Mjolnir, a new suit of armor that resembles his older GEN1 Mark VI. No major impact on continuity.
It's a dick move. Don't do it. Not in matchmaking at least.
No. It's a dick move. Don't do it, and if you do, I hope you get banned.
Probably because of this unnecessary bit of your post: &gt; Little did I know how unreliable and sloppy 343 is.
There is no pay to win in Halo 5, and even if there were, it's one mode. Arena is unaffected as far as gameplay goes. Yeah, it sucks what 343 did to customization, but that doesn't mean they don't care.
It really isn't.
Breakpoint is a fantastic map and I'm glad to finally get to play it regularly.
While their appearance is non-canon, the lore says that Jerome looked them up in records recovered from UNSC bases on the Ark, confirming they're alive post-war.
That's not the case at all. I think you're talking about the [DMR](https://www.halopedia.org/images/0/0e/Designated_Marksman_Rifle.png).
Can't say why Invasion Slayer is missing but it was a terrible gametype so good riddance, I say. Hemorrhage I'm certain is in the game. Firefight Vs. was never very popular so it's probably resigned to customs alone.
The further you are from a problem, the more disconnected you are. We can see this with modern conflicts, so just imagine how it's exacerbated by the planetary scale Humanity exists on in Halo. Many colonies never had to deal with the Covenant or the consequences of the war, and many civilians were quick to put the blame on the UNSC.
&gt; Reach actually would have indeed served as the turning point For the UNSC, not the civilian population, especially with how much the UNSC tried to sanitize the war.
There's always a chance, but I wouldn't hold your breath. I've heard it can be modded in though, so that might be an option.
lol, I love this line from Joe: &gt; their transmissions that they send immediately before destroying us without saying a word
Ah yes, I forgot about that.
~~For Halo on PC, nothing has changed. Controllers always had aim-assist.~~
You're making the positive claim, you need to back it up. Provide some links.
Got a screenshot?
It is in my opinion. I've been playing nothing but KB&amp;M on PC, the first time in a while, and after an adjustment period and some control remapping, I've been doing better than I do on console. It's so much easier to aim on KB&amp;M that I barely need to zoom in to land shots.
I use KB&amp;M on PC almost exclusively these days. I haven't used a controller on PC since ElDewrito 0.6 came out. Do I have biases? Probably. In this case though, I just see people whining that KB&amp;M can't stomp controllers as easily as people feared before the game came out. Generally though, with the advantages KB&amp;M has, I don't see this as an issue at all.
Halo Mythos is your best bet. It's a guide that came out in 2016 and covers the entire span of the Halo universe from the time of the Forerunners to the doorstep of Halo Wars 2. Otherwise there's series of articles on [Windows Central](https://www.windowscentral.com/halo-story-timeline) that covers each era and game of Halo.
No one has disputed that the population has dropped.
Cool, population dropped for a port of a 10 year old game that's recognized as one of the worst in the franchise.
We're not making excuses, we just don't see it as an issue. This is a port of a 10 year old game that was generally considered one of the worst in the franchise. Did you really expect it to do that well in the long run? Especially with the state of arena shooters in the modern market?
&gt; That being said the population died way quicker than it should of 93k peak to 15k-ish a day peak over a month's time doesn't seem that bad, not for a game of that age. &gt; If we want infinite to do well we have to learn from this. Absolutely, lessons need to be learned from this release, although I feel the community is either latching onto the wrong lessons at times, or giving inflated meaning to certain reasons. Anyway, my point was ultimately that I haven't seen anyone say the population was flat-out not dropping.
Citations on what?
Ah. I had always been under the impression that aim assist wasn't on KB&amp;M for previous PC ports. Thanks for informing me.
The inclusion of ODST's campaign was originally done as an apology for the broken state of MCC when it launched in 2014. Given how many issues were network related, they likely didn't want to add too much burden with Firefight on top of the campaign (maybe, I'm speculating with no real basis). Maybe it can be added down the line. Fingers crossed.
All the Spartan-IIs were augmented at the same time, so there wouldn't be a "first Spartan" among them. There are earlier augmentation programs in the lore, but we have very sparce details on those.
&gt; Would colonization and/or a permanent settlement on one of the installations be feasible? Certainly. Many, if not all the rings, have Earth-normal gravity and atmosphere. &gt; Also, why didn't the forerunner set up their flood research facilities with a dead mans' switch intended to incinerate all their stored specimens if there was no research staff present for an extended period or something? There are numerous fail-safes to keep the Flood samples contained, but they rely on all the systems remaining fully functional. Simply destroying the samples if no staff are present would defeat the purpose of keeping those samples in many cases, as the idea was the keep them for further study after the Forerunners had passed, for Humanity to study once they discovered their legacy and inheritance. There was no reason for the Forerunners to suspect that the entirety of the Flood was within the Milky Way, so destroying any and all samples would potentially doom the galaxy to fall to the Flood again.
Yes. Early in the war, many Insurrectionist groups though the Covenant was fake, or even tried to forge alliances, thinking the Covenant's beef was with the UNSC specifically rather than Humanity as a whole. A few years in and most Innie groups had agreed to a tentative peace, but some groups went into hiding or took the opportunity to declare full independence from the UNSC. Some groups kept up active fights, but not many.
&gt; The lake where we faced Regret, does it lie within the Quarantine Zone surrounded by the Sentinel Wall? It is not within the Sentinel Wall. As for how the Gravemind's tentacles go there, the wall isn't perfect, in part because the Sentinels are operating without guidance from a Monitor. The Gravemind could easily get under the wall or through some small weakness, especially after having tens of thousands of years to work its way around. &gt; If his tentacle going underground would bypass the Wall, then why didn't Infection Forms travel underground? This might just be a general plothole, but it's possible the Gravemind saw no reason to have them do so, for any number of potential reasons. &gt; Because of the Flood outbreak, Delta Halo's teleportation grid was locked. How was Gravemind then able to teleport the Arbiter and John-117? I don't think it was locked. Is there a source you read that said it was? The Gravemind was able to teleport the Arbiter and Chief because it had control of Installation 05's Monitor. &gt; If he had regained acces to the teleportation grid, why couldn't he transport Combat Forms? There might be some fail-safe that even a monitor can't override that prevents the Flood from using that system. Might being the key word here. Alternatively, he might not have had combat forms to spare for such an endeavour. &gt; Where did the Flood obtain all the biomass to grow a Gravemind on Installation 05? I read on Halopedia that some travelers may have visited the ring, but is there Lore that proves this? The mass likely came from local wildlife on the ring. As for potential visitors to the ring, the lore for the map "Backwash" mentions that the source of the Flood outbreak on the ring was unknown, but could have been caused by "outside meddlering". &gt; If the Flood's goal is to consume all sentient life, then why were the Arbiter and John-117 not immediately assimilated? As we see in the game, the Gravemind needed their help to achieve certain goals. Initially to stop the activation of Installation 05 and later on the Ark to stop the Halo array from activating. Assimilating them at those times wouldn't have been able to stop the activations.
Resources, most likely. Use what you have, or use what might be best for a situation.
&gt; It had something to do with the colonies being promised independence, and the Earth didn't give it too them Earth never promised independence. The colonies, the further out they got, felt more and more disconnected from Earth and unrepresented by it. They wanted to be able to make choices and govern themselves rather than answer to a distance authority that didn't really care about their day-to-day.
What difficulty are you playing on?
Well that's your problem. Legendary is the hardest difficulty. You die fast and enemies are a lot tougher.
That's never how Halo has worked. Enemies always get tougher in higher difficulties. How tougher will vary from game-to-game (Reach and 4 practically turn enemies into bullet sponges). Your guns will, of course, then seem weaker and weaker.
&gt; Literally no one is in the middle of a match like “damn is that the cqc helmet type B” I would beg to differ EDIT: a word
The problem is that MCC isn't a single game, it's a collection of games, each running on their own engine. Just getting the Reach customization to work required using a new engine on top of everything else: Unreal 4. I just don't think armor previews are worth the trouble, especially not at the moment.
Did you try verify the integrity of the game's files? https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2037-QEUH-3335
&gt; 343 dedicated an entire section of 4’s content around this fact and towards establishing Crimson, Spartan Thorne especially Thorne is part of Fireteam Majestic. Fireteam Crimson were the Spartan you played as in Spartan Ops. &gt; After H5 released, there’s been next to no word about the 4’s stationed on Infinity, or the Infinity itself. To be fair, there's very little story follow-up on Halo 5, and that's precisely because of the criticism directed at Halo 5, that it appeared to require outside media to understand (which, incidentally, is largely false). To get to the core of this, I think the likelihood of Majestic appearing is extremely slim. 343 seem to want to focus on the Chief for now.
&gt; You do realise all the customization, literally showing your spartan, is already in this menu For Halo Reach specifically, yes. Not for the other games (outside of a static image that doesn't show what colors you've picked).
I don't think you know what "dead" means.
&gt; And, every single game will be converted to the current armor unlock system for PC. &gt; Because that's been the plan since they revealed the system. Gonna need a citation on that because last I read, they don't currently have plans to give the Reach treatment to the rest of the games in the collection.
&gt; I understand why you disagree with me ($$$$) 343 doesn't pay me. I get payed by YouTube, and if I really wanted to make money, there are much more lucrative ways than talking about lore 24/7. &gt; I don't understand how you actually view those terms If a game still has players playing, it's not dead. There.
Okay, do you have any idea how long it takes to be between the higher ranks in classic Reach?
Yeah, that sounds about right
&gt; Imagine everyone surprise when their first update doesn't include any significant changes, and after that they are radio silent? Yeah, because they went on holiday break, like most Americans. &gt; Considering the size of their team The team working on MCC isn't all that big. A lot of people are working on it to be sure, but the majority of the studio is focused on *Halo Infinite*. &gt; Look, I get it, things take time And there are a lot of hoops they have to jump through to get updates out, if I recall correctly.
While the TU does have issues, I'll take it any day over vanilla Reach and all its issues.
I'm going to need to see the math here, because I don't believe that for a second.
Samples collected during the time of the Forerunners still exist and the galaxy reseeding can theoretically be entirely automated.
Chief isn't bald, he has short brown hair.
&gt; The removal of equipment Equipment became Armor Abilities &gt; the switch to hitscan from projectile It had been hitscan in Halo 2, so that wasn't new to the franchise. &gt; addition of bloom Bloom is really just a different (albeit worse) implementation of spread from Halo 3 (and Halo CE). &gt; art style changes I'd argue this happened between Halo CE and Halo 2, and kinda get into why I consider the change from CE to 2 "massive". I started with Halo 2, so when I finally got to go back and place CE, I was shocked at how different everything looked and played, to the point it did and still does feel like a completely different game. &gt; art style changes OMG THANK YOU! &gt; What amazes me is that people are disagreeing with Reach being a massive change from 3 In the end, I do agree with you on this (even if some of my responses might indicate otherwise). I feel people downplay how much Reach changed things up.
&gt; Is the galaxy reseeding automated though? To some degree at least. We don't have full details, so I hesitate to affirm that completely. Still, with a full functional Monitor, I think it could happen.
&gt; I didn't know that there's more Spartans than just the twos The Spartan-IV program in introduced in Halo 4, and Reach featured Spartan-IIIs. &gt; I didn't know who the Drell on meth know as Didact was, I didn't know who the librarian is They are explained in the game. No EU reading required. &gt; You know why, I didn't read the books that's why. Reading the books is not required for Halo 4. At all. &gt; I feel that their should've been a way of explaining what rampancy was That is explained in the game. From the level *Reclaimer*: "Chief, do you understand what rampancy is? Really? We don't just 'shut down'. Our cognitive processes begin dividing exponentially according to our total knowledge base. We literally think ourselves to death." &gt; who Didact is and what his plan was in game This is also explained in game, during the cutscene when John meets the Librarian. &gt; The originals didn't make you read a book to understand the story I'd say the originals just distracted you from caring about important questions like "what are Spartans? What's Reach? Why are we fighting the Covenant?" Or in Halo 2, "How did Johnson survive?".
Most ODSTs are still around, running missions as ODSTs. There's a common misconception that they all became Spartan-IVs, but this is demonstrably false. There are at least 4 divisions of ODSTs, meaning at least 40,000 ODST, likely more. There are maybe 1000 Spartan-IVs out there (300-500 on *Infinity* at any given time).
&gt; Post aug Spartan IVs got their asses handed to them by unaugmented Marines because they didn’t work as a team. In combat training, not hand-to-hand, and Sarah Palmer did win (though did so by basically sacrificing her fellow Spartans).
Whether Bungie had respect for the lore or not doesn't really matter when it comes to whether they considered it canon or not.
Bungie always considered the books secondary and would overwrite anything if they wanted, but that had no bearing on whether they considered the books canon.
Adding to what's been said, there's a complete list of books [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/halo/wiki/literature#wiki_novels) in both release order and chronological order, though I still always recommend release order.
Bloom isn't really present on snipers, or more accurately, it resets before you can fire again.
&gt; Though I'm not sure if they can come up with a character as cool as him I think trying to do so would be a mistake for several reasons, but mainly in that doing so doesn't really solve the problems that retiring Chief would try to solve. Instead, they should just focus on good stories with fun characters, and if certain characters become popular, develop those characters further. But continuing with a single main character would be a bad idea.
I'd say the Mgalekgolo form specifically is humanoid, but again, just that form. The Yanme'e are even pretty humanoid, what with 2 arms and 2 legs.
123 sapient species were indexed.
Correct on both fronts. When CE came to PC in 2003, people managed to find the Huragok models in the code and spawn them into maps. They looked *very* different than what we eventually got and had little "tool bags" they carried around. In a lot of ways it's a blessing they never appeared until ODST when the technology was there to make them look good.
Sapient species, so specifically species with the capability to create technology. Also I just double checked, the 123 species was at the time of the Indexing of Earth, 4 years before the end of the Forerunner-Flood War, so more could have been indexed.
Happy to. And as SliencedGamer said, stop by in /r/HaloStory if you have any lore-related question, on any level. We love talking lore there and sharing knowledge!
Pre-rendered cutscenes are the norm in RTS games since the models are generally too underdetails and distorted for use in cutscenes. Basically means they have access to top-level CGI for that, such as Blur.
Looks perfect!
NBNS should stay in ranked. It doesn't represent Reach in the slightest. People complain already that reduced bloom kills the sandbox but NBNS *actually* does that. Precision weapons become so powerful that the rest of the sandbox is basically useless.
Where?
&gt; im sure they’re essentially the same franchise by Halo 5 Not remotely.
Except for the lack of wall-running, quick TTK, and giant robots falling from the sky.
It's not true, it's worse than rude, it's no less than dickish.
People like you are the worst part of this community.
That seems like your problem.
If you don't like Halo 5, that's fine. Let people enjoy what they enjoy and fester your hate in a dark corner somewhere without bothering others.
&gt; they aren't really going to like the play style of the other Halo games. Wrong.
&gt; How did Chief get his classy looking armor back? It's GEN3 Mjolnir, a new kind of Mjolnir armor. No nanomachines needed. &gt; Fans out there are saying that Halo 4/5 will be retconned They aren't being rectonned. Infinite is just jumping forward a few years so that 343 can, relatively speaking, start with a fresh slate. Everyone's in the dark so the game can let a new narrative unfold. &gt; Will we need to read books again just to understand what happened You won't, nor did you ever have to read books. The only exception to this was Blue Team's inclusion in Halo 5.
You should be able to play a game without research, yes, and as you said and I affirmed, you can ignore all this if need be. &gt; what dialogue says in game that the explosion sound from touching the device wasn’t the nuke going off? From earlier in the level: &gt; Chief, once that warhead is primed, the window for getting out of here is going to be pretty slim. And from when you're crawling to the nuke at the end: &gt; Prime the nuke... Sa-a-a-ve them. Destroy the Composer Yes, you do hear an explosion, which was mistake on 343's part. The nuke doesn't actually go off right away.
Concept art of *Infinite* does show that the Spartan-IV armor is changing. It will likely be GEN3 like the Chief's.
I could say the same to you.
I could. You're jumping from censoring online chat in a privately-produced piece of software to legal censorship. That's a slippery-slope fallacy at best.
"Oh no! I can't say naughty words."
That's what I'm thinking, too.
Correct. Reach --&gt; CE -- &gt; H2 --&gt; H3 --&gt; ODST --&gt; H4
Most Halo books are written with the intent that they can be picked up by new readers regardless of prior knowledge, so you should be fine.
Yeah, Humans and Forerunner being separate species was kind of an 11th hour decision from what we've heard and seen, but then, the Bungie mythos was never a consolidated thing. Everyone in Bungie had different ideas for the lore of Halo.
&gt; why isn't there any ancient human ruins like the forerunner structures There was a war between ancient Humanity and the Forerunners. When the Forerunners won, ancient humanity was devolved into more primitive forms, and almost all evidence of their existence wiped from the Galaxy. Some evidence survived, including ruins on Heian (from Halo Legends) and a ship. The [Hellcat](https://www.halopedia.org/HELLCAT-class_Mjolnir) Mjolnir armor from Halo 5 is also based on ancient Human armor (though the UNSC aren't aware of that).
Not really popular or unpopular, honestly.
Bungie had highs and lows, as does 343. Neither is perfect, and we each judge them on our own biases.
*"Sir Isaac Newton is the deadliest son of bitch in space!"*
&gt; 23 billion isn’t too absurd given the number of colonies stated at the time. We had no statement on the number of colonies, not from Bungie anyhow. &gt; First Strike indicates that the Covenant have only ever glassed ~80 planets since their foundation Where was this? &gt; And Harvest only had like 0.3mil 3 million. &gt; I don’t understand the logic of rolling back the human population so that we were never near extinction We were, there were just more planets out there since space is big and the Covenant finding all our colonies before Earth is fairly unlikely. &gt; I just don’t see how their changes to Bungie’s universe helped expand their own in any way. What can you realistically do with a universe of 200 million Humans and one planet to their name? It's not a lot to work with.
&gt; I guess Harvest’s population was bumped up again after Contact Harvest *The Fall of Reach* and later sources constantly use the 3 million figure. &gt; but I’m pretty sure they state that the Glass shard chamber has a shards from every planet they’ve ever glassed From First Strike, page 337: &gt; The walls, floor, and ceiling of the chamber were ornamented with mirrored shards made from the fused glass of countless worlds conquered by the Covenant Hegemony. I didn't see any number given on future pages, but it's the epilogue if you want to check yourself. &gt; And the humanity portrayed in 343’s games was obviously not on the brink of extinction four years earlier Just because there were worlds untouched by the Covenant doesn't mean they weren't on the brink. Earth was the last bastion in that it was the last of Humanity's core worlds and something of great importance overall. If it fell, there would go Humanity's central governance. &gt; We now build massive exploratory vessels for fun Only 1, *Infinity*, which had been in the works since 2544. A second was being worked on, but a lot of it's parts had to be re-purposed to repair the *Infinity* in 2558. &gt; they can smash through a battlecruiser without anybody addressing the fact they smashed through a battlecruiser *Infinity* is massive and has shields. Not much that needs addressing there. &gt; They stacked the universe absurdly in humanity’s favor. If you only look at the games, sure. Humanity aren't that powerful, they just have an uber-ship. Without *Infinity*, Humanity doesn't have much power.
Fred and Linda got colored Mjolnir when they got back to Earth sometime before Halo 2. Kelly would get her's sometime afterwards.
Oh no! 6 whole dollars! Whatever will he do?
Because it's Reach, generally considered to be the worst of the Bungie titles.
343 had always planned to hold back on Forge and Theater at release. That hasn't changed since the MCC PC port was announced.
Sorry you didn't like it, let OP decide for himself.
CE flighting could start this month, but that's all we know. The remaining games will continue to release "when they're ready".
Nothing to apologize for. Just letting your know who the character is.
It can depend on the playlist, time of day, and region you're in, but generally, yes, there are plenty of people playing and matchmaking times are fairly quick.
God forbid they seek help on a project they don't have experience with from a studio that does have PC porting experience. Seeking help isn't incompetency. It's quite the opposite, to recognize your weaknesses and seeking to fix or compensate for them.
Only 343 know.
Speaking only for myself, I haven't noticed a significant difference in search times.
It's a port of an almost 10 year old game, and the one considered the worst of the Bungie games. I'm surprised there was a much hype as there was to begin with. Regardless, it may not be a good number (debatable), but it's not "dead".
Why is it childish? What makes in unappealing?
&gt; DMR starts was definitely one of them since it made the game boring. Why? Because a lot of threads popped-up on Reddit?
I find it to be the best way to play. No fun had when you spawn with an AR &amp; pistol and have to face off against the enemy with their DMR's &amp; Needle Rifles.
A couple ideas: 1. Chief-only plus marines, very CE-esq and 343 have been saying. Probably won't even hear from other Spartans. 2. Exploration. I doubt the game will be true open world, which is for the better, but levels will be massive with the opportunity for straight-forward progress or going off the set path to explore and find stuff. I could get into more cynical ideas but I've had my fill of that this week.
Love it! It's a fun twist on traditional Reach slayer with all the 'Leets running around.
It wasn't being swept under the rug, but retreats were labeled "strategic withdraws", images were being cleaned up to make things look more heroic, and if I recall from *I Love Bees*, certain colonies being glassed here being covered up, or the information was being heavily restricted. Even by 2552, some civilians believed the UNSC were at fault for the war or that the Covenant could be negotiated with. As late as 2548 we can see that worlds yet to be invaded or receive refugees (such as Meridian) were extremely disconnected from the war. A great example are some teens in *Battle Born* that wore make-up to mimic the look of Covenant species.
All Spartans are considered hyper-lethal. That "hyper-lethal vector" shit was retconned a while back (thank god).
It happened in two places: - First in *Halo: Ground Command*, all Spartans are labeled as hyper-lethal (I can look up the exact phrasing when I get home). - Second was in the more recent *Official Spartan Field Manual*: "...the Spartan-IIs and the Master Chief are rated as 'hyper-lethal' by ONI tactical analysts." - Official Spartan Field Manual, pg. 57 The original use of the term always bothered me since it was such a clear marketing term to draw a connection between the Chief and Noble 6 for players. From an in-universe perspective, it completely devalues the ability of other Spartans, many of whom, especially prior to the classic trilogy, were much deadlier than John.
&gt; out of the 3 games I was infected 7/9 times I assume you mean infected at the start of the game?
&gt; what they've done to normal infection, essentially making it indistinguishable from Alpha Zombies How so?
7/7 is Bungie Day.
This makes me wonder: would new Toa continue to come into existence after Mata-Nui completed his destiny? I had always assumed no. Fantastic art regardless!
&gt; Doesn’t really need him for it to happen I didn't mean to imply it did, just that Toa are usually created to fulfill a destiny, all of which was in service to Mata-Nui completing his. But thinking about it some more, Toa could definitely still pop-up, though I guess I'd wonder if they'd have destinies that could be completed now, which also gets into how exactly "destiny" works in Bionicle.
I'm fairly certain they do, but I'm not very active in that community these days. Bungie certainly still does, so it seems likely they would.
Bungie and 343 are American companies, so you could justify it like that.
That's a really good way to put it! Man, I miss talking Bionicle Lore like this.
Mah man!
We have 343 currently, which is the 343th day of the year, though I don't think 343 active celebrates it. They did once, but I don't think they have recently.
&gt; a few days at most. It start the same day as H4's end (July 25th) and continues, as the arc's title states, over the next 72 hours.
Hey, Hood tried!
Both can be problems :)
100 Sangheili years too, according to the author.
There was a game called *Halo: Fleet Battles*, but sadly the company that made it went under a while back. The community still makes ships on commission. Otherwise, Dark Horse makes ship figures for Halo.
I don't think we know of any that do have immediate family ties, but a Spartan-IV absolutely could have family. Incidentally, 2 Spartan-IIs had families: Maria-062 and Randall-037
Yep.
And plenty don't.
Reach wasn't all that popular back in it's heyday, so it naturally wasn't likely to be that popular on PC. I'm surprised it was as active day 1 as it was, and I'd bet we'll see people return as the other games comes to the collection (especially Halo 3).
Halo 4/5 Elites as far as biology goes. Reach Ultra as far as armor.
None. The books are written in a fundamentally different way than game and would not translate well without taking major liberties. For example, see the battle for the Autumn or battle of Alpha Base in *Fireteam Raven* (no offense to the devs, they did what they could, but liberties had to be taken). Alternatively, there's a good reason the Master Chief bits of *Halo: The Flood*, specifically moments taken directly from CE, are often the most lauded in this community.
Thank you!
Holdo was meant to be hated (for the most part). Some people just couldn't get past that initial hatred.
lol, somebody has an inferiority complex.
A nice template for a potential game, but even that would require a lot of reworking to make into a game.
As I recall, there's nothing directly spoiled, save for perhaps that [Spoiler Warning](#s "Blue Team gets out of the Shield World"), but I have a feeling you know that if you've played Halo 5. Otherwise, and someone can correct me, I don't think there's anything to worry about.
Funny what you can find when you get outside the usual Halo echo-chambers (assume 4chan isn't just trolling, which I could totally believe).
I'm glad they did. It's way too much information at once and grind the story to a halt. Most of the information is completely unnecessary for Halo 2's story as well.
&gt; the Cole Protocol is pretty much useless now since the Covenant have found Earth already. The Protocol wasn't there just to protect Earth, but all Human colonies.
Are you talking about campaign or multiplayer? And which game specifically are you referring to?
TF2 is free.
Halo 4 would be my pick on a technical level, but Halo Reach does edge it out in some regards, notably the art direction (with some exceptions).
&gt; People throw the word "dead" around to easily THANK YOU! Seriously, the term has almost no meaning because of how liberally it's used.
The data pads tell of a group of AI that have been guiding Humanity through the centuries, not of any AI sabotaging UNSC defenses.
Reach was the UNSC's largest military outpost second only to Earth. It had a huge number of forces from all military Branches.
&gt; even if someone managed to get banned they can just create another account and continue what they were doing There are more types of bans than simply account bans. There are tools to deal with repeat offenders.
&gt; but the community needs to stop acting like everything is fine People aren't, but the hyperbole over some of the issues isn't going to endure people to taking these issues seriously.
Why it dropped is pretty well known. It's a combination of several issues, some severe, some less so. When people come in and say "this game is dead because 'x'", that doesn't help anything, and yeah, people are going to be dismissive of such a simplistic claim, never mind that throwing around accusations like that doesn't help anyone or anything. It's useless noise. Report issues that arise, but going around saying "tHiS gAmE iS dEaD" doesn't do anything.
Oh yeah, the Promethean enemies could have been handled much better, but that's a separate discussion.
There are lists out there, but I don't know how many are up to date. I'll make a quick attempt here: - *Halo 4* Terminals 1-4 - *Halo 3* Terminals (variable dates) - *Halo Evolutions - Soma the Painter* (book) - *Halo Legends - Origins I* (animated, variable dates) - *Halo: Fractures - Defender of the Storm* (book) - *Halo: Cryptum* (book) - *Halo: Primordium* (book) - *Halo 4* Terminals 5-7 - *Halo: Silentium* (book) - CEA Terminal 2 - *Halo 3: The Cradle of Life* (comic) - *Halo: Rebirth* (audio epilogue to Silentium) - *Halo: Fractures - Promises to Keep* (book) - *Halo: Fractures* - Untitled Final Story (book) - CEA Terminals 4-8 - H2A Terminal 6: *Covenant Record: Will of the Prophets* - H2A Terminal 8: *Covenant Record: Taming the Hunters* - *Halo Legends - The Duel* (animated) - IRIS (*Halo 3* viral campaign) - H2A Terminal 10: *Covenant Record: Unggoy Rebellion* - *Halo: Fractures - The Ballad of Hamish Beamish* (book) - *Halo: Fall of Reach - Boot Camp* (comic; variable dates) - *Halo: Contact Harvest* (book) - *Halo: Fall of Reach - Covenant* issues 1 &amp; 2 (comic) - *Halo Legends - Homecoming* (animated) - *Halo: The Fall of Reach - The Animated Series* (animation; variable dates, final episode set during battle of Chi Ceti IV in Nov. 2525) - *Halo: Collateral Damage* (comic) - *Halo: Silent Storm* (book) - *Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn* (live-action series; movie) - *Halo: Oblivion* - *Halo Evolutions - Pariah* (book; variable dates, placing here as conclusion is around 2527) - *Halo Wars: Genesis* (comic) - *Halo Wars* (game) - *Halo: The Cole Protocol (book) - *Halo: Rise of Atriox* issue 1 (comic; date unknown) - *Birth of a Spartan* (*Halo Reach* trailer) - *Halo: Tales from Slipspace - Something has Happened* (comic) - *Halo Evolutions - The Impossible Life and Possible Death of Preston J. Cole* (book; variable dates, story ends in 2543) - *Halo Legends - The Package* (animated) - *Halo Legends - The Babysitter* (animated; exact date unknown) - *Halo: Battle Born* (book) - *Halo Battle Born: Meridian Divide* (book) - *Halo Legends - Prototype* (animation) - *Halo Evolutions - Midnight in the Heart of Midlothian* (book; motion comic) - *Halo: Evolutions - Headhunters* (book; motion comic; exact date unknown) - *Halo: Rise of Atriox* issue 2 (comic) - *Halo: Rise of Atriox* issue 3 (comic; date unknown) - *Halo: Helljumper* (comic) - *Deliver Hope* (*Halo Reach* trailer) - *Halo: Fall of Reach - Covenant* issues 3 &amp; 4 (comic) - *Halo Evolutions - Blunt Instruments* (book) - *Halo Blood Line* (comic) - Halo: Fleet Battles - Fall of Reach campaign - Patrol (*Halo Reach* trailer) - Spaceport (*Halo Reach* trailer) - New Life (*Halo Reach* trailer) - *Halo Reach* (game) - *Halo: *The Fall of Reach* (book; variable dates, placing here as most of the books is set in 2552) - *Halo: Fall of Reach - Invasion* (comic) - *Halo Evolutions - Stomping on the Heels of a Fuss* (book) - *Halo: Evolutions - Dirt* (book; variable dates, but story is framed in the fall of 2552) - *Halo: Combat Evolved (Anniversary)* (game) - CEA Terminals 1, 3, 9, 10 - *Halo: The Flood* (book) - *Halo: Fireteam Raven* - *The Halo Graphic Novel: The Last Voyage of the Infinite Succor* (comic) - *The Halo Graphic Novel: Breaking Quarantine* (comic) - CEA Terminal 11 - H2A Terminals 4, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13 - *Halo: First Strike* (book) - *Halo Evolutions - The Mona Lisa* (book; motion comic) - *The Halo Graphic Novel: Armor Testing* (comic) - H2A Terminal: *Unyielding* - H2A Terminal: *Beholden* - *The Halo Graphic Novel: Second Sunrise Over New Mombasa* (comic) - I Love Bees (*Halo 2* audio drama; variable dates) - *Halo 2 (Anniversary)* (game) - H2A Terminals 1-3: *ONI Profile* - *Halo 3: ODST - Sadie's Story* - *Halo 3: ODST* Pre-mission Evaluation (*Halo 3: ODST* marketing) - *Halo Evolutions - Palace Hotel* (book) - *Halo 3: ODST* - *Halo Evolutions - Wages of Sin* (book) - *Halo: Ghosts of Onyx* (book) - H2A Terminal 10: *Covenant Record: The Great Schism* - *Halo: Broken Circle* (book; first half is set during the founding of the Covenant, second half is during H2/3) - *Halo: Uprising* (comic) - *Halo Evolutions - Human Weakness* (book) - *Halo: Landfall* (*Halo 3* trailer) - *Halo 3* (game) - *Halo Legends - Origins II* (animated; variable dates, story is being narrated by Cortana on-board the *Forward Unto Dawn*) - *Halo Evolutions - From the Office of Dr. William Arthur Iqbal* (book) - *Halo: Initiation* (comic) - *Halo: Glasslands* (book) - *Halo: The Thursday War* (book) - *Halo: Mortal Dictata* (book) - *Halo: Tales from Slipspace - Hunting Party* (comic; date unknown) - *Halo: Rise of Atriox* issue 4 (comic) - *Halo: Rise of Atriox* issue 5 (comic; date unknown) - *Halo: Last Light* (book) - *Halo: Fractures - A Necessary Truth* (book) - *Halo: Retribution* (book) - *Halo: Shadow of Intent* (book) - *Halo: Lone Wolf* (comic) - *Halo: Fractures - Breaking Strain* (book) - *Halo: Spartan Assault* (game) - *Halo: Fractures - Lessons Learned* (book) - *Halo: New Blood* (book; variable dates, placing here for the core story set in 2554/55) - *Halo: Hunters in the Dark* (book) - *Halo: Nightfall* (live-action series; movie) - *Halo: Fractures - Anarosa* (book) - *Halo: Escalation - The Glass Horizon* issues 17 &amp; 18 (comic) - The Comissioning (*Halo 4* trailer) - *Halo 4* Terminal Prologue: Jul 'Mdama - *Halo 4* (game) - Section 3 ARG (*Halo 4* alternate reality game) - *Halo: Tales from Slipspace - Dominion Splinter* (comic) - *Halo: Spartan Strike* (game; parts are set in 2552, most is set in 2557) - *Halo: Escalation - The Next 72 Hours* issues 8-10 (comic) - *Halo: Renegades* (book, variable dates) - *Halo: Saint's Testimony* (book) - *Halo: Tales from Slipspace - Knight Takes Bishop* (comic) - Spartan Ops (game, Halo 4 bonus content) - *Halo: Tales from Slipspace - On the Brink* (comic) - *Halo: Escalation* issues 1-6 - *Halo: Tales from Slipspace - Fireteam Majestic Poke Night* (comic) - *Halo: Escalation* issues 7, 11-12 (*Exposure*). 13-16 (*The Janus Key*), 18-24 (*The Absolute Record*) (comic) - *Halo: Fractures - Oasis* (book) - *Halo: Envoy* (book) - Hunt the Truth (*Halo 5: Guardians* audio drama) - *Halo: Official Spartan Field Manual* (reference book; frame as an in-universe guide given to a new Spartan-IV just before Halo 5) - *Halo 5: Guardians* (game) - *A Hero Falls* / *The Hunt Begins* (*Halo 5: Guardians* live-action commercials) - *Halo: Legacy of Onyx* (book) - *Halo: Fractures - *Rossbach's World* (book) - *Halo: Fractures - What Remains* (book) - *Halo: Tales from Slipspace - Undefeated* - *Halo: Bad Blood* (book) - *Halo Evolutions - The Return* (book; motion comic) - *Halo Mythos* (reference book; framed as a report put together by an AI trapped on the Ark) - *Halo Wars 2* (game; including all DLC) - *Halo Infinite* - *Believe* (*Halo 3* marketing campaign* **Unclassifiable** - *The Life * (Live-action *Halo 3: ODST* trailer) - ONI Archive - Noble Endeavors (*Halo Reach* on PC promotional video) - The Living Monument (CEA live-action trailer) I think that covers it all
I can ignore them and report them. Pretty easy. There's also a reputation system in the current XBL setup. Players with a bad rep are more likely to match other bad rep players.
I can't ignore the technicalities if for no other reason than I don't like seeing the same story told in multiple mediums in a trans-media franchise like Halo.
He didn't know exactly where Halsey was. However, getting to Earth, the center of Human civilization, would be a good first step to finding her. From there, he surely, at least in his mind, could have found out where she was.
&gt; Possibly part of a ship seed or something stashed there by the Forerunners in the past. I like to think it belonged to the same ship we see in Halo Reach. &gt; Tartarus’ mini fleet actually found some of it in slipspace (which is BS) and gave the pieces to Truth at the very end of the book, right? Yeah. I like to think that these remnants were used to power the slipspace drive of the Dreadnought.
&gt; The hype has died down a ton already as it is. People said this for months between the announcement of MCC on PC and Reach's release, and look what happened. The hype was absolutely real. &gt; The community is going to be dead before H3 even releases No, it really won't.
To some degree, yeah. Or more accurately, gameplay contrivance. Not very fun to be instantly teleported to the end of the level. But this is r/HaloStory. Simply brushing it off as a contrivance isn't a very satisfying discussion.
What?
&gt; Take time off reddit sometime and get some sun Can't. No sun here.
Give me that H4 biology with the Reach armors and we gotta winner!
Did you say 1978????
&gt; purely opinion Which is all good! I was just curious what your thought process was, as the strength of Forerunner constructs is something that comes up often enough over on /r/HaloStory where we dive deep into lore. So I always like to try and understand how people thinks and what not.
&gt; there's so many easter eggs and deep references you can't understand without having played H1-3. Sure, you won't understand all the easter eggs or references, but that's not really a problem. These things aren't essential to understanding the game's story. &gt; the time jump, which shows peace has come to humanity and Reach is all peachy again. Kind of takes the wind out of the sales of the future games when worrying about "Will humanity survive?" Was there really any doubt that Humanity would survive?
So here's the shtick: You have the original print from 2001. In 2010, 343 Industries and publisher Tor decided to reprint the original 3 Halo novels. These reprints would have some grammar corrections and a few touch-ups to the lore (removing references to Elites and Hunters first being encountered in 2552 for example, among other things), though the stories would largely be the same. There would also be additional content in the back of each book. The 2010 reprint, however, used a faulty version of the books, with all the "2552" reading "2542" and other errors remaining. In 2011, the books were reissued again with "Definitive Edition" printed on the cover. These one were the books intended in 2010 with all the appropriate fixes. More recently, 343 decided to reprint a lot of the older Halo books with their current publishing partner: Gallery Books. These reprints are identical to their older printers, with *Fall of Reach*, *The Flood*, and *First Strike* using the 2011 reprints with added material. Hope this helps.
A fairly comprehensive list can be found [here](https://www.halopedia.org/List_of_changes_in_Halo:_The_Fall_of_Reach_rereleases). Personally I'd say your fine with the 2011 edition. The changes made are pretty minimal and just bring the books better in-line with the current canon.
No cuts were made, strictly speaking. The entire story is there, though references to stuff like Elites and Hunters first being encountered in 2552 are changed (among many other small changes). Overall, nothing is lost and the results are a more consistent story.
&gt; Oddly enough the 2010 version has a definitive edition on the cover That's really odd, as that was only supposed to be added to the 2011 edition. If you want the most up-to-date version, I'd go with the Gallery Books print. It's the same content as the 2011 books, proper corrections and bonus stories and all.
I believe so, yes. If nothing else, you should be able to check the publishing information in the book itself (I think "Gallery Books" is also printed on the spine)
Ghosts of Onyx never had a 2010 reprint. The 2010 and 2011 reprint stuff applies to *The Flood* and *First Strike* as well, though not to the same degree (*The Fall of Reach* just had more errors simply due to all the instances of "2552" being printed as "2542").
Halo 2. I discovered a trailer for it the summer of 2004 and asked my friend about it that winter (I didn't own an Xbox). He showed me the game and despite my confusion about the story (NO idea what the hell was going on, lol), I feel in love, especially once I killed him with the tank on Metropolis.
There was a theory like this floating around back before Halo 5 came out, theorizing that a group of ancient Humans would pop-up in the modern Halo story.
It's a colony ship bringing new colonists to a re-terraformed Reach.
What's the point of this?
Favorite what?
Onto Steam, yes. Anything you unlocked on the Xbox unlocks in PC and in Steam.
Oh, I don't play much ranked these days, at least not in MCC. Usually I use the match composer for slayer/objective across the various games.
I see it as the perfect opportunity to make Halo 3 Anniversary, if it has to happen at all. Otherwise I just hope we can see some products that celebrate the 20th Anniversary.
There is none. It could be true, but who knows. Halo 5 sold 5 million units in its first 3 month, and made enough in MTX in that time to add an extra million dollars to its first HCS prize pool. Beyond that, number don't exist.
Okay, I admit it.
That's what I assumed. I can't imagine any reason to up the aim assist on PC.
I have played them both, I didn't notice a difference. Regardless, I dont trust "feelings", I'd need to see video proof or some kind of hard data.
No release date. Like before, CE, and the games to follow, will release "when they're ready". Flighting (external testing) potentially starts this month, but details are yet unknown. Keep an eye on Halo Waypoint mostly. There's a development blog releasing this Friday that'll likely have more details.
They definitely aren't the Spartan-II Red Team. They could be the Spartan-III Red team mentioned at the end of New Alexandria.
Damage from her rampancy is a much simpler explanation. The Logic Plague route has a number of issues, notably why it took so long for it to manifest.
Smaller forces were sent in first, setting up the spires we see which in turn cloaked the ship. Yes, the CSO is huge relative to a lot of things, but it's still pretty small when you get into stellar scales. There would likely be any number of potential blind spots for a CSO to sneak in through.
Read the blog
Mjolnir is compared to the cost of a destroyer around 2531. It would certainly get cheaper as time when on, manufacturing techniques improved, etc. I've always thought about trying to find a conversion rate between USD &amp; cR by comparing objects in Halo with a known cost to their modern equivalent, then looking up the cost of a modern destroyer and converting accordingly. That's one way you could do it, if you want. As for SPI, we have even less of an idea of what that would cost, but we know that it was made to be much, much cheaper than Mjolnir as one of the biggest cost-cutting efforts of the S-III program. I'd say, whatever figure you come up with for Mjolnir, cut that at least in half (I'd start with 1/4 cost myself).
The Logic Plague doesn't cause rampancy. Mendicant Bias forced itself into rampancy when it was affected by the Logic Plague, but that doesn't mean the plague was the cause of rampancy.
It does, yes. This is demonstrated beautifully in *Halo: The Flood*, both as Private Jenkins fights against the Flood infection throughout the books, but even better when we get into Captain Keyes' head as he's being absorbed. This is also wonderfully rendered in CEA terminal 9.
You said: &gt; Still no audio fixes in the work? Which it is.
This is a lore threat. You'll want to create a new post.
Open it on your phone with data. That can't be blocked by IT.
Indeed, and I honestly love what Halo 5 did with the weapon variants. We got Super Fiesta from it and I love it! But anything beyond that in the Arena side of Halo would be a terrible, terrible idea.
Sadly, we don't know much. He was almost certainly punished for his failure on this mission. Following the Covenant war, he's put together his own following and remains devoted to the Great Journey. https://www.halopedia.org/Luro_%27Taralumee
Just because a lot of people are talking about something doesn't mean it's an issue for a majority of people.
They're Spartan-IVs, so this is about what you'd expect.
The 343 Elites aren't that much larger than Elites have ever been. They generally *look* bigger because of their armor, but that's all. https://halo.bungie.org/misc/sloftus_scalecomparison/1280h.html?display=cov_i
Fun fact: Halo Wars Elites have no undersuit (at least in the Blur Cutscenes).
&gt; as far as i know, 343’s original plan was to only put out halo 2: anniversary. then microsoft was like “hey, now you’re throwing in halo CEA, halo 3, and halo 4, From what I recall, the original idea was for a "War chest", basically a part of each game separately, but each game was going to be ported.
They likely are, but how thing act in a test environment and how they perform once deployed isn't always 1-to-1.
I wouldn't see the point in integrating Halo 5 with the MCC. The point of MCC was to get all the Halo titles (originally all the MC titles) on one platform. Halo 5 is already on Xbox One and would be better served with a dedicated PC port rather than inclusion in the MCC (if that's even possible at this point). Now, what's the likelyhood of Halo 5 coming to PC? Seems pretty low at this point, but I think that would be a major missed opportunity to not port it over with the rest of the Halo titles. By the time MCC is finished, Halo 5 will be the only Halo title not on PC (discounting Halo 5: Forge for what I hope are obvious reasons). Especially if the point of porting MCC is to get people ready for Halo Infinite, Halo 5 should absolutely be ported so people have the opportunity to experience the full Halo saga.
The re-issues of *The Fall of Reach*, *The Flood*, and *First Strike* contain all the bonus content added to the 2010/2011 reprints of the books. Otherwise, there's nothing new. All other re-prints are unaltered from their original version, but page count can change depending on how the text is formatted and from the different book size.
Basically, yeah. No new content
In 2010, 343 said they had a 10-year plan for Halo. A lot has changed since then, and *Infinite* is being touted as "the start of the next 10 years of Halo" (to paraphrase).
It's your property, your choice to do what you want with it, but you're not really doing anything other than breaking your own property.
Oh shit, that's great!
Legendary is Legendary for a reason. It certainly doesn't help that enemies in Reach basically become bullet sponges (a problem the games have to this day). The game is simply difficulty. That said, I know CE has seemed harder on in it's anniversary incarnation than it did on Xbox or even the 2003 port, and the same feels true for Reach. As said in the linked post, that's likely related to certain systems being tied to framerate.
Damn, that's good!
It's from Hunt the Truth, an audio drama that was made to advertise Halo 5. EDIT: Here, if you want to listen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-c558jAUnw&amp;list=PLKTg4zSGgu8utWXlD_jOgCrMqXfSZ1chs
No it doesn't. It's 2 player split-screen max for campaign.
No it doesn't. It's 2 player split-screen max for campaign.
Geralt is like that when he drinks his potion, but I think John would out-class him, physically, when the potion wears off. And while John is less likely to go hand-to-hand in the field, Spartans keep up their training, with each other. That means John is typically sparing with fellow super-humans.
I'd recommend it. Jenkins manages to retain some of himself and some control, and thus feels *everything* that's happening to him.
You'll enjoy *The Flood* then, I think :)
&gt; That is EXACTLY why around the time of Halo 3, the UNSC was already winning against the Covenant This absolutely not the case. Without the Great Schism and the Elites siding with Humanity, Humanity would have lost. &gt; the Pillar of Autumn took on and destroyed several smaller Covenant ships, and in Halo: CE, it withstood attacks from 3 CCS battlecruisers The *Pillar of Autumn* was the exception, not the rule, as far as Human ships are concerned.
He's talking about the fact that the entirety of the battle of Earth takes place in one location on Earth rather than across the globe. ~~He never says "some African city". Those are your words.~~
&gt; 500 years of rifle development Well, sorta. There are long periods of relative peace between now and the Human-Covenant war with more emphasis on developing non-war-based technology.
Or you can just pause and select "revert to checkpoint".
Yeah, I checked your Twitter profile right after this guy posted that and saw. All the funnier :P
I do wish ODST was releasing before H3, especially because so much of 343's messaging talked about releasing the game's chronologically. Unfortunately, I get why they're doing it this way. I can only imagine the outcry if ODST came out first. But from a story POV, ODST should have released first.
&gt; Sometime after his Armor is modified he gets Cortana Back. We don't know that.
&gt; Discover Hope armor is MK VI Gen 3 The armor in the *Discover Hope* trailer has never been named, only noted as being part of the GEN3 Mjolnir line. EDIT: Removed some words to make the sentence flow better.
I really hope the "Mark VII" name is place holder (unless they mean Mark VII is actually coming to Infinite).
Hypothetically, it could be. So the Mark system was used for the original line of Mjolnir armor, and imposed by ONI. The first version of Mjolnir was meant to be iterative, with new technologies releasing as they were developed (ironically, this is how GEN2 Mjolnir would eventually function). In 2535, for the sake of budgeting, ONI enforced the Mark system to cleanly categorize Mjolnir. Mjolnir armor was rebranded as Mjolnir Mark IV (IV because there had been 3 previous powered exoskeletons prior to Project Mjolnir). Later on you get Mark V, Mark VI, and even Mark VII as an early prototype. This line would later be labeled GEN1. After the Human-Covenant War with the launch of the Spartan-IV program, the Materials Group, the primary manufacturer behind Mjolnir, started a new program and dubbed it Generation 2 or GEN2. This new line dropped the Mark system and implemented a spiral development model, meaning advancements are rolled out much quicker. The baseline models of Mjolnir from GEN1 ported over to the GEN2 framework retained their Mark names, as they never had any other designation. Does that help?
Honestly, that was my first impression when I saw that cutscene (probably back in 2006? Took me a while to finish Halo 2). I still get that to this day in classic H2, but the context seems to be absent from H2A's version of the cutscene. &gt; I mean brutes are primates so I wouldn't be surprised if they could be attracted to humans Rape very rarely has to do with physical attraction and is usually about power.
Which I get, but then you get a response like this: &gt; Uh, incorrect. In every way.
&gt; Makes sense chiefs new armor would be called Mark VII I beg to differ. Mark VII already exists for one thing, but more over the Mark system only made sense when there was a single generation of Mjolnir. Once we got into GEN2 and now GEN3, a Mark system is basically pointless.
That Mark VII was used as a test-bed doesn't mean a variant of GEN3 should be called Mark VII unless it's a direct port of the Mark VII armor (which even then doesn't make much since since the GEN2 port of Mk. VII is called Decimator). Designating any Mjolnir by their Mark doesn't make sense after GEN2 was introduced except in places where the baseline armor variant was directly ported and had no previous designation.
It was never an issue as far as I've seen.
I'd like to see the H4/5 biology with Reach's armor.
To my recollection, we've never seen an ODST use an energy sword in the fiction, but there's no reason they couldn't.
Even a single Flood spore is a danger in terms of potential, but generally speaking they aren't a very effective method of infection. That's why the Flood has specialized infection forms.
[Here](https://www.halopedia.org/List_of_changes_in_Halo:_The_Fall_of_Reach_rereleases) is a list of changes to *Halo: The Fall of Reach* across it's adaptations. [And here](https://www.halopedia.org/List_of_rectified_inconsistencies_in_the_Halo_series#Halo:_The_Flood) is a list of rectified inconsistencies in Halo. Between these you can get a good idea of what was actually changed. Listing it off would take a lengthy post. In general though, minor lore inconsistencies were fixed here and there, such as *Halo: Mortal Dictata* putting the death of Dr. Graham Alban, whose mind would be used to create the AI Black Box, in 2532, rather than the erroneous 2523 (as was stated in the book's original print).
lol, I hope this becomes a meme.
Those are easter eggs, not canon. The core RvB folks also recorded audio easter eggs for Halo 3's campaign.
Spartan-IIIs are basically on the same level as Spartan-IIs, only really lacking when it comes to armor and experience. A Freelancer is good, but not Spartan good.
I mean, nothing in that statement is false. Yeah, the execution was poor (to say the least) and it took a year for Halo 5 to finally be close to "complete", but that doesn't make the statement false.
I don't think so, no. If I recall, she said Bungie didn't ask her back because they wanted someone with an accent for Halo 3. Though the accent obviously never happened.
Cool story bro
&gt; and only non-halo fans can say they were not really upset when they died Back in 2010, there were *a lot* of Halo fans that felt nothing when these characters died.
Alpha Nine would be top of my list, probably followed by Red Team, Osiris, Noble, Majestic, Blue Team, and finally Crimson. I love Blue Team but H5 did them dirty. Crimson are the blankest of self-insert player avatars which is fine for what Spartan Ops wanted to do. Osiris has a lot of screen-time and thus plenty of time to grow on the player and leave an imprint. Red Team got a lot of time in HW2 to develop and leave an impact beyond just the "cool factor" they had for HW1. Alpha Nine are brimming with character, so top of the list, easily.
&gt; during Earth basically just stood there and did nothing It was fighting off the UNSC homefleet and orbital defenses, we just don't see much of it.
&gt; We did see that Infinity's SuperMAC was capable of putting very large holes in it. Not at all. The hole *Infinity* put in *Mantle's Approach* was relatively small in relation to the overall size of the ship - just enough for a Broadsword to fly in - and only surface level. The corridor Chief flies down wasn't created by *Infinity*'s MAC shot, but was an existing structure on the ship.
Maybe. I don't think it'll be Episode IX levels of bad, but I worry it might be on par with Episode VII.
Baseline Mark V and Mark VI never had any formal designations beyond "Mark V" and "Mark VI", so carrying over the designation makes sense. Mark VII never formally rolled out, it was a prototype, and it would seem that the armor being called Mk. VII is the default armor for the Spartan-IVs and likely the GEN3 line of Mjolnir. The default armor should have a more unique name in my opinion. In addition, I think it's obvious that the Mk. VII name is there for the sake of nostalgia, which I am **not** a fan of in the least.
I don't think there's any plan. I'd love a solution, it's been a problem for practically the entire lifespan of Halo online, but I'm not sure if there is a workable solution.
God I love being able to center my crosshair! Now I just need that (and the FOV slider) on console.
Halo 5 certainly has it's share of issues. If you haven't played it and plan to, I'd encourage trying to go in without any expectations.
I'm really glad that wasn't the direction they were going. I would have *hated* that.
Regret was leaving the area while the Flood were jumping into the area. That's basically what it boils down to. The fact that Regret's Assault Carrier was significantly bigger than the Battlecruise the Flood has in Halo 3 may have played a role too, but mostly it's the nature of the jumps in question. Slipping out in-atmo = slipspace-boom Slipping in in-atmo = no boom
The Mark VII has a nanomachine suite that can alter its appearance to suit the wearer's preferences. Naomi-010 (the Spartan in your picture) liked the Mark V[B] and modeled her Mk. VII after that.
&gt; easy and short Compared to what? I'd say it's on the longer side for Halo campaigns.
MCC is still active if you stick to social games. Ranked games are hard to find matches in. Halo 5 is worthwhile, yeah. The MP is fun, the campaign's story sucks but the gameplay and level design are fun, too.
On what difficulty?
Almost nothing in that infographic is "necessary" to understand Halo 5. The only part of Halo 5 that requires out-of-game knowledge is the presence of Blue Team.
&gt; And team Osiris What do you need to know about them prior to Halo 5? &gt; How Cortana is alive This is explained in-game (though I always find it funny when people bring up Cortana's survival but don't seem to care about Johnson's survival in Halo 2. Where do you stand on that?) &gt; Who the Warden is. This isn't explained anywhere in any media, even Halo 5. &gt; a very common complaint! A very incorrect complaint. People assume that simply because these characters have a presence in the books or other media that you need this external media to understand Halo 5 when that's just not true. Nothing about *Halo: Nightfall* is vital to understanding Halo 5. Nothing about *Halo: Hunters in the Dark* is vital to understanding Halo 5. Nothing about *Halo Escalation: The Glass Horizon* is vital to understanding Halo 5. Hell a lot of the important plot points from those stories are directly communicated in Halo 5's dialogue between combat encounters. As for Buck, do you really need a book to understand that he became a Spartan-IV and was assigned to a different team? *Really*? &gt; A good amount of plot points The vaste majority of Halo 5's plot points are explained in-game. The game just asks that you pay attention.
Not the entire UNSC. Not all survivors made it to Alpha Base, some had to [hold-out on their own.](https://www.halopedia.org/Ridgeline#Description)
&gt; I definitely don’t think Halo 5 itself answers a lot of the questions people have about it It does. The way those answers are provided could be done better, but they're there 99% of the time.
Having questions after a story doesn't necessarily mean the story relies on outside material. With rare exception, the questions I see poised by people after playing Halo 4 and 5 are generally ones that are answered in the game. Maybe those answers aren't the most satisfactory or well presented, but they are there. Going off your example of Jul 'Mdama, I'd say it's your friend's own fault that he didn't play or watch Spartan Ops. It's free content included with Halo 4 that is part of that's game story offering. It's like going into Halo 2 without playing Halo CE and expecting you'll understand everything that's going on.
&gt; if you leave a story and are confused unless you’ve explored outside material, then I think that’s exactly what it means Okay, then every Halo game relies on outside material. &gt; But there’s a lot that goes on there that the game just hand waves away or ignores because it’s in books. No, it's "ignored or handwaved" because it's not necessary to understand every little detail right then and there. Did you need to know why we were at war with the Covenant in Halo CE? Or how Sgt. Johnson survived Halo CE to be in Halo 2? Or how the Covenant discovered Earth or Installation 05? Or how Cortana learned about the Ark? Not every question needs an immediate answer, and short of Blue Team's inclusion in Halo 5, I've never seen lingering questions that needed direct answers that weren't obviously present in the game. &gt; It happens in the earlier games to an extent too, but never with anything that really matters much. I would beg to differ. I honestly think people hold 343 games to a higher scrutiny for reasons that I can only speculate on. &gt; In Halo 5 it happens constantly. They just drop references to things most people won’t get at all unless they’ve read the books. Excluding Blue Team, what are some examples? &gt; Spartan Ops is not a campaign. It was never marketed as a main campaign, it didn’t play like the campaign, and it wasn’t listed under the campaign menu. The trailer for Spartans Ops literally opens with: "Halo 4 Continues". It was marketed as a continuation of the main story. &gt; and it was co-op only Spartan Ops can be played solo. &gt; Most people never touched Spartan Ops, and even more never played it all the way through, that’s why they didn’t even make a second season despite apparently having had the story mapped out The reason they didn't make a second season was partly due to popularity, but also because it was a larger workload than 343 had expected. &gt; Imagine if the only way a movie made sense was if you watched the bonus features and directors commentary of the movie that came before it. More like "imagine if you were confused about a character in a sequel game when they were introduced in DLC for the previous game". Spartan Ops is basically a DLC expansion of Halo 4's story. You may as well be skipping a level of Halo 4 and complaining that you don't understand the next entry in the franchise. &gt; Spartan Ops isn’t the only outside material either Spartan Ops is not outside material. That's ridiculous.
That grammar. "Does Master Chief is GAY??"
I can't imagine a Halo game do this "single shot story", that just doesn't seem like a good idea, especially since the game is still an FPS.
Or if not ONI (or something like it), the Assembly may have covered things up.
I don't recall the precise details, but SETI doesn't look for just any radio signals, it looks for a narrow-band signals. In addition, messages would either need to be sent when the Covenant was really close (tens of light-years if I recall) or deliberately sent in our direction. And as has been said, interstellar space is huge, even just within the Milky Way. Interestingly though, a human telescope did accidentally take a [picture of High Charity.](https://www.halopedia.org/images/thumb/a/a6/X16-69909-01_front.jpg/405px-X16-69909-01_front.jpg)
The original Halo rings had the ability to lock sections of the surface into slipspace stasis, but we don't know whether the final array has this ability. Further, 343 has confirmed that being on the surface of a Halo ring, specifically a ring of the final array, does not protect one from the Halo affect.
Life on a ring is not protected from the Halo effect. However, each ring as a Library with Indexed samples of life gathered from across the galaxy during the Librarian's Conservation Effort. So, after a ring is fired, new life could be made to populate the ring.
It'll kill more than just life that can support Flood infection. The Lekgolo are susceptible to the Halo effect but can't be infected by the Flood (used as raw biomass, yes, but not infected). Though when I say lifeless I should have specified that I mean complex life with a neural system.
Gamma radiation isn't used by the Halos.
Because Velociraptors had been extincts for over 70 million years.
Some Halo games have what's called a "Legendary Ending", meaning you only see it if you play the final level on Legendary. Halo CE, ~~Halo 2,~~ Halo 3, Halo 3: ODST, and Halo 4 all have one, but there's nothing too major that you're missing out on. I'd say it's worthwhile to play through the final levels to see those legendary endings, but it's not necessary. It's basically like a Marvel post-credits clip in most cases. EDIT: Forgot CE's Legendary ending somehow. EDIT 2: Halo 2 has no legendary ending.
Then why are you asking why the Forerunners didn't put Velociraptors on Earth? They can't repopulate a species that no longer exists.
The Installation number denote the order the rings were created (or networked into the array, in the case of Installation 07). You can think of the Installation number as a serial number, where as the Greek designations (Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, etc) are the proper names of each installation. So there have been 3 Alpha Halos, each with the own serial number: Installation 04 from CE, Installation 08 from H3, and Installation 09 from HW2.
Hope you dont mind if I just quote an earlier post of mine: &gt; According to the Forerunner saga, the Halos fire cross-phased, supermassive neutrinos. These carry a harmonic frequency tuned to destroy the nervous systems of any macroscopic organism with one. The burst is propelled at superluminal speeds to near infinite velocity, basically meaning the effect instantaneous.
March 7th, 2511
This is quite the undertaking. I'm really loving what I'm seeing so far.
I don't think Chief knew about Miranda's mother being Halsey. In Halo 3, he was sad because he'd failed to save yet another member of the Keyes family.
&gt; has 343 ever done book excerpt teasers? It's up to the book publisher, not 343, but book excerpts have been done several times before. Silent Storm had an excerpt read by Steve Downes himself to promote the book, for example. That said, I don't think the last few books have had excerpts released, so I wouldn't hold your breath for *Shadows of Reach*.
The armor in *Halo Infinite* is mainly modeled after the armor seen in *The Package* from *Halo Legends*.
The Halo novels can get pretty interesting. This particular factoid is from *Halo: Contact Harvest*, and continues the tradition of Hierarchs having contrarian names.
Mainly H2A because of the sandbox additions and slightly better weapon balancing (in my opinion at least). I enjoy the larger map variety I get from H2 classic, but otherwise I'm not too bothered by H2A's more limited choices. That said, I enjoy both very, very much.
This is literally the H2A Scarab.
This honestly isn't too terrible depending on what the book does and what *Infinite* does. At the surface it sounds like it's filling in the blanks between the end of Halo Wars 2 and whatever we might see in *Halo Infinite* or beyond. Where did you get this information?
It's around page 264. Basically Restraint had a kid, which was illegal for him as he was on the Roll of Celibates, forbade from having kids.
Don't expect a constructive response when you start with an unconstructive comment.
That would have been cool. Keeper under Cortana alongside Prometheans. And yeah, you could have the Banished there doing their own thing.
I've been sitting on these feelings for months. I'm only now expressing them. I was a douche to 1 person because he was a douche. Seemed fair :)
I wish 343 had gone with the H3 design for H2A. Make Mjolnir's appearance consistent between H2 &amp; H3.
The entire *Forward Unto Dawn* made it into the Portal. It was during the transit between the Ark and Earth that the Dawn got ripped in half. This is because Mendicant Bias tried to redirect the Master Chief to Requiem, to the Didact, to show he had changed and sought atonement (not knowing the Didact is insane now).
I don't think the Banished are going to a secondary enemy, I think they're going to be the main enemy, and to me that's an issue.
I don't, and honestly I would prefer that (much as I hate the Blur Mjolnir armor). But given how loyal they were to H2, I can't help but worry that if (and that's a *huge* if) H3A happens they'll be equally loyal.
Fair point
Over 100,000 years ago these super smart aliens met a super virus called the Flood and fought it but the Flood was super tough so the aliens made giant hula hoops to kill them but saved all other life in the galaxy then when everything was dead they reseeded the galaxy and eventually all the species went to space and several of them started worshiping the ancient aliens and trying to find the space hula hoops thinking they'd become gods but it turns out the ancient boys picked Humans to inherit their empire and the other aliens found out and decided to kill all the humans and start genociding them but then humans keep finding the rings and the then the source of the rings and also the Flood shows back up and eventually a green boy kills them all to save Humanity but then the one of the ancient aliens comes back and is all like "Nah" and tries to wipe out Humanity but green boy stops him at the cost of his girlfriend and it's all super sad but then his girl comes back and is all "Imma take over the galaxy now" and green boy ain't too happy with that but can't stop it and has to be save by some new kids on the block and girlfriend goes all Karen on the galaxy with the help of her soyboy. How's that?
That same pug was used in Halo 5 for Grunt sounds.
Just saying, don't get your hopes too high.
It's what we assume to be a Guardian, it's not confirmed. The trailer has audio addressing John, not necessarily conversing with him. I'm not really excited about the Cortana clone. Cortana may be present, but we've yet to see direct evidence of the Created.
&gt; Looking forward to seeing your video on this topic either way When I'm in a healthier headspace, yeah. Definitely not a good time to make that video :P &gt; hopefully when we do finally see gameplay your worries will be put to rest. Fingers crossed.
I'm not sure what about 343GS talking to Sesa 'Refumee (the Heretic leader) is odd. Spark has always been fairly open to sharing information, especially when it comes to his ring and its operation. &gt; it's so bizarre for him to go through the motions of trying to convince you of the truth, only to start shooting once the Arbiter begins to listen. The station was falling into the gas giant. There was no time to spare. &gt; Not to mention that Sesa gives no indication that he has any idea who you are when you arrive on the station. He says "An Arbiter... I'm flattered." Not "Supreme Commander..." nor "They made you an Arbiter, all on my account..." As Sesa notes, if he became an Arbiter, he figured Thel might note answer to his old name anymore. And it's possible that he didn't recognize Thel right away.
It's not Atriox speaking, that we can say with certainty. The Brute speaking is likely one of Atriox's generals and seems to believe Atriox is dead.
It took a while, but most insurrectionist groups stopped their activities against the UNSC. Some joined up, others went into hiding, hoping to wait out the war. Early in the war most Innie groups believe the Covenant was a hoax or that the Covenant was only going after the UNSC, that they could be brokered with.
Those pulses were done with a ring from the original 12-ring array. The final 7-ring array is not capable of precision fire like that.
The first two levels you play as the Arbiter are not set on Remnants of Installation 04, but a gas mine over the gas giant that Installation 04 orbited. This gas mine was converted by the Forerunners to study the Flood, which breaks out sometime between Halo CE and Halo 2.
That too. Can't forget that the Spartans were running anti-innie ops for weeks on their way to Chi Ceti IV.
Omni-directional only.
Chief was on Installation 03, and there's no indication that they could have done a localized pulse if they had the time, just that they couldn't fire the ring because of the 25,000 ly radius. That said, there are strong implications that the Halos can be tuned to target specific forms of life, but that would certainly take time, as you say.
The ring wasn't destroyed enough to justify fabricating a new one. The rings are designed to be able to recover from damage like we see in the trailer.
I disagree. Great way to raise money for a great cause.
&gt; Because as an enemy you don't know what the other player can pull out of their ass at any moment You mean like with power weapons in Halo CE or Halo 2?
They never made a statement like that.
They didn't. There was no official confirmation or hint at the Banished themselves being in Infinite until this announcement.
Going a bit further, you can consider each ODST armor in each Halo game to be a slight different iteration. Same with Marine armor. Every version is a canon design.
There's no "true issue", so to speak. Sprint changes how the game plays on a certain level, that's it. Some people like it, some people don't.
&gt; They may have everything else be the same but they play like two different games You could say the same about Halo CE and Halo 2. &gt; Halo was originally an Arena style game. Halo 4 and after is more of a Call of duty style. Not remotely. There are elements in Reach, 4, and 5 that people associate with COD, but they are still as much arena shooters as Halo has ever been, and certainly not remotely twitch-shooters like COD.
&gt; No one's given me an objective gameplay reason for including it because there simply isn't one There's no objective reason for not including it either. Any opinion on it's presence or absense being good or bad is subjective. It's all personal bias.
No way to un-reset it but you could look into some speed-running tricks to shave off some time. That's about it though.
All Spartans are considered hyper-lethal. That "there's only 1 other Spartan with that designation" was thankfully retconned.
&gt; Cortana doesn't try to kill them since she personally choose that team to carry her of Reach. I don't see why that would stop her from trying to kill Noble. Also she only chose Noble 6 to carry her. &gt; Especially since 6 and Chief share a lot in common. It's kinda hard to say if they do or not because we know next to nothing about Noble 6. &gt; Warden relevance to the plot drops to none How?
Why would Blue Team have killed Osiris? That makes no sense.
Not really, no.
Hard to determine if something is a joke in text.
That's the million dollar question right now. The level of hostility towards Humanity displayed in the *Infinite* teaser is out of character for the Banished, at least as we know then up to Halo Wars 2. Atriox, the leader of the group, defied the Covenant after watching his fellow Brutes be tossed away, 39 at a time, for beliefs not their own. His betrayal inspired others, and his following grew. His faction, the Banished, would raid UNSC and Covenant targets, eventually somehow finding the location of the Ark and going there. But they never expressly hated Humanity. The Banished suffer a loss at the Ark, but Atriox isn't the kind of Brute to paint an entire species for the actions of 1 ship (the *Spirit of Fire*). That said, it's possible that the Banished that remained in the Milky Way when Atriox left thought he was killed by Humans and blame Humanity. It's kind of a weak motivation in my opinion, but that could be it.
Maybe, maybe not. I don't recall how often it happened before, it still hasn't happened to me at all, and I've only see reports of it starting today. But that's all anecdotal. I'm sure 343 has more concrete data on the issue.
For MCC, the intention was for stuff like terminals and the Spartan Ops cutscenes to be played through the Halo channel. At present, that's what you need to do for Spartan Ops in MCC. This will surely change when Halo 4 is finally ported to PC, just like how MCC's video terminals now play in-game for all games that have been ported to PC, but until then, the Halo Channel app or YouTube are your only options.
The cutscenes don't automatically play in MCC, you have to load then up in the Halo Channel (which is pretty buggy much of the time). When you're at the Episode select screen, press "Y" to pull up a list of the cutscenes. Select the cutscene you want and it'll launch the Halo Channel. Otherwise you can watch the episodes [here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jid6DeE3EWQ)
So do the Swords of Sanghelios.
&gt; Weren’t most brute ships poorly maintained? Early on, yeah, but the Prophet of Truth spent much of the Human-Covenant war preparing to swap out the Elites for the Brutes, secretly building up their armaments and equipment so they'd be ready to take over.
Basically, yeah. Good idea, but that idea never came to fruition. I love a lot about what the Halo Channel was supposed to be and lament that it never realized it's potential.
I think it's best left in canon limbo. Yapyap is a fun joke character and making anything if his rebellion canon would take away from that.
Once upon a time it was *The Prototype* mainly because I was a Studio Bones fanboy (though make no mistake, that story is very much praiseworthy). These days it's probably *The Duel*. I love the stylized animation, the battles, the emotion, the depiction of Sangheili society, and the final showdown. I have my issues with it, but as an overall package, I think it's my favorite.
I don't know what you're talking about. Halo 5 had fantastic marketing. It misrepresented the game for many, but the marketing itself was strong and very effective.
A parallel to the MB/OB narrative is what I'm hoping for, honestly. Anything to avoid OG Cortana becoming "good" again.
343 oversaw and approved everything. The game's art director was part of 343, not CA, for example. The story was written by Kevin Grace (343) and the Phoenix Logs content was written by 343's narrative team (mostly by Ken Peters if memory serves).
I don't recall any lore that puts the average Sangheili on par with a Spartan's speed and strength. I know gameplay would mildly suggest that, but not lore. EDIT: TFoR outright states an Elite is as strong as the Chief, so there's some early lore that lines up with them being equal. I would still say that I'd still be skeptical of Elites being as fast as Spartans if nothing else.
&gt; The Swords have been fighting an existential war for 5 years for the soul of their people. Humanity has not. It may not be on the same scale but the UNSC *has* been dealing with the Insurrection in addition to Covenant remnant factions, some of which want to continue what the original Covenant started. Humanity isn't in much better a position than the Sangheili. &gt; Had Osiris and company not shown up, he’d be dead. I highly doubt that. &gt; Could you see the same force achieving the same level of success against the president of the UEG? Absolutely, yes. Gek 'Lhar nearly detonated a Havok nuke in Rio and was only stopped because ONI was given a heads up. &gt; The Swords are fighting a war on a dozen fronts trying to unify the Sangheili people while engaging in border wars against the Brutes. Humanity isn’t. Again, yes they are. A lot of the threats the Swords of Sanghelios are dealing with, Humanity is dealing with as well. &gt; The Swords aren’t doing those things. To the best of anyone’s knowledge, they aren’t even actually building new ships, instead absorbing ships from allied or conquered keeps, while recommissioning ancient mothballed designs. The fact they even need to do that is telling. To a degree, yes, but these ancient ships were well advanced compared to even what Humanity can do post-war. The fact they still work so well is a testament to ancient Sangheili engineering, if anything. &gt; The UNSC fleet, as it exists in Halo 5, could lay siege to all of Sangheilios It could try and would likely fail. The *Infinity* is the UNSC's most powerful asset and we've seen that it can be taken down. Without *Infinity*, Humanity would be on the back-foot again. &gt; my first target would be the guys with the scary super ships that have been building up their assets for years relatively unmolested, not the guys who’ve spent the last 5 years fighting tooth and nail on a dozen fronts for their right to exist. Humanity's homefleet was devastated yet again in 2555 when heavily armed Retriever Sentinels showed up over Earth. By 2556 Human worlds were still being glassed. Humanity hasn't gone unmolested for 5 years, it's been fighting its owns battles.
