Anywhere else in India, this would be amazing news. The amount of political PR something like this can generate is immense. But now, only complaining. Guys, companies like Boeing aren't stupid. They don't invest 1152 crores without doing their research. There must be good reasons why they chose Bangalore. We should be grateful that some high tech industries are even choosing India.
Some of the Indians who aren't that exposed to a lot of media and the outside world really won't be aware of homosexuality. It's never talked about or mentioned in more traditional families.. it doesn't exist for them. But they've seen a lot of "third gender" people, so they think that's what gays are.
Are you using Google's vpn-reverse-tether app? You need to specify the DNS servers in the forwarder command's arguments.
Yes. What's your point? Even bombardier's engineering centre for aerospace is located in Bangalore itself.
I met an acquaintance at a gig in a local bar. We were joking around and laughing the entire night. Got pretty drunk too. Both of us happened to live nearby. Generally, around here, if it's really late in the night, it's not unheard of to crash in a friend's place instead of heading home if you live far, which can be unsafe. So after we stepped out of the bar and walked to her place, she asked me if I wanted to come upstairs to her place, I just said "what's the point? I also live right here!". She just giggled and said good night. Took me a while to realise she already knew where I live and what she was asking me.
No need for appointments or any documentation? Just walk in and pay for a shot?
OP, don't confuse corporation tax and sales and services tax.
Most cruise ships are registered abroad in tax havens. It's a standard practice.
Not to mention, Australia is actually fairly close by.
You have to pay a deposit to get the tablets. Don't know what it was before, but this deposit rule has been around for atleast 6 months.
OP, you should know that Anant is suffering from severe sinusitis from a very young age. I am not a fan of the ambanis, but he is suffering from health issues which hampers his speech.
Yeah, true, that's a no brainer. I was just telling OP its completely up to him and his circumstances, and there is nothing objectively wrong here.
I'd rather have that than a government who are anti dalit and anti Muslim. Seriously, I'm depressed that that's the choice we have, but that's how I'd go. And please, please, get out of this mindset of simply finding faults in the last government to justify everything this government does.
They have actually caught and arrested the people. And you still want proof? Dude, how deluded are you?
And no, you can't say... well, opposition was corrupt, so we can do whatever the fuck we want and point fingers.
If the equipment is any good, they should bring it to our cities to fix our roads.
The big problem is there are people who prefer governments who are anti some sections of society and some communities.
See. Once you force 1 token of nationalism, there is nothing stopping them from shoving more stuff.
Yes, dude, I agree with you. Hence the second part of my comment. I don't mind paying, except I feel like I'm not getting enough returns for it.
When I used to live in Bangalore 6-7 years ago, the AC volvo buses were immensely popular. They were always packed! What changed?
4 is too less to have a proper group activity outing, I feel. Maybe just drinks and dinner? If you want to do something more interesting, and if people are interested, you could go for a play or a local concert.
It's a fine balance. I try to have a few small sips every hour. I also try to head to the bathroom on ground before boarding. For flights which are 5 hours or less, my target is to not use the in flight bathroom at all. It's one of the main reasons why I hate long haul flights. It's just to cumbersome and painful to get up from your seat and use the in flight bathroom.
Even 201 was very popular in those days. I was a 201 regular for a few months when I had a temporary office in Koramangala. But I guess uber was not around in those days, and even ola was not as popular as it is now. Maybe even the metro has made a dent.
The difference is Kerela took action and shut the schools down.
Very common in Mumbai. It's a roll made with fried rotis, with various types of fillings. I'm not a big fan, to be honest. Never liked it.
He deserves it.
No, he won't. He broke law on American flight. Will be tried and jailed in America. People aren't simply deported at all times.
Are the images stretched? If not, the fonts and images look weirdly stretched out
Because other vehicles are actually allowed to use them in some cases.
You fucked up. Get a lawyer, go to court, pay fine. They will probably not put you to jail because you didn't hurt anyone. And don't expect to be excused because you were only a little above the limit. Above limit is above limit. On indian levels, more than one pint of beer is enough to go above the limit. I'm not saying you were blind drunk. But that much alcohol is enough to delay your reaction time and impair ability to drive. Where I'm from, the breathalyzer catches you even if you had a heavy drinking session the last night and had a good night's sleep.
I usually use imo to do calls and video with my parents in Oman. It's mostly okay. Sometimes the lag is too much.
Not sure. My parents seem pretty liberal with it, maybe it's just because they use it on home on WiFi.
You get instant upma and Poha mixes these days. Just add hot water. They are pretty decent. Alternate with toast with butter or jam, muesli or oats, eggs, etc. Breakfast is easy.
For anyone else, I would have strongly advised staying back in the US. But you have a very successful family business. Though, have you asked your wife what she wants?
Why do we need a unifying language? What's wrong with our situation now?
Huh? I think you replied to the wrong comment, bro. I don't have that quoted text in my comment.
This is tricky, because most old people don't want to move, especially to a brand new country and a new environment, leaving their old homes and family and friends behind.
So ringsend or irishtown? That's not bad.
Oops. I was still thinking about east. Isn't north west of ballsbridge just the city centre?
Sorry, man. I hate to say this, but this is probably the reason why the landlord allowed an unmarried couple to stay: they knew that the area was unsafe and were probably not getting any other tenants to stay for longer periods. Don't give up hopes though. When I lived in Bangalore around 8 years ago, one of our friends lost her wallet and phone, and cops actually found it. A few of us went to the police station to collect it. They were very nice, in fact. Remember to inform your clients/managers ASAP about this, too, especially if they are waiting for your work. They should be understandable enough to give you some extra time to catch up with the work. In any case, their IP (if any) was stolen, so they need to know.
It's not the fanciest area in Dublin, but you'll be safe. Just don't do anything stupid. Taxis should be easy to find in most areas, but keep Uber and MyTaxi apps handy (there is a 2 euro app booking charge though). Honestly, unless you guys really don't mind spending the money, you could also take the bus, the luas (the local trams) which is only 1 block away from your hotel, or even the trains if you are going a little further away from the city centre (connolly station is also very close your place). Actually, if you just consider the amount of transit options, I think your location is pretty damn good.
There's no way he's ever making any contact with Trump. Just google what Trump said about his dead mother.
I would have very happily paid 1500 for it about 6 months ago when I was looking for a place to stay.
I always carry a plastic bag with me in my work backpack, and we also carry a few good bags with us when we go shopping. Most cashiers still get surprised when we refuse bags and pull out our own bags. I think plastic bags need to be more expensive to encourage re-use.
I wonder if psychologists in the near future will look into their patients minecraft worlds to more insight into their minds. This stuff is a goldmine for them.
I think this is going into a little extreme territory. Celebrations should be fine. Otherwise, one can say that no government employers should have company events based on religious holidays for their employees. Celebrations don't need to be overtly religious with prayers though.
Obviously, people can do whatever they want to in private, even in government run institutions. We are only talking about what they do with students.
Is ISCE better than CBSE? When I was growing up in the gulf, the best Indian schools were CBSE (delhi board).
Really? I've never had the urge to spit, no matter how polluted it gets.
Oh. If that's the case, this is disappointing and useless. I was initially a little surprised and impressed by UIDAI's solution (in theory), but its pointless if there will be exceptions to the rule.
Some good suggestions here. I also like to buy good ground coffee online. Blue tokai sources beans from various indian farms and grinds it according to your requirements (type of brewing method), and delivers it to you. It's some very high quality coffee.
Much development. Also, 63% upvotes right now. Keep at it, bhakts. With you guys in charge, the only way we can improve the country's reputation is hide our shit in shame. I've lost all hope of issues actually getting fixed now.
This doesn't look good from any distance.
If they are all encounters which are essentially extra judicial killings, none of these people were convicted criminals. Is there no need to actually prove who is innocent and who is guilty any more?
He looks like he has to go to work to a job he hates early in the morning, after waking up with a severe hangover.
Compare other service charges like usage of cards. As far as I know, there's no issues with Kotak atleast. It's marginally better to park money there, but you won't get any serious returns. I think you're better off just choosing a bank which is convenient in terms of location and maybe existing relationships, and of course what features it provides on their netbanking portal (I feel this is the biggest differentiator).
Depends on the airline. I think they'll allow, but the cabin baggage space is pretty restricted. You'll risk breaking the glass if you keep it in overhead compartment as someone will try to put their luggage on top, due to space restrictions.
Stuff happening in India affects NRIs. Remember that NRIs aren't always permanently settled outside India forever, and most of them have close families in India. Don't confuse NRIs with Indian origin foreigners.
There's only so much you can experience in a vacation, really. You can't really fully experience living and learning about the local culture. Not to mention, moving abroad to a place like Europe also allows you to travel to other countries very easily. Personally, I am living in Ireland, and I went to London last month for a handful of days, and I am going to Netherlands and Belgium next week. And I am not even sure what one loses on this front (apart from being around family and friends). It's not like you suddenly lose your Indian upbringing and cultural learnings. You don't just become a baby. But I can see how its not everyone's cup of tea. Like, some people like the comfort of being at their home country more than anything else. That's also perfectly okay. I don't really buy into the whole "run away from India to solve all your life's problems" view either.
~~Why though? What is wrong with our current passport booklet? Honestly, it may be one of the few Indian things which absolutely no issues.~~ I just read this: &gt; A few passports will also turn orange. Those who require emigration checks may be issued passports with an orange cover to speed up the process at the airports, officials say. Fair enough. A very small percentage of passports have ECR. I still think orange was a weird colour to choose, but eh, don't care too much about it.
International roaming is insanely expensive everywhere (except in some special cases like EU Sims within EU). No sensible person uses it. You either get a local temporary prepaid sim or you survive on WiFi.
Not here for hookups is usually just mentioned on profiles for plausible deniability in case some one who's not meant to find you on tinder finds you there. You have to remember that as a society, we are still quite regressive and haven't opened up the idea of premarital sex with people who find using an app.
They can't afford to deport all H1B employees. Several big tech companies will run into issues and resource crunch. But the visa system currently is broken: it allows cheap contractors in, where as it's only meant to be for jobs which they can't find suitable number of American employees for.
Depends very highly on where to want to live, and how you want to live (with roommates, flatmates, etc). Rent is by far the biggest expense, and it can easily triple depending on just the area in Mumbai.
It's not as organised and common as Chinese tour groups.
Dawood's stuff won't be here, because he still has relatives in India who are custodians/owners of his property. This is about people who used to live in India and moved to Pakistan after partition. Edit: To clarify, Dawood's property is seized and auctioned off under different rules. He doesn't fall under the rule discussed here because he has family in India.
Those will be the people who migrated to Bangladesh (erstwhile Pakistan) and left their properties in India.
If it was that easy to predict the economy, we'd never have collapses. Entire armies of analysts and economists try to predict, and they're not successful.
Trust me, if I had my parents in Dublin with their own house, I'd gladly stay with them to save up for buying a place. Don't care what others think.
OP, we are the last people who you should enquire about visa requirements to enter India, since that's one bit of information we will never need. Try to contact the airline our maybe check in some travel forums.
I think both are different issues, and both are valid.
We have way too much carbs.. that much is obvious. In a typical Indian plate of rice and dal, the quantities of rice and dal should be reversed for a proper balanced meal.
Why shouldn't it count?
Where are you from? I didn't know tourists were interested in these parts of Karnataka.
Where I've been so far: Thailand, UAE, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Japan, Italy, Netherlands, Switzerland, France, UK, Oman, Ireland Will need more space and time to write about India travels. Where I want to go: Apart from a few small trips around Europe (thats where I live).. Turkey Jordan/Syria side of the middle east, before it got too messy Africa(not sure where to start, maybe Kenya or South Africa) US(want to start with NY region or California) Australia/NZ is another distant dream. Always wanted to visit HK before moving away from India, never got the chance.
How do you know someone's from IIT?
Both taxes play important parts in healthy economies. Don't know why you want to compare. But there are major issues with income tax collection in India which need to be fixed.
Your identity and culture is what you experience and grow from around you. Nothing says that Bangalore urban kids should compulsorily follow traditional Indian culture and religion to remain indian. Culture evolves. You're not so special btw. Almost every upper middle class urban kid in Mumbai and Bangalore is exactly like you. Except many won't even be aware of their caste.
Education is a good first step. They should accompany it with free pads for girls in poorer areas.
Even if the story is real, the machine only cleans up 4 square miles of area. That's simply not efficient or good enough as a way to reduce smog in entire cities.
Yes. It's a well known rule within Islam that hajj is only compulsory for those who can afford it (and those in good health). Most middle class and upper class Muslims will also agree that the poorer Muslim community desperately needs more education and funds to aid that. And anyway, this "subsidy" was nothing but a small discount on air India. Most bhakts like to pretend all Indian Muslims get a free trip to the gulf every year. Far from it.
Arguably most important thing which Patanjali does to serve this country: paying taxes. And they're stopping that. So much for nationalism.
Too late? Dude, you've just spent 3 years working after graduation. Trust me, a lot of your batchmates in Germany will be older than you.
First you explain how these donations go into tax coffers.
GPS data will really help in real time updates for buses and trains. You won't have to stand around wondering where your bus is.
I have been following sidin vadukut for a while now. He writes humourous and sometimes thought provoking stuff. I've read one of his books (sceptical patriot) and usually read all his articles in mint on Sunday. He is on Twitter as sidin.
Around 120%. You'll be paying more that the cost of the motorcycle to import it.
Lol. If I was his alt, I'd pimp his latest book (the fever one). Not included to even read that though.
Just have a word with your TL or manager and clarify what are you expected to do at this point.
Isn't there a minimum salary for H1B?
Why are these auto parts firms so scared to innovate and diversify into EV car parts fields?
Fingerprints aren't exactly meant to be totally unique. Didn't UIDAI know about this?
Makes sense. I've heard of many contractors misusing the system, so this is required.
A large part of the media is also complicit with this. Also, i feel it's not necessarily true on all levels and areas of government, but it's certainly present in some states.
This isn't even a highly secret conspiracy. Almost everyone, including modi supporters are sure about this. Just no legally admissible evidence, so "clean chit".
Keto doesn't mean you'll have to stick with chicken and broccoli. Don't you eat other veggies? There's tons of ways of making delicious chicken with spices and veggies. You can have butter in your food too rather than some funky oil in coffee. Are you trying some extra hard version of keto? All you have to do is avoid carbs.
I hope 57% of those Italians includes the ones who work in their restaurants. Reminds of the Seinfeld episode..
Nothing is free, but atleast Europeans are getting it for what they pay in taxes. Unlike the US.
People can still do this. It depends on how addicted they are to their phones. I have friends who won't check their phones more than once an hour. I've tried to replicate this with some success. It's quite rewarding.
Maybe you aren't hungry enough to consider eating some stuff you don't want to eat right now.
Way too little population to sustain an expensive high speed rail link.
Is he planning to cancel the next 5 elections?
Also note that this doesn't apply to all countries. In India, for example, everyone just uses savings account for normal payments. They also accrue interest. Current accounts are only used by businesses.
Last few months? That shit was popular when I was in college 10 years ago. It has always been around, but never too popular. No one does it for too long, everyone eventually gets tired of it. Even college kids grow out of it within a year or two max, and other people "discover" the "fad".
People didn't have instant access to internet and entertainment in those days. Even TV was very limited. Bored people needed to do something.. going to meet friends was one such timepass. I'm actually jealous of older generation who could do this. It's actually got a lot harder for our generation to meet people. Just randomly going to friend's house without any plan or reason is sort of weird now.
For that kind of money, you might as well travel to somewhere in Asia to get it done.
I don't even download those messages and videos from family groups or from people who usually send useless forwards. I have disabled auto media download. I don't even use an SD card, never had space issues on my phone.
UP and Bihar is more a numbers thing, I feel. They have a massive population, plus general law and order is also quite bad. Haryana, on the other hand, has a real issue with the way its culture treats women.
Understandable. Maybe the scammer was relying on zoho's relative obscurity to trick you into believing he is working for a professional setup, and also maybe to hide the fact that its a remote control application. Edit: Looks like join.zoho.com has a warning and even a way to report scammers. &gt; Beware of hackers and ransomware attacks. Join support sessions only with people you know or you've requested for support. OP, if you got the scammers session ID, you should report it to zoho.
Yep. They have some pretty regressive views, even by Indian standards.
Just a heads up. There is a difference between clear English without any accent, and foreign accents. I've seen people make fun of Indians who just speak good clear English without heavy accents.
Osama bin Laden was already a wanted terrorist before 9/11. Of course, terrorism itself wasn't big global news as it became post 9/11, so he wasn't like a household name.
I moved to Ireland 6 months ago from India. Back there, most of my friends had investments in mutual funds and few even had in shares. Some had in deposits (which would be similar to savings accounts here). We actually get tax deductions on many of these investments. I wanted to get started here, and I was asking around my colleagues and a few of my local friends here, and most are clueless about anything beyond savings accounts and pension plans. I just thought it was my friends.. didn't know this was a thing.
I use Netflix, but I don't like messing around with vpns. I just use terrarium to watch shows which aren't on Netflix or Amazon prime.
He isn't calling you chutiya for paying 2.5lakh for a TV. He is calling you chutiya for buying it from eBay. I'll never spend anything more than a few thousand bucks on ebay. If the vendor was any good, he would be in Amazon instead.
Which is the aldi which runs stores elsewhere in Europe? Edit: Just checked wikipedia, looks like they both operate in different countries, except in US where both operate under different names: &gt; Aldi's German operations consist of Aldi Nord's 35 individual regional companies with about 2,500 stores in western, northern, and Eastern Germany, and Aldi Süd's 32 regional companies with 1,600 stores in western and southern Germany. Internationally, Aldi Nord operates in Denmark, France, the Benelux countries, the Iberian Peninsula, and Poland, while Aldi Süd operates in Ireland, Great Britain, Hungary, Switzerland, Australia, China, Austria and Slovenia (Aldi Süd operates as Hofer within the latter two countries). Both Aldi Nord and Aldi Süd also operate in the United States with 1,600 stores as of 2017.[10] Aldi Nord is owner of the Trader Joe's chain, while Aldi Süd operates as "Aldi".
Ayurveda is vaguely useful in some herbal remedies. Homeopathy is total and utter nonsense.
You've just been waiting for this once you saw this post here, right?
Ah yes I didn't think of that. A deposit from a few years ago would probably be far from enough to get another rental today.
Madhu Kishwar's work is done. Doesn't matter if she deleted her tweet and how much she apologizes for the mistake, the word is out, and there is nothing you can do to stop viral fake news like this.
Those aren't IT jobs. Even if they are positions in IT companies.
Huh. Looks like I'm slightly underpaid for a tech lead.
Sometimes you can find a group and join them. My wife and I also wanted to go but didn't want to shell out that much money. We met a nice Singaporean couple and split the ride. It was right at dusk, and the later half of the ride was in the dark canals lit only by street lights. It was quite nice.
Anything other than lighting themselves up on fire would be breaking their own promise. Come on guys, don't disappoint.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0876621/quotes/qt0498947
To be honest, I'm not a fan of parties where you invite everyone else to join in with your happiness. It seems very vain. Seriously, apart from you and your parents, no one really cares about this anniversary.
I can say 1 thing for sure. A very large percentage of Indians won't have any idea about turkey is even located on the map and won't know anything about it. Indian awareness of other countries are mostly of countries where Indians move to, apart from our immediate neighbours, and a few classic tourist destinations like Switzerland. You can forget about stuff like turkish culture and all.
How will they do this? That's the only question.
&gt; known to use torture during interrogations Source?
But then you will be left with 1 maggi without tastemaker. That's inefficient.
Dude, you might as well skip the maggi and use proper noodles at this point. It takes a few minutes to boil noodles. Or even better, just make some rice in a microwave oven (takes 10 minutes) to have with the thai curry.
eww
I use Next Bus Dublin when I already know which bus stop I want to go to, or which bus I want to take (just looking at times), and I use google maps when I want to know how to get to a particular place. Google maps is good, because I get options from different modes of transport. The only issue with Google maps is that they haven't updated the new extension of Luas yet.
That's an interesting idea, except I am not a fan of instant soup (or any sort of soup, for that matter!)
It says BBC worldwide. Probably means international BBC channels.
Huh. I've never seen or heard of this before. Is it any good? Do you get properly chilled water from it?
Looks cool. Actually, now that I think about it, I might have seen this used in a few hotel room minibar, but may have just thought they were normal mini fridges.
Its okay if you know where to go and which bus to take, like for your regular commute. I am not sure if its useful to figure out which bus to take to go to some random place.
There is a lot of frustration in being poor, especially in a developing country like India. You work super hard and get beaten down by corruption. You don't really have access to same opportunities as even the middle class. You can't even enjoy simple life because our country has poor infra and services. Being very poor in India is really sometimes quite similar to being poor in some of the worst and undeveloped parts of the world. They keep hearing promises from politicians every 5 years, but nothing happens. And they just see the middle class who live a much better life without working as hard sometimes. They see the middle class who just don't seem to care about the difficulties they are facing. On top of all this, I don't think we have a particularly civil society. Many people are downright rude and treat poor people like animals. Is it really such a big surprise when they have outbursts of pent up frustration like this?
Of course. They need to verify if your passport is authentic, and also make a entry in the system about your travel.
It's not just plausible. It is standard protocol and well known knowledge.
I don't consider consumption of meat is not same as animal cruelty. It's the way of life. We are omnivores and we consume meat, so do other carnivores. But I don't think animals should be abused or kept in bad environments. If one really thinks that animals shouldn't be consumed, they should also not use any other animal products: No eggs, No leather, no milk, no silk or wool or animal feathers or fur, no honey, etc. Total veganism, in short. In fact, I consider vegetarians who don't eat meat and eggs and claim to do so for ethical reasons and for welfare of animals, but wear leather or drink milk happily as hypocritical. I have no issues with vegetarians who don't eat meat simply because they don't like the idea of eating the flesh of another animal. I can understand that. But don't consider yourself as a more ethical and moral person than non vegetarians, and don't think you are better than them.
There are farming regulations which set standards on how animals should be raised and kept, atleast in developed countries outside India.
I am just trying to say that eating meat is not always unethical.
Yep. Pretty much the same here. But I really get pissed off at "vegetarians" who think they are peaceful monks and better than non vegetarians because they just don't eat meat (which is actually quite a big number in India)..It's my pet hate. That's why i am so active on this discussion.
Can Ireland import power if we have no land neighbours? Honest question.. I thought power transmission lines usually go over land.
Problem with many Hindus is that their hatred for Muslims is far greater than their love for the country.
My wife has relatives who were born and brought up in SA. Whenever they visit Mumbai, they get so amazed at how we simply walk around, especially in the nights. They are so used to living in SA, the women always keep their purses on their laps or slung around their shoulders, even in really fancy restaurants. And they are constantly amazed at how fast a city like Mumbai is changing.
Wow, I'm amazed to hear it has good weather. When I think of Africa, I can only picture unbearably hot unforgivable desert.
It all depends on which state you are travelling in. Since you mentioned UP somewhere in comments... Chances are you won't be robbed outright. Theft? Maybe be extra careful with your things and always keep them with you. If you have females in your group, then definitely not safe from general harassment. You might as well cancel tickets and take a flight, or even drive. But not all parts of North India are like this. Rajasthan is perfectly fine, for example..
You don't need a tax planner to save income tax if you are on a fixed income (salaried person). Chances are he'll most probably be some agent who will put your money in some ULIP type scam and rip you off. Just split 1.5 lakh into ELSS, PPF or maybe 5 year FDs depending on your requirements and comfort with risk. Edit: Looks like I have pissed off some agent.
I didn't want to get into full detail about how and where should one invest to save tax. I expect people to learn and do some basic research on their own (it is their money, after all). I don't understand this spoonfeeding mentality we have sometimes. Inspite of all this, I think I did condense the general recommendation fairly well (PPF+ELSS+FDs)
The maximum you can invest for which you can get exemption is 1.5 L total, across all instruments. You can obviously invest more if you want to, but won't come under tax exemptions (except PPF, which as a limit on how much you can invest in).
Yeah, that one doesn't need to show the full. I guess they just wanted to visually show the total available capacity to date, compared to what all has been added every year (and what the cumulative value each year was).
&gt; Bhaiyya I always used to use this to communicate with auto drivers, but when I moved to Mumbai, people told me to stop using it. Apparently, it is a mildly derogatory term for people from UP.
I think that's the one he tweaked.
I am sure 3 month old babies don't have such sensitive toes. Seriously, how can seams of socks hurt you? Where are you getting your socks from?
Yes, that's a helpful work tip too, if you work in a very email heavy organisation where you get a lot of automated email from many systems. Also, I really don't think anyone needs to keep email notifications on the phone active. Email isn't meant to be instant messaging. Needless to say, when it comes to a lot of whatsapp and pointless facebook stuff, the information isn't really required at all.
Just wait for a few years now.
Unpopular opinion: I liked Loki, but I think he cooked too much Indian food, and this is coming from an Indian fan. I can only remember that 1 ice cream he did which wasn't Indian. If you have to compare with the other Indian guy in the competition right now, Sashi seems much more versatile. I also think that 3 immunity pins in the competition is way too many. It creates a weird imbalance and unfairness.. Imagine if you are in a team challenge with 3 immunity pin holders. If a team goes into elimination, a person in that team have a much higher chance of going home than if all 3 people play the pin, than if the team with no pins loses. It just feels weird to be in a situation where 3 people in the group of contestants cannot even be eliminated.
Exactly! It's still Indian inspired.
Dude, you lost it at the "Hmm".
&gt; pretty much everyone I know who likes to cook has a sous-vide at home. Have they really become that common? I've never seen one of those in real life.
Not a major fan of anyone who cooked today, except Brendan, so wasn't overly concerned after he nailed his dish. He seems so calm and composed under pressure. He's going to go far. He's reminding me of Billie. It's hard to miss or feel bad for someone they've done a really bad job of featuring in the competition. Jo was practically invisible until last week.
Poor people don't have the time or money to spend on learning and making great food. A hobby like this would never get a chance to cultivate, let alone being good and getting selected, and then leaving your job and life for a TV show. That said, people in Australia are generally richer.
Of all the changes in this season, this is the one I dislike the least. It at least forces the contestants to take it seriously now. Before, most contestants would just make something acceptable (or worse) with no consequences. Because even if you win, you get some vague advantage which may or may not help you in invention test. Now, at least you are sure to avoid the next round which takes the bottom 3 to pressure test, AND a direct entry to immunity challenge, which is a much more concrete reward.
Indian in Ireland! This show is really popular in India.
She is a pretty head strong opinionated person.
No objective best. Different credit cards have different benefits. For example, I love collecting air miles and don't care too much about fuel surcharges and stuff.
The housing crisis is a complex long term issue. There's no one single silver bullet which will solve the crisis overnight. But the situation is so bad that every little bit is required for any relief. Good regulations on short term rentals will help. I certainly remember noticing that there were too many nice short term rentals on daft with no where near enough decent long term options when I was trying to find a place a year ago.
Jesse's tart may have been good, but the fact that she beat some amazing cooks in savoury is the real result here. It took me by total surprise. Looks like not just a dessert queen after all. Want to see her cook more savoury food when she gets the chance.
It's a sad practice, yes, but doesn't every college in India do this? I nearly had a minor heart attack once. The college was returning all documents to us as we were in third year or something, and they had somehow misplaced mine. It had my original class 10 and 12 certs, so I was panicking. It took them a couple of weeks to find it.
It's called slum tourism: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slum_tourism
No he doesn't. Even modi himself cannot get a city cleaned if it's municipal corporation doesn't do it's job or simply chooses not to. Municipal governments don't report to state governments only, what makes you think central government can interfere with municipal affairs?
The real problem is lack of good public transport. A lot of people like me are just forced to cycle everyday because I don't want to walk for 3km to work every morning, and every public transport option just takes me half the way so it's a waste of money. I'm sure more cars will be off the road too if the public transport improved across Dublin.
Heh, cool. You should watch some youtube videos on meal prep and how to cook and prepare food fast. that should help. &gt; To be honest, it's too cold here for my liking. I was hungry and didn't feel like going out to get raw chicken I can understand this. Where I live, its freezing cold and windy and rainy 10 out of 12 months of the year! And I don't even have great on demand grocery delivery services.. I have skipped dinner at times because I just wasn't enough hungry to justify going out shopping.
Thai curry isn't meant to have Indian vegetables like that, and the flavour of the curry is probably more on the Indian spice side by looking at the recipe (curry leaves). But yeah, its actually just a thai curry with a slight Indian twist. Not full fusion. Still looks delicious though!
Please tell me there were no kids in the pool while you were doing the act.
I know it's not your method, OP, but I just can't understand how people can read and comprehend like this. It seems impossible.
Don't know if it's the absolute cheapest way, but you can withdraw pounds at the ATMs in Dublin airport for quite cheap.
&gt; you feel like someone else is pleasuring you or really weird if you don't know what it feels like to be pleasured by someone else.
How is this possible? How can a guy like him commit suicide? I am shocked.
Calling him a celebrity chef is an understatement. Calling him a travel show host is also an understatement. Calling him a journalist too. He was so much more than the sum of all those, even in the public eye. I feel like now, more than ever, with the way the world is turning out, we need people like him to show us the other side of the world and their people. He's the reason I like travelling and exploring new cultures. My life would have been very different without his TV shows. I don't think I've ever been hit so hard by any "celebrity" death (really using the word celebrity lightly here).
Its well known the Japanese are incredibly polite, even if they secretly hate you behind your back. Maybe this is a very good example of it.
~~Amalfi is the name of the entire region. Did you mean Sorrento?~~ Ignore me.
Ah. Got it. Sometimes, the entire stretch is called the Amalfi coast which is what threw me off. Sorry.
They have atleast heard of other normal sports, even if they don't give a shit about it. Esports is twice as far away from the Indian people's minds as any normal sport which we don't give a shit about.
I have used a bunch of music apps and I am using apple music now. I keep hearing about spotify playlists.. What's so special about spotify playlists?
It is a hard job, so its worth the money. It isn't as easy as it sounds.
I found a replacement screen for my OP2 on ebay.ie.
He's squatting.
Depends on circle and area. Depends on whether you want postpaid or prepaid. All these factors drastically change the preferred operator. They will have different offerings, different packages, different quality, etc. There is no objective best cross country.. there can't be.
Get a water proof cover for laptop bag.
There's always a vamp character.
Which parts of Switzerland are you looking forward to visit? How many days in Switzerland and how many in Paris? I can make a decent itinerary for you.
I thought reddit meet-up was cancelled due to rains?
So far, I still don't strongly support or hate any contestant in this series yet, but Chloe is quickly becoming the first candidate. God, it feels like she doesn't give a shit about anyone in team challenges. I didn't even see her during service for some reason. It feels like only genene was trying to talk and sell food. I really, really hope we don't have to say goodbye to Ben or Hoda tomorrow (or even genene for that matter, even I don't care about her that much).
Oh god, I remember this. I can't believe it's been so long.
&gt; pro trump, white worshipping indian nationalists All that was a just an excuse for hating muslims.
Shopping is not a social activity in the very least. Most of the people I see shopping nowadays are doing it alone. I've literally never been to a mall shopping with my friends. Why would you do that? Better to spend time with friends doing something more enjoyable right? I prefer take friends to cafes, movies, bars, restaurants instead of shopping.
They don't get a cut from movie theatres for the booking service from big chains like PVR. Source: used to work in this industry.
Anywhere else in the world, I would have thought: Wow, what a talented and amazing person. He's probably lead a great colourful life, and is now retired and drives an Uber. Over here: They really should introduce moderation and verification for these driver profiles.
I agree with you on Denise.. She seemed like a strong cook. Loki cooked too much Indian food (not being racist here, I am Indian myself). The one good thing he made which wasn't obviously Indian was that ice cream which was chai flavoured. But maybe if he had stayed on for longer, he would have matured and got a chance to cook different things. I still liked him.
Hasn't Jess done a couple of good savouries?
Fair judging. It was clear who was meant to go home and who wasn't in this cook. If there's 1 thing Chloe can do, its pressure tests (and maybe noodles and mincing). Genene seemed nice, but wasn't a major fan. I'm just happy Ben and Hoda are safe.
They've also been planning to release hybrid buses for a while now. I guess thats also happening along with this.
Man, I wish I was travelling using metro, or even train. The problem was my home was a 20 minute auto ride away from the nearest train station, and my office was also another 30 min (or a metro change), so public transport was quite pointless. I used to suffer on western express highway traffic every day and every night. I guess situation will improve a lot on this route after a couple of years once the new metro lines open.
I guess Reynold was just really really good in desserts, with a lot of creativity. I feel like Jess and all are just trying to replicate him.
Almost every CS+MBA guy who I have seen is actually useless in CS and has no real coding skills.
I wouldn't call larry page and Sergei brin amateurs. They were PHD students when they founded google. One would say they were at the highest level of qualification required for the job. They were practically scientists.
I was born in the middle east and spent my entire childhood there. Even if you ignore all the political aspects of life there, there's one big issue: you can't ever truly be a citizen or even a permanent resident there (unless you buy property in one of those special zones where they allow foreigners to invest).
55% is supposed to be a good turnout for Jayanagar apparently. Seriously, how do we get more people to vote?
Not trying to side with any party here, but Congress won this seat. Also, 55% turnout means 55% of registered voters.
This looks like Mumbai. There are plenty of places to drink around that range. Unless you're going to high end hotels and getting charged tourist prices. Lived in Mumbai for 5 years before moving to Dublin last year, so ask me if you need help finding places like doolally!
I'm afraid to think what would happen to the current housing market if it was worse.
Why would the country of origin matter in this case?
You can't stop development, especially in a city like Bangalore in a country like India. What we need is properly planned and controlled development. Unfortunately, I don't think BBMP or any local government is capable enough for that.
It's not popular belief. It's just bhakt propaganda.
Probably too late for this, but AIB has some branches open in weekends, which you could have used on Saturday.
Why? Why should public figures be under so much scrutiny which we can't expect for ourselves?
The service is like a relic for the pre-internet days. You can easily find any info, book any ticket, etc online now.
Because demonetisation was the perfect opportunity for people to get their counterfeit currency legitimised. All counterfeit currency is with RBI now.
That's also true. But I think the sheer number of border crossings make this border impossible to create and maintain, even if people want it.
Two main reasons: 1. Big differences between various school boards and exams. A 90 in state A can be much harder to score than 95 in state B. 2. School syllabus and exams aren't enough. IIT entrance exams are on a higher level when it comes to subject matter and it's difficulty level. Essentially making it a much higher threshold for selecting smart and hard working students.
&gt; he was oblivious You mean he didn't care because he thought he won't get caught. Anyway, open office is not great (even libreoffice isn't great IMO), but maybe he can use zoho or google sheets or something along with Linux.
Forget New York. It won't even be another Pune.
One of the biggest issues I had with newpipe was that I couldn't seek videos playing in background. That made it unusable for me because I often listen to long videos. There is actually a hack for playing youtube in background: Just open youtube in your standard browser (chrome or firefox) in desktop mode. Start playing the video, press the home button, and the video will pause. You will get the media control in the notification bar, which you can use to restart playing while the browser (or youtube browser tab) is in the background. Stopped using newpipe after I discovered this trick.
This is nothing to do with the legality of your work or what you sell. Any money you make must be reported and taxed, if taxable.
I agree with you here. I actually dislike her too, but it doesn't seem like the bad dessert was entirely her fault. Both teams screwed up and made terrible desserts. In fact, it was aldo who screwed their mains. Aldo has more than his fair share of screw ups now. He just happens to be a really likable person, so people don't hate on him.
This right here. They don't give a shit about jobs or economy or crime or cultural integration. They just don't like brown people living next to them.
There was a report on news18, which got deleted. This isn't opinion, it's a verifiable fact. It's unfortunate that most news we get from channels and websites are actually just opinions and "he said she said" otherwise. But this is a fact.
The actual reality is that stopping consumption of foreign products will put MNCs which hire Indians out of business and will hamper FDI in India. Nothing good can come from this type of nonsense nationalism.
Look for better quality brands on sale. Don't go to any of these websites which print shit on shirts. Your body is not your message board or Facebook wall. I once purchased some superdry tees for really cheap on Myntra or something. Also places like H&amp;M and Jack and Jones are decent, and cheaper on sale.
It's amazing how lot of people thought kejri is a mad fool, but a lot of stuff he has been shouting about is turning out to be true.
He and his party aren't ready for national level yet.
Hmm yes. Even loving your country unconditionally is bad. Sometimes, you have to be critical of your own country. India, even without its current governance, has issues which we must accept.
Honestly, in most homes, the air conditioners are too small for large rooms which are left open. Even when it's set to 18, all the air conditioner is doing is working overtime to try to get the temperature down to 18. Real 18 degrees would be way too uncomfortable for a lot of us.
Disable ad blocker or better, try incognito mode with all extension disabled. Try Firefox or edge browser or even phone browser. It has to work for some combination (or something is wrong with your login).
This is a beautiful place. The last time I visited, I just sat in my tent and just stared outside for a couple of hours, drinking tea. I've never felt so much at peace without a phone or book or even talking to someone.
Yes. I was an avid reader but I lost out on time to read because of a change in schedule, so I didn't continue subscription. If you can afford it, and if you're interested in their kind of journalism, go for it.
This isn't normal. You should consult a doctor.
There should be a way to report misleading ads.
Uniting factor for what? Didn't get your question.
For how long are you here? I recommend staying in somewhere outside Dublin for some time too, if possible. There are some very pretty towns with B&amp;Bs. And you'll spend lesser time travelling to sights or main attractions nearby, if you can combine a few from the same region.
Ah. Probably not enough to spend outside Dublin then. Fair enough, you can do 2-3 day trips.
You're travelling to New York in August and don't have tickets yet? OP, just book your tickets asap.
Wild Rover Tours is what I'd recommend. Had amazing experiences with them every time.
You think these people are paying for their seats? 😁
This is the exact reason why I carry a print out of the boarding pass even if I've done online check-in and have a digital copy. Worst comes to worst, if your phone dies, you have a physical copy.
Yep, those are the ones I'd recommend. Go for it.
Honestly, I'm not the best person to answer that. I'm a very fussy eater, so I don't eat most things!
Latest one is total failure. Terrible keyboard. No standard usb.
And more importantly, no nation gives a fuck about modi.
If you can demonstrate real skills and show that in resume, it will actually look good. Certifications are mostly useless.
**BEFORE MARRIAGE** Because after marriage, who gives a fuck about your kids, eh.
Who said American economy is booming?
Because he is not a little girl.
You want to Google something? Google what was the exact rate with modi became PM. It was 58, not 68. Secondly, the US dollar was performing stronger than most currencies for a long while. But in the last month or so, it's the Indian currency which has been performing bad compared to most. I read an article saying it's one of the worst performing in Asia. Kar lo Google. And one of his main points of his campaign when in opposition was value of rupee and inflation.
They removed verification for renewals a while ago. This is different.
First time I'm seeing sponsored WhatsApp forwards. This is genius.
Not all of them can be predicted. But I guess seismic trends can predict some of them.
Whatever you feel about arranged marriage, guys like these don't deserve wife and kids.
It's also illegal to murder people. What's your point?
Bangalore has some amazing book shops. Higgin Bothams and blossoms are other favourites of mine. If I remember correctly, sapna started selling books online long before e commerce become popular in India. Before Amazon and Flipkart were even around.
No one said bitcoin is good or bad. We are just talking about legality of bitcoin in India, not ethics.
Like I said, it's relevant if it's bad or not. The fact is it's illegal now, and the bookshop is still using it. We can't just choose to follow or ignore rules based on what we think is good or bad.
It's the first time I'm seeing a real photo of the place. It makes me appreciate the art work even more.
Japan has one of the best public transport in the world. Both with long distance trains and metro inside Tokyo. Our housing crisis would be far less worse if it was easier to commute to and inside Dublin from more locations.
They're in the process of eliminating one fare class.. from 3 fares to 2 in Dublin bus. They're doing this slowly by adjusting fares a little at a time. They're doing this to simplify and start one tap payment in all buses, where currently a lot of time is wasted by informing the driver where you're going and him charging a specific amount from your leap. Apart from the new bus routes and the rapid dedicated bus corridors, this is one of the other changes in the bus connects program.
Isn't she already Irish?
There are places are safe enough to leave your front door unlocked.
You can't, in many states. They're only allowed to sell to authorised sellers in APMC.
Unpopular opinion: If you allow university to be built in babri masjid land, you are basically legitimising its destruction for building a university. If they aren't going to build a mosque there, or give land somewhere next to it to build a mosque, there should be nothing built there. &amp;#x200B; Everyone thinks this is just a conflict about what needs to be built there now, but forget that muslims in the area have lost a mosque.
How have I never noticed this? I visit penny's atleast a couple of times a month and I've never seen this.. where exactly inside the store is this?
You realise that Delhi government has no control over law enforcement, right?
Perfect example of indianism. It's loosely equivalent of 'guys' in American English. Plus most Indian YouTubers try to be more articulate and slightly formal than regular spoken language, so it comes out as a prepared speech.
Depends on what you want to watch. If you do a lot of online shopping, Amazon prime is a no brainer as it's price is almost negligible imo. Netflix is nice if you are an avid follower of TV shows and like watching and exploring new content. A lot of people have both.
The startup boom is much older than this make in India, which is essentially just a marketing and PR thing. We've always had tones of startups and entrepreneurs, especially around IIT circles and places like Bangalore. The hype itself is atleast 10 years old. I remember doing my first internship at a startup in 2007, and around those circles, it felt like every other guy is working in a different startup. Maybe what has happened in recent years is just brought it on the television. Anyway, I've worked in quite a few startups, and while only a couple of them were really successful, all of them were valuable to me in terms of exposure and experience in terms of network, technical experience, non technical experience about different parts of the job, etc. I really think the fastest way to learn and progress your career is to join a good start-up. There are plenty of shitty startups run by shitty people too.
In some places, there are hefty fines for pulling those emergency handles when there's no emergency.
Not sure if there are any tutorials online. While the characters might look strange and different, Hindi is a pretty phonetic language. You can read easily and know how to pronounce a word by looking at its spelling. It's pretty straightforward and simple.
I think almost all data entry has been more or less automated to a great extent. It's not like the older days where we had disconnected systems and we had to manually transfer data in different formats. I think audio transcription is still a thing. You'll find a few good genuine websites online.
Isn't it wrong season to go to leh?
You've haven't met Indians from different parts of India then. It's used a lot in South India.
What a waste of infrastructure.. a simple flight of a few hours already connects UAE and India. Is it really so bad that it needs a massive open sea connection?
They are LEDs. They don't consume that much power. It's nothing compared to the amount of fossil fuels we use everyday, which should be immediate target here.
They give out their community centers to Indian groups for different Indian festivals and events. I've been invited to a few but never been there. And most Indian expats are pretty clueless about what it is and what they've done elsewhere. Shits scary.
Recycling should come after reducing use, and then reusing. We shouldn't be using single use plastics at all.
They are already getting banned in many places elsewhere in the world. Even if the perfect alternative doesn't exist, we should be forgetting about our convenience and start doing real sacrifices to stop plastic pollution.
People hate police for one of two reasons: - they're corrupt and abuse their power - they aren't corrupt and don't like policemen doing their job, because they don't want to follow laws. No one has direct interaction with army. Most people haven't even met anyone from army. The very idea of police is to control people and establish law and order in normal society.
Different countries have different transit rules for different nationalities. Sometimes you get extra relaxation in rules if you have US or EU visas too. And there are different types and variations of transit (are on travelling on a single ticket, or are you changing itineraries, if you are changing, are they different terminals, do you have to go through customs etc) . Check online and if possible, get as close to the official source as possible.. that means start with Japan and Thailand immigration/visa website, and then maybe try airport website or embassy websites.
Maybe that passenger intends to get down in the next stop? Another thing I've noticed is that it isn't exactly comfortable to stand in the area between the seats at the back of the bus. It's hard to hold on hand rails on the side because they're higher up, and if any passenger sitting in those seats has to get down, it's hard for them to move out.
Are you comparing flight tickets booked well in advance to train tickets booked on the day of the journey?
That's a really small street, or a really powerful WiFi signal.
The purpose of giving a mini bar with drinks right in your room is to tempt you.. it's literally right there. If you really want to go grab a drink, you could even go to a shop and buy drinks at normal prices.
Of all the things the states can compete on.. infrastructure, education, industry, business growth, jobs, renewable energy, forest cover, safety of women, general law and order.... This is what they have chosen. Especially states which are doing very poorly in the first list of things.
I don't think they delay trains on purpose just to accommodate late comers. They're just saying that the delays incidentally happen to help them. Delays cause a lot of issues down the line.. it propagates into too many issues, so they always atleast try to minimise it.
Entire Japanese culture is built on principles of extreme civility and work ethic. Not to mention, their infrastructure is probably several decades ahead of us. You can't just copy train operations from their country and expect things to work.
I'm not sure why you need to register your marriage in India in the first place. You're already married in Australia, and you have a certificate for that, right? I'm sure that will be recognised in India as a valid proof of marriage. People don't re-register their marriage when they move to different countries.
This is already done in many socialist type economies like India, atleast on paper. If not money directly, people are given guaranteed employment, rations, health care, etc. Giving money directly is also being experimented in some places. The interesting thing is that this just won't be an expenditure and a tax on the rich, it will be an investment which will eventually pay back: once you have more people in the economy with higher purchasing power, it will lead to increase in business and growth for the same "rich desi businessmen". Atleast in theory. But it's a big experiment and requires lot of work and dedication.
From the very first time my parents starred talking about God and religion, I never really believed it. I didn't lose faith, I just never had any. Obviously, this lack of faith just became stronger as I grew up and got an education.
I want to note it down before destroying it, but I keep procrastinating. I can't even take a photo of it because it's stuck behind my phone.
Why don't you just get a sim in your name?
This meme is never getting old
Come on, man. You do realize that all office internet activity is potentially monitored right? Regardless on whether someone physically sees what you're doing, it team and management probably have your browsing history. Be careful.
I'll give one very specific advise. Indian men in particular have a much higher chance, genetically speaking, to get risk of heart complications and bad blood cholesterol. Go for a lipids and sugar test, start doing daily exercise if you aren't already doing, and watch your food in take. I was in my mid 20s when I got cholesterol and life long medication. I had suffered several years of tasteless hostel food and just started making money, so I started eating very unhealthy fast food on a regular basis. Don't make the same mistake I did. Learn to take care of your health.
It is a long essay to be honest. Not really a concise and informative article.
Does the management usually entertain complaints from renters directly? I think it's better to complain to your landlord or their representative (rental agency), and they'll take it up with the building society and management.
Still 6 times lesser than greater Dublin area, isn't it?
Just because he was a good RBI governor and has a strong hold of fiscal matters, doesn't mean he can lead the nation. Maybe he can come as finance minister.
It's a good lesson in fake news, IMO. If some people get duped into thinking that some Bollywood celebrity has died and then later realise that the video was wrong, it's a good lesson learned, with some relatively harmless fake news. Don't trust everything you see on the internet.
True, but I think we should aspire much higher than the current blabbermouth in charge.
Dude, I was never okay with that asshole. What makes you think I am ok with him?
I'm a big fan of RR. I just don't think he's PM material.
Sounds like someone's a major fan of Pete Sampras.
Winning states doesn't give you power in the centre. Only in state governments. There is a different central election.
Yeah but upper house is not very important in our form of government I guess.
Oooh. Chimpanzee that!
Play a record
Wow. This new post thing isn't even supported in relay for Reddit. Can't open the image.
I have no idea why crackbird was so popular. The food was extremely oily in my opinion, even for deep fried food.
This is literally the most anti intellectual government I've seen. They won't bother with shit like studies and all. After all, hard work &gt; Harvard.
In India, it mostly is.
My point is that Bengalis love to argue.
Haven't fake teeth been around for a while now.
Rafale scam benefitted like a couple of people. At least this waver is benefitting all farmers in state.
Yeah, that's my point.
Any better source than this?
Thanks. Don't understand the downvotes though. It's a really biased source so I asked a fair question.
Refuse offer, and rebuke HR for wasting your and their time with entire process when they weren't going to even come close to your requirements. Seriously, make it a point to tell them. Who cares if it's not in writing? You mentioned it earlier, and it got lost. Was a total waste of time. Don't let them pressure you, just decline and say it's way too low.
It's funny how it's phrased, but there are no winners here. In fact, there's no possible scenario were the British, the EU, or Ireland would be better off after brexit. The entire thing is pointless exercise which is going to affect everyone negatively. Real victory right now would be brexit getting cancelled.
My vote goes for m&amp;s too. I've had jeans from other places (not super high end, but similarly priced or cheaper) which become totally unusable after a year or so, but m&amp;s jeans are still as good as new. They also have decent sales when you can get stuff for considerably cheaper.
Middle class is waking up from nationalist dream into ugly reality of India.
The news is they're flocking to Canada now. The fact that they're leaving India is nothing new.
This is the train which WhatsApp forwards and social media was going abuzz with. And this is what happens to it. Seriously, zero sense of even basic civic pride and utter hooliganism. And we expect people to clean after themselves.
This is so weird. Do they actually expect the leader of another country to care more about British people than their own country? Of course Ireland is more important to leo than what the British people voted for! It would be fucking weird if it wasn't.
Immigration in general becomes harder as time goes by, even if you ignore the political sides which don't like immigration. The main reason why immigrants is used is to fix local labour shortages in various areas. More people come in and fill in the local demands in the workforce, which slowly reduces and then doesn't need as much immigrants as it used to a few decades ago. Canada is still a massive country with huge amount of resources and a large economy, but a large amount of immigration could quickly overwhelm it and shut things. Apart from the Indian immigration which has pretty much always been there, there was an Arabic wave due to the Syrian war, and now, south American issues in a few countries are threatening to be the next wave. I don't think our kids will be able to immigrate to different countries as easily as we could.
Yes. I know
But you're not doing nothing if you just quit Facebook. It's still very much worth the effort to quit and never use Facebook again, and use WhatsApp regularly as your main messenger.
I've actually seen the opposite. Bus drivers notice if people are running to catch the bus and wait a few seconds for them to board.
The rental crisis is worse than just high prices. Be prepared to go to viewings any time, even working hours of weekdays, and be prepared to go to several viewings. The chances of actually getting a place which you apply to are quite slim because there are too many applicants, so keep going on viewings and applying. Dublin city centre isn't exactly a great area to live, but you should have some decent options near blanchardstown. Search for bus routes from your place of work.
Yeah what the hell was that? It smelled like something was burning.
It cleared out within an hour though.
Don't think I've ever noticed fog like that in Dublin before.
It's not in an alternate universe. I live in Ireland, and the cosmetic sections of department stores usually have a whole section of different varieties of tanning products. You also have tanning salons.
I honestly wish there was an easier way to get in touch with people without Facebook and social media. I've done a reasonable trade-off. I've deleted all my content off Facebook (no posts, no photos, no data apart from name, city and college and employer), and I'm not going to put anything up ever. I've also uninstalled apps. Now, I'm only regular in a few Facebook groups, which I'm planning to leave soon, but otherwise, I'm silent on Facebook.
Apple has third party support in many countries. From what I hear, their golden no questions asked support isn't what it used to be anywhere else in the world either. Even product quality is reducing.
Corporations and people have different set of rules for taxes. Corporations definitely aren't people when it comes to taxes.
It's not just a nitpick. The entire topic of discussion is taxes. What you said is totally irrelevant. Corporations are nothing like people in this context.
This place is apparently pretty famous for being "haunted" among the locals there. Did it feel creepy?
More convenient to passengers, and also reduces load at American airport immigration counters if done from popular foreign airports.
It sounds good on paper, but most people don't have a passion which they can make into a career they can comfortably live off. And honestly, not everyone can be a businessman. Success in business largely depends on who you have connections with and your ability to get capital, apart from having a knack and the proper skills required for business. It's actually much more harder than working in a job. The vast majority of businesses just quitely fail.
You didn't see these things in the previous governments either. But credit where credit is due.. Modi did excellent PR work in government programmes which have been running for a while. Did you really think rural India had absolutely nothing and it all started overnight when Modi came to power?
What are they going to feed the carnivores in the Zoo?
IMO, money is necessary for happiness. Just having money alone isn't sufficient for happiness. The proverb says you can't buy happiness, which is true. But money can buy the first down payment required to be happy. Without that, you're screwed.
Umm. You're not supposed to overtake any vehicle from the left hand side.
They expose students to the actual difficulty and competition level at Kota and JEE for the first time. The students are already brainwashed by their parents and society into thinking that their life will be useless if they don't get into Kota and subsequently IIT. Can't blame Kota entirely. They're just a small symptom of a rotten system.
Should we fix Aadhar only because world is mocking it? I'm not a supporter of Aadhar in the very least, but we should stop caring so much about what others say. We should fix our shit, because it needs to be fixed. Not because what it looks like from the outside. This is the kind of attitude that leads to our problem with "nationalism" and fake news.
Would have been very happy with this news if it came from a more credible source.
It's the first time I'm even hearing about this dfc project. Infrastructure like this has a great potential for transforming industry and economy of country.
Didn't even realize it was my cake day! Thanks
The photo's definitely not fake. It's a very famous photograph, though I don't exactly remember what that Chinese looking structure is. But it's important to remember that Mumbai was always a very cosmopolitan city.
Media is talking about it all over the world. It's big news. But visas always affect a tiny portion of the population, so you will not have massive uproar about it.
I agree with you about shopkeepers. But the guys who are selling on the bus are actually selling you the service of getting a drink on your seat while you're traveling. That cannot be the same as shopkeepers price.
If talk of Bollywood town is to be believed, even that marriage is just a marriage of convenience and amitabh has had affairs with others after marriage.
Surprised with Ben's determination and he pulled it off quite decently. They haven't focused on Tim for a bit now, and he had sort of started middling a bit. The challenges have started getting a lot harder. It makes it more interesting to watch atleast.
Some weeks are ok. I fucking loved Gordon Ramsey week. It was the highlight of the season for me. I enjoy weeks where they travel to different regions too. It's a nice change from the same old MasterChef kitchen, plus we get to see new places. But sometimes they force a pointless theme when there isn't anything that special about the week. Secrets week is a good example of that.
What a waste of winning the first round of immunity challenge.. just to throw it on yet another layer cake. I honestly didn't think her first round dish was that great either. Should have given someone else the chance. To top it all up, Billy gave zero direction and advise. If it was Poh or Matt, they would have asked Anushka to reconsider and see if she can make something better. &amp;#x200B; I am really happy that the judges are calling this stuff out.. &amp;#x200B; \- They called out the fact that Billy is the only mentor who hasn't given out a pin yet. \- They mentioned that Anushka is making too many layer cakes. \- They also made fun of Derek for always showing off his muscles while cooking! :D &amp;#x200B; Really looking forward to Matty and Elena leading the team challenge tomorrow. Billy is starting to getting on my nerves with her TV awkwardness.
IMO, Steve is a comedic genius and a treasure. He was always my favourite. I really wish he does more comedy stuff on his own, his stuff is great.
I don't think he's silent at all. I always hear him shouting and supporting cooks from the gantry above. It's just that they don't show him at all for some reason.
Highlight of the episode for me was Matt's mentoring. He got so involved. He seemed genuinely pissed and angry when Waleed wasn't leading. I've been a big fan of Matt ever since his season, so really enjoyed seeing him guide the team. Even after the service was done, Matt was still talking to the team about what this opportunity means and everything, and it looked like he wasn't doing it just for the shot. I was really happy to see waleeds team win, and now we know why they never feature him at all. He's very introverted, from the look of things. Personally, that doesn't bother me, but I'd like to see him cook some interesting stuff soon.
When I saw Joe's platter when it was ready, I almost burst out laughing at how bland it looked compared to the others. I knew he was done with. His time was clearly up though. He seemed like one of the weaker guys left. Now, I'm just waiting for Ben to really step up and show something special, or leave the competition. Was this the first time that Nicole was in elimination? It seemed so weird to see her so worried and not upbeat. When they were recalling Joe's best moments in this series, I actually couldn't believe he was the guy who cooked that winning dish in the retro recipe challenge. At that time, he seemed like a total cooking nerd who has many interesting things up his sleeve. I quickly forgot about that episode. My mouth was watering during George's masterclass. Kerala food is probably my favourite Indian cuisine. It was probably the first time I was paying such close attention and trying to learn the recipe. Ginger seems to be so popular, both in sweet and savory. Is there anyone else here who can't stand ginger? Any hint of ginger taste in any dessert totally spoils it for me. I was literally cringing when Matt was preparing his ginger dessert.
Man, I really can't keep up with all these memes.
Apart from job which requires continuous interaction with either customers or team members, flexible timings is really a no brainer. However, many small offices may not have the right infrastructure in place to allow people to come in at any time and leave at any time. Though obviously, most of the big employers do. Work from home is honestly not for everyone. I tried it a few times in my career and really hated it. I've actually lost a nice job because I couldn't work from home effectively. Unless you've actually tried it on a regular basis, you really don't know how suited you are to it though.
You cannot pedestrianise a city where people block public transport development. We've already lost half the metro, and people are still fighting bus connects. People aren't going to walk into the city center from all over fucking Dublin. They need better public transport to get into the city first, or they won't leave their cars.
If it's one air India ticket the full way, they'll manage it and try to rush your parents through. The big issue is that all the immigration will happen in Delhi, so will another round of security, so 45 minutes is really far from enough. Hopefully, they'll collect your parents as soon as they land and rush them through all the express lanes. If they don't do this, your parents should ask someone in the airport as soon as they land.
5 years ago, I would be have believed you. But not today.
Bhai, Sau Chuhe Khaake Billi Haaj Ko Chali? Want to talk about what the Indian government stands for? Indian government is as corrupt as they come. &amp;#x200B; Also, if you are talking about a private conversation, what makes you think this private conversation hasn't happened yet?
Which part of Mumbai is this? It's really not clear, but I would have to make a totally random guess, I would say its around Malad?
Bull fucking shit. Anyone can cancel order. They don't take money from workers pockets for cancelled orders like this. Total nonsense. He just cheated you. If I were you, I'd write a review in Zomato and Google maps and never step inside that place again. CCD stopped being good ages ago. I remember going to Bangalore CCDs around 15 years ago, and they used to be really good. Strong good tasting coffee.They also had really nice pastries, not that prepackaged shitty food they serve now. They sold very quickly after that. Right now, it's nothing but a money minting machine. I avoid it like plague now. Especially if you are broke and don't have money, please don't give them your hard earned money.
Obviously, if you have nothing about your core subjects, you basically have to start from scratch in any career. Atleast give us some info about your interests and what you'd like to do. Everything and nothing can be a option without that.
If you think there's unemployment in India now, wait till we don't need food delivery and e-commerce delivery guys or cab drivers.
Haha. Even when I was composing that message, I was wondering if it's really been 15 years since I used to go to CCD in Bangalore in my college days. Time flies too fast.
A lot of employers provide private health insurance by the way. Depending on the type of insurance, the cost of doctor visits are partially reimbursed.
Eh. I personally feel living near the city centre is really overrated. if you want to have a stress free life, live near your university.
The most overrated tourist attraction in Italy.
Yep, like louise said, the pharmacist consultation system is pretty cool for minor ailments. They are properly qualified and everything, unlike some of the pharmacies we generally see in India (I am from India too). Also, I moved here 2 years ago, and the only reason I had to visit the doctor was for my regular cholesterol checkups (older condition) and one physical injury. I didn't fall sick in the last two years (touchwood). My wife visited a doctor in Ireland for the first time in 2 years last week for some tests required for life insurance.
Did they start as an internet café? Wow that's unreal.
This makes a lot of sense in smaller countries, or maybe states. Realistically, there isn't much use for this as 90% of population wouldn't really travel in more than one city's metro system. If they're going to start standardising it for all new systems, there's no real downside as such.
Because English isn't taught properly and isn't used very formally very a large chunk of population. Most use it very informally, and the current 30s generation came to terms with English from internet and social media about a decade ago, which was filled with text speak. They didn't have any other frame of reference like parents who spoke and communicated with proper English regularly.
Dial out, stop giving a shit. Understand that this drama is doing no good for you.
No one takes online payment for credit card dues via SMS like this. Especially via third party payment gateway. It's 100% scam.
Anyone can register a company and collect payments via billdesk. It's just a payment gateway. This is definitely a scam.
Nothing in excess is good. While those milk solids may not exactly be poison, the Indian sweets contain a very high amount of sugar which is quite unhealthy except when eaten very occasionally.
Fastboot cable? Don't those tablets come with standard usb cables?
Seriously, UAE is a cocaine hub? I thought they had some of the harshest punishments for even marijuana.
Yeah, that's why I said hub. They're actually really strict on people caught transporting drugs too. Dubai airport actually had a TV show for a short while which showed how they catch people with drugs.
Don't get me started about Mumbai rents.. its freaking twice as high as the next most expensive city in India. I personally feel that Mumbai is the worst off compared to how much it actually contributes to GDP and how expensive the city is to live. The city is in absolute tatters, and honestly, it deserves so much more. I spent around 7 years in Mumbai, and 9 years in Bangalore before that, and I got sick of it. I was getting tired of my life, and this was one of the bigger reasons which contributed to my decision to move abroad (there were a few other very big reasons too). And this is for someone who was earning 25L+ per year.
Not to the same level. Law enforcement is much stricter and transparent in many developed countries, with also much lesser corruption.
Dude I live in Ireland, and this is a very rare and extreme example. The people here are absolute gems. They make everyone feel warm and welcome. I've been living here for a few years and I already feel like this is much more closer to my heart and makes me feel like home more than any place in India ever did. I'm not saying Ireland is better than India in every way, and I'm not saying everyone should move abroad. But if you want a reason to not move to Ireland, racism isn't one of them.
All these companies outsource their service to different agencies. The quality of service can vary a lot from outlet to outlet.
I've seen twinkies in Fresh, atleast in the grand canal outlet.
This isn't extremely progressive. It's expected in any country with decent abortion laws.
Exactly. It's progressive in our own context. So the world wouldn't care about it. We should just be happy that we're progressing and not crave for world attention.
It's not like we will die in cold weather just because we're from India. You just have to adjust and get used to it. Personally, I actually like cool weather a lot more now, and I hate hot weather.
Excessive water leakage from AC is not normal. Get it serviced :P
Public transport shouldn't always be run for profit. The removal of AC buses will just drive more people to cars.
I think the judges made a critical mistake by asking Derek to stay away from the rib eye steak. What the hell is wrong with having steak with yams? He should have just went with his gut and gone ahead with it. It's a good thing they weren't looking for the worst dishes, but you can see how badly the tasting affected poor Derek anyway.
Moved to Dublin from Mumbai, India 2 years ago. - chatty friendly people. - relatively smaller roads but very fast speeds. - just how hard it is to find a place to rent.
This is rubbish. 5G isn't Huawei's technology. They're just one of the companies who can provide it to telecom companies.
Normally, I'd say the rents are too high here, but coming from London, you'll fit right in. 75k will give you a very decent life. Just make sure your employer applies for a critical skills work permit for you, rather than a general work permit.
I think it's both. The roads are really way too crowded, and also filled with slower vehicles. Traffic is attrocious there.
You're both wrong in some ways. USA doesn't have a lot of the defects you mentioned, and also many of those points of comparison really don't make a lot of sense. But neither is USA objectively is the best country in the world to live in. It's not a utopia and has a lot of issues.
I really liked the concept of the challenge, and I'm a massive fan of Massimo. But they really should have made the challenge more explicit from the start. They should have given a smaller pantry with only cheap ingredients, they could have added a hard limit on the cost of ingredients used.. I really appreciate what Massimo is doing, but this challenge felt very random. Regardless of that, the person who cooked the worst (undercooked meat is always a default fail) got eliminated. And honestly, Ben had sort of overstayed his welcome even though he had a few good dishes in the recent weeks. I can't remember how many times he just missed elimination. If he wasn't this lucky, he would have gone weeks ago.
I've read some interview of a past contestant who was talking about the house and how they live together for the duration of the show. The house thing is really not made up.
One of the biggest issues with open defecation is the contamination and sanitary aspect of it. It is why the government is trying to stop it and start toilets with proper sewage systems. It's not just for privacy. So basically, this doesn't solve the real problem behind open defecation in rural areas.
It's impossible to generalise, man. You have literally millions of youths in Mumbai, from very diverse backgrounds, culturally speaking. You have many different genres and cultures.. probably folks from more regions, religious and diverse backgrounds than anywhere else in India.
You know, just because you don't follow the news properly doesn't mean they're not covering it.
Why you're asking this here? Indians didn't even support rohingya Muslims looking at the voting results.
Sorry guys, I hate to say this, but if we really wanted to get rid of this government, we should have voted them out last election. It was just one year ago, and honestly, the NRC and CAA thing is just one more thing in a long line of things these guys have done to alienate and subjugate Muslims, so it's not like we could never see this coming. Honestly, as a Muslim, I think everyday.. where were all you protestors one year ago? I'm honestly the least bit surprised by what the BJP is doing now, it's pretty much par for the course. Most of the voters were just okay with what they've done with Muslims so far, in the name of development... Or were too ignorant to see what was going on.
I'd take the most corrupt government over a violent facist government.
I thought we were talking about good movies.. I like to pretend that in the entire series, this book was never made into a movie.
Is it only me that's totally shocked that Taiwan had a Beijing friendly presidential candidate? How the fuck does that happen?
Dude, the very existence and idea of their country is a stance against China.
The adolescent/adult transition is quite messy for most people, but not having older friends with you can make it super weird. Totally understand this. I had a similar issue when I went to a different country for college.. back in school, I was a shy guy who had never spoken to more than a few guys and didn't have any close friends whatsoever, and I decided to reinvent myself and become a lot more outgoing in college.. except I had no experience. Within the first year, I quickly became labelled as the weird one and lost all my friends. Things improved a few years down the line, but I don't think I can go back to those old friends now. It's too embarrassing and weird.
Lol. For once, Maharashtra is not under their control and they want to divide it. Compared to Maharashtra, I'd give priority to many other states to be split first. First one would be UP.
This is mostly just office space and NCI. Most of the apartments there are in pretty poor shape, and mostly temporarily rented to people who cannot wait to find something better, or Airbnbed out... You really cannot have a community in such an area. If we had sufficient buffer or competition in housing market, these apartments would have been redeveloped and improved by now, considering its prime location and access to public transport.
To be fair, Americans haven't elected Bernie yet.
Yep. I actually wanted to "interesting" in quotes, but I forgot.
Like I said, SF is the worst thing to compare to. I actually live in Europe. Over here, people can depend on public transport to get to work and back everyday without worrying about traffic and delays and crowding and cab refusals. It's not just rich people, even the poorest people who use it. It's definitely not a luxury. It might seem expensive compared to Indian cost of living, but that's obviously going to be the case. A lot of things are super cheap in India because it's a poor country where the vast majority of people are super poor.
I'm not telling half of anything. They'd be more than happy to use public transport if it was usable and how they expect it to be back home. They aren't being racist.. they'd be more than happy to explore India as a tourist and see how things are. But actually come and work there even for short work trips is best avoidable, from their point of view.
I live in one of the parts serviced by 41N. The 33n route has changed to cover all the areas which were served by 41n but not 41. They didn't forget about us thankfully.
The most outrageous thing about this particular news item is that the Garda pretty much refused to show up because apparently they didn't have any car to spare. This is what's really encouraging these elements.. the police either can't or don't bother catching them now.
Then why are you posting this? Stop giving them free publicity.
Well, you can't completely hold the constitution responsible for economic growth of country. There are many other factors. The economic policies of various elected governments aren't dictated by constitution.
Not sure about apolitical, but he's a closet bhakt who didn't want to discuss his political views openly earlier.
This may be "unverified" source, but this is extremely common (atleast in Mumbai in my experience), and it's nothing new, unfortunately. Just ask any Muslim person who's tried to get a place to rent.
This is actually true, even though OP post looks like a typical WhatsApp forward. Source: https://m.economictimes.com/foreign-cars-grow-local-horns-in-india/articleshow/28937211.cms http://blogs.wsj.com/drivers-seat/2012/04/02/driving-in-india-requires-robust-horns-and-tires/
Anyone can give some half decent good sounding feel good advice. Even a broken clock is right twice a day. Stop looking for validation and help from these babas, and don't give them any more credit than they deserve.
You should have complained to her manager. You can still probably lodge a complaint online or on their customer support phone. This is highly unethical, and she is probably doing it because she gets incentivised to promote and sell food vouchers, and will not stop doing it.
I won't be surprised if the company policy is to reward employees who upsell and or promote food vouchers, but this particular cashier probably thought she could get her bonus by sneaking the voucher in without the customer being aware.
It's still far more developed and a still a great place to live. Brexit is bad, but it isn't going to get so bad that India becomes a better place to live. We have a loooooong way to go before we can even be compared to European countries.
Look up single transferable vote system. It's actually in use in many places.
You cannot. You can't quantify quality, especially in art.
Couldn't they just complain to the police, who'd then arrest the dealer for selling illegal drugs? Why should they have to spend their own money to do the police's job?
Public transports goal is not be generate profit. It has a lot of other benefits to city in general which cannot be measured by ticket sales.
Nope. Not that one. OPs is talking about the one with sound effects which are an interpretation of a song title. Like the one with sound effects of repeatedly hitting a dog was "smack my bitch up".
All standards regarding America have gone to the bin for the past few years, if you haven't been noticing.
It's ok. It's not like some of the horror stories about other countries in the news. The nursing homes could have been handled a lot better though. That's a real shame.
How did she end up contacting her daughter and meeting her? This is so strange.. really curious to know what happened to her.
Atleast it's easy to convert an eu to Irish license. It's just paperwork if I am not wrong.
Man, a lot of this doesn't make any sense whatsoever. She made it all the way to Ireland from Texas, but her daughter isn't even here? Couldn't she just come when her daughter was here? And why didn't she simply get her daughter's address before coming? Is her daughter even aware that she's coming? I'm not saying she's a scammer, but there's definitely more to this story than what she's letting on. Shits weird.
Atleast the statue of liberty was a gift.
Its probably because of relatively cheap tech labour. India isn't a great place to start a company otherwise. There's too much red tape and bearacracy. Only big IT firms like Accenture and IBM open offices in India because they can handle it. Some smaller companies outsource work to India but you need a reliable partner in India who you can trust. I'd strongly advise you against planning your entire company in India.
It's not that sad. India has much lower cost of living, so people can do a lot more with lower salaries. It's pretty much the only reason why tech labour is cheap here. In fact, within India, many mid range and senior tech workers are generally seen as very rich and successful.
Lol. It is gift to nation which is coming out of nation's pocket itself.
I'm an Indian Muslim. Lol, I wish our discrimination was as basic as skin colour.
Well, for one thing, China isn't even a democracy. They literally don't listen to people. US is meant to be the land of the free.
I honestly don't think they'll rush a vaccine release. It's too dangerous.
You won't find an interpreter who can speak every Indian language competently. You will probably need to find one in every major region you travel to.
For that, you'd either have to block travel between northern Ireland and the Republic, or northern Ireland and the UK. Neither of them will be easy.
Is it just me, or does anyone find the timelines in this story confusing as hell?
shukran will give this a shot
In general, any sort of shopkeeper or cashier position would be closest match for him. Some offices look for security/reception type folks who can do things like maintaining entry logs and simple jobs around office. But I don't think he'd earn the same amount in udupi as Mumbai.
Aw man. You made it awkward and jinxed it.
Tell her to atleast collect it if she cannot repair it, and you need the space for your TV. How careless does she have to be to leave a non working TV in the apartment. I understand if she's cheap, but this is shameless.
Tomatoes, chillies, garlic, coriander, basil, mint, strawberries. I got a plum tree recently. Apart from this, I recently got a gardener to redo my backyard, and she's planted loads of flowers in the beds which I don't know the names of (apart from lavender).
&gt;“The volume of this consignment represents approximately 12.5 days’ worth of stock based on current demand,” This is the real eye opener. It seems crazy that we have to ship so much from so far every 12 days.
Did you water it at all?
Huh. I am not an expert, was just curious.
I guess he's personally waiting to get married or something.
The fucked up thing is that in most richer countries, this is free because healthcare is covered for in taxes. Not only are our citizens poorer in general, we are actually paying for healthcare out of our own pockets. We need massive investments in public healthcare in our country. It should be treated as how we have been treating electrification projects and open sanitation: we need good high quality public healthcare for all our citizens.
But that is what we need. we need to improve public healthcare rather than giving up and relying on private. We need funding, we need better standards. We can't just say.. oh this doesn't work in India and give up!
I think we're reaching a point where we don't need a mega thread or pinned thread for covid-19.
This is what happens if you ok the building of temple in babri site. Now they will come after many other mosques.
It won't affect anything. People lose passports all the time. But it's a very important document, especially once you have some visas, or if your immigration status in a country is listed on it. Getting visas reissued is a pain in the ass, so take great care of it. Never use it as ID unless no other ID is acceptable.
There are a lot of new revolut type MasterCard setups coming out. I keep seeing ads for them.
Even woodies have them if you have one near by.
Why are we using words like "standoff"? Standoff implies that both armies are holding up against each other and deadlocked. This isn't the case. China has already captured a significant part of Indian territory and we are doing nothing about it.
What a perfect metaphor.
My biggest issue with paying for toilets is that I hate carrying coins. They should have contactless/card payment.
Because I hate carrying cash, especially coins. Unless you live in a totalitarian state, the government doesn't really know all your bank transactions. At best, your bank knows about it, and they are also bound by lots of security measures. The police can get your data, but they need to provide a good enough reason for a warrant, and even this isn't openly shared across "the government". I know it can feel like that sometimes, but the entire world out there isn't one single entity, or even a group of entities who always work together. But I can understand why some Germans/Berliners feel this way... . Credit/Debit cards were invented while East Germany was still a totalitarian police state.
Sure, cash should always be an option. Cash being the only option is what frustrates me.
Have they tried asking the alarm company to contact the property owner?
For Dublin, it's showing our street based tram network, and even that has been expanded from what's shown on the map. We also have a local train network, but no "metro" per se.
Holy shit, how old is Minecraft? How old are you? How did time fly by so fast?
Because majority of BJP supporters blindly support them. There's a reason why they're called bhakts around here.
Just find a nice popular recipe online, and stick to it. Use weighing scales or measuring cups. You have to be quite accurate, unlike cooking which you can vary quantities according to your taste. And don't get disheartened if it doesn't work the first time. Baking bread is actually not that easy, especially if you're still not sure exactly what you're doing.. just try to figure out what mistake you made.. usually the yeast may not be fresh or the dough consistency might be wrong, or you didn't kneed enough. The results when it works are worth it though. There really is nothing like fresh bread.
Believe it or not, in most Indian cities, internet distribution is more about who has the biggest connections and muscle, rather than things like technology and legalities (anyone can figure this stuff out). It's cable mafia 2.0. Other folks will damage your routers and cut your cables if you encroach their "area".
I didn't get them like that.. I think they were roughly the same types of bricks bundled together. Interestingly, the first thing the instructions said was to open all the packets and organise the bricks according to colour, for making them easier to find.
The strange thing about this photo is this looks like any other random corner in Mumbai today.
That entire event was more namaste Coronavirus than anything else apparently.
Nope, that in itself doesn't do anything. In fact, that allows you to delete your data and identifiers when some app uses Google APIs for covid tracking.
How amazing would it be if these kinds of progressive changes actually came about politically and democratically from the majority of the population and their voted representatives rather than legal challenges to the law. I guess that would sign of real progress in the Indian populace, but maybe I'm expecting too much.. This will still be great, regardless of how it comes about.
Dude, no one was taught about lgbt acceptance in school or by govt anywhere the world ( except maybe in most recent decade). Not everything needs to be taught at school. People should be willing to open their minds and see what's going on around them and learn. If we have to put our entire world view based on what we learn in our schools, looking at our educational system, I'd say we are totally doomed.
Yep. There are probably only a few countries where it happened democratically. For example, in Ireland, it was passed by public referendum (in some ways, that's even more impressive than by being passed by elected representatives and politics).
They haven't published the app yet, right?
You should read up a bit about the technicalities of how these contact tracing apps will work. They will store data anonymously and distributed in individual phones rather than a central server. You also have full rights to opt out or get rid of your unique identifier and get a new one any time.
Gotta draw the line somewhere. Next someone will ask about other rentals. I actually don't think taxis should be allowed there too. It should ideally be only buses.
To be honest, this isn't something I'd consider to be fun at all. Would be pretty close to the bottom of my list.
I knew I wasn't imagining things. I am currently doing a rewatch and I thought I missed an episode because of this scene, but I don't remember missing any other part. It was driving me mad.
