A seatbelt doesn't impose a risk on others, therefore a seatbelt does not impose on its wearer the obligation to remain vigilant to potential threats. By bringing a weapon into any space, you've taken on yourself the obligation to remain vigilant. Persistent vigilance is harmful to your mental health, so most people who carry fail to maintain this obligation. That's why carrying a weapon increases your likelihood of dying from a gunshot. If the way that seatbelts worked was to counter any car that might threaten to run into you by blowing it up first, seatbelts would be a terrible idea for society, too.
Did you read the article? (jk, of course not) &gt;Now, the office is asking a judge to vacate that deal and return to negotiations. The standing charge is attempted murder, so yes, they brought back the attempted murder charge. Why are you upset that the DA did the thing you wanted the DA to do?
It's a chinese hoax
Looks like the basis was the ADA erroneously tagged the case as a first offense.
Mandatory hermitage.
I'm sure you believe that. Right up there with the impending collapse of society and the righteous imperative of shaking your fist at kids listening to hip hop.
Lol, k. So what you're saying is you know a bunch of people who are too stupid to realize they could double to triple their pay while *also* getting job stability and union representation? (or maybe you're just one of those guys who assumes everyone else is a moron and you're the long-suffering unappreciated genius who keeps the office running)
Layers! Start with a long-sleeve poly shirt. Add a polar fleece/wool sweater. Then add a winter coat. When I'm snowshoeing, I'm usually just down to the shirt, and add the fleece and coat when I stop.
Incredible that nobody was seriously hurt. That's such a huge fire. Shame, [it was a handsome building, too.](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.9782941,-75.2463279,3a,75y,313.83h,104.22t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sn1AmppnfOV_IwHJpgfNalg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) E: not sure if its that building or [this building.](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.9792567,-75.2462302,3a,75y,53.47h,111.91t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sne32DMzQD-GbLX06vU1ryw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) Either way, both are pretty good lookin'.
Awesome that NPR picked up reporting from /u/dgambacorta, one of Philly's best local writers. Very glad the story is getting some national attention.
Posting in a right-wing conspracy theorist's self-promoted thread for a brand new website that primarily focuses on national politics and weirdly has one article about hyper-local municipal politics? Who is Duane Norman, are they actually Chris Sawyer, and what's their actual daily username on this sub?
Oh hey, I've been taking a break from this sub. But since I never said that, I figured I'd just remind you that this fits into our regular pattern: 1. You read the news and get upset 2. Based on those emotions, you make a post overstating your argument about what went wrong 3. I disagree with your overstatement and correct it, usually linking to the underlying facts 4. You assume that my correction is a disagreement with the 'rightness' or 'wrongness' of your argument and ignore the specific points of my comment to argue with the broader implications of the strawman you've erected 5. Repeat, for the last few years Google exists, link me to a comment where I asserted the city wouldn't lose money on this deal. Otherwise, the bag of dicks is over there --&gt; *Bon apetit*.
Well it's not *that* simple. There's still one important question: how do we make money off these rubes?
Step 5.
Absolutely fresh take. That's like Stephen King in the 80s on cocaine levels of creative punditry.
Lol, enjoy that 'squeaky clean' small-town government...
The point of the accountability is to prevent it from being misspent.
It's a classification, not an 'award.' Virtually every large commercial building is LEED certified these days.
This is their old [GBC scorecard](https://www.usgbc.org/projects/lincoln-financial-field) from when they were certified silver. Can't find the new gold one, but it gives an idea of where they got points and where they didn't.
&gt;**the American Acropolis** &gt;An acropolis (Ancient Greek: ἀκρόπολις, akropolis; from akros (άκρος) or akron (άκρον), "highest, topmost, outermost" and polis (πόλις), "city"; plural in English: acropoles, acropoleis or acropolises)[1][2] was in ancient Greece a settlement, especially a citadel, built upon an area of elevated ground—frequently a hill with precipitous sides, chosen for purposes of defense. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acropolis &gt;**the capitol mall** &gt;The National Mall was built on low, flat land surrounded by three waterways: the Potomac and Anacostia Rivers, and until the 1870s, Tiber Creek. During the 1800s, heavy rains and flooding frequently saturated the landscape, sometimes creating puddles the size of small ponds. Residents and visitors described the area as a swamp, particularly before the monuments and museums were built. A myth grew that the National Mall was built on swamp when, in fact, only part of the Mall was originally marshland or tidal plain. http://mallhistory.org/explorations/show/was-the-national-mall-built-on
True, and the economy's so good they're not even half as bitter.
You also have to consider the $168m in projected business-related taxes to the counterfactual business taxes associated with whatever would have happened in the inquirer building, had the city not bought it. It's a BS revenue number to claim outside the context of the inky bldg.
Hey, you're back to this account! That's fun.
I'd join the anti-death-penalty-for-assault-convictions movement.
Speaking strictly from the 'fucking around w/wood for cheap' school of furniture building and home repair, pallets suck; don't use pallets. Even with a proper demo bar, you'll spend more time prying them apart (only to have half the planks split on you) than you would working to earn a few bucks to buy cheapo 2x4s. A far better approach is to stalk residential construction site dumpsters, right around when they're framing the house. They'll toss out plenty of usable scraps of dimensional lumber. If you're really set on getting pallets, there's a guy at the corner of N 5th and Cecil B Moore who recycles pallets, he's probably got the best prices in town.
&gt;Detectives say a masked gunman walked into the shop and fired more than two dozen shots. &gt;By the time the gunman was finished, four men were injured. That is shockingly bad aim.
Upshot: move to the coastal Pacific NW, that's where projected climatological changes are least impactful in our lifetimes. But also, not the part that will be destroyed by the inevitable giant earthquake (stemming from the buildup of pressure in the cascadia subduction zone), since there's a not-so-slim chance that will happen in our lifetimes. Somewhere in the foothills, on stable soil and outside of the wash of potential rain/earthquake-driven landslides. Also, make sure you're safely isolated from the wildfires. On second thought, fuck it stay in bed.
You need [one of these](https://www.amazon.com/CGA-320-External-Adapter-Drinkmate-Machines/dp/B071KHDDCP) and one of these, and [one of these](http://www.phillyhomebrew.com/10lb-co2-tank.html) and you're good to go with a daily liter of seltzer for like a year. After that, it's like $20 for a CO2 refill. I did the super-nerd thing and put a seltzer tap in my kitchen counter.
You know, I've never been. I'd read about them earlier this year when they 'launched,' but now looking at [their facebook,](https://www.facebook.com/KensingtonToolLibrary/) I'm wondering if it ever actually materialized.
&gt;“Pornography is just a sexy shiny object, which distracts us,” Ley said This man has based his argument in first principles, I see. &gt;“If social conservatives on college campuses want to do something on sexual violence, they should start by centering survivors,” Friedman said. “This doesn’t center survivors at all. There are very few [survivors] who are calling for a porn Wi-Fi ban.” And if pro-lifers wanted to do something about the abortion rate, evangelicals would be voting in droves for subsidized day-care and family leave. It's never about the object, it's about the symbol. Puritans don't want a pure society, they want tools to create a clear stratification of the good from the evil. Can't be a saint unless you can compare yourself to a sinner.
&gt; Intended targets. This describes literally every murder. How you got to assuming drugs or theft is 100% bias.
Also, our old-ass basement stairs are 23" wide, so I have no idea how the dryer got down there. My expectation is that this dryer will ship-of-Theseus its way to the day the house finally gets torn down for Amazon HQ3.
I don't know why I never thought of that...
Cool, thanks! Totally, I have all the emergency stuff. Just would rather not have to break it out. &gt;there isn't too much exposure/time above treeline. Huh, I thought Colden had a lot of above-the-treeline time. Maybe I'll look at something else. Trying to keep it under 5 miles, though. Thanks!
Ew, dude.
Ah yes, another Catholic arch-conservative preaching the merits of religious absolutism and the inherent degeneracy of a society that isn't just as Catholic as him... I wonder what he'll have to say about the Jews? &gt;He has stated publicly that he considers modern Judaism to be a wicked ideology, but he condemns criticism of Jews based upon race. Ah, yeah, [there's](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._Michael_Jones) the good stuff...
It's funny how quickly you back away from the things you say as soon as your called on them: &gt;Isn't corruption pretty much a pre-req for being in Philly politics? My position: corrupt politicians are bad and should go to jail if there's evidence of corruption Your position: all Democrats are corrupt, but corruption is fine as long as you're owning the libs
For slightly more context, it's all about [who works there](http://www.phila3-0.org/team). Jon Geeting is pretty much Philly's closest approximation of Matt Yglesias: hyper-local evidence-based policy maven. If you're on twitter, you should follow him. That said, this article is basically just a rehosting of a little-known Philly-centric elections blog/project, [Sixty-Six Wards](http://www.sixtysixwards.com/home/the-turnout-funnel) by Jonathan Tannen. Also a great twitter follow. Philly 3.0's big focus last year was on driving new candidates and bigger turnout for local ward elections in order to push out some of the city's most absentee and old-school ward leaders.
This is great! We were on Algonquin that day, the wind was insane!
It also doesn't make it wrong, though. The arguments from the students in the article are based on disprovable assertions (i.e., that pornography use increases the incidence of violent sexual crimes specifically, and 'rape culture' generally). While the latter is a complex argument that needs to be assessed from multiple perspectives, the former is clearly not true, at least based on the evidence that exists. Moral arguments against pornography, on the other hand, require an agreed-upon moral basis. People's conceptions of their moral baseline is often fluid, relying on a combination of social values, ethical principles, and religion-based moral codes. Based only on your claim of being a devout catholic, I'm assuming your moral arguments against pornography are predicated on a church teaching that use of pornography is mental adultery, and therefore a sin against God and man. I'm not a catholic, and I don't believe in your God or your church's teachings. However, I have a moral baseline that relies on many common social values and ethical principles as yours. Where the church teaches that pornography is a sin against man is where an overlap with ethics occurs, in my opinion. To the extent that the use of pornography hurts an individual's relationships with their fellow humans (including intimate partners), it is well worth an exploration of how and why. My moral conclusion has been that when pornography use does not harm either the creators of the pornography, nor the relationships of the user of pornography, there is no ethical imposition on the user of pornography to abstain. Where there is a harm created, there is an imposition. Recognizing that the potential for harm does exist (and is, in fact, quite widespread), there is an ethical imposition to be a conscious consumer of pornography, and to ensure that your consumption of pornography does not in any way incentivize harm, either for the creators, or for the consumer's relationships. I will point out that this moral obligation is not different from our consumption of literally any other kind of intellectual or material goods. When you buy coffee, or oil, or textiles, or electronics, you should do your best to ensure that your consumption does not facilitate harms against the creators. When you consume alcohol, or marijuana, or gambling, or television, or rich foods, you should do your best to ensure that your consumption does not harm your relationships with your fellow man. When there are informational barriers that prevent you from knowing the true harms associated with your consumption (e.g., how do you know if these are sweatshop pants?), you should support political goals that make that information available, or eradicate the harms associated with that consumption. And finally, I will loop this back around to the article: prohibition is rarely the correct policy solution to prevent harms associated with consumption of any particular good. It doesn't work for alcohol, it doesn't work for drugs, and it wouldn't work for pornography. Sorry for the wall of text, cheers!
Hey, I appreciate your earnest response and apologize for not getting back to you, I was travelling. I laid out my approach to the question of 'morality' [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/philadelphia/comments/a666xd/college_students_want_to_fight_rape_culture_with/ec1t2bf/), but to your specific points regarding pornography: &gt;porn is destructive and you can find many studies that support my position Porn is just like any other product that humans consume to release endorphins. It can be consumed responsibly or irresponsibly, and even addictively. The existence of alcoholics does not impose on me an obligation to abstain. To directly rebut your point, there is not a scientific consensus that pornography consumption is harmful to humans or society. &gt;You seem to have hang ups with authoritative figures, specifically religious ones I am a liberal and believe in the rights of man including individual liberty. Authoritarians are the bane of liberal democratic society. Yes, I have hangups with authoritarians. &gt; Porn is also exploitative of women and relegates them to sex objects when they're truly givers of life and protectors of the family. Women are humans. They have no more obligation to serve a social role than male humans do. That means a woman has the choice to have a family or not. A woman has a choice to create pornography or not. Women have all the same rights and responsibilities as men. Porn can be and is often exploitative of women. See my other post for a discussion of the moral obligations on porn consumers to avoid the harms of exploitative pornography. &gt;You also seem to use a lot of thesaurus words to make a point when you and I both know that's unnecessary. Words exist to convey a specific meaning and tone. &gt;However I have found my life vastly improved after ridding myself of such things It is entirely possible that your life is improved once you ceased consuming something. This is a good thing you've learned about yourself. However it imposes no moral obligation on others to do so. I like to drink beers. Two of my uncles are alcoholics. These things are unrelated. &gt;Also ... I appreciate you saying that last part as I agree that I am probably wasting too much of my time trying to state my opinion and change those of others. I appreciate your self-reflection on this point. I really just challenged your initial comment because it included the "Stop watching porn" command. I'm a big believer in individual liberty, and as you rightly pointed out, I have a huge stick up my ass about religious authoritarianism. Blind abeyance to arbitrary rules is a useful organizing principle for lots of people's lives. For that reason, I suspect religions (and post-religious authoritarian fraternal organizations like The Proud Boys) are going to be a part of the human story for our entire time in the universe. Hope your weekend was good!
Arizona: the desert is cool, but not the coolest desert. Phoenix is eminiently skippable. Check out Flagstaff (up in the mountains) on the way to the Grand Canyon. New Mexico: Taos, taos, taos, taos. Santa Fe is super full of history. Read about the Peublo revolt before you go. Do you ski? Taos. The rio grande gorge is ... gorgeous. Montana: I don't have much to say, as I haven't been there in like 15 years. Glacier is obvs awesome, but it makes sense to hold off till later if you're working on backcountry camping skills. Louisiana: ew. What would I do with a week in the winter? Definitely some combination of cross-desert drive with planned day hikes along the way. Maybe fly to Phoenix, drive out to the grand canyon (It's the right time of year to do a big grand canyon hike), spend a day in Flagstaff (small college town, but chill vibe), head out east across the reservation (if you want more desert time, look into back roads, but make sure you're taking legal access routes). Skip Albuquerque, maybe take the mountain road up to Valles Caldera (always wanted to go there) on the way to Santa Fe. See the chisled statute and find Onate's missing foot! Maybe check out a pueblo like Acoma, or head to Taos for some skiing!
If you're interested in the topic, there's [an excellent book](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/25/books/review/jill-leovys-ghettoside.html) (with a terrible name) on the subject called Ghettoside. Whatever the cause, Philadelphia's homicide clearance rate hitting 32% indicates a clear failure. The fact that I don't hear Kenney or Ross talking about it indicates to me that they aren't taking the problem very seriously. I've lived here for only a few years, but I feel like this should be a career ending issue for either of them. (not on this sub, though; the five-year upward trend in homicide rates and five-year downward trend in clearance rates are clearly the fault of the district attorney elected last year).
How often does she talk about going places vs. how often does she wear nice jewelry?
Well that sucks/is nice.
&gt; you think all these dirtbags just lack conflict resolution skills? I mean, he's not wrong. He's just missing the broader point.
And we're allowed to call you repressed! Ain't democracy grand!
&gt; Elected officials here don’t want to elevate anyone out of poverty because they’d lose their voter base. Poverty pimping. That's nonsense right-wing talking points 101. Shift all the blame to the poor (well they elected Darrell Clarke, didn't they?) so you don't have to worry about it from the tax-rich suburbs. There's nothing even corrupt philly councilmen like Clarke and Johnson can do about the fact that Philly's property tax base will never provide the level of funding that would be necessary to give poor philly kids the educational opportunities that Lower Merion SD kids have. There's nothing that they can do about the level of state funding, either. So call out corruption and bad policy where it is (and there's plenty in Philly), but don't stoop to the level of the right-wing conspiracy nuts that Clarke and Blackwell and Johnson *want* their constituents to be poor. That's just BS.
My bike lane is hovering over the latest alt account you're using and pointing out how you're not a serious person to all the users you're trolling with your outlandish, bad-faith right-wing BS.
Great point. I'd also argue that failure to even publish a 2017 homicide report could be another indication of a systemic problem. But I'll take the PPD's numbers over some nutcase reddit commenter with motivated reasoning about how this is actually all Krasner's fault any day.
The current version of the legislation is great. My only problem is they set the tax at 12% rather than 25%.
i.e., reds, pinkos, and fellow travelers?
&gt; I have considered a bike but for me its mostly about the cold. Get yourself good gloves and good head/ear coverings and you'll find the cold isn't really a problem. Once you're moving, your body heat will keep you plenty warm. For example, last night (~30 degrees) I was fine in just a normal sweater and one of those uniqlo ultralight down jackets. By the time I got home, I'd unzipped both to ventilate. The best investment I ever made was some gore-tex mittens; they keep your hands 100x warmer than gloves with individual fingers. For the face, my wife wears a big scarf to cover her face and ears. When it's really sub-zero temps, I'll wear a balaclava.
Yeah, it's a bad headline; I think the headline writer was trying to capture the point that there wasn't a trial, so we didn't get to learn what investigators found about his background. But that's just a guess.
Hey bro, I heard you like cheese on your carbs so I melted some cheese on your carbs.
What? I didn't say I don't believe road rage never happens, I'm expressing surprise that OP has experienced such extreme road rage.
It's more about the cult-like mantra that you need a gun to defend yourself and your family, and if you don't have one you're being irresponsible as a *man*. Despite oodles of statistics showing that owning a gun makes you more likely to die by gunfire, people still fall for this nonsense. And then some small fraction of them lose their shit and make the biggest mistake of their lives.
I'm all for giving not-shitty famous men credit for being not-shitty, but 1) gritty ain't that, and 2) she very quickly veered off of the actual people to talk about the characters they portray. I love the new yorker and I love gritty and it upsets me greatly that this was such a bad article.
&gt; Look at dudes who smile and play football for 10 years and then go kill their girlfriends over petty dumb shit TBF, there's increasing evidence that this is an outcome of widespread TBI among football players.
So is the lady on green shirt dude's team? Tall guy has cool boots.
Is anybody even working today? Clients are out. Coworkers are out. Boss is out. Government is shutting down. Even goddamn winter is taking the day off.
Patterson had prior felony convictions, so no, it was not legal to own, full stop. Universal background checks would have either prevented him from acquiring the gun, or we'd be holding the person who illegally sold it to him accountable right now.
Yussss
Oh cool! I've always wanted to play with those machines. I don't even think about insulation because we have literal gaps in our walls in some places. It's next year's problem (where next year is current_year + 1)
Not a surprise given that the best measure of how well he's doing his job -- the homicide clearance rate -- has plummeted from the mid-70s to the low 30s over the last five years. If you aren't doing your job well, you shouldn't keep your job. Granted, the issue may be systemic (i.e., homicide detectives might be underfunded), but I have no insight into that.
To answer your question more honestly, I don't mind killing trees when their death has a purpose (e.g., carrying your groceries). I do mind killing trees for meaningless pagan ceremonies that could just as easily not kill trees.
I know, but I like trees. I don't like watching a tree grow for four or five or six years only to put it in the corner for a few weeks watching it slowly die. It's a waste of a beautiful thing.
Yeah, but you bet on the GOP winning the house...
&gt;Whatever on your mind yo I'm back at work today, but I'm not really here at all. Wednesday's gonna be a sonofabitch. Pretty sure I promised a deliverable on Friday, and I still haven't done all my end-of-year admin chores. Spent the last three-to-four days waking up at like 10, cleaning the basement all day, and staying up till 3 drinking scotch with the wife &amp; dogs. It's the vacation nobody knew we needed. Wednesday's gonna be a real sonofabitch. &gt;Your best of 2018 Philadelphia moments [I looked through my top posts of 2018](https://www.reddit.com/r/philadelphia/comments/ab729y/best_of_2018_thread/ecy9e1h/) and based just on votes, Mike Pence's visit in June (during the child separation protests) got the most clicks. Personally, I think /u/nick964's ["The Gang Goes to the Superbowl"](https://twitter.com/nicky_robby/status/955986469574926339) was the best OC. Most memorable was definitely redwoodser's doxxing another user, getting profiled in PhillyVoice, and having a full-scale breakdown.
How do you know what "the actual users want?" You're just one person. &gt;They're not respectful Says the person who's proactively still making fun of someone over something they said a month ago. Like, every day. How much of your mental energy are you taking up with these schoolyard fights? &gt;I never said all good or all bad. Actions &gt; words. Every time.
&gt;HAHAHA. "Poverty Pimping" is not racist. Sure, it's just the *preferred* talking point of the neo-nazi set these days. But why wouldn't I take a brand new, ban-evading alt account's word for it? &gt;I want to hold all government employees accountable Cool, so you agree we should fire police who are demonstrably bad at their jobs, just like I agree we should fire politicians who are demonstrably bad at their jobs. See how reasonable people can be if you don't start by tossing around white supremacist talking points?
It is used by racists to malign the motivations of black people they don't like. Nobody accuses white Appalachian politicians of "poverty pimping" their poor white constituents, despite behaving largely in the same way that Darrell Clarke does. For the same reason that "pimp" = black in the popular consciousness, corrupt/incompetent black politicians can't simply be "bad" they have to be "evil." When a corrupt incompetent white politician panders to poor people, we call it economic anxiety. When a corrupt incompetent black politician panders to poor people, racists call it 'poverty pimping'.
Asking the question won't get you downvoted. Spamming "wHy dO PeoPLe StILl vOTe DeMOcrAt" will. As will spawning a new throwaway every three weeks and spamming about how Krasner is to blame. Discussions of practical solutions usually get pretty good feedback around here. They're just not very common because they require effort, and shitposting doesn't. As for how to solve the problem, lets look at the causes: &gt;"We got a 93-percent increase in motives that are related to drugs in homicide," Ross said in an interview Tuesday as the number of killings reached 333, the highest since 2007. "That's significant. And so clearly for us, that's probably the biggest problem." [Ross blames the increase in drug trafficking](https://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Philadelphia-Homicides-Spike-503021831.html) for much of the increase in violence. If you follow Christopher Moraff on twitter (@cmoraff) he's been dilligently following the moving and shaking of the illicit drug trade in Philly for years. He's recounted numerous cases of small-ball turf fights that turned into murders, as well as the systemic pressures that cause conflict and [shake up established turf](https://twitter.com/cmoraff/status/927243815093784577). Another problem is [the huge turnover in homicide detectives and lack of resources means that police are solving record few murders](https://whyy.org/articles/philly-police-60-percent-of-murders-investigated-in-2018-remain-unsolved/). That means in most cases, murderers get away scot free (and free to do it again). Clearance rates are even lower for shootings that don't result in a death. IMO, those are the two most important problems to tackle, and Kenney (and Ross) has largely been silent on them. Kenney kicked over an additional 20 homicide detectives last year, but that's hardly solved the problem. This is an issue that he should be challenged on in the primary.
He's virtually certain to be challenged, and most likely not on the subject of violent crime. If you're interested in material change, find a candidate you think is right on this issue and get in touch. The Philly primary is just spinning up and a remarkably small number of activated volunteers/donors can make a big difference at this point.
And started commenting today. Mazel tov!
What conspiracy theory? I just stated facts. A theory would be to accuse you of using this as an obvious alt account, but that would just be silly. Who would go to that much trouble to obsess over petty reddit drama? My real problem is the notion of "whip[ing] this sub into shape." What does that mean to you? What failures have the current mods evinced? Please be specific, since as we all know talk is cheap (esp. with brand new accounts).
Honest question related to this, though: when is it appropriate or not appropriate to criticize someone's actions in this sub? In multiple threads today (and in their flair) the above user's been mocking another user's comments. What's the line between that and harassment? And more importantly, if they aren't harassing the other user, then how is my criticism harassment? I didn't intend for this to be a general discussion, but since you introduced the concept, I'd really (honestly, not sarcastically) appreciate your thoughts on this. What's harassment, what's not, and when will you ban users for it?* *I'm not asking for anyone to be banned here, just clarity on the rules as you seek to enforce them.
Pandering on simple narratives that gratify the audience is easy and feels good. That's why libertarians are usually people who have had a tremendous number of advantages in life and get really aggravated when you ask them how much their public education cost.
I agree that's usually the case. But I can imagine a situation where a university bears some liability for negligence (for example, if the university offers 'free counselling' but the counselling turns out to staffed by non-professionals).
Nobody's suggesting they lose their right to free speech. Professionalism is moderated by the profession. Racist cops on Facebook should be fired. Easy peasy.
&gt; You said firing them was easy peasy Ah, there's the misunderstanding. I'm saying it's an easy peasy determination that they *should* be fired, professionally speaking. Not that there aren't current bureaucratic barriers to doing so.
Biking is neither inherent to you as a person, nor are bikers a class of individuals with a long history of official oppression by authorities. Ignorance is not the same as hatred; if an officer expressed ignorance of an issue, that's correctable through training. However, if a police officer expressed indifference to your safety as a biker due to their irrational and systematic hatred of anyone who rides a bike, then it would absolutely merit firing since they clearly lack good judgment. But back to the point: what are expressions that you would deem racist but don't rise to the level of fatally undermining public trust in an officer's ability to perform their duties with fairness and equanimity?
&gt;I don't think all expressions rise to the level of undermining public trust. Like what? What's an expression of racism that doesn't undermine public trust? If I were to steel-man your argument, *I think* what you're getting at is that not all expressions of racial bias or use of offensive terms automatically merits firing. And I would agree, but only because an expression of racial bias does not inherently connote racism. For example, a sharing a tweet or a meme about asian women being bad at driving is offensive and biased (and merits disciplinary action), but it doesn't inherently speak to the mindset of the person making the joke. However if the officer wrote an original joke or created an original meme with that content, it would be a much stronger indication of their actual disposition towards women of asian descent. Of course I'm assuming that's what you mean here, but this is why I ask for an example.
All hail king shoprite. Also, pan-asian groceries.
The whole catalog is put together as a campy feel, but this fireside waxing method seemed thematically appropriate for this sub. [Full catalog here.](https://www.sheldonbrown.com/bridgestone/1992/1992.pdf)
"just get gatorskins brah"
Where in Texas is the crucial question. Philly is one of the few true North American walking cities. It's truly a beautiful thing.
Given that ~60% of people are working and most of those that aren't are going to school or generally leaving the house during the day, I'd say it has to be more rooms. Even if a lot of people share rooms for sleeping, everyone has access to a bathroom. Most people have access to a separate living room/dining room/kitchen. The average household in Philly is [2.57 persons](https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/philadelphiacountypennsylvania). Even if you ignore rooms outside the home, you're probably getting more rooms than people just from housing.
found the pee tosser.
Biden's actual plan as barely any more details than the GND. Once you get past "bring back Obama-era regulatory initiatives," it's all target-setting.
Just call it a corporate carbon tax.
I mean, worse, lots of people just don't believe polluting is bad.
...plus the cash for the money order.
&gt; The city claims they care about access for poor people, but which services do the poor need? Do they need to get a drivers license or a $12 salad from sweetgreen? Why does a bad state policy make the city's policy bad? Your logic makes no sense here.
PennDOT's DL center is a nightmare, even for people with access to credit cards. There's literally a [convenience store](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Liberty+Food+Market/@39.9528309,-75.1532202,3a,75y,290.68h,82.14t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sv37xXh5Z4FG3ZiOBSxwy1g!2e0!7i16384!8i8192!4m8!1m2!2m1!1sdrivers+license+office!3m4!1s0x89c6c881f4933301:0xbaa0962f927f6577!8m2!3d39.9530623!4d-75.1533046) across the street fromt he 8th and Arch DL Center that has a line of people all day every day getting money orders. This article claims the DL Centers take "payment cards," but the last time I was there, they only took checks and money orders. [This is also what PennDOT's website says](https://www.dmv.pa.gov/Information-Centers/Payment/Pages/default.aspx). Why is it important that Philly not be able to fix asinine state policies?
&gt; Those things are already available with cash, the city policy will only have an impact on a few businesses that sell things that largely don't impact the poor. But you just said cashless is the future. If this law isn't preventing any businesses from going cashless *otherwise*, then cashless obviously isn't the future.
&gt;Car safety standards are something that everyone needs. I don't own a car. They have no bearing on me right now. &gt;The target market for the few companies that are cashless today don't need a cash option. ... &gt;both the public and private sectors globally are moving toward cashless... Philly banning cashless would make it not in our city's future but is just an example of us falling behind the times Either the law has no effect on stores that currently take cash, or it has an effect. Pick one.
Or if we could just catch the people doing the crimes in the first place. It is not a surprise that our growing homicide rate corresponds perfectly with our collapsing homicide clearance rate.
How about people who are for unions generally but against corrupt unions?
PPD catches 1/3rd of murderers.
I suspect the problem is too few detectives and support staff, although if you ask Ross, the problem was the head of the homicide detectives division.
TBF, traffic enforcement really is the only appropriate place for National Socialism in contemporary advanced democracies.
Why can't I bribe them in cash now?
PFT teachers get paid more than private sector/non-union counterparts in the same jurisdiction and the union is not corrupt. Sounds like it's working to me.
Councilmanic prerogative must die.
Politics!
That's silly. If the presence of cash were the only problem, why wouldn't I just bribe store clerks to not ring up a big purchase? Why couldn't I just bribe the clerk with an envelope of cash? If that were an actual concern, you could mitigate it the way lots of other states (and IIRC the passport office) do: separate the clerk reviewing documents at the window from the cashier who handles payments at the end.
So the union's a failure if the salaries are too low, but it's also a failure if the salaries are too high?
Holy shit that's a good point, I didn't realize the exchange rate had grown so disparate.
It is too bad. It would be good if the city could force PennDOT to change their policies.
Gawd wouldn't it be horrible if you had to hear about gay people being people all year?
The courts thing is gonna be a real problem. The county's fucked.
Councilmanic prerogative is just a "norm" that gives deference to district councilmembers on bills that affect their district. So if Kenney signed off on these bills, it would be an act of councilmanic prerogative. Since he's a creature of city council, I suspect he's likely to.
This is a capitalist democracy. When those holding some of the levers of power (corporations) signal virtue by embracing gay people as valid members of society, it is an explicit rejection of those who seek to exclude them as valid members of society (i.e., some elected officials and community leaders). In other words, you're not the target audience. People who live in communities that reject them for their sexual orientation are. Just because it's not cool or edgy to you doesn't mean it's not good and beneficial for society.
I prefer to remain in the "I've heard of cumtown, I have no idea what it is, and I would like to keep it that way" camp.
An excellent account of one of this city's [unsung heros](https://highline.huffingtonpost.com/articles/en/gun-violence/)
&gt; Edit: why am I not surprised that you stopped responding and refuse to acknowledge that other people have a better grip on their own life experiences than you, a neoliberal cis male? Hahaha, holy shit. Thank god you know everything about me. Otherwise you might have to read the actual words that I write... It's remarkable that we've gotten to the point that exclusionary cultural gatekeeping (anonymously online, nonetheless!) is more important to someone like you than actually working toward institutional change, but here we are. Overall, I'd say it's a good thing that you have the time and emotional capacity to focus on complete non-issues like corporate appropriation of gay symbols (and the bastards on the internet that don't think it's that big of a deal!) rather than life-or-death issues like healthcare access, and other institutional abuses of the state. &gt;And guess what? These people are pissed off by corporations Oh hey, *my* identity precludes me from knowing anything about anybody, but *your* identity lets you casually throw around phrases like "these people" while speaking for a broad array of diverse individuals with diverse experiences. Cool, guy. &gt;to people like you who will blindly defend their virtue signalling bullshit. Lol, I repeatedly called it cynical appropriation. That's "blindly defending" to you? But no, tell me again how I'm a normie cis white guy and this disqualifies my argument. You're accomplishing something! This is productive!
Oh wow, you're right! Google hasn't updated the satellite view! Looks like [more than a mile](https://imgur.com/Hq2zcwV) now.
[Just don't touch the homophobes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8N0SFdDNug) and you'll be fine.
&gt; Have they considered a trade instead of babies at 15, and being in a gang? Why do you presume that latina girls all have babies at 15 and join gangs? Don't you think that's extremely prejudiced, let alone inappropriate given the discussion of mental health and suicide?
Why not just let asylum seekers work normal jobs? Why create a separate make-work program for people who are prohibited from working normal jobs?
What are you stereotyping, though?
Look, don't get me wrong, I love cold temperatures. I'm just trying to figure out why my wife (who starts to panic at 20 degrees) insists on wearing a thin wool button-down 'coat' over a sweater at that temperature. Sure, you can layer in Philly, but people don't. Look around on the coldest day of the year, and you'll see people implicitly living the lie that 0 degrees is the same as 30 degrees.
[Nationally,](https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/statistics/suicide.shtml) women attempted suicide more frequently than men, and whites and hispanics were the least likely races to attempt suicide, with American Indians/Alaska Natives, Blacks, Asians, and people identifying as two or more races being more likely to attempt suicide than either whites or hispanics. However, men are drastically more likely to succeed at suicide, which is why suicide rates skew towards men. The difference in success rates is primarily because men are much [more likely to use guns](https://injuryprevention.bmj.com/content/15/5/322) to commit suicide. Granted, that's nationally, and doesn't speak to the statistics in Philly, but I've never seen anything saying that white men are most likely to attempt suicide in Philly.
This is what happens when people don't fear consequences. You let two thirds of murderers get away with it, you're going to get more shootings. You let witnesses get killed, you're going to have witnesses stop talking. You let shooters get away without even facing arrest, the people they shot at are going to shoot back. It's not about the death penalty or how long they go to jail, it's not about charges. It's just about whether or not they'll even get arrested. Right now the answer is "probably not."
Alternatively, another way of saying that is 'worse at integrating.'
The projection in the article is at the extreme high end of the physically possible range by 2100. Based on what we know now, it will probably be lower.
What did New York do? Compstat? [Did that] (http://inquirer.philly.com/packages/crime/html/121198.asp). Stop &amp; frisk? [Still policy](https://www.aclupa.org/news/2018/11/20/after-seven-years-report-shows-philadelphia-police-continue). There's no silver bullet that solved NYC's crime problem. We still don't know what caused the crime wave to break in the 90s.
No idea why this is being downvoted.
The District Attorney Office's homicide conviction rate is above 90%. It has been across multiple DA's. In 2013 the homicide clearance rate was above 70%. It is now below 40%. That doesn't mean that individual officers or detectives are bad or incompetent individuals (although, it might mean that). What it means is that as a government agency, PPD is failing at one of its key jobs. Philly schools currently graduate ~80% of students from high school. If that fell to less than 50% over the course of five years, parents would be burning down city hall. And yes, I do think we should hold both Commissioner Ross and Mayor Kenney accountable for this.
Pass *me*, will you? Insult *my* honor?! I'll destroy your bloodline for three generations!! \*blows stop sign and hits cyclist*
Yeah, I figured it was higher this year - I couldn't remember the exact number. But given that it was over 1m/year in the bush years, it's still odd to me that this is the primary political concern of the Trump administration.
The homicide clearance rate means that PPD arrested a person. It does not mean that they were convicted. The conviction rate means that out of the cases where someone was charged, they were convicted. If there are 100 murders, and PPD only arrests 33 people, you have a homicide clearance rate of 33%. If out of those 33 cases, the DA's office gets convictions in 30, the homicide conviction rate is 91%.
lol what? &gt;They knew exactly what they were doing, sorry. ... &gt;They know exactly what they’re doing. Nobody said they didn't know what they were doing. Why are you arguing with a nonsense strawman?
Getting angry about criminals has no impact on the material world, just your cortisone levels, and subsequently your long-term health. Not caring about consequences is a direct result of not understanding them. There's decades of evidence proving this. Teenagers don't make rational choices. It doesn't matter if it makes you upset. Your anger means nothing here.
lol, thanks. you too man. Everyone is motivated by reasons. If their reasons are irrational, it's because they don't fully understand the underlying reasons. It's entirely possible that these kids are sociopathic sadists and their decisions were rational because they derive a tremendous amount of pleasure from inflicting suffering on other people. But in reality, true sociopaths are rare relative to kids with underdeveloped brains that don't properly balance risk and reward.
The quote was: &gt; As others said, they don't give a fuck. As in, they aren't concerned with the costs. The costs primarily include the criminal penalties associated with committing a violent felony. Moreover these costs are rationally balanced against the reward of a mystery backpack that they didn't even take. &gt;I do think that teenagers are aware that punching someone has the potential for criminal charges. This is a general point and not one specific to this individual case &gt;They may not believe that those consequences could ever come about to them in particular, but the same can be said for adults who get behind the wheel of a car after drinking or whatever. That sounds like someone who doesn't fully understand the consequences of their actions to me... &gt;but they don't think that's going to happen to them. That's called risk tolerance. Extreme low risk aversion is a well known mental deficiency of teenagers. A lot of this probably boils down to semantics about how people are reading the word 'understand.' The problem isn't people who disagree rationally, the problem is users who see a comment and react angrily as if any discussion of a criminal's mental state or capacity is a *de facto* argument in support of their moral goodness. Some people just need their daily outrage fix.
I think a lot of people read your comment as a lot more negative than you maybe meant it? Like, air pollution, lead exposure, and traffic safety are much bigger threats to most philadelphians than spiders and snakes. But when it comes to violence, anyone who's comfortable with the street safety situation in NOLA is going to be just fine in philly.
&gt; Mods would do a great service by banning trolls Full stop.
&gt; Lmfao, how could you know if you’ve never lived there.. Wait, where? Philly? I live in Philadelphia. &gt;Philly ranks middle to lower end of the pack for annual income, quality of life, population, and value index, not to mention its filthy, even in a lot of the higher income areas I mean, *I'm* not low-income, so that really doesn't affect me. Yes there's trash on the ground, but my house didn't cost $1m like it did in DC, so at least I have some spending money...
Jokes and honestly-held legitimate arguments (even when extremely unpopular) are always fine, IMO. But if the joke/argument isn't serious and/or is designed to trigger anger/outrage, that's just a waste of everyone's time. The thing is, there's a couple users on the spectrum between those two, who think that posting extreme/outrageous versions of their argument, and then backing into 'it's just a joke, bro' defenses are the same thing as making a legitimate argument. When the mods allow that kind of behavior to persist, those users are encouraged to do it more. No, it's not a moderator's job to teach users how to make coherent arguments to defend their points, but inconsistent enforcement of R11 and R12 across all threads are probably the biggest contributing factors to users who troll serious posts.
And now that Billypenn is part of it, they have Max Marin, too. WHYY has the Philly investigative reporting powerhouse.
We need more detectives, full stop.
The problem with your theory is that it makes too much sense. Try thinking with your heart instead: people who buy new houses aren't me, so that must be bad for me.
Ooh, hot take. I've never heard the "white flight is actually black people's fault" argument before.
Imagine believing in your values so little that losing that one time made you walk away from them.
Oh, so we agree: Philly Republicans have abandoned any effort at trying to improve the city through advocating their values and concerned themselves with cynically profiting off of corruption.
So funny you mention that. I honestly only remembered that the triangle is spread because I happened to see that video earlier today after watching his vid on aligning dropouts. I don't think I've changed the tire/tube on my beater bike in ~5 years (shit yeah, conti tour rides), so it's been a while since I had to fight to get the wheel back on.
What do you mean you can't fix my 18-year old Manitou fork?
Honestly, I don't think there's a more annoying noise than idling trucks. Makes my jaw clench.
Fuck [litterbugs](https://imgur.com/ALx2lQQ)
If your older kid is there it makes sense to let the younger kids go there.
I love that this is currently at the top of/r/neoliberal and/r/climatememes. Fuck suburbs
You should reflect on how all of this negative energy you're directing toward is based on a simple disagreement. What's more, you haven't really engaged in a discourse here; you've only made self-validating presumptions about the legitimacy of my life experiences and used that to call into question the credibility of my argument. Life isn't twitter, and I'm a real human being. At some point I hope you'll realize the only one you're hurting with all this anger is yourself.
In 1990, Cambria and Somerset counties tried to form an inter-county government (called an Environmental Improvement Compact) using an obscure part of Pennsylvania law. It was a ballot measure, but it lost by a margin of about 5:1. As far as I know, no other communities before or since have ever tried to use this section of PA law.
Totally. The PA provision that allows these kinds of inter-governmental organizations limits their taxing authority, though, so it's all pretty tame from a bureaucratic scope perspective.
There are well-reported cases of high-profile witnesses being assassinated years before Krasner was elected. The collapse in homicide clearance rates happened from 2013-18. Krasner is a convenient distraction for a PPD that's utterly failing to hold shooters accountable.
&gt; Blacks are the ones voting in incompetent leaders Ah yes, let's never forget that Brian O’Neill's food truck ban is the most important solution to poverty and crime. Nah, dude, you're just focusing on "dumb black people" because reason?
Lol, this is pretty much the perfect example of a racist comment that the mods will somehow find a way to justify keeping up. We have a thread about gun violence, which predictably brings out the alt accounts screaming about how the "dumb blacks" are "setting us back." Nah man, that's just racism.
... "slap on the wrist" is getting pretty stretched at this point.
I can't imagine the doublethink it would require to simultaneously think that people should legally be allowed to carry semiautomatic handguns on their persons and that this kind of petty-argument-turned-mass-shooting is somehow avoidable.
Would you say the cause is genetic?
So you didn't vote, but you are complaining about who won. Cool.
I think Krasner has fucked up a lot of things, but he simply isn't dropping murder charges. He just isn't.
Haha, how is that disingenuous? I dislike public ownership of handguns and wish they were illegal. It's not deceptive, you just don't like it. &gt;Essentially all handguns are semiautomatic or an equivalent. There's a fundamental technological difference between double-action revolvers and magazine-fed semi-auto pistols that makes the kind of massacre that happened yesterday harder to pull off. (inb4: 'but blah blah with enough training blah blah they're the same thing...')
Look, I used to be right there with you. I used to think stop and frisk worked. It just doesn't. The numbers prove it. This is a move on and find a new theory issue.
&gt; The same thing that could be accomplished with a magazine capacity limit? Yes, except that 1) magazine capacity limits are far easier to circumvent than the physical capacity of a revolver drum, 2) reload cycles are much slower (inb4, but some weirdos in texas practice reloading real fast look at this youtube!) &gt;There is no practical technological difference between double-action and semiautomatic. Except the specific one you already identified, as well as the difference in trigger pull, which significantly impairs the aim of untrained shooters (which most violent criminals are). &gt;Proponents of a state monopoly on force like to use the term "semiautomatic" to scare the uninformed Your paranoia knows no bounds. That's what the guns are called, by the people who make, sell, own, and use the guns, you kook. &gt;It is especially disingenuous here, where all handguns are essentially identical in function Except that double-action revolvers are safer for the public than semiautomatic handguns in two critical ways. Not nearly as safe as single-action revolvers, though.
Lotta applicants, gotta screen. Even if it's not an effective screen, it's *probably* not a counter-effective screen.
And shockingly, you're not the person I'm worried about.
You call 911. They send FD. FD will say whether collapse is imminent or not (almost certainly not), and FD will call L&amp;I. The purpose to calling the cops is that it stops work until an actual inspector with sufficient expertise can take a look. Everyone before that is just guessing.
&gt;You are informed enough to know that the city can't do much to change gun laws and that significant legislation limiting concealed carry is extremely unlikely at the state and national levels. You're not really responding to my initial comment, you're responding to an argument I haven't articulated here and which you haven't explained. I haven't claimed the city can do anything meaningful to change gun laws. I haven't claimed that limiting concealed carry is likely at the state or national level. But I take issue with your characterization of me as an ideologue unconcerned with what's possible, since what I criticized was /u/sputnik_steve's internal thought process.
&gt;Essentially every handgun, with the exception of the novelty flintlock pistols we rarely see, is semiautomatic or has a cycling system with nearly identical practical functionality to semiautomatic. I have repeatedly drawn explicit differences between single-action revolvers, double-action revolvers, and semiautomatic handguns. You're the one who keeps trying to conflate these well-known categories of guns. &gt;The only reason to use that term in that discussion is because there is currently a buzz to try to restrict Americans' right to own semiautomatic rifles. I don't support an AWB, and I've used technically accurate terminology about guns since I learned about guns in boyscouts. Your paranoia notwithstanding, literally nobody is triggered by technically accurate terms like semiautomatic. &gt;You came back into the discussion and incorrectly stated that I was wrong You *are* wrong about the terminology, you're wrong about the drum/magazine capacity, you're wrong about reloading time, and you're wrong about trigger pull. You're only arguing with a different user because you know you're wrong.
Hahaha, because you're points were rebutting points I didn't make! I'm actually laughing, thanks.
&gt;If your initial comment was actually about magazine capacity, and wasn't just a pivot when your disingenuous language was called out, why did you not make issue with magazine capacity at the outset? It wasn't, it was about semiautomatic handguns. All of them. &gt; You've failed to provide any information about the difference in fire rate between a double action revolver and a semiautomatic handgun. Because I never made that argument, and I know that the limiting factor on fire rate in most circumstances has nothing to do with the technical capabilities of the gun itself! &gt;You're advocating for Constitution amendments to a natural right. There's no such thing as a natural right, it's just a philosophical invention that's used by ideologues and people in positions of power to justify their will.
&gt; I wasn't responding to you Hahaha, that's rich.
Our renovations have forced my wife's jungle out of the bay windows and into the back yard. They are *loving* the weather currently. We also found someone's abandoned, half-dead something or other (looks like a palm trunk, but each leaf is just one single broad blade) on the side of the road and have been nursing it back. Poor guy just didn't get any water.
It is very challenging to follow [Lael's instagram](https://www.instagram.com/Laelwilcox/) and not email my colleagues and loved ones announcing my intention to immediately abandon my current life and become an ultra-endurance cyclist.
Then you call the cops.
[The remake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gggQtG8hgKY) is probably a more likely depiction of teens.
Realistically, what's going to happen is: * They will annoy park patrons, who will complain * Staff won't know how to fix the timing issues * They will just get turned off one day, and nobody will ever turn them back on * Nobody will care (except the vendor who made off like a bandit with yours and my tax dollars) I'm all for public agencies trying new things, and I recognize that bureaucratic processes can be slow and frustrating, but this kind of shitshow is exactly why we have opportunities for public feedback.
Karma ain't a race, it's a journey
No problem, I hope everything works out for you. We had almost an identical situation with a new house a few years ago. Electricians came in after we moved in everything to do a complete rewire. Their dust mitigation was minimal, and we only realized that popcorn ceilings were PACMs after they'd torn tons of it up and spread dust everywhere (fortunately there was no asbestos in it). But suffice it to say, I can appreciate the absolute terror of realizing you may have just contaminated your entire house and all your belongings with asbestos.
I'm in my mid-30s and I can hear it, plus now both my dogs are barking. Congrats to Michael Gibson for managing to sell a completely worthless piece of crap to the parks department.
I have a new summer cocktail for you goons, it's an amazingly refreshing way to get summer-evening drunk: * 1 oz bourbon/rye (depending on your preferences in manhattans) * 2 oz sweet vermouth (IMO Noilly Prat is best, but also to taste) * Dash Angostura * Stir in ice, then strain into tall glass with four-six ice cubes * Add ~5 oz seltzer (no, not flavored seltzer) * Garnish with citrus rind (your choice; grapefruit is great; not lime) It's basically an inverse manhattan spritzer, the emphasis on vermouth is important because it gives it an almost coca-cola vibe, while providing a much fuller flavor profile, and with only a fraction of the sweetness. I call her Long Tall Sally.
I haven't read all the other comments here, but my sense is that you need a real professional to tell you what's salvageable. I'm betting not just any abatement contractor is going to have the requisite knowledge.
I got a cocktail tailored special for the exacting demands of your liquor cabinet: * 2 oz Old Granddad Whiskey (or whatever you have on hand, it doesn't matter) * 1 bottle cold-but-not-cold-enough Yeungling Lager * 1 wedge lime Put it in a plastic cup and enjoy. It's called a Rumpus Room.
Sorry, I wasn't very clear - what I meant to say is that in my very limited experience, some abatement contractors are just checking the boxes on regulations, while others have extensive knowledge of how asbestos behaves once it's airborne, or once other surfaces are exposed. Because your situation is so complicated, I would be wary to make sure you get the latter kind and not the former kind.
Oof. We just gave the dogs a hose-down. They hated it.
As I always tell my dogs when they get home from the park, the wages of mud are hose.
Shit it's cocaine. Sell it and use 90% of the money to fund the schools and 10% of the money to fund nightly outdoor DJ sets in Love Park.
Hear hear!
Denver cops have so little to do they're issuing cyclists speeding tickets for exceeding 15mph.
Nah it's a video.
I imagine shit changes a lot with kids but right now a week on some boring hot beach island sounds like hell.
Amtrak's response is telling. This guy has an insane vendetta against Amtrak. I'm extremely skeptical that Amtrak's strategic plan is to bankrupt regional rail operators then sell their assets to developers... Amtrak is extremely sensitive to public opinion, since any one angry congressperson can make their life a living hell.
No, the mods are a diverse group, however several of them are friends with loudmouthed absurd cultural reactionaries who think that the people stating "black people are the reason Philadelphia is bad" couldn't possibly be racist. But while I knew that, I didn't expect they'd be so sensitive to any criticism that they'd abuse mod tools like muting.
Yeah, it looked really good.
I'm open to bets.
... how did the police intercept them between their landing zone and the summit?
That was *after* insisting they weren't Nazi tattoos (they were)...
It's the 19th, but usually celebrated on the preceding weekend.
This article is reminding me of the most recent (very good) episode of The Weeds in which the theory that in a post-cold war era, the lack of a credible communist threat has allowed the conservative coalition to begin falling apart at the seams (including the [small-L] liberals and libertarian wings coming into conflict with the illiberal social conservative wing [predominantly religious]). [Episode here.](https://player.fm/series/the-weeds/the-illiberal-right). IMO this is just another facet of the growing partisan divide enabling bad actors to make 'ends justify the means' arguments. Whether it's newly-emboldened leftists demanding ever greater nationalized control over the economy or right-wingers pursuing anti-democratic powergrabs. If nobody believes that a compromise can be achieved, they may as well demand everything and see what happens.
But it literally now is.
wouldn't know, not a serf.
Yeah fuck Benioff and Weiss.
I'm sure he regrets selling it for $50k in 1997 more.
/r/philadelphia passed 100k subscribers this week and it blew up the refinery.
Meh, if the DNC is trying to hand this to Biden, they certainly aren't doing a very good job. The organization itself is running a pretty even hand so far. Biden's ahead in polls because he's got universal name recognition. Between July and January, his lead is going to disappear.
TBF, you *did* just call someone a moron for not doing the thing you think they should have done...
Yeah, but that person's a democratic politician, obviously the same rules don't apply...
HE TOLD BILLIONAIRES NOTHING WOULD CHANGE. I honestly can't get past that.
Right? He's so easy to spot!
Still just name recognition. Trump only does marginally better in head to heads vs. dem options with lower NR (i.e., Trump's share of the vote only moves by a few points), which means the undecideds are larger for other dem options.
Just a warning to anyone thinking of going; if you do, you're exponentially increasing the risk that some weirdo will try to dox you in the future.
Haha, difficult hypothetical? Whataboutism! Question I don't know the answer to? WHATABOUTISM!
lol
I mean, the fact that it's another one of CPA's obvious alts that hasn't been banned yet is enough of a motivation for him to keep posting. Troll's gonn troll.
And I'm saying they just might.
&gt;Philadelphia Energy Solutions, which processes approximately 335,000 barrels of crude oil per day, did not detect anything in the air that could be inhaled, according to city officials. Literally unbelievable. Besides that horrendous sentence, the sentiment behind it is also pretty dubious: &gt;The Philadelphia Department of Public Health Health tweeted that they took air samples from the refinery and surrounding community and found "no ambient carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons (combustibles), or hydrogen sulfides." Okay, but that's hardly the extent of hazardous air pollutants the public needs to worry about... If you can see visible smoke, you should *definitely* not be breathing it. Even then, the particulate pollution from that smoke is extremely dangerous in quantities well below the point of visibility.
/u/cerialthriller, is this finally going to push them over the edge to bankruptcy?
Yeah, it's really surprisingly hard for people to look outside their own bubbles, even when they think that's what they're trying to do. My Dad's the only actively pro-biden person I know, and I think a lot of that comes from the fact that he *would* be *just fine* with going back in time 10 years.
I will, thanks.
Normal everyday problems don't make news -- even if they're very very big problems -- so long as they don't change very much at any given time.
I don't care if it's open again, I'm still going to bike halfway down it, dismount, try to walk down the sidewalk, remember that I've done this a dozen times before and turn around.
I imagine you delivering this line while putting on a transparent rain jacket and picking up an axe.
Would that be so bad? What if there were an exponentially increasing wealth tax that just capped off at 100% at $999,999,999?
*pussies
&gt; you say lyons I would never.
Something unrelated that strikes me as I read about the insane religious extremists being appointed to the federal bench by this administration; how does that not concern you more than say the generic Democratic candidate's healthcare plan that'll never pass a republican Senate anyway?
Ha, fair enough.
Beautiful! Thanks for sharing!
I'm on team "nah, let's not have a civil war"
This concept, also known as *Shame,* has traditionally been one of the few methods humans have used to enforce social norms necessary for the large-scale organization of society. While *Shame* is still common in many other places in the world, the North American *Shame* is believed to have gone extinct in the wild sometime around 2016. Some domesticated examples can still be found in captivity in a few local and state capitals. There are currently no plans to reintroduce the North American *Shame* into the wild, as it is thought it would stand no chance of survival.
The college tours I went on never presented the lifetime earnings differences between their graduates and other universities's. They showed me their brand new gleaming facilities, then introduced me to a financial office rep who told me how easy it is to take out loans. If prospective students were shopping for an investment, college tours wouldn't play out like a car dealership.
https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/dominicholden/lgbtq-poll-pride-month-cops-coprorations
AI is all hype. Climate change is all bad. Synth bio is a genuine hope. I'm most worried about the anti-democratic movement at hand.
Where'd Bridesburg go?
Call spring garden market, they might have them.
You gots to read the article. It was definitely two-way. The question is whether or not the pic was appropriate in the context.
Can't imagine it would, there'd be a pretty beefy 1st amendment counterargument here.
Hard-working, passionate advocates for change who look at our decrepit politics and decide to be there change they want to see? At least I assume that's what he means.
Lol, and ensnared us in the worst foreign policy blunder of the last 50 years. It's impossible to say whether or not Trump has done more damage than Bush yet, since Trump is undermining our institutions while Bush destroyed our position of global leadership. What it depends on is entirely how badly Trump loses. If he wins and Trumpism becomes the American right, I don't think the hyperbole is nearly as misplaced. If Trump loses and Trumpists are drummed out of the party, Bush will still have done more damage.
What?
Really largely unaffected because pipeline capacity is more than sufficient to move refined products from the gulf to the east coast?
T e a c h t h e c o n t r o v e r s y
All about the pacing.
Me too, friend. Me too.
Mmmmkay. So your theory is predicated on the first principle that everything is fine. And because we know that, we can bend the laws of physics to our will. Radiative forcing is simultaneously both the primary means of planetary surface heating, and not. But don't worry, complicated things never turn out bad. Do you happen to have a corollary theory about the dark lord Xenu?
How can GHG-driven radiative forcing both increase and not increase solar heat retention? It's a closed system. These are chemicals with known physical properties. You're asserting they do a thing and they don't do a thing, depending on which piece of the historical record justifies your conviction that everything is fine.
And Lynn Abraham as well.
This. It's paper thin legal cover (under US law), but the US right wing will defend it to the last man. I was genuinely hoping we'd get through this administration without starting a war.
Hey /u/magicmurph, I think this: &gt;If any especially virtuous users knew about these incidents for months, I would wonder why they never came forward with that information is missing the point. My own personal experience with fitchmike26 was completely in line with the 'nice guy bully' behavior described here. Check out this ridiculous [unsolicited message](https://imgur.com/a/uZbhi0m) he sent me three months ago after I commented in a chat thread about the risk of doxxing associated with attending meetups. It includes all the usual pleasantries while explicitly telling me never to make a comment like that again and implicitly threatening to ban me for bullshit reasons (he accused me of being a politics and crime spam account). It's opaque to users when they use modmail or get mod messages which mod they're speaking to. But fitchmike was so active, my default assumption was that he'd be the one reading any modmail. For that reason alone I just dropped it. This is just an internet forum, it's not real life. But also, don't be surprised that people weren't coming forward if they had a problem with fitchmike. He was playing a pretty good 'friendly but volatile petty tyrant' game. Edit: to be clear, I don't know anything about the physical, IRL allegations (never gone to a meetup); I just wanted to contribute how my interactions with fitchmike answer the question you posed.
But being racist *is* my culture.
I used to grow some mondo sunflowers in DC (in dirt the almost certainly had lead in it), and I used to have to cut up the stalks for trash collection at the end of fall. I'm hoping I didn't spread contamination 😬
"my sub," "my events," etc. There's this classic episode of This American Life that tells the story of a county school district maintenance manager who turned into a mob boss as soon as he got the slightest whiff of power. It's wild.
"As long as I'm flailing my arms and pacing about the room randomly, I look 35, right?"
The eyeroll isn't the idea that planphilly lacks an editorial perspective, it's that planphilly's editorial perspective is "woke" or that it disqualifies it as a legitimate source of journalism within Philadelphia's development and urban planning community. No publication lacks an editorial perspective; it's literally unavoidable.
Definitely paranoid, but that's the only way to keep an account anonymous when people are actively trying to dox you.
Y'ever done Flonase? My doctor made me quit Sudafed and it's been good to me, plus it's cheap as dirt at Costco
really? it mostly works for me, I rarely get the 'full nose closure' stuff that used to happen all the time (including every summer night).
Around 6 my whole neighborhood smelled like eggrolls.
✈️ 🤯&lt;--me
Is this still going on? Hey everyone it's Friday again! Woooh!
Yeah, but burning isn't any worse than landfilling.
&gt; It seems your link -&gt; link didn't include plea deals It does, charges are necessary to reach a plea deal. What I specifically said is that we don't know if the *average sentence* has changed. But nobody (outside the DAO) has data on that, despite lots of random people on reddit claiming this or that. &gt; We should all probably be judging Krasner's effectiveness by... I think all of those metrics are important, but ultimately the three things I want a DA to do are 1) competently prosecute the cases that the police bring to them, 2) make just decisions about the credibility of the allegations against the accused, and 3) seek just punishments for those found guilty. For 1 you can definitely measure the conviction rate, but I don't think anyone's accusing Krasner of failing to convict cases. For 2) I don't really think there are applicable metrics, each person has to evaluate the policies against their own expectations. For 3) I probably disagree with you about what a just sentence is in most cases. I think most people want criminal sentences that are longer than evidence indicates are necessary to reform criminals and disincentivize crime. However regardless of what I would prefer, I have no idea if Krasner is achieving that.
I understand that you're upset about that case, but you shouldn't insult people just because you get emotional. You're talking about sentencing, not charges. I specifically said we (that means you too) don't know if Krasner is seeking average lower sentences or not, because nobody has that data.
Yeezus, I went to bed. Take a calm down pill friendo.
That was Plaxico Burress in NYC and your recollection [couldn't be farther from the truth](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plaxico_Burress). He served two years in prison, and the powers that be were so adamant that he served prison time that Bloomberg wanted to criminally charge the hospital for failing to report the shooting.
&gt; 700% From 12 to 78, while he's charged more that 1200 gun possession charges in 2018. /u/cerialthriller's claim is literally untrue. It's fine if you want to argue he uses diversion too much. It's a lie if you claim he's dropping the majority of gun cases.
What class, specifically? People who live in neighborhoods with a density greater than 10k/sqkm and who have a household income less than $30k/yr? People who experience addiction, violence, or neglect-related trauma?
They said majority. It would be impossible for that to be true, given that we know the number of charged cases in 2018 was greater than 50% of the total number of *shootings*, let alone the number of cases brought to the DAO. The fact that I've told them as much in the past and they continue to repeat the mistruth, makes it a lie.
Yet again you have no data. You're just pulling numbers out of your ass because you don't like Krasner. It's self-reinforcing reasoning: you can't honestly confront factual evidence because being wrong is uncomfortable. So you convince yourself the lie is true because it feels good.
Public intoxication is a summary offense in Pennsylvania (i.e., a ticket). You don't get a prison sentence for public intoxication.
That's a good point, got the wires crossed there. However unless previous DAs were also dropping the majority of possession cases, there's no evidence for a departure from the status quo that would justify /u/cerialthriller's outrage. So it's either a lie about the numbers or a lie about the outrage. Either way it's BS Fun update: I just heard back from the DAO about gun possession on the data dashboard. They currently don't show gun possession case data (it's not included in either violet crimes or in property crimes). They're claiming it will be included in an update that will come out late this month or early next month. /u/greaterpandas
How tall'r you?
Ooh, and you lack the courage of your convictions. Not a great look.
Counter argument to what? You never responded to my comment. I'm criticizing you here because you just admitted you don't even have any ideas how to fix the problem you won't even name. You're just performatively mad because you think that makes you righteous. Real patriotic citizens work to solve problems instead of picking a scapegoat to blame.
I just got an emergency alert on my phone for a snow squall (which would be rad) at the exact same moment a fire truck blasted its sirens as it flew by outside my window. It was really wild.
FULLY FUND THE SCHOOLS UNIVERSAL SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE SUBSIDIZED WORK PROGRAMS FOR RECOVERING ADDICTS END RESTRICTIONS ON SUBOXONE PRESCRIPTIONS MANDATE ALL MEDICARE &amp; VA HOSPITALS OFFER METHADONE REGULATE REHABS AND SHUT DOWN INEFFECTIVE PROGRAMS CLAW BACK FILTHY LUCRE FROM OPIOID SELLERS AND MARKETERS END THE TYRANNY OF ALL-CAPS SLOGANEERING
Lol, I love that 'two inches below average' is a manlet these days. Goddamn internet, I tells ya. What's your budget, and where/how do you want to ride? I can find you a great deal. I literally browse Craigslist all day.
'ugh, people who use their 1st amendment right to participate in democracy. *the worst*.'
Copy editing is a dead profession
I mean, he was in school and had a job when he stabbed the guy, it's not like he was homeless or selling drugs.
I mean, the first few are true, sure (obviously the jury disagrees with your version of events...) Again, my point wasn't that Michael White is a good person (I think he should have gone to jail on the weapons charge). My point is that the fact that you think he's incapable of reform is directly contradicted by Sean Schellenger's life story. Sean was an alcoholic who tried to burglarize a drug dealer, but ended up breaking into a random person's house and robbing it in the middle of the night. Sean paid his dues. Sean went back to School. Sean made something of himself.
&gt;I never said White was incapable of reform, I said it was highly unlikely. I think it's fair to have that feeling, so long as you would have felt the same way about a young Schellenger. If you sincerely meant that, I apologize, as I read your tone as sarcastic. &gt;People need to want to reform and they need the opportunity of education, they need a supportive family &amp; community that also holds them accountable, they need therapeutic intervention, etc. While I agree with you that those factors are significant contributor's to someone's potential to reform, I don't agree that the justice system should use those factors to decide sentencing, particularly because those factors are not equally distributed, and they're not within an individual's scope of control. &gt;Michael White was spiraling at the time of his violent encounter with Sean I (and the jury) disagree with your presentation of the facts. However I certainly agree that he should be punished for his actions. &gt;the DA did not submit the phone or note as evidence... Never ever would have made it in to the trial. This is a perfect example of [prejudicial evidence](https://casetext.com/regulation/pennsylvania-code-rules-and-regulations/title-225-rules-of-evidence/article-iv-relevance-and-its-limits/rule-403-excluding-relevant-evidence-for-prejudice-confusion-waste-of-time-or-other-reasons) with no *direct* probative value (i.e., his notes didn't say "i'm looking to start a conflict *with Sean Schellenger*"). You can disagree if you like, but that's how the law works in PA. &gt;add to that the fact that his father is in prison for raping his sister, and he is not receiving any of the supportive interventions he needs This goes back to the first point. You can't have a system of guaranteed individual liberties that distributes justice based on the actions of other people. We don't do group punishment. You don't go to jail for your parent's debts. Our ancestors fought a war over this stuff. &gt;A jail sentence I think he should have gotten prison time for his contribution to the death: aggravated assault. White didn't murder Schellenger, he defended himself. But brandishing the knife was clearly an assault on Schellenger, and he should have been found guilty. IMO possessing the knife was also a crime, but as I understand it there's some issue with enforcing Philly's knife statute that I don't fully understand.
It *suucks*. It's even melty up in the Adirondacks. This has been an awful snow season, and still too wet to use any of the MTB trails. Although I'm happy for you.
Chicken breast works really well as long as you rehydrate it for eating (chicken jerkey is gross)
Just enjoy driving in reverse down half a block in peace...
'Eisenhower seems confident of victory' Yup checks out.
I was assuming that was technojargon thrown in for effect and they were mostly going to rely on photos for the master. Maybe they're baselining the cad drawings with laser measurements? But a lidar topography is just silly.
Psst, have you heard about Denver, Portland, Chicago, Boston, Las Vegas, LA, San Francisco, ...
Honestly why are we even bothering anymore. MDMA?
Oh I totally would. There's no market for it. Storage/transfer terminal, sure. LNG? Maybe! But I'd buy that contract at $0.99, for sure.
Anyone who unironically says to their employee "you're the most useless employee I have" has no business managing anyone,let alone leading an organization. You train someone to do the job, or you fire them. Humiliation has no part in a modern workplace. Fucking bullies, man. That's all besides the creepy sex stuff.
Will do! Might be a false alarm though, the weather's looking pretty dry so the wiss might be doable.
Right and insisting that it wasn't a real war is as pointlessly pedantic as insisting that you shouldn't protest a war until it starts.
One of the most rewarding things I had the honor of doing was helping an adult friend learn to ride a bike. She was a post-doc in my lab who'd been raised by an extremely conservative family in Pakistan where bikes were just tools for women to go off and find ways to sully their honor... She's such a cool person, so thanks for reminding me of her! Anyway, I just want to congratulate you for being brave and doing new things! I wish you many years of cycling freedom and joy!
Aren't you the one that said you don't need science, you rely on your gut? Man you're just out of your depth here.
Nah, nuclear is way too expensive. Solar + storage is even cheaper now.
It would be cheaper to build enough solar and batteries to replace baseload coal and natural gas than new nuclear.
The short answer is, it can be, but it can also not be. How you specify storage matters (capacity and power, battery vs flow vs pumped hydro/flywheel, supply vs wholesale vs distribution vs behind the meter). Add to that both nuclear and grid-scale storage technologies have pretty large price uncertainty based on the actual implementation and deployment unknowns, but the main causes are different for each technology. Check out Lazard's Levelized Cost of Storage report for a deeper discussion of the subtleties. Grid scale storage on the scale necessary to allow solar/wind to make a dent on the overall primary energy supply would likely not be lithium battery storage. Flow batteries are probably where we're headed in a decade, but the technologies are just getting demonstrated now. More likely than resource scarcity what will probably drive costs are economies of scale, as has happened with solar PV over the last decade.
Hopefully this means more cross-media reporting ventures like a podcast. Most large papers have moved in that direction.
This would definitely be my #1 pick out of the bunch. That sounds rad af.
Four year olds in the comments be screaming
Bloomberg is paying his staff 2 - 3x what other campaigns are offering. It's nuts. If you've ever done anything reasonably campaign relayed and you make less than $100k, quit your job and apply for Bloomberg *today.*
I have to assume local newspaper podcasts are revenue positive. 90% of the work (original reporting) is already done! I'm sure I'm oversimplifying, but it seems like such an obvious adjacency. Same with video, although I understand why stretched newsrooms are conservative about getting into that game after the great facebook video con of ca. 2014
Have you considered that the final bar is, in fact, purple?
Wild, mad credit to that guy. Otoh, I've watched the guys on my street throw my recycling bins over the row of parked cars so that they land hard enough to shatter the corners. Just because carrying them 6 feet would be too tough, you know?
Fuck, that's silly. Gimme $200k, I'll fix it.
Adding this for reference in case anyone's curious -- not necessarily for OP since there are more simple solutions to their problem. If you're interested in running long-pull brakes (linear brakes/v-brakes) with a short-pull lever (brifters/STI/cantilever levers), there's a product that used to be around and just came back on the market that lets you do that made by [Problem Solvers.](https://problemsolversbike.com/index.php/article/travel-agent-making-five-star-trips-possible-when-your-levers-dont-match-your-brakes) It's basically a nested pulley to double the travel of your brake pull. Although they say they just came back on the market, I actually haven't found them for sale anywhere. However, there's one company in china making [a knock-off version](https://www.aliexpress.com/i/32797148203.html) that also works okay. However the shipping time takes a while to get to the US.
Not saying Darrell Clarke was right or that we shouldn't have sold off PGW, but if it were private and the private owners spent billions to repair the system, we'd all be paying even more. Regulated utilities have a guaranteed rate of profit. The money comes from ratepayers, not investors.
Not gonna talk to the cops if someone's gonna kick your ass and the cops wont be able to solve it anyway. It's a positive feedback loop.
Lol ok
Anyone have a recommendation on a solid accountant for either personal tax stuff or small business stuff? PM me if you do, thx. Of the many new accounting problems I have this year, my HR just informed me that they 'accidentally' have been making my 401k contributions pre-tax, even though I elected a Roth 401k (i.e. after-tax). I have no idea how they could do that. They can't even tell me how far back it's been going on yet, so this tax year is going to be funnnnn.
That would be an adventure!
Cooooooool, so either way I have a big dumb tax bill. Thanks for the link.
Well 5th and CBM is basically upmarket now. You've got a couple new bars, the new offices, the new gym among others. The real problem is all the housing stock transitions to that PHA suburban style shit they put in in the 00's west of 7th. And then west of 10th, it's all the mansard style 2-stories. They're probably fine inside, and will eventually end up getting expensive. I just think they're ugly as sin. Oh man, and then you got the [failed contractor-who-thought-he-could-be-a-flipper special!](https://www.redfin.com/PA/Philadelphia/1922-N-Marshall-St-19122/home/39468695).
I don't even know, yet. Prudential's calling it a Roth 401k, but my HR is calling it a regular 401k. But since the HR folks can't tell me how many years they've been doing it this way, I'm betting they're not on top of the nitty gritty.
How is this so common?
I was gonna say, if I'm out of bed at 8, I'm doing pretty well.
The main reason Pharma is not a major anti-legalization force in politics is because they're going to be the main profiteers of a national legalization program. If FDA-approved cannabis products hit the shelves, they will be tested, licensed, manufactured, and sold by big Pharma. By contrast, some people really do believe that Jesus is angry at a plant.
Well for one thing they only had the monitor that picked it up because the government required it to be there.
Nah, I was just coming out of it, so I was there for the last two teeth. It's really remarkable how little it bothered me. Drugs are a helluva drug.
Literally what my dad said when he texted this article to me: "C’mon. It was research!"
Why was the murder rate climbing for three years before Krasner was elected? It's totally fair to criticize Krasner's individual charging and sentencing choices and/or his policies. But it's worse than rank speculation that Krasner is the substantial cause of the rise in the murder rate, especially when confounding factors like the boom in the heroin epidemic and PPD's collapsing homicide clearance rates actually correlate to the rise in homicides going back to 2014.
Definitely worth it! If you haven't been to the Presidential Range in NH, it's also very very cool (although it can get crowded during peak season). I'm thinking of a trip to the Rockies in May. Gotta get my crampons dirty!
&gt; race plays a part in that to Does it? Or is it a co-correlate?
&gt;Abernathy said the city used its influence and spoke with Hilco representatives last Friday at the PES auction in New York. He said the city is optimistic that the firm will develop the site following the city’s recommendations. &gt;“We wanted something safer, more environmentally friendly and conscious of the public health. We wanted multiple uses on the site and a friendlier, more welcoming environment for the community. I think that Hilco checks those boxes,” Abernathy said. &gt;In a statement, Mayor Jim Kenney said, “Though many challenges and years of work lie ahead, we are optimistic that the firm can develop this site in a way that supports the core values in the city’s recent report summarizing the work of the Refinery Advisory Group: a diverse range of uses on the site that put the public’s safety as a top priority, has a more positive impact on the environment, engages meaningfully with the surrounding communities and contributes significantly to the region’s economy.” Wasn't someone criticizing Kenney for failing to oppose uses that kept the refinery? This seems like the opposite is true?
I'm not exactly clear on what's inherently sinful about crossdressing?
"oh shit i completely forgot i was supposed to be driving to NJ for groceries for the last three years"
[Results from the subreddit survey in 2017](https://imgur.com/dIyg7PD). Granted, that's ~680 responses out of a subscriber base around ~70k at the time. So grain of salt and all that.
Haha, the antenna story is great. Usually I was counting traffic and using a noise monitor on a tripod. A lot of suspicious corner dudes asking if it was a camera, and when I told them it was a mic, inevitably someone would want to spit his bars. It's easier to listen politely than to explain it's not that kind of sound recorder. Now I'm remembering the time I was directly across the street from some condos with floor to ceiling windows. Someone was convinced I was trying to video record in their house, and sent the security guys to shoo me away. The security guard was not pleased that I insisted he call the cops, and eventually decided the thing to do was park a giant black SUV inches in front of where the mic was standing. That probably should have invalidated the measurement, but I was basically done at that point...
So I think what's missing here is a discussion of how traditional paint and primer prevent rust on bikes, and what's different about the Cinelli Mash frame. [This is a distillation of a much longer explanation from Sheldon Brown](https://www.sheldonbrown.com/paint-prep.html) Typical steel paint jobs (as you'll see on all painted steel frames) will put down an initial primer layer on top of the raw steel. This primer will typically contain a metal like zinc, which oxidizes *before* the steel frame, and acts like a kind of sacrificial buffer for any oxygen that reaches the primer layer. The reason for this sacrificial zinc primer is that even though the job of paint is to keep water (and thus oxygen) away from the steel surface, some will inevitably get in, especially where scratches and chips create mechanical pathways. **The big difference is that the Cinelli Mash frame appears to use only a clearcoat (a clear acrylic paint layer) on top of the raw, unprimed steel.** This means that any water that penetrates the clear coat (which again, is inevitable), will cause oxidation. The clearcoat also has the effect of encouraging rust at the boundary of existing oxidation (since iron oxides are porous), which is why you'll get those spider-web effects crawling away from scratches and chips. The problem is that once there's rust under a spot of clearcoat, the clearcoat will lose all its mechanical attachment to the steel, causing a 'bubble' effect. The bubble will eventually crack off, since it's only held on by the tensile strength of surrounding clearcoat, and it's quite brittle. That's what happened to your frame. It's inevitable, and as others have mentioned 'nothing to worry about,' since this is exactly what it's designed to do. Long term, yes a frame that is allowed to rust through will structurally fail. But how quickly that happens is a factor of things like humidity and water exposure, salt exposure, etc. Cinelli clearly believes it'll take a while. I would recommend don't try to mitigate it. Know that all material things are temporary. There's effectively no way to 'pause' an iron oxide patina, it's a living thing.
☑ verified
For the sake of argument, yes.
Based on my personal knowledge of every mummer, no.
They're for sitting, not for transitioning to standing.
I don't think that sentence implied any negativity at all. It's a reassurance that this wasn't blackface, because if it were we would have condemned it.
Yeesh.
For sale: one slightly used refinery complex. Works perfectly, no accidents, clean carfax. Usual wear and tear, but just used for Sunday light oils production. Cash only, sold ad-is.
Meanwhile mine is cutting vacation days
Lol, I didn't mean to imply we're not at full employment, but I can see why ppl are reading it that way.
Big yup.
&gt; It seems to get way too hot no matter how low of a flame I have it on and it fills my house with smoke. If your stove is throwing enough heat at a cast iron pan to constantly burn the oil in the pan, it's probably throwing enough heat to decompose the non-stick layer in an aluminum non-stick pan. Do you have bad burner valves that just open too hot too fast?
I've been using [this guy](https://www.amazon.com/Dawn-432938-Kitchen-Super-Scraper/dp/B00BE02IAU/) for the last 8 years, and it's officially my favorite way to clean cast iron. But the pan's from me dear ma, and she said she thought she got it in the 70s.
&gt; Nothing that can't be easily defeated by a good pair of headphones. Not that I advocate for vandalism, but I'm sure a can of great stuff sprayed inside the little steel cage that protects the speaker would keep it quiet and deter P&amp;R maintenance from getting around to fixing it any time soon...
Lookit Mr. Kiddo ears.
Waiving RINs is a massive government subsidy. Nobody's saying that poorly managed companies going bankrupt won't hurt workers. But *everyone's* hurt more when poorly managed companies are floated along from handout to handout. PES's continuing bankruptcies aren't from a one-off financial crisis or a bit of bad luck. It was a management strategy that failed. Other refineries did better. The market is rewarding good companies and giving bad companies the boot.
The AQI was 118 this morning. I don't wanna die at 65 from a heart attack because of PES's PM emissions.
That's amazing
And if taxes didn't exist they wouldn't have had that cost either. It's irrelevant because they do exist, but PES decided to pretend they didn't.
Lol, PES was the speculator. RFS targets have been around for 13 years at this point. The plan was written down the whole time. PES bet it would change. It didn't. That's the whole story. It drove them to bankruptcy. Twice.
Well if I could avoid a massive increase in my tax bill by meeting my ethanol blending targets ...
There was a dude openly selling these on Craigslist and FB marketplace for weeks.
More cameras would be a good way to reduce crime, full stop. As someone who's personal security cameras were instrumental in solving an attempted murder, it's not even a question. Theoretical concerns about privacy melt away when you realize that the large majority of murderers in Philly get away with it. If you're worried about government surveillance, you should know that the government can subpoena your location data and emails and texts at any time from your phone company. Cameras are nothing next to that.
This is exactly the type of murder-enabling crime that would become much much harder if we had rational gun purchase tracking requirements.
Well for one, I have multiple complete sets of allen keys and only a few torx bits and no torx wrenches. It's pretty much just that.
Nah, it's held up for a year by the state legislature to 'study the issue'. It'll probably get blocked.
Buildings have collapsed during repointing? that seems hard to accomplish. Partial demos and basement excavation are the usual triggers.
Lol! tote bags are a human right.
I'm certainly no expert, but the finches I've seen had much lighter breasts. /u/Birdcathotdogg thoughts?
My wife has been cutting my hair for years with a set of clippers. But during quarantine I just started doing it myself on 4. Sure the back is all out of whack, but it isn't hurting anyone...
The Boys on Amazon is a sleeper hit. Not a big super hero fan, but this is a pretty good satire of the genre. If you've never sat down and watched The Wire, now's your opportunity to learn about why policing in America is so fucked up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emXYPRlVBas
Yes, that pretty much sums it up. Allegations of the gang using racial slurs and yelling about N-words in the neighborhood are rampant, but I haven't seen any video yet.
To be clear: beating someone with a baseball bat is okay as long as... they are tweeting mean things about you? What's your operating theory on justifying this one?
Smith did a violent assault. That's against the law. You don't get to pick and choose which laws to follow. Same goes for rioters.
I'm in South Kensington so if we're hearing them on opposite sides of the city it's everywhere.
It's weird, I was so steamed up about the bat gang in Fishtown yesterday, so today I went for a run down Girard and around the hood. It was really good to see everyone back at their normal life, putting the lie to their stupid assertions of ownership of the public space. I also ran by some of the exploded atms. I guess I'm pro-bomb control now, too...
**Kenney** is trending on twitter and it's like 40% Jim Kenney and 60% Jason Kenney, the Premier of Alberta. Seems that people are mad at both.
Fwiw, the mods pulled down the post that it's about. This is why megathreads don't work.
&gt; Tread softly before you go inviting even MORE animosity towards police. Hi, I appreciate your turn on the question of vigilantism -- that takes guts. But I would encourage you to look at the petition carefully. This petition does not call police bad guys or generalize about cops. It doesn't blame patrol officers for the decisions of leadership. This petition focuses on the key decisions made by the single individual who is responsible for two days of protests in Fishtown. When police abdicate their role as law enforcement by allowing armed vigilantes to 'protect' the 26th district and roam Girard Ave., they escalate tensions and put citizens at risk. This isn't a new idea, every police officer knows it's dangerous to stir up armed mobs. Fisher displayed such bad judgment that he must be held accountable. Otherwise the blame will fall on the patrol officers who aren't responsible for this idiocy.
Hi it's me, ur looter.
&gt; You're itching for Apache helicopters to gun down thugs (funny how that's ok to use when they're white) because they're being big bad meanies lolwut &gt;meanwhile you sleep on more vulnerable parts of the city being burned and ransacked by people of color I like to presume good faith, but what in the world makes you think I support looters? By allowing the vigilantes to walk up and down Girard, the 26th precinct *took cops away* from protecting stores and catching looters. Worse, Captain Fisher's actions provoked a second day of protesters that took even more cops away from stopping the looting.
&gt; This is about our safety and community. Which is why I don't want you waltzing around my neighborhood with a bat looking for trouble. Oops, see how that works? &gt;We won't let the blacks I mean, of course this is how you think.
They're for reducing the posting load, which makes mods jobs easier, but at the expense of the user experience. I can certainly understand the motivation, but I think if the mods are too heavily taxed they need to bring on even more help. On day 1 it might make sense, but we're almost a week in now.
Any time, friend.
Home dumbbells 100% worth the investment. Long meeting? Smash the mute and shred the lats.
Thanks you!
Hmmmm. I might be doing this very wrong...
yeah but did you see this video (link to some new fresh outrage more horrific than the last)?
It's almost like shooting someone is worse than burning a car or looting a store.
Blowing up an ATM with an acetylene tank would be like... well, ending a standoff by burning down an entire city block. FYI for anyone out tomorrow, acetylene smells kinda like garlic. Edit: this isn't a terrorist plot, everybody calm down
The vast, vast, vast majority of people don't want to do mass murder is why.
TBF, you're criminally underpaid.
&gt; Except no one has been shot accidentally by an armed protester Hell of a qualification
Shooting someone, full stop. Not just accidentally shooting someone during a protest. Happens about 12k times/year in the US.
Tsk tsk. Where are the parents?
That's like actually sad because emotional trauma absolutely drives people to overly simplified models of good and evil that enable the thin blue line mentality and allow cops to justify misconduct.
*Oh, I'm not persecuted, I'm just a asshole...*
In my experience, there's a group of ~10-15 people who regularly downvote posts that don't advance a conservative agenda on this sub. It's a small group, but because of the way the algorithm works, they can oftentimes squash a post before it gets a chance to rise. This user was commenting briefly after this was posted, so I wouldn't be surprised if the ratio was more like 50% when they posted this. It's not astroturfers, but it is an annoyance. I'm not a conspiracy theorist, it's just a fact of how /r/Philadelphia works. I've posted here enough to understand the dynamics of what gets top-billing and what sinks.
With all the criticisms of the police, I think this is a good place to remember two facts: 1. [Hiring more police officers is popular across all racial and ethnic groups](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/2/13/18193661/hire-police-officers-crime-criminal-justice-reform-booker-harris) (including black americans), and 2. The Philadelphia Police Department fails at one of its core roles, and the most important one for preventing murders: [catching murderers.](https://www.witf.org/2019/09/26/as-clearance-rate-improves-families-protest-phillys-unsolved-murders/) While PPD's homicide clearance rate improved slightly to 44% last year, it's still well behind the [national average](http://www.murderdata.org/p/blog-page.html) and cities like NYC that have made dramatic improvements in reducing violent crime. I'm outraged by police abuses and the corrupt culture of police unions. But I suspect why black americans still support expanding police forces in large numbers is because black americans are also victimized by crime at much higher rates, and police departments are generally failing to do their job.
The petition I posted the other day (in response to the racist bat-wielding vigilante mob in Fishtown) was also posted to Nextdoor. As you can imagine, it stirred up quite a bit of discussion, although surprisingly it was mostly civil. I'm posting one comment I read on there because I thought it was especially insightful and important: [one neighbor's experiences with vigilantes 'protecting' the Riverwards](https://imgur.com/Rt7iH5h).
Yup, it's called 'spendingwaytoomuchtimeseekingseratoninspikesonreddit-itis'
They might very well be, but I'd caution you to keep an open mind. I don't know how many people's minds have been changed by the most recent rounds of protests, but these polls are from Jan 2019. I'd be willing to bet that a whole lot of folks who are out protesting today feel the same as they did back then.
[Gotta stand with our heros](https://www.reddit.com/r/philadelphia/comments/gyxap8/fop_lodge_5_selling_joe_bologna_tshirts_to_show/)
I will gladly pay for 50 11x17 full-color glossy prints shipped to your door. hmu on the dms.
If you don't see the connection between this and the other thing we're doing right now, you're missing the moral of the story.
I would hazard to guess that a big part of the reason why "defund the police" is a nearly instant sloganeering hit among protesters is the same reason why changing it to something less inflammatory would be politically difficult, even if the content of the policy proposal were the same: people are looking to punish police for a perceived injustice. I tend to generally agree with the cause of anger, as well as with your post, and thus has been an ongoing source of argument with my family this week. Justice is a tricky thing. People are pissed and they want to see police dinged, even if all the experts are saying that's not going to solve the underlying problems with policing.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and just say it's disturbing that _anyone_ tasked with enforcing the law in Philadelphia would vote for McNesby, let alone half of the people. These aren't polite differences about tax policies, he's dehumanizing the people police are expected to serve. I'm someone who's advocated for increasing police salaries and staffing for a long time (because I believe police are fundamentally failing at their core tasks), but the culture that created and sustains ghouls like McNesby makes that politically impossible.
You have to see him in motion to appreciate all the chins.
Man we're gonna need a lot more septuagenarians to scan and/or black out their communications...
Ah good call.
Hahaha, seriously? Yeah, no I mean last week I ran one 5-miler and one 3.5-miler, and then 16.3 on Sunday. How in the world do people have time to do marathons, let alone ultras?! Should mid-week runs be same pace? Or can I do intervals &amp; whatnot? Thanks for the insight, btw.
Thanks! It sounds like the prognosis is probably that I'm not doing enough mid-week mileage. That sucks because I feel like I'm barely making time for this as it is. But I'll bump up the miles and see how it feels in a few weeks. &gt;Like, side cramps so bad that would force me to walk. Yeah, calf cramps this week were to the point of taking a seat or I would've fallen. Took a rest and walked a mile, then ran the last one. Probably ill-advised, but my wife wasn't able to come pick me up... &gt;Gu/Honeystinger I've been really into these guava paste cubes you can get at shoprite. They're entirely sugar with enough moisture that they just melt down your throat. Probably not an optimal blend or w/e, but they're $1 for a 6-pack. About 50 calories each. I've been using them for long bike rides for a while and they're so much cheaper than the gels.
You should do it! Democratic campaigns run on volunteers. Obviously less canvassing this time around, but there's lots of need for text/phonebanking. My wife used to work with stateless people in Europe. That is an absolute shit situation, and I'm really sorry we haven't been able to fix our immigration policy so it's in line with our national values.
Yeah for sure. I'm just thinking of what I've seen among my own friend group. Mid-30s, lots of new parents. A lot have been very political, but they're just too tired to be angry anymore. I think it's both stage of life and constant gaslighting by trump/republicans/media.
Not just bloodied, they broke his nose.
Counterpoint: we're not. Not by a long shot. The city is shedding employees in the tourism and cultural marketing sectors that have been Philly's main economic growth area for the last two decades. We won't notice this immediately, but cutting investment in growth to patch short term budget holes is how you fuck up an economy.
Lolol, going with a Laffer curve argument like it's 1981! Tax base flight is the dragon that's always just around the corner but never rears its head. Meanwhile families are leaving the city in droves to pay higher taxes in towns with functioning schools... 🤔🤔 The Kansas legislature would love to hear your theory on growing the economy by slashing all investment in infrastructure and education.
Surely the way to improve them is pay less. This post brought to you by cops who want pay raises and also tax cuts.
&gt; way easier to destroy and then rebuild than gradually change 👍 It's also just emotionally less gratifying to achieve marginal gains on obscure policy issues (even when they really matter) than it is to burn down a police precinct.
In my experience, the anarchist wing in particular care deeply, they just lean utopian to the detriment of pragmatism. Any protest movement (be it BLM or the tea party) will have a contingent of people who are just there for the spectacle.
NYPD is completely out of control. Their management culture is corrupt to the core. MPD in DC have accomplished a much better relationship with the community, which aids in the actual crime-fighting activities police are needed for. But realistically, Kenney should have hired Scott Thomson out of Camden since that man is a goddamned professional.
Probably a fair argument, but we'll never really know the counterfactual. In either case, there's not really anything good here for Outlaw.
This is a whole other conversation, but I'm convinced we've lost the war on data protection (i.e., preventing others from accessing our data), and we need to fight the war on data rights (i.e., a legal regime defining who owns their data, who else can access it, for how long, and with how much notification/consent). There's simply not a feasible way to live off the grid anymore. 20 years ago it was a scandal that the NSA had secret access to america's phone network hubs. 10 years ago it was a scandal that they were vacuuming up all our internet traffic. At this point, not only do federal agencies have access to reams of your 'private data,' private sector data brokers do, too. But for most crime that people care about, local detectives are blocked from using any of that data to solve murders, rapes, assaults, etc. 🤷‍♂️
Hahaha, yeah, car city. The state actually prohibits them here. We recently had an amendment added to allow a small number of speed cameras on the Roosevelt Boulevard, which is a notorious speed corridor.
&gt; or the same union 🔔🔔🔔
All fair points. I guess I mean I'm critical of the discourse around the CHAZ. People celebrating it like 'look what we've accomplished!' I don't see anything being accomplished yet, but I'd love to see something concrete come from it. Maybe I'm still reacting to OWS, which felt like a big bust to me at the time.
&gt; The department declined The Inquirer’s requests to explain why Gotta get their stories straight, first.
100% this. Attended the protest on Saturday. Staying the hell away from ppl for 14 days.
Fam, you gotta talk to them.
Last month when Astartes part 5 came out I spent about five days getting *deep* into warhammer 40k lore. Never played the game or read anything about it. That's one hell of a developed universe for something that doesn't really have any good fiction written about it.
Basically no. If there were a reason I needed to be in the same room as people I might, but i have the luxury of being able to just quarantine.
Lol, I thought that sentence was a bit much, too.
"look at you you're so scared!" \*Proceeds to assault journalist* "They was savages back then!" \*Proceeds to assault a journalist again over minor historical disagreement.* FYI, that's captain of the PPD's 1st district, Louis Campione. AFAIK selectively issuing an order to disperse to an individual can't possibly be constitutional. There's a SCOTUS case on this: police have to treat protesters and counter protesters equally. They're allowed to separate them, but they can't order one to leave. Otherwise that's what they'd do to the Westboro Baptist fucks every time. Regardless, this is the second time in as many weeks that PPD CAPTAINS have favored and protected white, racist, armed vigilante mobs. Now it's a pattern. There's 35k signatures on a petition to oust Capt. Fisher in the 26th District.
Lol, can't tolerate a pro-bipartisan agenda... I added it because the headline insufficiently explains the significance of the development. Partisan legislation is submitted all the time in Hburg, but goes nowhere. I'll resubmit with the original but sometimes I think you step on your own feet a little too much.
&gt; There is a difference between a sarcastic exaggeration to make a legitimate point and claiming to refute that point with a sarcastic exaggeration on the opposite side. Not super duper there isn't. Cerialthriller posts a lot of things that aren't true, and then backs up to 'it's just a prank bro' when you challenge them on it. It's shitposting. It's a well-understood bad-faith argumentative tactic on the internet. &gt;See how stupid those responses are now? Follow that thread down and show me where their responses transition from joke to honest opinion. What cerialthriller and other rw misinformation accounts do is spread disinformation that supports their political opinions. Look at their post history, it's endemic. When you challenge any given comment, 'it's just sarcasm.' Comedians make jokes in the context of a comedy routine. The context is key. Cerialthriller's post history is someone who's either doing a years-long performance art piece, or a motivated partisan posting disinformation because they think it will shape opinion. In either case, Poe's law applies. If the average user who knows nothing about their history can't differentiate, it's the same as a disinformation account. So you can get mad that someone is calling them out for it, but that's what they're doing, and that's what OP is responding to. If you don't like Krasner, just say so. Don't lie.
Can't though -- you can't resubmit the article.
&gt; The more you call it lying, the less credible you become IMO. Not super concerned with your opinion of my credibility. &gt;I have absolutely no issue with people using humor to make that point. Nor do I. I have an issue with people making false claims and then pretending they had intended them sarcastically when they had not. &gt;Just as I have no issue with people doing it to Trump. I don't see that happen nearly as often in this sub, but I call it out when it does. Trump exists because people have become cynical with our institutions. Cynicism exists because there is little trust. Trust is eroded by popular disinformation. Cerialthriller regularly posts lies about Krasner (and other politicians) and pretends they didn't mean it when they are called on it.
Every time you read "police risk their life every day" just swap it out with electricians, since both jobs have exactly the same occupational death rate.
Watching this shit happen nationwide, I just can't get over the fact: There are literal jackbooted government thugs violating the constitutional rights of Americans left and right in every small town and major city... and Wayne LaPierre/the NRA haven't made a peep. Big 🤔
Well a woman on the internet had an opinion, so...
&gt;Rationalizing the response as being caused by "woman-haters" There are people on here calling her ugly, telling her she looks old, and insisting that she can't possibly have well-developed political opinions because of her gender or sex. I agree selfies aren't 'normal' for /r/philly but the worst that would happen to a dude is downvotes. The thirsty incel hate is coming from users steeped in reddit's particularly sick misogynistic subcultures. Most of the time these users go by tolerated and unnoticed in a local sub. But click through some of these users' accounts and you'll see them posting relentlessly and desperately in porn subs and hate subs. More users than you know are women, they just don't gender themselves openly because of shit like this.
Well, you're wrong, but whatever. You should make a clear rule. Otherwise it will consistently come across like arbitrary bullshit.
Saints Pat and Geno defend us...
Lol, serves me right for only skimming the damn wiki article...
I invite you to ask the dudes down there right now ...
&gt; People go after the funny, easy topics when they rib someone. What is funny about telling someone they look 50? That's not a joke by any meaningful sense of the word. &gt;ou've never made an obese/orange/combover remark about Donald Trump? Lol, of course I haven't. Jesus Christ, how dumb do you think I am? &gt;Nope, but I'm the one who made the specific ambiguous age comment, the Karen comment, and the "toxic bitch" comment I don't even know what to say to this. Because you act badly on the internet, nobody else who acts badly on the internet could possibly be motivated by something else? &gt;This is just the second time I decided to put on my waders and engage. Tally ho!
&gt;Ultimately though the whole point really is that if these cops are so scared of every person they stop that they're constantly fear shooting they need to find a different line of work. Exactly. I think that's actually tied into your previous point re: on-the-job stressors. Electrical work (alongside the other much-higher risk jobs like loggers and fishermen) are really in a position to hurt themselves when they do the job poorly, which is one reason why increased addiction rates might increase on-the-job deaths. But police are in a position to hurt *others* when they do the job poorly. I was recently learning about the founding of the first modern police agency (London), and the guy who really deserves the credit for the idea (Sir Robert Peel) made sure to seek officers who were even-tempered and could handle stress without acting out emotionally. Seems like in a lot of cases, we're still missing that mark.
TBF, he's 2nd wave antifa. OG antifa were all brutally murdered and/or sent to slave labor camps the fascists when they took power.
Lol, now the dirt on Campione is coming out. In 2003 he was booted from the 26th district after five officers forced two women to fondle and kiss each other in the holding cell. In 2016 he circulated a memo in the 1st instructing officers to disregard orders from the commissioner. This is why FOP fights so hard to keep records secret. Then we might find out the department is rank with incompetents and criminals.
Fun facts, Captain Lou Campione has some pretty fucked up dirt in his past: * In [2003,](https://mycitypaper.com/peopleandamp39s-campione/) five officers in his unit forced two women in the 26th district (Fishtown) holding cell to strip, fondle each other, and kiss while the officers watched. Campione was removed after the district [covered it up](https://www.inquirer.com/philly/news/local/20070627_Officer_loses_job_over_jail-cell_sex_show.html) and obstructed IA's investigation. Campione was removed from the district and sent to do desk work at HQ. * In 2016 while at the 1st district, Campione [instructed his officers to conduct unconstitutional searches,](https://www.inquirer.com/philly/columnists/solomon_jones/20161019_Jones__Police_memo_seems_to_encourage_illegal__stop-and-frisks_.html) against the policy directives of the department's civilian leadership. It's important to remember that the FOP demands as part of its contract that police disciplinary records are kept sealed and anonymized.
And that's why people are protesting the police. Covering up sexual assault and false imprisonment from your direct reports will get your ass fired from any real job. This isn't all the dirt, this is just what's come out from public reporting. Again, secrecy protects criminals. And on your part, dismissing these kinds of crimes by public officials while getting fake outraged over the tiniest violation committed by a political undesirable is the slippery slope to authoritarianism.
&gt; .who knows what the orders were The orders were to stop doing unconstitutional searches because lawsuits cost taxpayers money. Campione not only told his officers to keep doing unconstitutional searches, but he was dumb enough to put it in writing, ensuring that any lawsuits would be easy money for plaintiffs (out of our pockets, mind you).
What bricks?
Authoritarianism is the elevation of *order* over *individual rights.* Literally: &gt;the enforcement or advocacy of strict obedience to authority at the expense of personal freedom. That's what you're advocating. Ignore it when cops break the law because they're necessary for keeping order. Authoritarianism and Liberalism are always in conflict in our society. In times of war and crisis, we grant the police more authority at the expense of individual liberties (e.g., curfew during looting). In times of peace, ideally we relax those constraints.
This is an incident of the police captain breaking the law. You dismissed it and said he shouldn't lose his posting let alone his job or freedom.
"Welp I can't personally solve climate change so I may as well not take a shower..."
The one in Marconi plaza was definitely union made. Watched em do it.
Something something untermensch something.
I was interested in this, and I found a [good write-up of the British legal context for slavery in the 18th century.](http://www.mirandakaufmann.com/common-law.html) Basically, British judges were skeptical of treating enslaved African people as slaves, so there was a lot of active argument about what rights enslaved people would have. But it wasn't until 1772 in the Somerset case that 'a man becomes free when he sets foot in England' became the law of the land. So the legal debate in England was pretty much contemporaneous to our nation's founding. The biggest difference of course is that in the intervening century, the southern colonies had enslaved hundreds of thousands of people, who then built entire economies for their masters to profit from. But because of the legal uncertainty in the UK, relatively few enslaved people were present to be liberated. So abolitionist founders here brushed it under the rug, while the UK went on to pass abolition acts that freed slaves in all their colonies over the next generations.
I didn't live here then, but my guess is Rendell wanted it as another reason to make Philly a tourist destination, and Fumo wanted it because there's nothing more Vince Fumo than standing up a giant steel phallus that jerks off italian-american identity politics.
PPD spends a fraction of this amount of time on each investigation. Cities like Austin (highest clearance rate in the country) have a &gt;1 detective/murder ratio. Philly has something like 60-80 detectives for 350 murders. I don't know how many man hours the FBI spent on this, but I guarantee you it's more than the average PPD homicide investigation.
What if the PPD was a fraction as well-resourced as the local FBI office.
No joke, my neighbor works at the Parkside ShopRite and he said someone was on the inside during the looting. There's more than meets the eye going on at that one.
... murder is also a federal crime. But my point was about the relative resource spent on solving the crime, not that the FBI should be investigating murders. Our tax dollars are paying for both.
Right, but nobody is sitting a PPD computer googling shirt designs, scrolling through images, comparing it to security footage, contacting vendors, etc. Someone did that at the FBI office.
&gt; This is police work 101 folks Is it, though? Homicide clearance rate is still ~40%...
&gt;something something broken clock It's called reading, fam. Lots of good info in books. The trick is you have to open them.
I know this was talked about a lot back in the day with the DEA and stingray-based intel gathering (iirc they messed up a filing and revealed they'd used a stingray?). Is it actually a thing with the NSA tools, though? Or is it just 'how the hell did they know that?' type speculation?
Lol, you come in hot, I respond to your q's, and you call it bad faith. You're not suggesting other explanations. It's a problem with your argument, not mine. What explained the change other than the decline in resources?
2020 PPD budget is $725 million, school budget is $2.3b iirc.
It was all accounted for. It was never 'missing' it was just a discrepancy between accounts that had been unadjusted for years.
Good job, everyone! Especially protesters who wore their masks so reliably. I seriously think it's a sign of how committed we are to each other's wellbeing that mask use and staying at home has worked so well in Philly.
&gt; with funding for crossing guards and similar positions allocated to another department It will be interesting to see if they even shift management of these roles to another department, or if they just cut a check from the General Fund to PPD's account and keep everything the same. The scuttlebutt is essentially cutting any real PPD jobs would require a new contract, so instead of saying as much City Council and the Mayor got together a plan to make it look like they were doing something without conceding their powerlessness. I'm optimistic we will have the focus to hold Kenney's feet to the fire in Spring 2021 during contract negotiations, but who knows?
&gt; Isn’t there a Chester sub you can troll? There isn't. It's part of the problem, really.
Random jerkoff with ahistorical pro-Columbus theories? 😴 Squilla parroting nonsense pro-Columbus propaganda? 😠
Kenney's gonna cancel it for sure. Covid's a good enough reason to avoid whatever racist shit some asshole will inevitably pull.
Wow wow wow. Neil Young just dropped an album he's been sitting on for almost 50 years. Christmas in June!
&gt; going on a long run. Niiice, here I come.
My fam in NY have been pumping the 'cops are doing or at least dealing the fireworks' conspiracy for a few days now. It's the first time I've ever seen them tempted by this level of conspiracism. On a surface level, it's dumb. On a deeper level, I'm really worried that if the paranoia and delusion common among right wing partisans catches on to the same extent on the left, we're in for some really very bad times.
We get house finches but I've yet to see a gold.
&gt;The incidents, many of which have not previously been reported, include nine cases thrown out after video evidence discredited police accounts; a pattern of prosecutors withdrawing cases involving one unnamed, “problematic” informant; a squad of officers who were found in multiple cases to have fabricated paperwork or used threats of false arrest to flip informants; and two officers arrested for perjury within the last year. Fyi, if you're wondering why police can't get a handle on Kensington drug markets, it might be because they suck at their jobs? &gt;Rivera said he and his squad were diligent in their work: “I’ve never seen anything out of the ordinary. If it was wrong or illegal, I know my squad would speak up. Everyone there got over 20 years in, and they’re not going to ruin their career for something stupid.” &gt;...She questioned Rivera’s lack of recall: “Either lying in police paperwork and authorizing or looking the other way in unconstitutional searches and seizures and arrests is so part of his daily activity that it doesn’t stand out in any way — or he’s lying.”
This is substantially different from the way the PPD narcotics division has operated, as evidenced by their lack of arrests of leadership of large import networks, and cases disrupting imports in one of the largest import hubs on the east coast. Based on these cases, PPD narcotics apparently does buy-busts with some asset forfeiture tacked on. The profit margins on opioids are sufficient at almost any price to incentivize black market dealers to enter the market (recall, heroin came back because it was *cheaper* than oxy). There is not a realistic argument that 'bigger, badder drug dealers' aren't entering the market because the money isn't good enough. Disrupting established networks will likely create violence as a side effect (in addition to increasing costs). But as an enforcement strategy, it is more effective in reducing the availability of the drug and incentivizing people to stop using it. By contrast, I'm supportive of legalization of opioids through govt clinics, but you would still need black market enforcement, even in a legal regime.
Cool, so the "residents" Capt. Fisher was protecting are literally convicted killers and drug dealers, but the agitators in this scenario are people who are protesting an armed, racist mob apparently composed of violent criminals? Cool cool cool. &gt;In an interview, Goodwin said he doesn’t know exactly why he pushed the protester. “I became something that I’m not,” Goodwin said about his physical and verbal attacks on people that night, adding that he’s “not a racist.” “Now they are saying everywhere that I’m this white supremacist. It’s scary.” Again, this man has served time for homicide. &gt;Speaking generally, Krasner said any officer who witnessed violence and did nothing could be charged with a crime. And that's why Krasner's gonna get reelected.
Are you saying this has changed recently? I haven't really been on the sub a lot prior to the protests, but that was systematically not true as of late 2019.
Right? I hope they work it out, it sounds fun. But def gotta give Gagz credit.
You don't have to break the union for disciplinary records to be released. There's currently bipartisan legislation in Harrisburg that would do that. All you need is a few more Republican votes, and for the speaker to allow it to come to a vote.
&gt; A better union president and business manager would still talk shit in public and defend his guys An effective union president would give lip service to the need for reforms, just like Outlaw does. You want to splinter the middle-class liberals off from the hardcore lefties and activists. Most people with jobs don't want to spend their saturdays protesting, but blowhards like McNesby bait them into it. The problem is the union creates a self-reinforcing culture of extremism, where the only way to **win** a union election is by playing to the extremist fringe. It's like a perpetual Republican primary race that never goes to the general election. &gt;They need the ability to reassign The police need to be able to manage their organization effectively. That means the budget needs to be available to pay good officers to do their job well, and not get bloated with layabouts with anger issues. I have a relative who has worked as a civilian review investigator in both NYC and DC, and in both cities, the 'teeth' are hardly more than what you get on a Sunday picnic plastic knife. Hardly any police agencies do it well. DC is certainly better than NYC, but DC faces a different problem that you have 5,000 different police agencies, all of which can freely respond to MPD's calls if they're looking for action (no literally). Sometimes bored Secret Service or Government Printing Office Police Department officers show up to public disturbance calls and start smashing heads. DC has no authority to oversee them, it all goes to that federal agency's OIG.
That's good, thanks.
Well then, progress!
Turns out maybe banning him after all these years made the account worthless.
No those are the ones I'm talking about. They didn't start smashing things south of Dealey plaza until after the police pushed them off. It doesn't excuse the behavior of vandals and criminals, but I pay the police in this city to keep the peace and prevent crime, not antagonize rioters and push crime to retail districts.
Which rioting before Dealey Plaza? I'll I'm aware of was the cop car they burned on Vine before heading to Dealey Plaza.
The U.S. Attorney McSwain is charging the lady who burned the PPD car with charges that carry a seven year mandatory minimum sentence, and up to 80 years total. Now I know even our trumpiest users know that's overcharging.
I think you need to spin down there, buddy. I'm not trying to excuse the rioters. I'm arguing the police did a worse job preventing damage than they could have, had they followed the original plan. If you're claiming the above pictures are the result of rioting prior to the police clearing Dealey Plaza, this is the first I'm reading about that. But you need to be clear in what you're saying, because I'm really trying to piece together your meaning between scattered insults about my intentions and a self-victimizing pity party. Pictures 1 and 2 are City Hall &amp; the Chase Bank across from city hall, which it is my understanding were damaged after clearing Dealey Plaza. Picture 3 is the cop car burned on Vine street that I mentioned previously. Where is picture 4? What is your source for it happening before Dealey Plaza?
&gt; I think it's one of the most rampant problems in society. You know there's a pandemic on, right? And man, climate change? I'm not a fan of the subject of philosophy, generally speaking. I'm an adherent of falsifiability -- perhaps to a fault -- but I haven't read any philosophy of the mind that produces compelling, actionable conclusions. But heuristically speaking, if someone writes a book called 12 rules for life, but then goes on to fuck up their own life as thoroughly as Peterson has, that's gonna be a hard pass from me dawg.
In general, that's a terrible idea, but I would probably make that trade if the same applied to cops.
&gt; I am worked up about this honestly. I can tell! Do yourself a favor and try to imagine the person on the other end of your online interactions. &gt;So you think the pictures I took going south on Broad happened after the Rizzo affair but you admit the cop car burning happened first? Like, the protesters burned a cop car and touched nothing else, went to city hall, got pushed away then headed back north real quick and fucked shit up before heading down to Chestnut? What I read on 5/30 was that the march was blocked on Vine where the car was burned, then turned around and ended up at Dealey Plaza. Then, hours later when the police pushed people off Dealey Plaza, people who were vandalizing property scattered. My assumption was that the guy smashing windows in city hall was not the same as the lady burning cars north of city hall, was not the same as the people who ran down to Walnut. Is it nuts to assume the Chase was smashed by people who ran north? If you're saying that's not the case, I'll take your word for it. But I don't think it's accurate to say that the rioting had spread significantly until after the police pushed people off Dealey Plaza. From what you're saying, it was located on Broad between Vine and City Hall. *Certainly* the people looting on Walnut &amp; Chestnut were not *all* from Dealey Plaza. So my question is: would the looting have ever occurred if the rioters had not been pushed off Dealey Plaza? IMO, it was a bad tactical move.
When are dirt bike gangs going to go out of fashion so I can finally get a used DR650 for less than $5k?
What's the appeal of a trike, though? At least with the can-am you can lean. Wouldn't it just be like driving a golf cart?
&gt; The very idea of Peterson being categorized as a “philosopher of mind” Wouldn't, didn't. Was referring to the dualist notion of a separate mental and physical reality. That's one approach to challenging scientific materialism, but what I was saying is I don't find it compelling. &gt;The term itself is most closely associated with Popper. Yup, I know. Falsifiability establishes a workable boundary around what -- in my opinion -- can be considered pragmatic, cumulative knowledge that advances the collective condition of humanity relative to a prior state. Beyond falsifiable knowledge is knowledge that has no practical differentiation from art. This is not to be dismissive about the quality of the ideas or credibility of the analysis, this is simply to state that the physical world is unaffected by those ideas until humans find them motivating enough to change their behavior. I guess that's kind of a rigid scientific materialism for some (falsifiable knowledge), epistemic relativism for others (non-falsifiable knowledge) vibe.
I think you need to read my comments more closely.
&gt;The Trump campaign sued Pennsylvania state and county elections officials Monday, saying mail ballot drop boxes are unconstitutional the way they were used in the June 2 primary election and asking a federal court to bar them from use in November. This lawsuit is just one of a million ways Republicans are trying to make voting more inconvenient for you. Most countries have cracked this nut, the US is held back because Republicans don't want more people to vote.
&gt;cackled emphysemically
Yup, gonna keep safely rolling through stops, and demand that drivers (who have neither the visibility nor control to safely manage a rolling stop) obey the law. Idaho stop 4 lyfe.
&gt; The city has always been a money pit. The city's budget is balanced every year. &gt;They could impose a 50% wage tax and it still wouldn't be enough, because they'd find a way to misappropriate it through absolute idiocy with zero accountability. You're clearly upset, but in the real world people have to solve real problems with real numbers.
Lol, well phillypede was deleted by the admins and now there's a rule against being racist in /r/philly. So things are looking up, I suppose.
It's cool and good and mostly not fascist. 👍
