You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST please read the rules
You must have 300 Karma to post a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST We only allow one account per household
Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST I already removed the post Please read the rules
u/ Bluecranberries Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST I already removed the post Please read the rules
u/Gemr90 Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST I already removed the post Please read the rules
u/Foc01 Sorry you already have a post up &amp; running Please wait 24-48 hours between posts DO NOT DELETE THE POST I already removed the post
u/RainbowSparkle717 can we mark this Fulfilled?
u/princess_sparkleface You already have a post up and running https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/eiqw3u/help_out_a_graphic_designerlooking_to_hone_their/ Please wait 24-48 hours between posts DO NOT DELETE THE POSTS
u/Helpme1203 Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST I already removed the post Please read the rules /r/Assistance/wiki/rules
u/Ebailey9358 Please only add what you need. People usually add rice, toliet paper, Things like that. People will see a $600.00 list and go help someone else
u/Foc01 you already have a post up &amp; running
u/Nuclear_dom Its against the rules to delete posts You had a post up &amp; running 7 hours ago until you deleted it. Please wait 24-48 hours between posts. If you delete another post you will be banned https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/ej0u6a/just_got_kicked_out_of_my_house_i_need_any/
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST We don’t allow any kind of loan requests
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
I can’t believe how many people don’t have 300 Karma Or Registered
Ok
u/OriginalRedMage Thanks for Offering But We dont allow Referrals
Sorry Thanks
Call Amazon to be sure
It’s against their agreement with the users
Please call Amazon, Your wishlist shows everything was bought. There are Grinches that go around pretending to buy wishlist &amp; nothing was bought. Please call Amazon to find out for sure,Please get back to us and let us know if you were Grinched.
I’m sorry that happened to you I’m glad you got it straightened out Some people are real jerks Who does that to kids???
u/bbygirljen sorry You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
u/MostNeedleworker5 sorry You need 300 karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
u/oilisfoodforcars asked for post to be removed
I been here for over 8 years I seen all kinds of kindness It really warms your heart ❤️
I think I need a Start date&amp; start to keep track of what time I smoke &amp; try &amp; ween myself down Tomorrow seems like a great day to start Thanks for the courage:)
I CAN DO THIS!!!!!! Thanks!!!
I removed all the comments If someone ever bothers you again DO NOT RESPOND TO THEM Also if you want a post removed in the future, Just message the Mods &amp; we will be happy to remove it for you.
u/idgststy Sorry we do not allow any kind of loan requests
Yes you are Registered. I re Approved your post Good luck :)
Ok Good Luck :)
Things like this is what makes this sub work THANKS:)
https://www.reddithelp.com/en/search?keys=karma
Please read the rules and register your account
u/dapper5k You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
OP u/tea_mcfyck Asked for post to be removed
u/cxfxdxl https://www.reddithelp.com/en/search?keys=karma If you put your mouse/pointer on your user name, You can see your karma. Right now you have a total of 6 karma 3 from Posts 3 from comments P.S. Please stay out of the Free karma subs, None of the helping/giving will help you if that is where you get karma from Good Luck :)
u/wood-lock Could we please get you to register here before the automated bot removes your post? • https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
You can repost and ask for ADVICE If you added a location, (state) people on Reddit are pretty good at finding resources Just dont ask for money, or material items (food clothing)
OP u/ThoraLura asked for post to be removed Please do not delete it
Alts: ejzvde mommaof3littles jengr88 u/gr9012
u/Mlaind01 You need 300 karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the Rules
u/slicetee It might help if you added more to your post
Please message through Mod mail
u/Cide-MistFN OP asked for this to be removed
u/Alabama513 You need 300 Karma to post a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/69chevy396 Your link dont work
u/Hypernights You need 300 Karma &amp; need to be Registered to post a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
u/Alauren2 Could we please get you to register here before the automated bot removes your post? • https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
Thanks :)
I removed the post because a few days ago you posted here asking for money and then said someone loaned you money Then you posted on a different sub asking to borrow money again Then you claimed that was completed Now you are asking for more money
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
You need 300 Karma to make a request Do not delete the post Please read the rules
OP u/-Always_Looking- deleted post messaged the mods about the delete
What kind of Assistance are you looking for?
OP u/ddduckduckduck asked for post to be removed
Are you trying to sell this?
Then this is a Request , not a Offer
Beautiful It’s like Christmas &amp; New Year together :)
You need 300 Karma to make a request Do not delete the post Please read the rules Reddit does not allow personal info to be posted
u/TlingitRose Could we please get you to register here before the automated bot removes your post? • https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8 Please edit the wishlist and remove the Gift cards.
u/wisconsinmomma This link should show you how to make a Amazon wishlist https://old.reddit.com/r/SantasLittleHelpers/wiki/index
Thank You Good Luck :)
u/dopamineiscool Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
u/IllustriousFerret12 Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
u/SpectacZ Edit your post &amp; remove the payback part We dont allow loans/paybacks
u/Cierraramirez Im sorry You need 300 karma to make a Request..do Not Delete the post Please read the rules on the sideboard
/u/high-school-graduate Its against the rules to delete posts This is your only warning
Thanks ;)
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
Cash app info must be removed If someone asks, you can send it to them
Yes edit the post &amp; I will approves this
u/Rshae12718 Using free karma subreddits disqualifies you from most assistance subreddits including this one DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our Rules
u/dnxqi You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/sadgirlx94 You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/ajadventure90 You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST We only allow one account per household Please read the rules
Excuse you I’m a Mod And all I asked you to do was to Register your account before the bot remove your post
Yes, that’s true
Hey! One of the rules that OP mentioned in their post was that you register to this subreddit. You can do so using the link below. https://Forms.Gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
Hey! One of the rules that OP mentioned in their post was that you register to this subreddit. You can do so using the link below. https://Forms.Gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
Hello :)
Good How are you doing?
Thanks Good luck :)
You should see if you can collect Social Security for the kids
u/akahelen223 You need 300 Karma to make a post DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules FYI This sub does not do loans/paybacks
Here is where you Register :) https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf3kpcDnG2lmhm0TSZrI8Ye9whNtLD6enKeWFZROIMSjQ6M-Q/viewform
Someone would Register here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf3kpcDnG2lmhm0TSZrI8Ye9whNtLD6enKeWFZROIMSjQ6M-Q/viewform
Someone would Register here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf3kpcDnG2lmhm0TSZrI8Ye9whNtLD6enKeWFZROIMSjQ6M-Q/viewform
u/SemicircularCactus "What's with all the down votes" We have trolls that have no lives that come on this sub &amp; downvote everything &amp; Everyone.
Marked Fulfilled &amp; locked. Thanks again :)
No, You can NOT pm others for anything,Unless they ask you to pm them
mousemhl1993 Who ever is making a Offer can ask people who were picked as a winner to pm them People can NOT pm you and ask for things.
Why?
Thanks :)
I agree, I been filling them out myself since I was 16
:)
:)
AWESOME
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
Thanks I’m on mobile I check it out on my pc
u/poker23231990 is on the USL
u/alittledizzy Can this be marked Fulfilled?
u/Moneymaking232
u/Wonderland_Quean It might help if you edit your post and added the amount you need.
u/dudazuela It might help if you said the amount needed
HazelandtheWanderers Your new post is good Good Luck :)
Thanks :)
u/throwaway91738285928 You need 300 karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
Beautiful
Yard work
Please Register your account before the bot removes your post
u/sembli You need 300 karma to make a Request We do not allow Referrals here DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our Rules
u/pickthedaisy Please edit your post &amp; remove your Paypal info REDDIT does not allow it Please register, before the bot removes your post: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf3kpcDnG2lmhm0TSZrI8Ye9whNtLD6enKeWFZROIMSjQ6M-Q/viewform
u/sashagreyhound can this be marked Fulfilled?
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
We only allow one post every 24 hours DO NOT DELETE THE POST
Op asked for post to be removed
Edit your post and remove your personal info Reddit does not allow personal info to be posted
DO NOT DELETE THE POST
It might help if you edited your post No one wants to read a book It might also help if you added a wishlist of items you need. Not many people just hand over cash
.
I Approved your post Good luck :)
It might help if you added a Amazon / WALMART Wishlist
Did you receive anything from this post? Did you Register your account?
Aww Your so sweet. Thank You :)
Sorry We don’t allow referrals here
Can you see the rules on the sideboard
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules FYI REDDIT does not allow personal info to be posted
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST please read the rules
u/SuperDuperSushi You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/Arkitech30 Please edit your post and remove "I can even pay back if necessary" We do not allow any kind of loans /paybacks
u/LilithJenny Please register your account https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf3kpcDnG2lmhm0TSZrI8Ye9whNtLD6enKeWFZROIMSjQ6M-Q/viewform
Thanks Good Luck :)
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/doesntmatter864 OP Rules: &gt; Look at a user's history - stay away from accounts with huge activity gaps, purged comment/post history, and those who use free karma subs &gt; Use the Universal Scammer List &gt; Make sure they are registered and have at least 300 Karma &gt; Do not respond to DMs or PMs - keep everything in the open &gt; If a user does the above, they may be circumventing a ban. In any case, notify the mods
.
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
You need to add more to your post
u/geminiwlw You need 300 karma to make a Request Do Not Delete The Post Please read our Rules
u/CheetahTheWeen Have you tried calling them and ask to be put on a payment plan?
u/pilot__jones deleted post
u/amonvaul Please wait 24 -48 hours between posts DO NOT DELETE THE POST
:)
u/flgrowngrits82 Sorry We do not allow any kind of Loan requests.
Sorry We do not count FREE KARMA SUBS as Karma Please get your Karma the proper way Please read the rules
FYI REDDIT does not allow personal info to be posted
Never post you personal info Pm only Reddit does not allow personal info to be posted
Yes. Please re register
u/roonkere Thanks for Offering Can I suggest Look at a user's history - stay away from accounts with huge activity gaps, purged comment/post history, and those who use free karma subs Use the Universal Scammer List Make sure they are registered and have at least 300 Karma Do not respond to DMs or PMs - keep everything in the open If a user does the above, they may be circumventing a ban. In any case, notify the mods
u/ahlore We do not allow karma from FREE KARMA SUBS
u/strawberriefields You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST FYI Its not a good idea to post your age on the internet
u/bherlihy You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/Wooden-Speaker You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/vastalant USL
u/anniebarlow most people prefer if you made a wishlist. Not a lot of people like to hand out cash.
Please edit your post and remove the pay back part We no longer allow any kind of loan/ paybacks
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
Yes
u/ttmirimo You already have a post up and running Please wait 24-48 hours between posts DO NOT DELETE THE POST
What kind of Assistance are you looking for?
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST PLEASE READ THE RULES
:)
u/nightshade922 You need 300 karma to make a Request We dont allow loan here. DO NOT DELETE THE POST
u/SammieLily2 asked for post to be removed
Remove due to history DO NOT DELETE THE POST
u/seaboard2 I am so glad you won. You are AWESOME!!!
u/MomOfLiz14 Please register your account before the Bot Removes your post: https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
u/De-La-Funk Please register your account before the Bot Removes your post: https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
u/anotherbasicwitch Please edit your post and remove your paypal REDDIT does not allow it. Please register your account
u/anotherbasicwitch Its against the rules to delete posts Especially ones that have been filled. This is your only warning!
u/Limp-External you need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
You need 300 Karma to make a request Do not delete the post
You need 300 Karma to make a request Do not delete the post
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST
You need 300 Karma to make a request Do not delete the post
You need 300 Karma to make a request Do not delete the post
You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules DO NOT DELETE THE POST
Remember to post a Thank You :)
Please read the rules and register your account You need more to your post
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST PLEASE READ THE RULES
u/UmberShadow you need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
u/bean1313 you need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
u/kayleray10 you need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/ya_boi_A1excat Its against the rules to delete posts This is your only warning
u/MercyFae It might help if you made a amazon-Walmart wish list Not many people hand out cash
u/naymp Sorry we don’t allow any kind of loan request do not delete the post
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
Stay out of the FREE KARMA subs No giving subs honor that Karma
Good luck :)
You need 300 Karma to make a request Do not delete the post Please read the rules
u/k-aya asked for post to be removed
u/k-aya Op asked for post to be removed
u/k-aya asked for post to be removed
u/k-aya asked for post to be removed
Basically yes Due to the overwhelming responses
u/whatanexperienceitis Thanks you for all that you do. You are a amazing person :)
Thanks Your all set Good Luck :)
Please edit your post and remove the pay back part We don’t allow any kind of loan request
It’s usually 1 or 2 day delivery Also most people don’t like to hand over cash That’s why others prefer to buy off of wishlist
u/SturgSturg Thanks for Offering You should never ask people to PM you Can I suggest Look at a user's history - stay away from accounts with huge activity gaps, purged comment/post history, and those who use free karma subs Use the Universal Scammer List Make sure they are registered and have at least 300 Karma - keep everything in the open. no Pms If a user does the above, they may be circumventing a ban. In any case, notify the mods
u/megpeg1974 Yes , You are Registered But you have -33 karma :(
u/SturgSturg Never delete a post I would hate to see you get banned Also just ask the Mods to remove a post
Awesome Good luck :)
You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Do not delete the post
Hello :)
u/Smerbies You need 300 karma to make a Request Please read our rules Do Not Delete The Post
Thanks :)
u/the_light_queen You need 300 karma to make a Request Please read our rules Do not delete the post
u/Blu-boto You need 300 Karma to make a Request Do not delete the post Please read our Rules :)
u/rawrrrra Please edit your post and remove the feel free to dm me. That is how scammers and perverts work
***AWESOME***
u/Blu-boto You can repost and ask for Advice You can ask how you can get help, But you can't ask for $ or material things
u/vastalant USL DO NOT DELETE THE POST
u/zazara98 You need 300 karma to make a Request do not delete the post Please read our rules
u/hayleybts It might help if you made a amazon wishlist with things you need
u/flowmaine You already have a post up and running do not delete the post
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/vastalant USL list
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/WatchgoNOW Is that really a job? I use WAZE and people around me, including myself, post if there are cops or accidents, animals etc on the roads
You post and make comments in your favorite subs Stay away from the FREE KARMA subs, No giving subs will let you post if you get karma from the Free karma subs
u/Mufasa-theGhetto Please read our Rules and Register so the bot does not remove your post :)
u/Carmeloishof This is illegal
Do not delete the post
/u/throwawayyyyy1190 Its against the rules to delete posts This is your only warning
:)
Thanks Just follow the rules That’s the script:)
u/genuinegirly23 Its against the rules to delete posts This is your only warning
;)
Can this be marked Fulfilled? If yes Please make a Thank you post
u/Zestiest46 see if you can get a refund u/jacobp23 is on the USL for using mutli accounts
u/wafu we do not allow any kind of loan requests do not delete the post
u/beautiful_bostonian It has not been 24 hours between posts This is your last warning
Your Dad can sell you the car legally for $1.00 But you you have to pay for a new title, and pay for new registration in your name
u/Severe-Part You need 300 karma to make a request Do not delete the post Please read the rules
167 post karma 79 comment karma You have 246 karma you are almost there DO NOT GO ON THE FREE KARMA SUBS Good Luck :)
To get Karma, post &amp; comment in your favorite subs Do not post in the Free Karma subs Good luck :)
Good luck :)
Please do Thanks
u/Priorityjeremy Please edit your post and remove "I get paid on Feb.3rd, and will pay back fully." We do not allow any kind of loan /paybacks on this sub
u/kaielle Can this post be marked Fulfilled?
I love all of his music, Livin on a prayer
Please edit your post and remove the pay back part We don’t allow any kind of loan request/ payback
You need 300 Karma to make a request Do not delete the post Please read the rules
u/brooklynbella- Its against the rules to delete posts
Your post is up and running Good Luck :)
u/KittyBoo86 Could we please get you to register here before the automated bot removes your post? • https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8 Also please edit your post and remove your personal info (paypal) Reddit does not allow personal info to be posted
u/mackzinna Its against the rules to delete posts Always ask the mods to remove a post This is your only warning.
u/losingmymind79 Please message the Mods with any issues you may have
u/Cleopatrashouseboy You need 300 karma to post a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/TangentQ Please read the rules and register your account Also please edit your post and remove your paypal info REDDIT does not allow it.
u/Ryrylx You need 300 karma &amp; be registered to make a request.
u/burning_bridges93 You need 3oo Karma &amp; be registered to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/nowayitsjestin You need to be Registered and have 300 karma to make a Request Do Not delete the post Please read the rules
You already have a post up and running DO NOT DELETE THE POST
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
Please edit your post and remove your personal info (PayPal) Reddit does not allow personal info to be posted
Please remove your PayPal info Reddit does not allow personal info to be posted
Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules DO NOT DELETE THE POST
u/Ashuhmuhley You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read our rules
You already have a post up and running Please wait 24 -48 To repost Do not delete the post
u/gjalo989 Congrats on your sobriety !!!! Thanks for Offering Can I suggest Look at a user's history -click on their name Use the Universal Scammer List-https://universalscammerlist.com/search.php Make sure they are registered and have at least 300 Karma keep everything in the open. no Pms If a user does pm you, they may be circumventing a ban. In any case, notify the mods
u/jokoOWO You need 300 karma to make a Request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/Original_Session You need 300 karma to make a Request Do not delete the post Please read our rules
There are a few Offers up You should check them out
What Mod?
Ok, Great, Good Luck :)
u/Chrisnino990 We do not allow any kind of loans DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
You need 300 Karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
The post is already removed
Sorry we don’t allow any kind game request Do not delete the post
Treatment There are no specific treatments for illnesses caused by human coronaviruses. Most people with common human coronavirus illness will recover on their own. However, you can do some things to relieve your symptoms take pain and fever medications (Caution: do not give Aspirin to children) use a room humidifier or take a hot shower to help ease a sore throat and cough If you are mildly sick, you should drink plenty of liquids stay home and rest If you are concerned about your symptoms, you should see your healthcare provider.
u/GrassytheGrass we do not allow any kind of game requests
u/Mattyice1001 You need 300 karma to make a Request do not delete the post Please the rules
:)
Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please do not delete the post Please read the rules
u/SomewhereBuffering You need 300 Karma to make a Request do not delete the post
u/CurvySapphire Could we please get you to register here before the automated bot removes your post? • https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
u/ARthrowaway2005 ,
The rules are on the sideboard
u/trustworthyfutureesq You need 300 karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST PLease read the rules
u/tajd you need 300 karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST Please read the rules
u/missmemowcat Thanks for Offering :) can I suggest :) Look at a user's history &amp; comments -click on their name Use the Universal Scammer List-https://universalscammerlist.com/search.php Make sure they are registered and have at least 300 Karma keep everything in the open. no Pms If a user does pm you, they may be circumventing a ban. In any cas
Reddit does not allow personal info to be posted
u/Josephineev Could we please get you to register here before the automated bot removes your post? • https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
Thanks Your all set Good luck :)
u/3niT3 Could we please get you to register here before the automated bot removes your post? • https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
u/Hyhacz Could we please get you to register here before the automated bot removes your post? • https://forms.gle/1NGQn53LxDJ9iQtJ8
Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
u/Girlpirate
Sorry we don’t allow any kind of loan request here Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Please do not delete the post We also do not allow any kind of loan request
Maybe try r/borrow ?
Good luck:)
u/MacTheGoon Please edit your post and remove "I could accept a loan via venmo if possible. I can repay $45 tomorrow." We dont allow any kind of loans/paybacks
u/catshaiyayy Please edit your post and remove the pay back part We do not allow any kind of loan request
u/michealjcaboose87 It might help if you added more to your post. Like why you need for &amp; make a wish list that has curbside pickup
u/PhilSwiftForFlexSeal I removed your post. We do not allow any kind of loan requests. Please repost and leave out the payback part.
u/Ashwatthaman Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please do not delete the post Please read the rules
u/cpsct Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please do not delete the post Please read the rules
We only allow one account per household
Sorry Your post was already removed Please do not delete the post To get Karma, post and comment in a few of your favorite subs You will have 300 Karma in no time Stay away from free karma subs Most giving/ help subs will not except that Karma Good luck :)
:)
:)
You must have 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Do not delete the post
...
Thanks :)
OP deleted account
&gt; OP &gt; &gt; deleted account
u/kayleray10 You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Do not delete the post
u/zashari You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Do not delete the post
Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules DO NOT DELETE THE POST
Sorry can't bend the rules for anyone
Post and comment in a few of your favorite communities and you will have the Karma in no time.
Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Do not delete the post
u/jstaprsn0130 You already have a post up &amp; running please wait at least 24 hours between posts https://old.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/ew816e/rent_payment_repost/
I would honestly wait till this afternoon, Or Monday, It's pretty slow around the weekends
u/NakedTarzan Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Do not delete the post
u/taylanae It might help if you edited your post and added a location, and maybe a wishlist of things needed.
u/ion_citat4 We dont allow buy/trades on this sub
u/MichaelTXO_ It might help if you posted a wishlist No one can see your info on Amazon wishlists
I don’t know that subs rules. Good luck:)
u/Lostjoecamus Sorry You need 300 Karma to make a request Please read the rules Do not delete the post
Since you are new to reddit, You have to join different communities , make posts and add comments. Then you will have your karma in no time Stay away from the free karma subs,
u/TheDarkwolf123 Sorry You need 300 karma to make a request DO NOT DELETE THE POST PLease read the rules
Beautiful :)
Fulfilled?
:)
Thanks for all you do. You have a heart of Gold :)
You need 400 comment, karma You have 361
If your entering, please register your account
Thanks for sharing :)
You were already assisted 2 times in May Please step back from posting and entering Offers for 30 days. Due to so many people needing assistance due to the virus, I hope you can understand Thanks for understanding :)
Yes I don’t think I ever smelt one I didn’t like :)
If your entering Please read the rules and register your account
You already have a post up and running Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
Ok, I’ll change your Flair to Advice. Good luck :)
Sorry You need to be Registered and have 400 Karma to make a Request Please do not delete the post
Sorry Please read the rules You need 400 comment Karma and need to be Registered to make a request Please do not delete the post
AWESOME!!! Don’t forget to post a Thank You. :) ( check with who ever helped if it’s ok to mention their name)
Thanks :)
Thanks for the Offer :)
It’s against the rules to pm others POST REMOVED
Fulfilled?
Awesome:)
You need 400 Karma to enter Offers Have a active 60 day account
Please read the rules and register your account
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post It might help if you added a amazon wishlist
Please read the rules You need to be Registered,have 400 Karma &amp; a active 60 day account
You do not have 400 Karma, you do not have a 60 account &amp; you are not registered Please stay off our lawn Assisted within the last few weeks
Enjoy your ban LOL :)
Very cool
QUEEN still rocks
Great Offer:)
I changed the Flair earlier after I read the post Thanks for helping:)
Great Offer:)
Thanks :)
Please read the NEW rules
I’m happy for you :)
Fulfilled?
It might help if you added more to the post
Thanks Everyone has to Re register :)
AWESOME :)
AWESOME :)
You already have a post up and running Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
Thanks for Offering:)
Please read the rules and register your account
I changed the Flair &amp; removed the post &amp; told OP was the rules are. Thanks again :)
I will remove the post for you. Do not delete the post I don’t want to see you get Banned I hope things work out for you :)
Hi, It might help if you added a Amazon wishlist
Please read the rules You need to be Registered and have 400 Karma to ask in Offers
Please read the rules You need to be Registered and have 400 Karma to make a request Please do not delete the post
Sorry We had to remove this post
:)
Please read the rules and register your account
Please read the rules and register your account
You need 400 Karma &amp; need to be Registered This is the 3rd time I am telling you that you don’t qualify. Please refrain from asking. One more time &amp; you will be banned
Thanks
It’s against the rules to pm anyone without them asking you 1st
Never post your personal info Always pm it
Great Offer They have great bagels :)
Great advice :)
:)
Please read the rules and register your account :)
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
:)
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
It’s against the rules to pm others, unless they ask you to pm them.
Please read the rules and register your account for Offers Thanks :)
You need to be Registered and have 400 Karma to ask in Offers:)
Morning
Please read the rules Please do not delete the post You need to be Registered and have 400 Karma to make a request
Please read the new rules and register your account for Offers
Sorry We don’t allow referrals here Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
You have 259
Click on your name
Sorry You need 400 comment Karma to make a request Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
Fulfilled?
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post :) Please edit your post and remove the pay back part We don’t allow any kind of loan requests
Good luck You can also post on r/borrow If you want to pay it back
Sorry Post removed You just had a post Fulfilled less than 2 weeks ago
Please read the new rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
Post removed Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
Sorry Post removed No history in the last 60 days Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
Please read the rules and register your account
Please read the rules You need 400 comment Karma to make a request on Offers
:)
u/Gestobersenpai you need 400 to make a request
u/Fast_Afternoon Post removed due to not registering
Happy (early) Birthday Carter :)
Thanks for Offering Can I suggest that people do NOT pm you. Scammers and people who are banned go around rules by pms Thanks again :)
Thanks, She was told that on the other post I removed.and she deleted.
Fulfilled?
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post. It might help if you added a Amazon wishlist. With Prime shipping. Most people prefer to assist that way
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
Thanks for Offering:)
Please read the rules
Please read the rules and register your account to enter Offers
Please read the rules and register your account for Offers
It might help if you added a Amazon wishlist
.do not delete the post
This post should not have been approved You do not have a Active Account. Please read the new rules Thanks:)
Please read the rules and register your account for Offers
You never delete Always ask Mods to remove the post This is your only warning
Sorry Post removed Please read the rules You need to be Registered and have 400 Karma to make a request Please do not delete the post
Thanks
You need to be Registered and have 400 comment Karma to apply in Offers
You already have a post up and running Please do not delete the post
Sorry Please read the rules You need 400 Karma to make a request And be registered Please do not delete the post
Please read the rules And register your account before the bot removes your post
Sorry You must have a active account You were told this 3 days ago after you got assistance And then deleted the post. Ban issued
You were told 3 days ago you can’t post Due to lack of activity
Awesome
Please re read the new rules and re registered your account
You need to be Registered and have 400 Karma to ask in Offers
How old are you?
This is a request, not a Offer Please do not try to go around the rules Please read the rules Please do not delete the post You need to be Registered and have 400 comment Karma to make a request
Please read the rules and register your account
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
Thanks for Offering :)
Thanks for Offering:)
You just received assistance You have to wait 30 days
You were just helped 3 days ago Please wait 30 days to post or ask in Offers Please read the new rules Please do not delete the post
We like transparency here, so please do not ask for PMs Most people who help would rather buy off a wishlist. &amp; not give out cash
u/girlpirate Please explain the rules Thanks :)
You had a post Fulfilled less than 2 months ago Your other post less than 12 hours ago was removed by a Mod Please read the rules . I am banning you for 90 days since you can’t seem to follow the rules . If you break a rule again the ban will be permanent
Yes Please re register
Sorry You must have a active account Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
Great Offer Thanks :)
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
Thanks for Offering :)
You just received assistance Please wait 30 days to post or ask in offers
Please read the rules You need 400 comment Karma and be Registered
Sorry Please read the rules You need 400 comment Karma to make a request &amp; need to be Registered Please do not delete the post
Please post in r/legaladvice This is not the right sub Please do not delete the post
Please read the rules and register your account Thanks
Please read the rules You need 400 comment Karma to make a request on a Offer
:
:)
Please read the rules
You need to be Registered and have the Karma and be a active member of Reddit Not just in the giving subs, or free karma subs
Please read the new rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
The rule is no kind of game request I’m going to remove it
No game request allowed
It’s against the rules to pm others
Sorry Please read the rules You need 400 comment Karma to make a request and be registered. Please do not delete the post FYI In the future never post your personal info . If someone asks you can pm it to then
Please read the rules Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post We don’t allow any kind of loan request, please edit your post and remove the pay back part . Please remove any personal info, Reddit’s TOS does not allow it.
Please read the rules and register your account
:)
Post removed You do not have a active account for the last 60 days Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
Please read the rules and register your account Thanks :)
:)
Please read the new rules You need to be Registered and have 400 Comment Karma to make a request Please do not delete the post
Please read the new rules You must wait 60 days from your last post Please do not delete the post Please do not PM others
If they receive Medicaid, Medicaid will pay for transportation to dr appointments
You have 377 Comment Karma You need 400 comment Karma to make a request
Sorry Post is already removed You are so close to the 400 Make a few posts&amp; comments and you will have the 400 Stay away from free karma subs, they will get you banned Good luck :)
Comment Karma We no longer allow combining Karma
Sorry Please read the rules You need to be Registered and have 400 comment Karma to enter Offers
Please read the rules and register your account for Offers Thanks :)
A different Mod pulled the wishlist See if you can cancel the orders
Glad it’s getting better :)
It’s 1 am here
You have 131 comment Karma Everyone has to have 400 to make any kind of request Make a few posts and comments in your favorite subs and you will have the Karma. Stay out of the free karma subs They will get you banned
Please read the rules and register your account before the bot removes your post
Get some rest :)
This person has been helped in a different post.
Sorry We don’t allow Karma Farming from free karma subs Please read the rules Please do not delete the post
I am asking you to step back for 60 days and give others a chance
You already have a post up and running Please do not delete the post
Hi. :) Thanks again for Offering :)
Please read the rules and register your account for Offers
Please read the rules and register your account for Offers
