I’d say Worms Clan Wars is worth it for a buck. It’s not Worms Armageddon, but it’s still the classic 2D Worms party formula and is tons of fun with friends!
Overcooked is a really good time if you have friends to play couch co-op with. Just prepare to yell a lot at your friends, as it will really test friendships.
“Why the FUCK are you putting tomatoes in the mushroom stew?”
I believe it actually just got an update to specifically work for Windows 10 users, so yes. (Feel free to correct me if I’m wrong.)
I liked just about everything this game had to offer, with the exception of the presence of instadeath. There is a lot of instadeath (even more so than the original game). The lava, the voids, the insta-death bomber enemies, the red spikes, etc. And there will often be times where the opponent nails you with an attack, and due to hitstun, you will get launched into these instadeath mechanisms with no escape. Be prepared for possible frustration if you play this game due to those mechanisms. But other than that, this is a giant improvement over the original, with pretty satisfying combos (especially while fighting as a chicken) and a much larger world to explore. If you're a fan of metroidvanias, this is definitely worth a look.
Any tips for the Victini fight? I keep getting final smash grabbed by Incineroar from across the stage, and that's basically insta death for me.
So for the M Bison fight, I extremely cheesed this by equipping my Jigglypuff with Lip's Stick, and spamming forward tilt. Ganon's reflector will reflect a few hp back to you every time, but he'll still take damage, and the damage you take will cancel your endlag from the forward tilt. This allowed me to repeatedly spam forward tilt while the Ganondorf was stuck in place for a few seconds, making the Ganon take tons of damage not only from my repeated forward tilts, but also from the decay damage of Lip's Stick. From there, I had a huge HP lead, so I just spammed Puff's down air with a combination of forward tilts if Ganon was too close to take the mission.
I actually didn't find this one too bad: I waited out the assist trophy on the top platform (knocking the Ridley away with aerial attacks and/or tilts if it got too close), then I managed to tipper F-smash the Ridley with Marth early. From there, it was just a 1v1 fight vs a Mii Fighter. Oh, and make sure you have the spirit to nullify reverse controls (I think it's Marin from Link's Awakening?).
I played Donkey Kong here and camped by running/jumping from one cloud platform on one side to the other cloud platform on another side. Since these cloud platforms will eventually disappear as characters stand on them, 2 of the Yoshis died this way because they were not able to make it back on stage after I ran away. From there, I was able to limit the main stage to fighting one Yoshi at a time on the ground, and dash attacked each one as they kept coming to me. It was pretty tedious yet scary, but it ended up working after 15+ tries of getting wombo comboed.
I'm having just about the same issue. From the guy who replied to me, the key here is to play someone who's heavy enough/can take a hit so they don't instantly die from the final smash. A heavy like Bowser or Donkey Kong would do, but I think having an support spirit to make your character initially metal would also help as well.
Is this the one with the two villagers? I don't recall this one being too bad: I played a usual strategy of Marth + tipper F-smash/F-tilt and it more or less took care of them. If you're still having trouble, you could play Fox and laser camp + reflector for the villager missiles, or you could just cheese them by playing Kirby + metal/giant spirit + Down B.
It's fortunately optional, but the Ho-Oh fight with a giant Charizard that constantly spews fire is a pain in the ass. I've got my Primal Groudon spirit ready, so maybe I'll give it a shot later. I'm not a fan of the Rayman fight with the assist trophy (I eventually cheesed it with Kirby + Down B after many tries) or the one timed fight with a giant Kirby + Corrin either.
Play as a floaty character (such as Puff) and camp the far right platform, then the far left platform, and rinse and repeat. Since those platforms will eventually disappear due to characters just standing on them, you'll eventually get to a point where some of the Yoshis can't make it back on stage (or you can gimp them with Puff's aerials). Once there's two or one Yoshis left, it should be much easier to fight them on stage.
I suppose I got lucky then, I cheesed M. Bison on my second try with [this strategy](https://old.reddit.com/r/smashbros/comments/a4n39z/having_trouble_with_a_wol_mission_here_are_some/ebgfx8p/). I spent more time trying to take down the Ganondorf near the base (the one where his melee attacks are super powered up and he abuses a beam sword) than the M. Bison fight.
Marth will get you far in the WoL, a lot of the fights can be cheesed by just spamming F-tilt + tipper F-smash. You'll eventually want to loop your way to the top right of the map to the castle, where you can unlock Bowser: Bowser + Giant spirit + Metal spirit is a godsend for some of the legendary fights.
Mew2King is looking at this in absolute disgust
I agree that M2K doesn't play the Icies matchup for the enjoyment of the audience, but I somewhat disagree that he never plays to please the audience. He often does some stylish/flashy plays that go against his mentality of optimal play, and some of these plays have costed him matches. See: Leffen vs Mew2King at Summit 4, where he tries to carry Leffen off stage and side B into dair, only to get shine spiked.
So going along with this, CPUs are generally surprisingly bad at punishing whiffed Jigglypuff rests if you're not on the same horizontal plane as them after whiffing the rest. If, for example, you tried to rest the CPU from under the platform by short-hop/full hop resting, and missed the rest, the CPU will generally just turn around rapidly on the platform and not drop through the platform to punish.
Oh certainly, most of the time they’re smart enough to walk right up to you and charge a smash attack, or grab you into a throw into an aerial punish. That being said, this all goes out the window the moment you and the CPU are not horizontally in line.
It was a more even set, but that also meant that both sides camped the hell out of each other. Also, Game 2 on FD looked like Okami was about to pull ahead with a 2 game win in the last minute, but he flubbed his ledgedash and SDed.
He has an argument for 11th over SFAT after SFAT’s pretty underwhelming placing (and losses to Spud and Rocky) at this tournament, but I don’t see S2J displacing any of the lower top 10 due to just how strong the top 10’s win records and placings are. One key distinguishing factor is that all of the top 10 has at least 2 wins over members of the top 6; S2J has none.
Quick correction OP, Hax was sent to losers by Spud, not Zain.
Interesting, he might actually have a chance of being ranked in the lower top 100 for this year then. I really hope he shows up to more tournaments next year, I love seeing this man's Marth.
Yeah, if you're a Sonic fan in general, then by all means go for the full bundle. Tons of great games to be had for just $15. Keep in mind though, that a lot of these games have been bundled before (or may have just been bought on sale before on sales by Sonic fans who closely follow the franchise).
For anyone just getting into Elliott Smith, go listen to the whole album that this song is on, Either/Or. I still don’t know how this man managed to express his sorrow through music so well.
I don’t recall the exact tournament when he started working again (so feel free to correct me on any incorrect details), but I think he tweeted after winning The Big House 8 that he went back to a full time programming job.
Try Candle, it’s on the same album as Teen Age Riot. Or better yet, just listen to the entirety of Daydream Nation.
I can't recommend Night in the Woods enough. It might not feel like much of a "game" at times, since most of the gameplay involves just walking and jumping around town, talking to everybody. The story is told extremely well though, and hits hard when it needs to. Also, the soundtrack is by creator Alec Holowka (who was one of the creators behind Aquaria), and is a fantastic soundtrack to just play in the background when you need a little touch of nostalgia in your life.
He majored in chemical engineering (and it was his original job), but switched over to a programming job somewhat recently according to his tweet.
Yes, certain games can play with 6+ people; there should be at least 2 games in each Jackbox Party Pack that can play with up to 8 people. Unfortunately, it does seem to be in only English for now.
You'll want to look into Ziggurat (magic wand FPS) and Immortal Redneck.
I'm looking for some good story-heavy games on this sale, any suggestions? Some I have in my library include (but are not limited to): Danganronpa series, Zero Escape Nonary Games, STEINS;GATE, Life Is Strange (the original), A Night in the Woods, To the Moon, Rakuen, Finding Paradise, Pyre, Aviary Attorney, Undertale, LISA, and most of the Telltale games. EDIT: I'm getting a lot of recs that I already own, so here's my full list of story games for reference. I own all of these story based games + Witcher 3 on GOG: https://imgur.com/a/C20r4g0
I can second the guy who said Worms Armageddon. It's essentially the definitive Worms games, which makes it one of the best chaotic turn based party games for just blasting your friends with various bombs, guns, and animals. Still holds up well to this day. Other stuff I'd recommend: Rivals of Aether Invisigun Heroes Overcooked (both 1 &amp; 2) Speedrunners Helldivers Magicka 2 All the other Jackbox Party Packs (in particular, 2, 3, and 5) Rayman Legends Hammerwatch Assault Android Cactus Best of luck!
I own this as well, I really should be getting back into this. It's hard to run at times due to its inoptimization, but my god there is simply nothing like it.
I also own this, got this a while back when it was on sale for about 12 bucks. Perhaps I'll start it up soon, thanks!
I've 100%ed 0 as well, loved every moment of it.
I think I have a copy on GOG, perhaps I'll have time to dig it up and give it a go this winter break.
Ori and the Blind Forest might be up your alley if you like challenging platformers with hand drawn art.
The best walking sim (in my opinion) would be What Remains of Edith Finch. Some of the best story telling you'll find in a walking simulator alongside other "minigames" to help progress and tell the story. It's not quite a walking sim, but as a 2D platformer esque exploring game, take a look at Night in the Woods. Pretty relaxing game where you return to your hometown and talk with your friends and neighbors to find out what you've missed since your return from college.
Yeah, I've already categorized it in my library. Here's my full list: https://imgur.com/a/C20r4g0
http://steamcommunity.com/id/Mandraxon/ for reference, or if you just want to chat about story-based games/metroidvanias/3D platformers.
[Well shit, I can't believe you've actually done this.](https://imgur.com/a/U3mzfhv) Guess I'll have to give the game a whirl now. Thank you so much!
Behemoth does co-op games extremely well. See: Castle Crashers, Battleblock Theater, and Pit People. Note that only Castle Crashers can hold up to 4 people. Hammerwatch and Helldivers are also pretty good co-op choices for exploring vast dungeons/planets together. A more qualified recommendation that I’d offer is Lost Planet 3. It’s not so much fun getting around the initial Games For Windows Live account registration/sign in, but once you get past that, it’s probably the best co-op shooter I’ve ever played with friends, just shooting down aliens in strange, hostile environments.
I’ll throw my recommendation for Fallout 3 your way, but I recommend you get it on GOG over Steam, since it’s a bit easier to mod/stabilize that way. On the other hand, you should be just as fine buying Fallout New Vegas on Steam as on GOG, and it’s arguably the best (perhaps even better than Fallout 3) in the series.
You guys liked Diablo? In that case, Torchlight 1 &amp; 2 might be games you’ll want to look into.
Just Cause 2 definitely still holds up, though Just Cause 3 has an activated grapple that you can use to tear down buildings that can be very fun and satisfying to use. That being said, Just Cause 3 is also pretty unoptimized and requires a super beefy computer to run (I have a GTX 1060 and still get frame drops occasionally on high settings).
Oh that's true, I forgot about Battleblock's arena mode. I was thinking only about the main campaign levels, which seem to be for up to 2 players only.
Ok, I know you didn’t mean to be rude, but I still don’t quite understand the downvotes that my original reply got. Again, I don’t expect it to be mandatory for others to look at my list of story based games and then give recommendations based off of that; it seems customary for most other posters asking for recommendations to post some games they’ve played. If they don’t look at that list, that’s fine too, I’ll take whatever recommendations I can get. I think I’ve been more than accepting of all the responses that I’ve gotten for story based games, even if I’ve played some of them. I nevertheless appreciate any feedback I can get when asking for suggestions. So maybe it wasn’t your intention, but it still frustrates me that this is the attitude that some choose to bring up, when I’ve done nothing but happily accept all recommendations.
Give FTL or Nuclear Throne a try. Actually, most of the roguelite/roguelike genre would work great for you; Enter the Gungeon, Dead Cells, Rogue Legacy, and Dungeons of Dredmore are also great games to look at.
Try out FTL or Slay the Spire for good addicting roguelites. If you end up liking the genre, there are plenty of fantastic roguelites to be found on Steam.
I’ll list the ones off the top of my head that you haven’t mentioned, so forgive me if there are a few you’ve heard of/played: Rogue Legacy Nuclear Throne Neurovoider Crypt of the Necrodancer FTL Binding of Isaac: Rebirth Sunless Sea (more reading and narrative heavy than the others mentioned) Vagante Dead Cells Teleglitch Heat Signature 20XX Caves of Qud This should give you a good starting point. Best of luck!
Forget about his career, I don't know if he'll have a social life if he attacks Mango...
I can't wait for the Apex 2019 Salty Suite: Salem vs Melee Players in Ultimate, featuring Axe, Leffen, Westballz, and Armada.
Speaking of which, what's Jason's opinion on the entire matter? M2K literally lives/streams with this man, I can't see him tolerating this "Melee isn't part of the Smash community" bullshit in front of his face.
According to (Toph? feel free to correct me if I'm wrong), he chose to focus on his studies for the time being.
Watch Hbox stand up for the game he loves and enter the fray. Then things will get REALLY crazy.
I thought it was over when he lashed out sarcastically at Axe. Then he went for Armada. I can't wait for the sequel, where he hunts down Silent Wolf and attempts to dethrone Mew2King.
I think he'll try to complete the circle and go right to the source, mocking Sakurai for making Melee in the first place. Man, I was mostly indifferent for Ultimate character predictions, but trying to predict Salem's next target in his Twitter outlashes is surprisingly amusing.
You know, as mildly annoyed as I am because Salem thinks my favorite e-sports game isn't part of the Smash Community, a part of me is really glad that we're getting so much fresh pasta and meme material from the whole meltdown.
You know what makes this even more amusing? [He actually unironically said something pretty damn similar to this.](https://twitter.com/LiquidSalem/status/1077004975031619584) I can't tell what's fact or fiction anymore.
Please do. /r/20xxstories awaits your input.
It would take years of research to avoid an outcome like this
They might not be on the same team for long at this rate...
If they can get away with streaming [live murder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7i0PUCX7VEw), then I think they can get away with streaming a public execution.
Plup has already posted on his Twitter that he wants in on the "research memes." Salem's in for a nasty surprise if he goes for Plup.
I need a link to this. Now. What the hell has this man been up on Christmas morning?
Oh no... Salem, it's Christmas for Christ's sake. Save the cruxification for Easter at least...
What. The. Fuck. Why can't this man just be happy that there are more Melee players who want to enjoy this game with him? Can't we all just drink some eggnog on Christmas day and play some Smash?
[You when you wrote this comment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjvzyMyxERA)
This man is out of control. Who's next on the hit list, Ka-Master? Abate? Maybe Bizzarro Flame?
Along with that I know many things that most don’t know about these communities. Melee isn’t part of the actual smash community and I’m not saying that because I don’t like them. I’m saying that based off of years of research.
Generated this week? Clearly, it took Salem years of research.
Can I get a link to the Twitch vod once it's posted?
No one is safe from Salem's tweets. Hide your wife and your children. For Salem is someone who constantly tweets and says whatever he wants and doesn't care about anything. People like him are extremely dangerous.
Perfect for my Christmas morning. Happy holidays!
Yoku's is a ton of fun; if you like metroidvanias with pinball elements integrated into platforming, then it will be right up your alley.
The Visual Novel goes into a lot more details about the actions and thoughts of characters that the anime unfortunately doesn’t have time to fully cover, so yes, I’d say it’s absolutely worth it to buy the source material and check it out for yourself.
I’ve heard good things about Deep Rock Galactic. Perhaps look into that?
It’s not on sale right now (so maybe just put it on your wishlist for now), but the remake for Katamari Damacy (called Katamari Damacy: Rerolled) should be a pretty fun and colorful game that’s still pretty easily visible from your bed.
Hammerwatch should be able to run on just about anything and is great for some co-op dungeon crawling fun.
If you’re okay with playing Journey-esque games where it’s more about the adventure and the atmosphere than the sheer gameplay, then try out Abzu. You’ll need a somewhat solid rig to run it, but there’s nothing quite like swimming through various oceanic environments surrounded by colorful wildlife.
Absolutely. If you like first person 3D puzzle platforming games (think: Portal), then there aren’t many better games to go for than Talos Principle. It also has a much more philosophical feel than Portal, while still maintaining that high technology element.
Rimworld usually doesn’t ever go on sale, and probably won’t go on sale for the foreseeable future according to its developers.
Technically not a sale, but if you’re an active Humble Monthly subscriber for this month, you can buy Rimworld off the Humble Store for a 10% discount.
Here are some assorted suggestions: Rocket League (one of the only sports games on Steam I enjoy) Witcher 3 (probably the best 3D action adventure RPG) Okami (classic cell shaded 3D Legend of Zelda esque adventure game) Final Fantasy X Remastered Bayonetta Baldur’s Gate II
Some assorted suggestions: Castle Crashers Overcooked Towerfall Ascension Ultimate Chicken Horse Rivals of Aether Helldivers Stick Fight the Game Hammerwatch Invisigun Heroes Screencheat Rayman Legends
I’ll second Ori and Hollow Knight. Here are some more assorted suggestions from me: Guacamole (1 &amp; 2) Environmental Station Alpha Axiom Verge La Mulana (1 &amp; 2) Splasher Gravity Ghost Braid Rayman Legends If you want some 3D platformer suggestions, let me know and I’ll update accordingly!
It’s not on sale right now (so maybe just put it on your wishlist), but I’d say the best detective game I’ve played on Steam would have to be Return of the Obra Dinn. It’s by Lucas Pope, the creator of Papers Please, and essentially you wander a ghost ship, trying to figure out what exactly went wrong and led to the deaths of so many crew members and passengers during the last hours of the expedition.
I’ve been considering getting it. Out of curiosity, how did you get the 50% off coupon?
Try Wizard of Legend (which is probably cheaper on Humble Monthly as the early unlock + other games), or other roguelites such as Nuclear Throne and Dead Cells.
Rakuen and To the Moon are amazing, but be prepared to be left in tears. You can also finish What Remains of Edith Finch in about 4 hours, and it’s probably the best walking simulator out there with fantastic story telling through various “mini games” presenting vignettes of a family over generations.
Crosscode might be worth looking into for you.
The ones to start with would probably be Final Fantasy X Remastered, and Tales of Berseria.
If you have a beefy enough rig (or don’t mind playing on somewhat lowered settings) and like 3rd person action adventure games with plenty of platforming and gun/bow combat in exotic and harsh environments, then I’d say go for it.
Behemoth makes some pretty good co-op games (the ones you'll want to look at in particular are Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theater). Also try out Hammerwatch for some pixel dungeon crawling action, or Lost Planet 2 for one of the must fun co-op shooters (if you're willing to get past the outdated Games For Windows Live login).
Okami has a pretty solid fishing minigame, aside from also being one of the best action-adventure games with a pretty distinct cel-shaded graphics style.
[Wild. Animal. Racing.](https://store.steampowered.com/search/?snr=1_4_4__12&amp;term=wild+animal+racing)
If you like co-op platformers, Towerfall Ascension should be right up your alley.
Here's a short list of games you and your friends might enjoy: Ultimate Chicken Horse Move or Die Bloody Trapland Magicka 2 Jackbox Party Pack games Castle Crashers Star Wars Battlefront 2 (requires Gameranger for the online) Deep Rock Galactic Left 4 Dead 2 Garry's Mod Terraria Starbound Stick Fight: The Game Human Fall Flat Pummel Party Have fun!
I have mixed feelings about Magicka to be honest. My friends and I tried to play it a week ago, and we either had issues where some of us couldn't connect to the server, or where there was a "white fog" on the screen because Magicka wouldn't run properly with Nvidia cards.
No problem, hope you're having fun bodying that damn giraffe. Also, [NEO AQUARIUM](https://store.steampowered.com/app/355240/NEO_AQUARIUM__The_King_of_Crustaceans/) is a thing.
Try looking into Volume and Aragami.
Pretty broad category, what kind of games/genres do you like or have played? I can try and narrow it down from there.
Hotline Miami, Heat Signature, and Mr Shifty should be able to get your heart pumping.
Don’t know why you’re getting downvoted, I quite enjoyed your recommendations. I’ve played through Primordia by Wadjet and loved it, so how does it compare to Blackwell? I believe Wadjet was also behind the development for the Blackwell series.
Stardew Valley for sure. Rimworld and Factorio are also great building games, but never go on sale. They are absolutely worth the price though.
I don’t think you can go wrong with Ori, it’s the best Metroidvania I’ve ever played alongside Hollow Knight. Beautiful hand drawn visuals, breathtaking soundtrack, and the best movement I’ve ever seen in a Metroidvania.
Final Fantasy X Remastered or Tales of Berseria are good starting points. Or if you’re willing to get old school, there’s probably no better starting point than Chrono Trigger.
Subnautica has some of the most beautiful marine environments, but note that the survival mode is not really for relaxing. That said, sandbox mode might be your thing.
Hmm... seems like you might be slightly interested in rogue-lites. Try looking into games like FTL, Enter the Gungeon, Mr Shiftry, Neon Chrome, Wizard of Legend (which you can buy as an early unlock on Humble Monthly), Vagante, Deathstate, Neurovoider, Barony, Death Road to Canada, 20XX, Heat Signature, Basingstoke, etc. As for Terraria, I think the closest thing to it is Starbound (basically 2D crafting/exploration in space). Let me know if you want any more specific recommendations for any of the genres in the games you've listed!
Unfortunately, I've never heard of The Long Reach. I like the pixel aesthetics though, they seem really reminiscent of WadJet's art style (they're the developers of some of the best point and clicks on Steam, including but not limited to, Primordia, Shardlight, and the Blackwell series), and the reviews seem pretty strong. Apparently there are also comparisons to the game "The Lone Survivor" (a 2D pixelated psychological horror game), so if that's up your alley, then it looks like a good pick.
No problem, thanks for the extra information. Seems like a game that I'd enjoy, so I'll consider picking it up.
Can I get some links to some vods from this tournament with Husband and Wife commentary when they're up?
The spot dodge master has finally come upon Summit 8. Prepare to get techchased and down smashed
Where’s Mew2King
It was all downhill for Plup after Genesis 6 :(
Zain wiped him 3-0 at GOML, but I also think aMSa was playing pretty off that tournament. In other words, I don't really know what to expect from this set. Basically what I'm saying is: aMSa is traditionally pretty good vs Marth, but as seen from GOML (as well as how much Zain has improved), don't count out Zain.
I think the Wizzrod is about to grow a few more inches.
Technically not a super major, but Wizzy also reached Grand Finals (also vs Hungrybox) at Smash Rivalries in 2017, where Mango and Mew2King were also in attendance.
Looks like the new Hbox is bodying Plup, and losing to Wizzy and Leffen. EDIT: Nevermind, what a comeback by Hbox. Looks like Big Leff won't have his way this time.
Dreamhack Winter, 2017. Also came to my mind, though it definitely wasn't as stacked as Smash Rivalries.
Wizzy did it at Optic last year, while coming from losers bracket and 3-0ing him the first set. I believe in the Wizzrod.
Wizzy's wins at Smash Rivalries included his first set win over Mew2King, a set over Druggedfox (who was playing on fire that tournament and 3-0ed both SFAT and Swedish Delight), Duck, and Chudat (who previously reversed 3-0ed Mango), all before resetting the Grand Finals bracket vs Hbox.. So while the Dreamhack Winter wins were still nevertheless important for Wizzy, I consider his Smash Rivalries run a bit better.
Hax$, are you watching?
Fair point. Fortunately it was a fairly stacked invitational, though no Armada, Plup, and Leffen in attendance (as compared to Summit).
Hax started as a Falcon main, but switched over to Fox after The Big House 3 (2013) after complaining that Falcon was a shitty character (very briefly summarized) and that Fox was the key to winning tournaments. He still memes a lot about Falcon being his "favorite bottom tier." Don't get me wrong, Hax is one of my favorite players. But I like seeing this belief of his being proven wrong lmao
Optic Arena just last summer, where he double eliminated Hbox in Grand Finals. That said, it's still nowhere as impressive as winning this tournament.
See [here](https://old.reddit.com/r/smashbros/comments/bw3lys/congratulations_to_the_winner_of_melee_singles_at/epuvumx/).
He hasn't said anything noteworthy recently about Falcon (from my knowledge); rather, Hax just tends to meme about how Falcon is a shitty character that will never win tournaments. He used to be a Captain Falcon main, but switched to Fox after The Big House 3 (2013).
Gotcha
So do I :(
Plup and Leffen were not at Smash Rivalries.
I hope someone has a crowd reaction VOD of Wizzy falcon punching Hbox in their first set. The crowd absolutely went alive.
1. aMSa 2. Axe 3. Most Tri-state folks (i.e. iBDW, Qerb, Hax$, Rishi, Captain Smuckers, etc) 4. Other mid-tier/low-tier heroes (i.e. Abate, Bizzarro Flame, Franz, Taj, n0ne, etc) 5. Mew2King/Mang0/Zain/S2J/Spud/SFAT when he's fighting vs Zain/etc. 3-5 is subject to change depending on specifically who's playing and how I'm feeling that day (i.e. sometimes I'll root for Mew2King or Mang0 over some of the Tri-state folks if they're on a hot run and look like they can win a tournament), but that's how the list usually goes. Also, MattDotZeb, Drephen, and Borp fit somewhere in this top 5 after Axe. I also enjoy watching good Falco as well, so seeing Westballz, Santi, Rocky, or other great Falcos play well is always a pleasure.
MeleeEveryday just uploaded the VOD [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka4WLo4pB-8).
Wizzy slapping his chair like Donkey Kong at Smash Rivalries better be at least a B tier. Also, Professor Pro dancing on Rolex in the money match is S tier material.
/u/PPMD1, can we have a sub goal for detailed analysis of the greatest pop offs in Smash history?
The TV Slap is an automatic F rank, abuse of CRTs is very frowned upon in this community
I will pop by tomorrow's stream to do everything in my power to ensure this becomes a thing then :D
I try my best
You actual madman. Never stop what you're doing.
The metagame is ever evolving as usual
You are correct, n0ne is at Summit.
Medz just upset KJH 3-2. Very close set.
Moky getting into Summit after his killer run at GOML would seal the deal for me. Wouldn't mind seeing Fiction or Medz get to Summit either.
This comment isn't necessarily targeted at you, but for any player looking for a different kind of icies: look up some Fluid or Techboy (yes, Techboy does play Melee) VODs on Youtube. Fluid rarely seems to wobble, and Techboy never wobbles, so if you're looking for an Icies of a different punish and neutral game, those two guys are definitely worth looking into. Or you can go watch some of Fly Amanita's or Wobbles' old VODs on Youtube.
I ain't complaining if this ends up being a trend. PPMD's going to pull another Apex 2015 if that's the case
Ultimate Grand Finals just ended. Melee should be coming up soon... depending on how long it takes for them to get set up...
Moky's pretty damn good at the Fox ditto while SFAT hasn't been the most solid at the ditto. Really hoping that Moky pulls through.
Mango throwing down the BIG BUCKS with his $1 bills
https://twitter.com/johnny_S2J/status/1137800339267018752
That moment when Lucky gets 4 stocked just as the thread comes up...
I feel like Lucky losing to Swedish was more due to Lucky playing like absolute garbage than Swedish playing well
Staying up til 1:43 AM ended up being worth it.
/u/moky_dokie, you finally did it. I'm so glad I stayed up til 1:45 AM watching you, I couldn't be any happier that the one guy I really wanted in Summit made it. Congrats dude, see you at Summit :)
Imagine a timeline where Moky double eliminates S2J in revenge for [this](https://twitter.com/johnny_S2J/status/1137800339267018752).
He did. Game 3 was not close; Fluid started a couple of wobbles vs Fiction, but ended up dropping them halfway, and still secured the edgeguard to beat him.
Looking back at the commentary, I thought there were definitely some good moments. Mango throwing down his $1 bills vs Vish's hundreds, Vish and Mango fighting over Aladdin, and Spud calling Vish a cunt were golden. Unfortunately, like some of the other comments have already mentioned, Vish and Chillin are really good at beating a dead horse, and I kind of wish they gave a bit more of a mention to Moky's run, especially during his match vs Swedish. I think I ended up enjoying the commentary overall, but there were definitely times where I wished the commentators toned it down a bit. Also, I got downvoted on /r/smashbros for conceding that even though I found the commentary a little obnoxious, I could understand if others found it funny. But that's reddit in a nutshell.
I hope this means we get to see Moky at Summit .5. If he styled this much in tournament, I can't wait to see him go ham in friendlies against the best players in the world.
Moky did not play Lucky this tournament, but he also beat Aura (who had just 3-0ed Army), and beat Westballz in a tense game 5 set.
Moky currently has wins over Plup, SFAT, Swedish Delight, Lucky, KJH, and Westballz. All 6 of those wins are top 20 players right now, with 2 of them top 10 players. He has a strong case for top 20 (and might actually already be top 20) if he gets another strong win at Smash Summit 8. EDIT: He also double eliminated Michael at Hold That L 2.
Basically, it's Cards Against Humanity but the prompts are not as lewd, and you can respond however you want within the character limit. 2 players are randomly selected to respond to a prompt (with each player responding to 2 prompts in a round), and the other players + crowd (if there is a crowd) vote on their favorite response to each prompt. The winner theoretically should have the funniest responses to the prompt, and points are allocated based off of percentage of other players/the crowd that chose that player's response. If all the players choose one response over the other (and the majority of the crowd chooses one response over the other), it's called a Quiplash, and there's a point bonus.
Why would Leffen be seeded higher than Wizzy? Wizzy in general has better placings than Leffen (4th at GOML compared to Leffen's 3rd, but 1st at SMS5 compared to Leffen's 3rd), and has a supermajor win on top of that. Wizzy also has 3 Hbox wins as compared to Leffen's 1 Hbox win.
[Moky is teaming with n0ne.](https://twitter.com/n0ned/status/1138189626395381760)
S2J took Hbox to Game 5 at Genesis 6, where he actually beat Hbox on Dreamland. I obviously still wouldn't favor him as much as Wizzy in the matchup, but I think S2J still stands a better chance of beating Hbox than n0ne.
Oh wait, you're absolutely right. I'll correct that, thanks!
On that topic, I am very much looking forward to the custom prompt rounds of Quiplash that were promised at Summit. The inside jokes and resulting roasts should bring some memorable moments.
And the crowd can play along
He played Falco vs Medz for the first 2 games. At that point, he was down 2-0, and switched to Falcon to reverse 3-0 him.
Oddly enough, most of their sets at SSS seem to go the opposite way. Johnny has won a few of their SSS sets, but most of the SSS sets (and most of their tournament sets) have Fiction winning, according to Liquipedia.
OH MY GOD IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL I CAN'T BELIEVE THE MADMAN MADE IT HAPPEN
https://twitter.com/LocusSK/status/1138488231920455680
Wizzy wasn’t originally invited to Summit 8. This is most likely because Wizzy did not enter any Melee events between Smash Summit 7 and GOML (invites were announced before GOML).
The true revenge of Hax$
For the record /u/SaveAsUntitled, aMSa and Leffen have actually played each other 3 times, and [at their first set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5AmYxRbZ3Y), aMSa took Leffen to game 5 (so he has taken 2 games off of Leffen). Of course, I still wouldn't favor aMSa vs Leffen at all; it's going to be an uphill battle. Thanks for the analysis! Glad to see another great pre-Summit vid.
I think he was trying to spell aMSa with his picks (Axe, Moky, Spud), but then Leffen sniped aMSa.
Play of the tournament has to go to Zain for [this](https://clips.twitch.tv/BreakableSilkyChinchillaOpieOP)
Oh I did. I saw the entirety of the final Ultimate Summit game. What a glorious mess that was.
I don't know but clearly JOHNNY MUST BE MAFIA BECAUSE HE HASN'T SAID A SINGLE WORD &amp;#x200B; (obvious /s, I think they were fine questioning him, but they got too caught up over Johnny over other more obvious suspects)
My man needs a redemption arc after this game. I know he can do way better than that, and he was so close to saving town.
So the lesson to be learned here is that he should probably just rely on his body language reads and just go with the flow (or react to the opposite) for dialogue. The Mafia metagame continues to evolve in subtle, yet complex ways
Well now I want to see HMW play Mafia again just so he can be mafia. No one would ever suspect him of being mafia. He always lives until the end anyways, and he would be the most sympathetic, open player in his conversations. We need this plot twist to happen.
I'm heading to sleep now, but if you end up finding those mafia sessions, I'd love a link.
LMAO at least HMW tried to throw off the scent of the town by saying that the other mafia were on his side of the room
[Black Mirror](https://old.reddit.com/r/smashbros/comments/bitci9/we_are_the_organizers_of_smash_summit_8_ama/em2wqxi/)
Thanks!
Whoops, thanks for the correction.
Damn it Wizzy, you had Game 4 :( Game 4 is on Pokemon Stadium btw
Good set, glad that Mang0 pulled through after the tragedy of Game 3.
Axe made a lot of mistakes (he often didn't Up B to ledge when he needed to, which gave Leffen a ton of opportunities to punish, missed a lot of edgeguards, and kept dash attacking which gave Leffen opportunities to grab or Up Smash). Leffen was playing competently, but Axe definitely looked off.
The Smash Summit classic. Hungrybox is currently up 2-1 in Smash Summit sets, and has won the last set at Summit 7 3-2. Can aMSa pull off another upset?
HOLY SHIT BEST SET OF THE TOURNAMENT, MY WEEKEND HAS BEEN MADE MY HEART CAN'T TAKE ANY MORE OF THIS
:O
Aww, Hbox. You're a damn good competitor and you're literally THE guy to beat. The man deserves respect for giving his all as #1, I don't want him to feel like that.
So uh, welcome to Ontario?
It's about 70% Drephen, just needs some more spotdodges in a row for that remaining 30%
Despite the 3-0, Drephen played his heart out, and I definitely have a new favorite Sheik. I have never cheered so much for a Sheik before lmao
That Avalancer guy is washed dude, he stopped playing about a year ago. I hear this up and comer nebbii is claiming his spot as the best blue Yoshi though
No prob :)
"The real answer SFAT couldn't attend Summit" "Zain in attendance"
Rick was too beautiful for this Summit Mafia world
HMW: "Yeah, Chelly's prob town, but we need to kill her anyways. She's a liability at this point, we gotta get rid of the liabilities." Me: "Hmmmmmmmm"
They hated him because he told the truth
Man, this feels like even more of a tragedy than last night. Chelly had the exact right read, but town decided to completely overlook the suggestion and instead bandwagon on Rick, who was trying to logic his way to save the town. Waff does not seem to have learned the lesson of "my reads are all wrong" and in fact has somehow dipped below 0% accuracy. Hugo was about to make his redemption arc by explaining Rick's logic, but apparently the town is not good with logic and out of fear, lynched Hugo. Some solid plays from mafia with the double tap on Chillin and Vish to throw off the scent and trick town into thinking that the medic is still alive/ mafia might only have one kill power, but the town just can't seem to bring it together. Drephen and Chelly need to play a bit more assertively and not allow HMW to dominate the conversation (i.e. remind him of last night), and Void needs to realize that he was on the right track that someone being completely wrong can still be used as indications for reads. Think I'm done watching mafia for tonight, was a good day for Melee and Quiplash at least. I really hope that the town adapts around some of the players trends for the next couple of days to give themselves a better chance. Or maybe we'll have a mafia game where Leffen doesn't die night 1 and can show them the light.
That too. Mang0 has always pointed out how whenever players act differently from how they usually act in Mafia, that you should always be suss of them. But I guess the town isn't going to remember that if Mang0 doesn't point it out himself lmao
He might actually be the Mafia MVP with how much he's skewed the conversation
[https://www.twitch.tv/videos/439185108?filter=highlights&amp;sort=time](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/439185108?filter=highlights&amp;sort=time)
My B, just changed the link.
Np
Did Drephen not know that he can reveal his role in order to gain credibility when he outs Mang0, or was he just too afraid? The world may never know
https://twitter.com/pg_zain/status/1060980925729771522?lang=en
You might have forgotten about their Smash Summit 5 set, where Hbox 3-1ed him. (Obviously the set count is now 2-2, tied because aMSa just won this set.)
Correction, Borp is Drephen without tech skill.
And he’s lost to aMSa before at Smash Summit 6 (2018)
JESUS CHRIST MANGO HE HAS A FAMILY
The entirety of pools is going to be finished, and then there should be some singles bracket action. That isn't going to be finished today though, and I don't know to what extent.
Anyone coming from /u/SaveAsUntitled's vid, aMSa and Leffen have actually played 3 times in their history, with their first set at ROF 3 going to game 5, last stock. So aMSa has taken games off of Leffen, but nevertheless, he has never beaten Leffen, and Leffen has 3-0ed him at their last encounter at Smash Summit 6. This will be an uphill battle for aMSa, but nevertheless, I'll wait to see how this plays out. aMSa's improved a lot over the last year, so I hope he can bring it this set.
Well this wasn't a 3-0, I think I have a bit more hope for aMSa despite the loss. He'll bring it back next time.
It's mostly iBDW recognizing that Falco is still stuck in hitstun, and due to Ginger's DI, he had enough time to jump up to top platform and get the kill confirm with upsmash.
Holy, what a giant upset. Trif's mind must be a fucking fortress.
Yup: https://smash.gg/tournament/smash-summit-8/events/melee-singles/brackets/605198/1002823 EDIT: PTAS spamming in chat that the bracket is wrong, might have to wait a bit.
Done and done, thanks.
Thanks for the save bro, I really appreciate it. I’ll let you know as soon as I’m ready.
Of course. Would you expect anything less?
Hey, back now. Thanks for taking over for me!
It's been a rough weekend for Cody, glad to see him take a set over a top 10 player after their last set.
This might be one of the best sets of the tournament
So many good sets from Summit. This might be the best non top 10 sets I've seen this year.
aMSa is not up in sets vs HBox, the record is 4-2 in favor of Hbox.
Alright folks, it was great handling the threads for today. Tomorrow's Father's Day, so I will see how many of the threads I can do, but no guarantees. See everyone tomorrow for final singles bracket!
Nah, definitely could be worse. He could have been matched up vs Hbox.
I feel like aMSa and Mang0 both have a really good chance of getting to Winners Finals (and potentially winning the whole tournament) depending on how Wizzy vs aMSa goes. aMSa can definitely beat Wizzy just based off of how aMSa was starting to adapt at SMS5, but it definitely won't be easy.
Mang0 bought him a spectator pass in exchange for votes I believe.
"double-tap is the electoral college of Summit Mafia" -some guy in Twitch chat
Plup has mentioned on stream that he's prepped a Puff vs Hbox in the scenario they meet in bracket. We'll just have to see tomorrow how it goes.
Even in Mafia, the Hbox / Mang0 rivalry continues. Even though they're on the same side. This is how you know this is Melee Mafia.
Remember last Summit? Bananas bodied Mew2King and convincingly beat Mang0 in pools. Then in bracket, he proceeded to barely lose to both Leffen and Rishi, and got 9th place. Summit brackets are rough :(
He's been the subject of a 2 major upsets at Genesis 6 and Smash and Splash 5 (Bimbo, and The Swooper, respectively), and was eliminated by Duck at Genesis 6 and iBDW at Smash and Splash 5 (getting 25th at G6 and 17th at SMS5). He does, however, have a win over Mew2King at Genesis 6, when he eliminated him from bracket. &amp;#x200B; We'll see how he does at the upcoming Low Tier City 7. Wobbling will be banned, so it will be an uphill battle for him.
Aiden selling out Crunch in order to protect himself and gain credibility for the rest of the game is one of the biggest balls plays I've seen in Smash Mafia. We'll see if this pays off. Edit: His interjection against mafia being called inexperienced ended up being a play of inexperience. The irony is not lost on me
AIDEN WHY DID YOU HAVE TO OPEN YOUR MOUTH ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS NOTHING YOU COULD HAVE JUST WALKED AWAY AND YOU WOULD HAVE WON WHY AIDEN WHY
Town: "Hey Aiden, we don't understand how Toph is alive. Must be a pretty inexperienced mafia if the medic is still alive." Aiden: "Well, I'm not the mafia, but if I was the mafia, here is why I think the medic would still be alive and what I would do if I was the theoretical mafia. But I'm not mafia!" Town: "HmmmmMMMMMMM"
You were so close man. You'll definitely get them next time. If this was one of your first games, you are already infinitely better than HMW was on his 15th + game.
Holy shit, Ken's brain is exponentially expanding. No wonder why this man's mind has never been tested in regular mafia, his brainwaves would just consume everyone.
I respect you playing for the long con. It almost worked beautifully too.
Watching Ken and Slime throwing down their wallets in the final 3 of a 6 man Mafia is not how I thought I would be spending my Sunday morning. But I would not have it any other way.
Watching Ken and Slime throw down their wallets in the final 3 of a 6 man Mafia is not how I thought I would be spending my Sunday morning. But I would not have it any other way.
HOLY SHIT SLIME SLIMING HIS WAY INTO ANOTHER SCENE
All he had to do was the exact same thing. And he fucking did it. What an absolute madman.
Yeah man, it's about a month since Hbox won Momocon and less than two months since he won Pound 2019, Hbox's drought must be unbearable &amp;#x200B; (/s, but I'm interested to see how Hbox does vs Plup's Puff and Big Leff. Should be a good watch)
Despite Drephen going 0-5 this tournament (as he was projected to), I'm just glad Drephen is here at this tournament. He seems so genuinely happy to be here with all the other top players.
Fixed, thanks!
Fixed
Nah I still got time, I can fix this up. Thanks for letting me know.
Trif is the real deal. Think he might have a strong case for top 15 after this tournament.
Oh he's definitely top 20.
Not yet, we'll see if he does later in the set.
Well, they never did play again after Armada switched to Fox vs Otto :(
Didn't happen
The homie stock into homie game combo D:
Didn't happen I guess
Not like this :( Cody played phenomenal. Pour one out for the kid though
GRSmash Top 10 Hard Reads
Rooting for Axe, Wizzy, or aMSa to take home the gold. It'll be tough, but I think all of them have a great shot at winning the tournament (particularly Wizzy, and Axe if Leffen takes out Hbox).
Think I need to eat dinner after this set. Can someone take over after this set til I get back?
Hey, thanks for taking over the tournament threads. Mind if I leave the rest of top 8 to you? Also this thread is about to blow up, hope you disabled inbox replies
Only man to go for the read in this thread, and you made it count
HMW telling Chelly in mafia that they have to kill off the liabilities
[Found it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo_efYhYU2A)
That is me being a derp and getting too excited about the upcoming match &amp;#x200B; Thanks for correcting me by the way, appreciate it
Cody was thinking about the future of his Melee career when he was flying to the Mang0. &amp;#x200B; I'm sure Mang0 and aMSa won't mind a dip so Cody's career continues :)
Zain normally has had it rough vs Wizzy, but he reverse 3-0ed Wizzy at their last engagement at GTX. This should be a good set.
That moment when Cody might actually build a better case for Top 10 in a single tournament than SFAT's entire half year
Definitely top 15, and has a potential case for top 10 if he somehow builds up even more of a resume this tournament that's stronger than SFAT's entire half year.
Oh definitely, it's not like Cody doesn't already have a few Top 20 wins under his belt (like Lucky twice).
HOLY SHIT AXE IS IN WINNERS SIDE OF GRAND FINALS
Game 4 has some crazy bad melee So proud of Cody for his run this weekend. Can't wait to see him at CEO
Alright Slime, what's your secret? How the hell do you come up with this shit?
Nice post iRock :)
Wizzy is actually in Leffen's brain right now... From commentators: EVISCERATION
If that's what it takes, so be it.
I'm a moron lmao Give me a sec
Someone please remind me why Wizzy is not sponsored
Why can't we get some low tier matches like Puff vs Fox or Marth vs Sheik? Smh
Wizzy is a god at tech chasing, partially because he's part of 20GX which is the movement to optimize Falcon, and partially because Wizzy's reaction speed is unreal (as in, he's probably the only human being who makes it look possible to reaction tech chase Sheik). Factor that with his solid edgeguarding and his out of this world DI/SDI (because he plays Smash 64 and is top 5 in that game too), and you've got one of the scariest players you could ever possibly face in bracket.
Don't forget that he knocked S2J into losers.
I want Axe to win a supermajor, but I don't think there is a bad outcome here. This tournament is already in the books as one of the greatest Melee tournaments ever.
[Me when Axe wins Summit](https://gfycat.com/richmedicalkitten-melee-pizza-axe) Congratulations on being the first Pikachu to ever win a supermajor Axe. Enjoy your pizza, you glorious mid tier hero. Also, Tristate couldn't be any more proud of iBDW. Sent S2J to losers, then proceeded to eliminate Moky, Mang0, aMSa, and Hbox en route to a 4th place finish at his first Summit as a vote in. I think he's already top 15 by this time, and at this pace, he has a really good shot at cracking top 10.
Show up for Axe Mang0 Wednesdays. Tell your friends.
A Pikachu just won a supermajor. How much longer til a Yoshi wins a supermajor? Prospects are looking up
~~I believe so.~~ &amp;#x200B; Correction, Wobbles punches the wall after he falls in a crew battle, while the [axe.pizza](https://axe.pizza) gif is when Mang0 zero to deaths Plup on Pokemon Stadium to clutch the set out. Both of these events did happen at Smash Summit 2 though.
Summit has always counted on the MPGR. Good placements and strong wins at Summit have led to Zain and aMSa's rise in the rank in 2018.
2018 was an amazing year for Melee. I think 2019 will be even better. And with Banjo in Smash, Ultimate's regained my attention. This is a good time to be a Smash player.
Hey, if PPMD can come back to streaming, I can certainly believe in the smash doc sequel.
Fly Amanita vs Silent Wolf (Kings of Cali 4) aMSa vs Crush (Battle of BC 2) Axe vs SFAT (Dreamhack Denver 2017) n0ne vs Gravy (TGL Monthly 7 Losers Finals) Hungrybox vs Armada (GTX 2017) Shiz vs Mew2King (ROM) Gravy vs KDJ (NSA 2) Chris Best vs Net1234 (EVO 2016) Just to name a few.
I think you're confusing aMSa's set with iBDW with his set versus Leffen. aMSa took a game off of Leffen and was extremely close to winning game 2, while iBDW 3-0ed him. Either way, Leffen came downstairs after the set and on the mic, talked about how much aMSa had improved since their last set.
I just looked it up, Wobbles punching a wall was right after he participated in a crew battle, while [axe.pizza](https://axe.pizza) is when Mang0 zero to deaths Plup in their set at Smash Summit 2.
Don't forget that Trif double eliminated aMSa at Phoenix Blue 2, and that SFAT sent aMSa to losers at GOML.
The definition of a supermajor gets tweaked by different players/people all the time, but [here's an example of one definition of a supermajor](https://www.reddit.com/r/smashbros/comments/c1ijoz/congratulations_to_the_winner_of_melee_singles_at/erdkqhd/?utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_medium=usertext&amp;utm_name=smashbros&amp;utm_content=t3_c1ijoz). Basically, you can argue that Smash Summit 8 is a supermajor, because the entire current top 10 (minus SFAT) is in attendance at this tournament, plus a plethora of some of the world's other strongest Melee players. These other strong Melee players include iBDW (who, after upsetting S2J, Mang0, aMSa, and Hbox, is most likely a top 15 player), Trif (who upset Mew2King at Genesis 6 and double eliminated aMSa at Phoenix Blue 2, plus getting an upset over Zain here), and Moky (who got 2nd at the Mang0 upsetting Westballz, SFAT, and Swedish Delight, and upset Plup, Lucky, and KJH at GOML to get 7th place). As such, because Summit is an invitational of the world's strongest players, Summit often appears even more stacked since the competition is ALL strong players (for example, aMSa's pools matches this tournament included matches vs S2J, Hungrybox, and Leffen, all of whom are top 10 players). So despite Summit's smaller attendance number (only 16 players competing in bracket), Summit tends to be just as stacked as super majors, if not more, and thus, often gets classified as a super major in itself.
Qerb also has set wins over 42nd, HTwa, Cob, and vortex. If Qerb managed to get wins such as a win over Duck or a win over Slox like past years, then I see no reason why Qerb wouldn't be able to make top 100.
Fiction has mentioned this on his stream, but the problem with Hugo is that Hugo has gotten too complacent with his play. Instead of actively attempting to change elements of his playstyle to keep up with the current meta, Hugo instead accepts that his play is who he is, and thus doesn’t really seem to improve against players or matchups that Samus needs to do well in to break into the next level (i.e he has continued to get 3-0ed by both Hungrybox and Armada, and still gets bodied by Chudat). Duck on the other hand, still has the spark that keeps him consistently improving; up until last year, Duck’s MIOM/MPGR rank continued to move up, and even last year, when his rank did not level up, he remained a consistent top 20 player and became the first Samus player to ever take a set off of Hungrybox.
Regarding your reasoning for ranking Leffen over Mang0 (because you can't see Leffen losing to Magi): why are you ranking players based off of how you think they're going to do in the *future*? You can't rank based off of a perception of future play, because it hasn't happened yet. You can only rank off of their past results for the year, from their big wins, losses, and placements.
Sure, but again, that didn't happen. You can't rank someone based off of something that didn't happen, because that's just speculation.
Because the problem is that his observation implies that he's ranking/judging players based off of how they could do rather than what they have done, which is not how you rank players. You can't rank a player based off of what they haven't done, you can only rank with actual results that have occurred. I don't think I'm the only one with this concern either; the third Youtube comment on the video points out this: " Don't title the video "who's the best RIGHT NOW" if you're going to put so much stock on past performances **and "what-ifs" e.g. Hbox will beat Amsa next time they meet. Just opens a whole can of worms. Anyone else could say "I think x player won't lose to y player next time based on this this and this**" "
&gt; After reading that comment I thought he’d use that premise the entire video but he surprisingly didn’t for almost everyone. Otherwise how does he put Wizzy #1 when he has a horrible past record against 2 other players? And that's pretty much why I made my original comment. I actually agree with most of the list (I do think Hbox is slightly overrated and might actually be below Axe, but that's up for debate and I could go either way), but /u/SaveAsUntitled's principles for ranking can get really strange at times. He'll put up specific arguments for ranking a certain player highly, and then ignore those arguments entirely for other players. For example, I remember pointing out last year for [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2nCRdHf5bI) that ranking Mew2King under Mango despite Mew2King winning Smash Summit 6 seemed really bogus; you can see my comment [here](https://old.reddit.com/r/smashbros/comments/8ignhp/ranking_the_top_10_after_summit/). Basically, I pointed out that SaveAsUntitled's logic for ranking Mew2King lower than Mango was because Mew2King had a bad Genesis (where he got 9th, losing to Lucky), but his logic there contradicts moving Axe above Wizzy after Axe got 2nd at Flatiron (despite Axe getting 17th at FB4, losing to Ginger and Swedish Delight). I think SaveAsUntitled's introduction to tournament videos are pretty spot on, but almost every ranking video he makes seems to suffer from inconsistent logic or some kind of bias that can lead to rankings that seem off. I felt the need to point out that ranking the best players in Melee *right now* means that you can't speculate about how a player will perform in the future, because *right now* does not include performances that have not happened yet. I hope that this line of thinking didn't affect this current ranking video too greatly, but I really don't want to encourage this line of thinking for ranking videos down the line in the future.
Certainly, I think he's definitely improved since then and isn't nearly as prone to recency bias as he used to be. Of course, my main problem with his current ranking vid as I pointed above was that he swung in the opposite direction and starting speculating how players would perform in the near future. This is fine for general tournament predictions and metagame direction discussion, but I think I've made it clear that that line of logic has no place in a current ranking video. Thanks for taking the time to politely ask me for elaborations by the way. It does feel nice to have cordial Melee discussions like this.
And that's fine! But you can't make current rankings based off of future results that haven't happened yet. How can you predict future results by ranking based off of future results that you are predicting? It's circular logic.
I'll be sure to tune into more moky streams, he's my favorite Fox to watch at the moment and his resurgence in the last couple of months has been exhilarating. I hope he figures out his real life situation, I'd definitely miss seeing him tournament.
For an upcoming video, could you make a whoopee cushion controller that activates Wario's Waft when you sit on the whoopee cushion?
The argument would be how much you value aMSa’s win over Hbox, but considering Plup’s winning record over Zain and Wizzy (which aMSa has not beat either of this ranking season), I would still seed Plup over aMSa. The gap between the two could definitely be closed if aMSa got any wins over Zain, Wizzy, or Plup however.
Did Axe and Bananas play one another this year? The last time I remember them playing one another is at GTX 2018. If they haven't played one another since, then I feel as if it's misleading to add Bananas to Axe's list of bad losses, since Bananas hasn't technically beat Axe this ranking season. Edit: Someone linked me to the tournament. Thanks!
That would make sense. What event was it, out of curiosity?
Thanks for the link, I really wish liquipedia and ssbwiki included this.
He's definitely still biased to some extent, but at least I'm not seeing videos of whether or not Chudat is still top 50 from him. (Yes I know that's a low bar, but I'll take what I can get. Some improvement is definitely better than nothing.)
Don't worry, we'll make sure /u/PPMD1 never finds out you clipped this
How was 2018 boring? Leffen won EVO 2019, Mew2King won Smash Summit 8, Zain won Shine 2018, Armada got his last hurrah at Super Smash Con 2018, Plup won Genesis 5, Wizzy won Optic and double eliminated Hungrybox, aMSa rose to top 10, etc. 2018 was the year where suddenly, it wasn't just one or two single players dominating all the tournaments. Sure, you could argue that the top 8s for the last quarter of the year (Big House 8 onwards) were not as exciting. But even so, there were tons of exciting sets and upsets to be found in those tournaments (Rishi vs Zain, Zain got his first upset over Wizzy and Mang0 got his first upset over Zain at GTX 2018, Bananas had a fantastic run at Smash Summit 7, etc). If anything, the majority of 2018 was a sneak peek at just how unpredictable 2019 Melee could become.
Now this, is the future of Melee.
For VODs that you can study, watch Techboy, Fluid, Wobbles (he does wobble from time to time, but generally will go for swag combos), and Fly Amanita's old vods.
Does D1 still count as a Melee rep?
Bought 428 a couple of months ago during Golden Week, and plowed through it pretty recently. One of the best visual novels I've played in a while; anyone who enjoys Zero Escape should definitely look into it.
You’re missing Axe’s set over Leffen at Smash Summit 8. Other than that, fantastic work!
What metroidvanias have you already played? I do know quite a few, but I'd like to know what kinds of metroidvanias you're familiar with/looking into.
Hmm... you've heard of the game Pony Island, right? The creator of Pony Island somewhat recently released another game that's just as bizarre and twisted as Pony Island called [The Hex](https://store.steampowered.com/app/510420/The_Hex/). It's currently 50% off, go take a look!
Maybe he's talking about Caveblazers?
I think you'll have better luck looking through Steam250's [Hidden Gems](https://steam250.com/hidden_gems) section.
You can't participate on a team and qualify to win games under a limited account: you need to spend at least $5 on that account so that the account isn't limited. Furthermore, you also have to participate to the team's distance by boosting at least once per day. Unless each account has the necessary points (from playing games/achievements) and the point capacity (from previous purchases, participating in the Grand Prix/Grand Prix tasks for smaller boosts, or from buying more stuff during the sale), it's not possible for a player to boost each day. Now do you see why it's not as easy as making 5 different accounts and putting them all on different teams?
Currently looking for interactive puzzle games with a strong story such as the Zero Escape trilogy, any suggestions?
Yeah, you're not the first to say that. There will probably be another variant of your comment tomorrow too. It's mostly why I spend my time searching for hidden gems, smaller indie games, and only sold on Steam games nowadays when figuring out what to buy.
What Remains of Edith Finch is probably the best walking simulator I've ever played due to the strength of how the stories are told, and is probably the next game you should look into. Also worth looking into is Night in the Woods, which is basically a 2D platformer exploration story-based game concerning a teenager attempting to find meaning back in her small town life.
The Witcher 3, Valve Complete Pack, and Stardew Valley is a pretty good place to start. Any genres you particularly like? I can try and give more specific recs from there.
No problem! Also worth looking into are games like Into the Breach Baba is You Return of the Obra Dinn LIMBO &amp; Inside Crosscode Gorogoa Battleblock Theater Celeste Sonic Mania Rain World Shantae series (start with Pirate's Curse) Rayman Legends Heartbeat Stardew Valley The older Final Fantasy games (before FF7) Chrono Trigger SteamWorld series (Dig, Dig 2, and Heist) Best of luck!
Into the Breach and Xenonauts sound like they're right up your alley.
Alright, I'll give a smattering of recs based off of the genres: * DOOM * Wolfenstein: The New Order * Void Bastards * Grim Dawn * Fallout 3 and Fallout New Vegas * Torchlight II * Bastion * Titan Quest * Nier Automata (get this later when it actually goes on sale) * Dragon's Dogma * Skyrim and Oblivion * Final Fantasy X Remastered * Yakuza 0 * Zero Escape Trilogy * 428 Shibuya Scramble * West of Loathing * Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2 * Bioshock trilogy Best of luck!
Wolfenstein: The New Order might be the first place to start. Do you consider Nazis to be monsters?
It looks like he's on the other side of Top 64: https://smash.gg/tournament/ceo-2019-fighting-game-championships/events/super-smash-bros-melee-singles/brackets/610407/1009938
Unfortunately, that's not the Game of the YoRHa Edition, so I would advise against getting that.
From what I can tell from Steam Reviews and the Community Hub, the bugs have been mostly fixed. If there are any issues, they seem to stem from the fact that the PC port is a port of the mobile port (so a lot of users are recommending to get the DS port, if possible).
He got 2nd place at this year's National Melee Arcadian. Definitely on the come-up.
Portal 2 has co-op online (2 players), Battleblock Theater has co-op online (2 players), Stardew Valley also has online co-op in servers for small parties, and Rayman Legends has local co-op for up to four players.
Love the Dangaronpa trilogy, I've 100%ed 1 and 2 and am in the process of playing through UDG. Hoping that they'll make more in the series eventually.
Congratulations to Hungrybox for winning CEO 2019!
Wizzy will probably have to beat Plup now if he wants a shot at winning this tournament. Congratulations to Hungrybox for winning CEO 2019!
I sure hope so, Plup’s record vs Falcon (while not sandbagging) is similar to Axe’s record vs Marth. Not to mention that Plup 3-1ed Wizzy at Smash Summit 8 just 2 weeks ago.
&gt; Magi comes on stream to play &gt; I glance briefly at Twitch Chat Here we go again... Magi in Top 8 though :D
I just want to see a sick up and coming Falco, Twitch chat doesn't always focus on that though :(
Yeah... &amp;#x200B; Glad to see that's not the case here on /r/SSBM or /r/smashbros (at least from what I've seen in my time).
Now this is an interesting pick. Thanks for the rec, I've added it to my wishlist :)
Huh, my past memories of Plup vs Wizzy must be affecting me, just took another look at it. Still wasn't close of a match, but you're right, it wasn't a wipe. Thanks for correcting me.
I definitely enjoyed Talos Principle, still need to do Road to Gehenna though. Thanks for the rec!
Interesting, definitely looking forward to the projected Losers Quarters match tomorrow then.
I'm definitely considering picking it up, it's been on my wishlist since release. Thanks for the rec!
Just a suggestion: Can we get a second Hidden Gems Thread halfway through the sale? With more players buying and trying out games throughout the sale, I feel as if that should give different users more of an opportunity to give updated game recs as to what hidden gems they've discovered during the sale.
Tell me something, Box
It's not just you, Twitch chat has been mashing F for a while
That's why there's a Puff next to his name
It's 12:48 PM, and I am watching a Puff ditto on Dreamland rendered by Microsoft Powerpoint in an already 15+ minute match. And it's only game 3... What a world we live in
So this is SFAT's true power when he doesn't have to fight Zain, Mang0, or Leffen
There are many. Start with something like Towerfall Ascension, Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime, most of the LEGO games (such as Lego Marvel Superheroes), Overcooked, Battleblock Theater, Broforce, or Rayman Legends.
No way
I don't believe so, but I do think it's the first time he's ever beat Plup's Sheik (as Sheik Main Plup) in a serious set.
Or Hugs vs Chudat (eventually)
Amazing set
Without platforms to escape to, Fox's punish game gets amplified against Falcon: if you manage to catch Falcon without a jump, Fox can juggle Falcon with aerials and then edgeguard with Shine or down-smash once Falcon is offstage to make Falcon's life pretty hellish on FD. Of course, the opposite is also true: without platforms to escape to, Wizzy has the time of his life just tech-chasing Foxes on FD.
We are five minutes into this set and this set is already over
Please don't compare my man Cody to SFAT, Cody doesn't have a 15 game loss streak to Zain
["Ledge gives me purpose"](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/044/502/c4a.jpg)
You mean Hbox wins a shit ton of tournaments. Puff is a good character, but it's Hbox winning the tournaments.
There were a lot of people cheering hard for Wizzy after his insane losers run, so it's understandable that they're a little disappointed there wasn't even a bracket reset. Granted, the folks that are posting stuff like "Hbox is killing Melee" obviously are taking it too far. But I can understand the general disappointment in this thread.
Never forget Pink Shinobi vs Rockcrock
Just cheer for whoever you want man. At the end of the day, there will always be detractors.
You'll have the dig through the Twitch VOD [here](http://twitch.tv/polaritygg) (look in past broadcasts); the Youtube VOD hasn't been uploaded yet. I'll try and update once it's been uploaded.
It was, yes.
Chris Best vs Net1234
Truly, SFAT vs Zain is the Westballz vs Mew2King of HugS vs Chudat.
How about Fiction or Ginger?
Guys I have a problem. I keep flicking my left joystick back and forth furiously in Hollow Knight but the enemies don’t react any differently to the mind games and just stab me and then I’m kill. Also I keep double jumping into the ground in Celeste but my character goes like nowhere. Any tips?
Ironic that New York City is now a major region with consistent weeklies as opposed to other regions
Yes, but they played with items on for most of the time.
Betting on Westballz to place top 8 in a major in 2020 is like leaving up your Christmas tree through February
All in all there are still a ton of placements I don’t agree with (Mang0 below Hungrybox, aMSa and Amsah right next to each other for no reason, Ken too low, etc). But I appreciate the work you’ve put into this nonetheless.
This is just an entire stream of Hax having an orgasm over Fox and I love it
You’ll place top 8 at Genesis (or even better, win) and get in that way. Show em what you’re made of king, you got this.
I've watched too many hype and technical good Melee sets lately, so I need some bad Melee in my life. What are your favorite bad Melee sets to watch? Don't link Chris Best vs Net1234 or Eikelmann vs Vish, I already have those bookmarked. Also please don't link any painful Melee sets like Chango vs Fauxhebro; I'm watching these sets to destress, not feel existential.
They had an exhibition set at Big House 5 iirc... though now that you mention it, the YouTube vod has been privated :(
I think Genesis was his first Ultimate major (I don’t remember seeing him much on stream though). That said, Smash Ultimate Summit was the first time we really got to see Armada vs the best players in Ultimate.
Does anyone know what happened to the guy who posted on /r/smashbros vowing to get good at Melee to seek revenge on SFAT?
This may be a longpost. But it is a good longpost.
spotw
Shroomed also went Doc vs Leffen at TBH4 and went Doc for at least one set at SKTAR 3 (Shroomed vs Soft).
That’s not flying around helplessly, that’s just falling without style
Ok Kurv
TheCrimsonBlur, Mew2King, and DJNintendo (just to incite as much chaos as possible in an “official” tier list)
Wow mod privilege much ...you did pick up for AutoMod's failure though so I guess we can let it slide this time Mod was cool this time
I can't believe AutoMod failed /r/SSBM in its greatest time of need. I had to wait more than 6 hours before a new DDT. What else was I supposed to do with my time
But how else could I express my sentiments of being out of the scene for 50 years? Last I checked Hugs86 was dominating Smash Commodore 64 and I need to check via other people if he’s still the division leader of the whitefolk bracket!
The very simplified answer is that Melee is a giant execution test; top level Melee generally requires a high number of precise inputs (a high number due to the complexity of the inputs for movement and attacks/defense, and precise because Melee has no buffer and any button inputs that you press while your character is still in hitstun or endlag will be “eaten up” and will not resolve on the screen). So execution testing your opponent requires your opponent to properly predict/react to your play and make the proper inputs at the right time (in the right order) to pull off the proper play that they want. Failing this execution test in any way (even minor, like for example, missing an L cancel or missing a tech when contacting a platform) can result in increased vulnerability frames (or even worse consequences) that allow an opposing player to exploit the moment(s) of weakness and create favorable situations to eventually win the game. Again, this is an extremely simplified answer; I’m sure more experienced players can link some videos or specific threads going into more detail of what I’ve briefly mentioned.
Generic answer, but Armada vs Mew2King at SSC 2018 will never get old for me. Oh, and Armada popping off after 3 stocking Hbox at Smash Summit 6 still brings me to tears.
Ah so this is why Plup signed up for Genesis 7 over EVO Japan
Quiet. Year.
I dream of a day where Qerb is ranked top 100 :(
Is Spark the only top player that believes Sheik beats Icies and Falco?
Hax$ top 20 :D
It's ok, the melee community has already made like 5 million jokes at SFAT's expense already
I don't understand why this says Day 1 when the main event happens tonight at 4 PM As if you'd need another day after that
Squid is DQing due to sickness
N0ne, aMSa, moky, Mang0, Spud
Holy shit Nico you absolute madman
Wizzy has a perfect record vs iBDW iirc, so you better be rooting for Plup if you want Wizzy to have a better chance.
I wouldn't say so, Wizzy has a perfect record vs iBDW iirc and beat Plup the last time they played.
If Cody wins, Wizzy stands a good chance. If Plup wins, then it's going to be bad news bears for Wizzy (though Wizzy did beat Plup the last time they played at CEO 2019).
Thank you for pointing out my brainfart, it's fixed now.
Rocky (56th seed) is up a game vs Plup (9th seed). Plup wins 2-1, but it was close.
OH MY GOD THE KREYGASM ON COMMENTARY COMMENTATING AMSA VS ICE MY HEART CAN'T TAKE MUCH MORE
I wouldn't count out Aura just yet, Aura beat ARMY at the Mang0 last year.
Congratulations to Hungrybox for making Winners Top 8!
Player that can't beat Hbox &gt; Player that can beat Hbox
Genesis 7 is wack, man. Aura somehow loses to ARMY, but Mew2King dominates him. What timeline are we in?
Hax will get another chance to seek revenge vs Leffen at Summit. God I'm so excited.
Phil on the mic. Commentary has been so on point tonight :D
He plays Peach and soundly beat ARMY the last time they met in bracket at the Mang0 last year.
Everyone's shocked that their favorite player got upset or that Losers Top 8 is all new Summit invites, and I'm just here stewing that Ginger messed up the bracket because thanks to him, SFAT vs Zain didn't happen for like the 25th time
End of Game 2 is some of the most spaghetti Melee I have ever seen since Wizzy vs Zain at G5 lmao
hGOD? More like hFRAUD
Both. Zain is playing fairly competently, but Hbox should not be SDing as Puff.
Excuse me, no Chris Best vs Net1234 on the list? List credibility just plummeted.
HAX MONEY ON STAGE
Oh boy I look forward to the upcoming Salty Suite match between Hax and Leffen
YES HOLY FUCK THANK GOD IT WAS OVER FOR HBOX, NO ONE BEATS ZAIN 7 TIMES IN A ROW After a year of so many missed opportunities, Zain finally gets his first supermajor. Maybe Melee needs Ludwig after all.
So proud of Zain. This is the start that Melee needed.
I consider Shine a major (and not a supermajor) due to the entrant size and talent pool. It's semantics, though Genesis 7 was way more stacked than Shine.
See I was about to but then I saw [this](https://imgur.com/a/FL2UqSS)
Sick, who does Barack Obama main?
Army vs Mew2King is very satisfying if you want to watch Mew2King actually succeed vs an Icies.
No Rishi’s Jungle Jam compendium goal?
Blea Gelo, who lost literally every set that he played (both Singles and Doubles), and never participated in skits or ~~couch commentary~~ (nor do I remember him participating in any side events that were not the crew battle, though I could be wrong on this). Edit: Apparently he was on couch commentary before, I just don’t remember the couch commentary. Not that it was good commentary either (probably), see the comment below me.
*n0ne immediately registers*
If only Kurv were there to vent his anger towards Marth
A friend asked me for links, have any?
Thanks. I hope we get other candidates over A Rookie, this is extremely disappointing and we shouldn’t be overlooking this.
Ruin people’s lives? How is expressing disappointment at a tweet ruining someone’s life? I do hope Rookie’s serious on fixing this stance of his, but until then, I’ll be supporting other candidates. Also you seem to be taking this issue really personally judging from your recent comment history, do you know Rookie IRL?
Sounds like [Deformers](https://store.steampowered.com/app/491770/Deformers/).
No problem, have fun!
You can find this game on Steam, it's called [Sprout](https://store.steampowered.com/app/758530/Sprout/).
You're most likely either looking for [Marble Blast Ultra](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marble_Blast_Ultra) or [Switchball](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Switchball).
No problem, glad I could help!
Confirmed, thanks!
spotw
Why do you think a certain pink Samus is so inconsistent at landing his charge shots? What do you do differently to make sure you have a better charge shot landing rate?
As mentioned previously, $1 for Splasher sounds like a fantastic deal.
Make sure you download the giant zip file from the releases page (.2), and then copy that zip folder into the /installed folder. Then, right click on that zip folder, scroll over 7zip (I am assuming you are using 7zip), and click on "extract to "itch.io.2". Then, restart GOG and you should be able to find itch.io in the integrations.
Plup actually wasn't playing amazing in pools and the early part of bracket; he almost lost to Axe in Winners Quarters (and I think Plup was playing about a 6/10 in this match), and lost pretty convincingly to Hax in pools. However, he snagged a fantastic win vs Mang0 in pools, and by the time he was playing Zain, his play was looking much more on point.
He's not a guy we talk about much for "best performances," but SFAT's performances at Shine 2016 and CEO Dreamland 2017 are fantastic. At Shine 2016, he got wins over both Hungrybox and Mang0 (reverse 3-0ing Mang0), and at CEO Dreamland 2017, he reverse 3-0ed Hungrybox in what I consider to be the best set he's ever played, and took a set off of Mew2King. Interestingly enough, he placed 2nd at both of these tournaments, getting absolutely bodied by Mew2King in Grand Finals at both events. Also since you mentioned Axe's losers run at Genesis 6: Axe's losers run at GOML 2019 is also extremely noteworthy (and perhaps even more stacked than his Genesis 6 losers run). After losing to Swedish Delight in Round 2 of Top 64, he proceeded to beat Westballz, Matteo, S2J, Zain, SFAT, Wizzrobe, Leffen, and then take Mang0 to Game 5 in Grand Finals en route to a 2nd place finish.
I'm not a fan of what your post is implying, /r/smashbros should have all Smash games equally represented right? There's a subreddit called /r/SmashBrosUltimate, but that said, I wouldn't go tell all Ultimate players to move there.
Ok, that’s a better written out explanation. For what it is worth, I do in fact spend much more of my time browsing /r/SSBM instead of /r/smashbros because it’s mostly just Ultimate content on the main sub with fairly little talk about any or the other Smash games, including Melee. I think the Melee subreddit is doing just fine, and will definitely continue to cater to the competitive and active community; that said, I agree that Melee players should still post Melee content in the main sub as well as /r/SSBM because I think it’s just as important that /r/smashbros isn’t just the same game over and over. I do my best to upvote any other Smash game post that I think is even remotely interesting (that includes Melee, PM, Smash 64, and even some Brawl posts I’ve seen) and I think it’s a shame that /r/smashbros is almost entirely focused on Ultimate nowadays.
...No? If you look at the most popular posts of the last month ([here](https://old.reddit.com/r/smashbros/top/?sort=top&amp;t=month)), there is literally one Melee post in the first two pages. With the exception of the three Brawl posts and the one "other" post, everything else has been Ultimate.
Thanks to rollback, instead of netplaying Melee and illegally avoiding taxes in the US, I can now netplay Melee and legally avoid taxes in the Cayman Islands. The future is now
Hey dude, I love your Melee compilations, especially the ones of old tournaments that you’ve been pumping out lately. Keep up the great work!
You don't need much to be able to run Melee smoothly in my experience, my old HP integrated graphics laptop ran Melee fine. Here's a thread back from [2013](https://smashboards.com/threads/dolphin-online-melee-netplay.335432/) giving an example of the minimum requirements; it might have changed a little since then, but I think the minimum requirements are still pretty low. As another example, here's an old thread of other players with lower end laptops [reporting on how their systems are running Melee netplay](https://www.reddit.com/r/smashbros/comments/4j18cc/minimum_specs_for_melee_on_dolphin/).
You know how you've been feeling about Melee for the last 24 hours? That's sort of how I've been feeling about Ultimate for the last year. I'm with you, I am extremely bummed that the other Smash games (Brawl, 64, PM, and yes, even Smash 4) tend to have fairly little content that gets highly upvoted to the top of /r/smashbros, in comparison to Ultimate. But even Melee wasn't exempt from this, and I'd maybe see 1-3 Melee posts at the top of the subreddit once a week. Almost all the rest of the content were Ultimate clips and discussion. I do whatever I can to upvote the posts for the other games, but Melee's been getting a strong second wind lately because of the huge news of rollback. Why not just enjoy the second wind while it lasts?
Out of curiosity, would you happen to have any of the GTX 2018 VODs?
Look, the rollback update is great and all, but let’s not get complacent now. I won’t be satisfied until I can laglessly play single button mode coin battle on Onett with USB steering wheel support.
You could slow the animation of Puff’s upthrow by a few frames so it’s a little easier to react to and upthrow rest isn’t quite as free.
I love GOML 2019’s top 8, still some of the best Melee I’ve ever watched.
I’m gonna need a source on this one.
Well played.
Unfortunately, the winners quarters match of Zain vs Wizzrobe (where Zain got his first win vs Wizzy) seems to have been outside of top 8, so the vod isn’t anywhere to be found. Thanks for letting me know nevertheless!
Interesting that these people immediately felt attacked as Ultimate fans even though you were just defending and comparing Melee to Ultimate. Most of the people who will tell you that Melee is an "old broken game" should not be taken seriously, just enjoy Melee for what it is. As long as you're having fun, that's all that matters.
No problem, have fun!
Someone in another thread recommended “Meleennials”
Imagine a timeline where Kirby and the 2x4 ruled Melee with an iron fist
You can do this man! I barely play myself (I haven’t practiced tech in months) and I barely got one stocked by a Bowser and a Doc while getting two or three stocked by a Falco and a Marth before I finally took two games off a random Fox. It’s really the Wild West out there on today’s netplay, you just gotta match up against the right guy sometimes.
I don’t have any questions, I just want to thank you guys for making Ori. The original revived both my interest in 2D platformers and Metroidvanias, and it was a pleasure playing through it multiple times on Steam. I’m glad that the sequel held up to the fond memories I had playing the original years ago, and I can’t wait to see more.
Congrats! Here’s to more great games of Melee :)
spotw
Link performs surprisingly okay vs Marth. Ex: https://youtu.be/ToeI7lbdd1I
I can't say I like all of the included combos, but Carroll's Peach plays like an absolute nutter and there's so much creativity just spread throughout the vid, especially with the invisible ceiling glitch combos. Still a classic.
How does Mr Game and Watch play into all of this?
Bizz did take a game off of Armada, but off of his Fox and not his Peach, which is why I didn't include him in my original post.
Probably one of the best combos I've ever seen from Axe.
That moment happened in Zain vs Hbox @ Super Smash Con 2019, Losers Finals. I don’t remember the exact time stamp where it occurs but maybe the comments section of the VOD can help.
I'm thinking Falcon and Sheik, though Swooper might think differently.
Hey, thanks for doing this! For the Yoshi sets, may I recommend [aMSa vs Wizzrobe @ Genesis 5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8RadHLHpDE) over the aMSa vs Fiction set at Summit 9? I feel as if the aMSa vs Fiction set gets a little tragic near the end and might not be good encouragement for maining Yoshi. I would also clarify that the "without it" in Yoshi's cons is the double jump, and once opponents break the double jump armor at high enough percents (shutting down Yoshi's aerial momentum and limiting recovery), all Yoshi has left is a potential air dodge back on stage (or to grab ledge in some circumstances). Finally, I would point out that Yoshi's down-tilt has set knockback, and thus is both great at knocking down opponents at low percents and gimping characters off stage at relatively low percents.
If only Bizz were attending : (
Not a Falcon player so take what I have to say with a grain of salt. That said, two of the main things I would work on as Falcon is learning how to space your nair in neutral (as recommended by Scar) and learning how to more consistently hit the gentlemen (jabbing without getting stuck in the infinite jab).
Somewhere in California, Kurv has a violent coughing fit, sensing that someone has posted Luigikid’s matchup chart that claims Luigi is evenly matched with Marth
The [Hax vs Vex](https://youtu.be/T3E9ORuq2Oc?t=668) combo is still one of my favorites.
[Now imagine a game 5 grand finals with both of those commentators and no ledge grab limit where the favored player tries to avoid interacting on the smallest legal stage. That would never happen though right? .... haha](https://youtu.be/FMuOWXf7Yew)
Hey, any suggestions for games with interesting gameplay and a (often) cartoony and visually appealing artwork? I know it’s kind of a vague description, but I’m pretty open to try most things that are not simulators, management games, or games that are hard for the sake of being hard (ex Dark Souls). Some of my favorite games include A Short Hike, Wandersong, A Hat in Time, the Zero Escape Trilogy, Rayman Legends, and Antichamber, as a few examples.
Thanks for reminding me about Firewatch, I’ll have to give it another go sometime.
I actually bought this one a while back, really liked how fluid the combat felt despite its difficulty. I’ll have to give it another run, thanks for the suggestion!
I will definitely look into this more, thanks for the suggestion!
Tried it a while back but got a bit bored of the gameplay about an hour in. Thanks for the suggestion nevertheless!
I will definitely keep an eye out for Chicory; the fact that it's from the creators of Celeste and Wandersong (both of which are among my favorite indie games) makes me super excited. Thanks for the recommendations!
Sounds great, I will definitely look more into Crosscode and give it a shot sooner than later. Thanks again for the help!
I already tried the Witness, but it didn't quite hold me over to finish the whole game. Normally I like those kinds of games, but I think the Witness got a bit too abstract for me near the end? Maybe I'll try it again later. And thanks for echoing the suggestion of the Outer Wilds. Looking like something I'm probably picking up this sale.
You're the third person to bring up Outer Wilds to me today. It's really looking like a must buy this Steam Sale at this point. Thanks again for your help!
I'll take a look at it, thanks for the rec!
I'd say Bum's biggest accomplishment of beating a 2007 top 10 player (Chudat) as well as beating previously top 10 player Isai while placing 4th at MLG Long Island probably trumps that.
Yes, if a game is already on sale, it will not go any cheaper. Featured deals are the deals promoted by Steam on the store’s front page each day, which change.
Yeah, iirc Net1234 got angry at Scar “making fun of his style” and challenged him to a money match. Scar won.
You will probably never see that VOD because from my knowledge, it was played on an offline set up with no recording; pure pride with a side of cash. But I’ll trust Scar, he’s a man of his word.
