Obviously not the end of the world but this is fairly lame. You rarely ended up spending all the points a game would give you if you got 100%, since most of the rewards were meh and some games you didn't buy any rewards at all. The fun part was with these amassed coins, when I started a game I actually DID want some of the rewards I could instantly buy the extra goodies like costumes or weapons. You'll still be able to do that within 2 years of course but it always amused me having 1000+ points. And I don't play on PC so I never used them for coupons. Oh well. EDIT: Scratch all that - **apparently for Canadians this will NOT affect our old points.** Only points obtained from April 1st, 2019 onwards will expire after 2 years - all our old points are safe. https://welcome.club.ubisoft.com/units https://support.ubi.com/en-US/Faqs/000039698 &gt;How do these updates impact the Club Units I acquired in my account prior to April 1, 2019? &gt;These updates do not affect the Club Units you acquired prior to April 1, 2019.
Huh, never new that. Still, I doubt 20% off their store prices will beat the sale prices I can find if I shop around. Ex. I just got Assassins's Creed Odyssey for $24.99 whereas they're still selling it for $79.99 CAD.
Yep I have the exact same thing on PS4. First row or so of items it's mostly really old stuff and some random newer stuff. Then at a certain point it actually correctly shows the newest items. I just automatically look at that spot in my inventory when filtering that way now.
The Bureau isn't that bad. It definitely has more going on than Duke Nukem Forever. Regardless, "bad" games still sell. I imagine getting a game on BC would provide a spike in sales, compared to the last 4 or 5 years. At this point it seems like MS is simply trying to get as many games possible in BC, then they can use them to pad out their sales and Game Pass and GwG.
Link me some as in-depth as the one I just posted.
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/false-einstein-humiliates-professor/ It's one of the many in-jokes on /r/thathappened making fun of made-up stories.
https://www.trueachievements.com/walkthroughs.aspx Take your pick.
For sure, it's just more recently popular on Reddit thanks to /r/thathappened. You'll see lots of Albert Einstein jokes there.
Sacred 2 would be great as well. You never know, Kingdoms of Amalur was a long shot and it finally happened.
Yup and Xbox One X enhanced too. For FF13 they even made a special enhancement by upgrading the pre-rendered cutscene assets (and you don't need a One X to get that).
I quite enjoyed what I played of it. Basically Mass Effect in the 1950s.
I highly recommend The MISSING - my personal GOTY.
Yep, happened last week!
So with the development time this probably had it seems this is almost certainly a Far Cry 5 reskin. I don't think that game was mechanically sound enough to make a reskin worth $40. I mean, Blood Dragon was half that and gained a lot of points for pure style.
The video games usually take elements from both and create a mashup. Lego Marvel Superheroes was really good at mixing both, shame the sequel kind of dropped the ball.
Rage 2: Borderlands 3 It definitely looks more interesting than Rage 1 but time will tell if the "edgy over the top colourful post apocalypse" thing will be enjoyable or annoying. I think I'll give it a shot though. If nothing else the actual shooting gameplay looks fun.
I kind of just assumed it would have some sort of multiplayer so I preordered for PS4 to play with friends when I would normally get something like this on Xbox. That's fine, I'll switch my order at some point. I can see some people being disappointed though. Edit: Not sure why I upset people by mentioning pre-orders.
Disappointed that The MISSING didn't win Games for Impact as it was my personal GOTY. But happy God of War won over Red Dead for GotY. GoW was just a near flawless experience that I enjoyed from start to finish, plus it's nice that it's just a straightforward game with no online/microtransaction crap.
That's not an apology whatsover. "I wouldn’t tell that joke today, because when I said it, the times weren’t as sensitive as they are now." Notice how he says wouldn't tell it again because of how people would react - not because he doesn't believe that anymore, or realizes it was wrong to say. Edit: So many stupid replies. No one is literally forcing him to not make these jokes. He can say all the offensive shit he wants - it doesn't mean people have to like it or support it.
&gt;But not all of it came from a bad place. I'm gonna say homophobic jokes where he says he would assault his son if he played with dolls or if your child has a "gay moment" you need to "nip it in the bud" come from a bad place.
He can make the jokes all he wants - he doesn't need to be an Oscar host to do standup.
People are rushing to the "overly sensitive whiny media ruining everything" standard responses, so when they see them say that he apologized before, they take it at face value. Instead of the truth that he gave a non-apology and hoped it would blow over.
I mean, no, they could have actually updated the mechanics ...
Claiming it, I haven't seen a link with him actually apologizing though (besides the new one).
He's* You're*
Costs me nothing and I can cancel anytime.
They're all over Reddit now. It's getting tiring just browsing the comments on any thread to do with a woman, minority, LGBTQ person, etc.
If you say homophobic shit, I'm gonna assume you're homophobic. Shocking, I know. Regardless, using that type of talk normalizes it. He's not getting laughs for being offensive, it's for people agreeing with him. And if you spread a message like a child having "gay moments" or that the gayness should be beat out of him, you probably shouldn't be elevated to something like Oscar host. Thanks.
You can do offensive jokes without nasty messages like Hart did. It's not all one group of offensive or not offensive, and you can make people laugh at touchy subjects without reinforcing shitty behavior. This goes beyond standup. He was on Twitter talking about beating a child for playing with dolls. That's not funny, it's just cruel.
Only if they actually managed to make them look good. My girl looks pretty darn average so I would probably get 7 upvotes if I posted her. Hoping they add a character re-do at some point.
No he doesn't, and he doesn't an Oscar gig either. &gt;and that's what he did Hahaha I would beat my child if they appeared to be gay! Hilarious!
Forced? He stepped down.
He didn't have to do that either.
No problem, glad I could use an internet forum appropriately by posting my opinion.
No, because I actually shared an opinion about the topic, unlike you.
Wow, it's almost like your actions have consequences. Say homophobic shit and the industry won't support you. That damn "SJW mob" ruins everything! Where will I get my jokes about beating children for being gay now???
He can keep making the jokes if he wishes. No one is stopping him. If people don't want to listen to the jokes or don't want him hosting the Oscars, that's the consequence of him choosing to make those jokes.
Ah, I see you're unable to actually respond to my points so now you're just going whine about the evil SJWs ruining your life. Not wanting a man who makes """jokes""" about abusing gay children to get a high profile gig like the Oscars is not being overly sensitive, you dumbfuck. Now go back to your T_D safespace and whine more about liberals and SJWs like the snowflake you are. Feel free to reply, I won't read it.
He was making a joking reinforcing his own shitty behavior. You're an idiot if you can't tell the difference.
I agree for sure, I'm hoping for bigger changes to the structure in the next game (FH1 still has my favourite progression of the series). But the main thing is that FH4 just plays great, the driving is noticeably improved over previous entries. Compared to other series (The Crew, Need for Speed) it's shocking how much better the driving is.
Bought one of the haircuts for 1 gold bar. Probably a waste but it's by far the best haircut and of course it costs gold, so I bit the bullet.
I finally sat down and played Assassin Creed Origins, mostly because I wanted to play it before Odyssey. So when I saw there was an option to boost your level to 45 with one of the DLCs I thought, why not? That'll save me some time. It's funny how much of the game becomes pointless when you don't have to reach a certain level to do the next story mission. I managed to finish the story after around 25 hours and I wandered around a bit, you could probably do it in 15. Playing normally most people probably take 40-50 hours or more. I don't mind open world games and side content but I think they could benefit from scaling back a bit. I thought Horizon Zero Dawn was pretty balanced, I think there was around 20 sidequests.
No because then I would never be able to play games 😬 I would say try to focus on the games you truly want to continue and finish, make sure your environment is relaxing - maybe play with some nice headphones. Don't worry too much and just play. God of War was really good for this, nice straightforward game.
Behavior = how he would conduct himself in that situation
"I already did" is just them saying "No thank you" in a different way. No big deal. The one where they expect you recognize them would be annoying though. I probably couldn't recognize the same customer if they came in near the beginning and end of my shift, let alone over multiple days ...
&gt;We know that doesn't reflect who they are today Do we? People can be homophobic for their entire lives. In the case of Kevin Hart, he was asked to apologize (ie. make a statement denouncing his previous views) and he originally refused. Then he chose to step down as host. If he had apologized or shown some sort of remorse over what he said at the start, he would have kept the gig. Edit "iTs JuSt a JoKe" is such a lame excuse. He said something shitty and lost a gig. He's not being arrested or going to jail. He's incredibly rich already, I think Mr. Hart will survive just fine. And maybe if people will think twice before saying a "joke" that's nothing but reinforcing shitty attitudes and behavior.
What is funny about saying you would abuse a child if they played with dolls or otherwise appeared gay? What's the punchline, where is the humor? People care now because they were informed of it.
So what approach was he attempting when he said he would attack his son if he appeared gay? Tell me how it's funny to you.
I don't need to do any "analyzing", it's blatantly homophobic. And he was a given a chance to apologize for saying something like that and he refused. That's his choice, and choices have consequences. He doesn't get the Oscar gig. Big whoop. He's a hugely successful comedian already - he'll live.
Sure, let's ostracize him. I'm down. You still haven't answered the question - what is comedic about saying he would attack his child for doing something "gay"? Lmao. Holy shit dude. I'm sure a some people knew about it. Now way more people do, including people who can actually rightfully point out how fucked up what he said was. That's kind of how NEWS works? Spreading information? Do you think everyone on the planet was aware of the contents of Kevin Hart's tweets?
So can you explain to me the humor in abusing your son if he appears gay?
Haha yes, the "pussy PC culture" of not liking when people say they would abuse gay children. So sensitive!
"terrorists" "blackmail" "harass" "political repression" Lmao, calm the fuck down. A multi-millionaire lost one gig because he refused to apologize.
&gt;one tweet There were dozens upon dozens of him using homophobic slurs and stereotypes.
&gt;Guess who is hosting the Oscars? Spoiler: Eddie Got a source on that? &gt; I don't think he is funny at all It's almost like what he said wasn't an attempt at a joke at all and was just someone saying something shitty. &gt; But you seem to know 100% that this didn't come up anywhere before now. I never said that. Just because X people know about it before, doesn't prevent X+1 people knowing it now. Information spreads. Things come to light when people are in the spotlight. That's how it works. Why are you comparing saying one would beat gay children to saying something "outlandish"? And surprise - some of us don't like people who say shitty things to be in the spotlight. He was offered the chance to apologize, and he didn't, so he stepped down. That's his choice. He's a multi-millionaire successful comedian, he's not going to fucking jail, he'll survive.
&gt;Kevin Hart was right to not apologize. No one forced him to. He doesn't need to apologize - and he doesn't need to host the Oscars, either. He was given a chance to SHOW that he had "grown and changed" and he refused. He could have kept the gig easily if he had apologized when asked. Shame on you for thinking he was somehow "forced" or "punished" because he lost a gig because of his own fucking actions.
Strange, I've never seen a comedy skit where someone says "I would attack my son if he appeared gay" then walked off stage. Probably because it's not funny.
There was no execution or set up, it was a tweet. He just said it. It wasn't in standup.
I get the reference. I assumed the person using it was using it to excuse Kevin Hart saying something shitty as a "joke" so I asked him to clarify.
I misread that line, edited. &gt;absurd, revenge fueled outrage culture that you have wrapped yourself in. That's a funny way of saying "I support a guy who wouldn't apologize for saying something homophobic not getting a high profile gig". I'm not sending Kevin Hart death threats or something. Yes yes, we all change and grow - you're missing the point that **apologizing is how you communicate that**. When you apologize for something you said in the past, you're making an attempt to prove that what you said then isn't what you think now and you know why those words are offensive. He was given that chance, he didn't take it. That's his choice. If someone wants to bring up the stupid shit when I said when I was younger, I would apologize and make it clear that's now how I think now. It's not hard, but Mr. Hart didn't want to do it. So he doesn't get to host the Oscars and has to fall asleep on his mountains of money. Boo hoo.
No, it's the content. It's not some part of a joke with the setup left out. He just said something shitty, that's it. It wasn't comedic in any fashion.
He didn't apologize before though, not that I could find. He said he "wouldn't make those jokes today because people are too sensitive". Basically blaming modern audiences, not actually apologizing for the offensive nature of the material.
Whether he would actually do it or not, he felt comfortable enough saying that he would. It's simply shitty behavior that happens to real people that he didn't try to twist in a comedic fashion or anything.
So explain to me the joke in saying "I would abuse my child if he appeared gay". How is that funny to you?
He refused to apologize at first when asked, only apologizing later while stepping down.
Cool source.
Yeah, no. You don't have to be physically imposing to abuse a child. If he wants to make a joke about his childhood experiences, maybe frame it like that, not as "I would do this to my own child".
Maybe I'm in the LGBT community and don't appreciate comments about "beating the gay" out of children.
I put "punishment" in quotes because he's the one who made the original action, and then didn't want to apologize for it. He made the choice both times, if he doesn't want to apologize then so be it.
Mass Effect 1-3 Dead Space 1/2 Fallout New Vegas The Orange Box/Portal 2 Deus Ex Human Revolution Bioshock 1/2 Some of my favourites that have good narratives/writing.
Young Justice if you like superhero stuff. For a "kids show" it's very good at introducing lots of concepts and characters without oversimplifying things. I genuinely enjoyed it.
For me it's usually "We can't go to sleep until we win a game again" *Proceeds to lose for next 45 mins*
Bionic Commando (2009) had a tacked on multiplayer to a game that barely anyone liked in the first place But it was actually decent. The maps were very vertical without many flat surfaces to walk on so you use the game's swinging mechanic extensively. It was a basic "pick up power weapons" mode that was outdated even in 2009. But damn if it wasn't fun swinging in the air and scoring a kill with a scoped in snipe rifle on someone swinging on another building. Resident Evil 6 - There was a DLC mode where you played 1v1. Basically you were both in your own instances of a Mercenaries map and had to get combos, when your combo ended (up to 30x) you sent over a group of tough enemies to the other player's map. Sort of like the versus Tetris modes where you send blocks over. It's really exciting because if you're good you can use the huge influx of enemies to your advantage and turn it around into your own combo.
Where is this apology from years ago? The only thing I can find is him saying he wouldn't do those kinds of jokes anymore because people are "too sensitive". That's not an apology. Plus it was for the content of his standup. Not the tweets.
If this apology is so easy to find, why don't you spend 15 seconds to copy and paste it here?
"Ruining his life" Lmao the incredibly successful multi-millionaire comedian doesn't get to host the Oscars. He'll be fine, dude.
Save your aneurysm for the later challenge where you have to hit 3 times in blackjack and win, 3 separate times. Total luck.
He looks like a werewolf wearing a mascot head. Seriously, why does this Sonic have such defined human legs?
I'm not saying Kevin Hart is. I'm just saying being a comedian doesn't preclude you from being a bad person in various ways.
Personally I prefer Toukiden to MHW but I agree the price isn't doing them any favor. They should really try to market it as a cheaper alternative to MH.
Jak and Daxter on the PS3 HD collection. It was my first PS3 game (I actually bought the game before I got my PS3 later that week) and I enjoyed playing the game at a friends house when I was a kid. It's a short but fun game you can easily plat in a day or two.
I agree, although playing it single player is strange since there are certain sections you can't reach which kind of goes against what you do in the base game (search every nook and cranny). But I understand why it's that way. I did enjoy the DLC for what it was, but it's certainly not anything like the bigger DLCs in Rise.
Favourite joke: "I have good news: We don't need the monitor" when they're stealing the computer. Great jab at movies thinking the monitor is the important part. Also Spider Gwen was just amazing. Fingers crossed for an expanded role in the inevitable sequel or a solo film.
They did though, the 360/PS3 versions were delisted in 2012 and came back in 2015 before being delisted alongside the new Xbox One/PS4 versions. Wouldn't surprise me at all to see them pull this trick yet again and add Switch into the mix. The Avengers movies are still making bank.
Sunset Overdrive was the reason I purchased an Xbox One after switching to PS4 from the 360. I adore it. The game is just really fun, combat is fairly straightforward once you get the basic idea of "keep moving and stay off the ground", and the graphics are a colourful change of pace from most AAA titles before it. And the movement system is so enjoyable that I actually wanted to traverse the map back and forth to get all the collectibles and such. I know some people don't like the humour but it never bothered me and I got a few chuckles - which is more than I can say for most games that attempt comedy. If I can stereotype the Xbox versus Playstation fanbase a bit, I think a game with such a strong single player focus doesn't appeal as much to Xbox One players. You look at Halo, Forza, Gears, etc. they all have single player of course but multiplayer is a big part of the experience. The multiplayer in Sunset Overdrive is actually pretty neat but it's not the draw of the game and you need a decent amount of players to make it enjoyable. And of course the playerbase for it dried up pretty quick. Plus the developer made their claim with Playstation only titles so that's where their following primarily is. Most couldn't support the game unless they wanted to shell out ~$400 for a new console like I did. I'm glad it got a PC release finally so more people can enjoy it. It remains my favourite Xbox One exclusive - I guess "console exclusive" now.
Can you not delete the save file from the dashboard?
Gotcha. Well if you ever go back to it, you should be able to highlight the game on the dashboard &gt; press start and go to Manage Game &gt; delete save file (both local and cloud save or else it will auto-sync). As far as I know.
I've seen people on /r/PS4 wishing they could play it before. You probably don't see a ton of people clamoring for it because it didn't sell a lot so not many people heard of it, not because the aesthetic "isn't popular with gamers" - I mean the game looks fairly close to Fortnite which is a huge game.
Racist, homophobic, sexist /r/cringeanarchy poster thinks he is "redpilling" people. Go back to your quarantine, thanks.
The issue with Glover and BTTF2 is that they went to great lengths to fool the audience into thinking he was still in the film. Reusing old clips, facial prosthetics, literally hanging the character upside down so you can't get a good look at him. Without knowledge of Glover not being involved, the average viewer could easily think it was him. From reading the article it seems like they just used a voice impersonation which is not nearly as elaborate. It's also the case that Glover was almost in the sequel but then changed his mind. I doubt Jennifer Aniston has even heard or cares about this new Leprechaun movie.
Here's a quote from the review supposedly: "There is **no way** to sprint, strafe, jump, or spin, and besides short, jagged pivots left or right — telescoped with an intrusive iris effect" Emphasis mine. I think the point is they said you can't do those things whatsoever which simply isn't true. That's less of a simple mistake than being blatantly wrong.
The point is you're defending IGN for making a "simple mistake" when they're blatantly misrepresenting what features the game has because they didn't open the settings menu. You don't say there's "no way" to do something until you do the most basic search for an option for it. That's just lazy.
So what? People are still allowed to want to cancel over this. I'm considering it too, I know it won't make a difference, but I'm less likely to pay a service when they cancel the shows I like the most for it.
All the guy said is he was cancelling is sub. He never insinuated Netflix would care.
Well, how about let the upvotes decided whether people care? It's an open forum, he can tell us that he's cancelling it if he wishes. It's not a big deal. It's a comment on a Reddit thread.
Allegedly exposing himself and spying on her in a shower is not an "inappropriate gesture", it's harassment. How does the article act like he raped her? It seems very even handed to me. It just says what she says and then his response statement.
&gt;If the movie is good that’s all that matters in the end. That's easy for you to say, imagine being a relative to someone portrayed incorrectly in a film and knowing that's what the general public would think of them from now on. I know there been some movies where a decent person in real life is turned into the villain character just so the movie can have a villain. That would be pretty messed up.
Yeah you need to get past Cenote first, when the secret camp moves spots that's when you can access the quest. Check your quest log, the DLC quest will be there but unavailable until you progress far enough.
Most Wanted 2005 is pretty much peak NFS. A few after that are decent but eventually the series falls off a cliff in terms of quality. The latest games don't hold a candle to Most Wanted 2005, Underground 1 and 2, Hot Pursuit 1 and 2, etc. I watched a YouTube video that suggested that MW2005 plays almost like an RPG. I think this progression is what is missing from most racers nowadays. While I love Forza Horizon, those games throw cars at you right from the start of the game and you're never properly challenged to upgrade specific cars and learn how to drive them well.
The combat is what killed it for me. I don't mind the car stuff (especially with the update that let you drive offroad) and like you I enjoyed the overall atmosphere and road trip elements. But the combat is just not fun, holding a button and watching your character to all sorts of attacks and moves is just boring to me. Even FF13 combat is better than 15 ...
You can upgrade your car to a monster truck version that lets you drive offroad, it was actually patched in.
&gt;expect something competently written like any other show It is competently written ... as a comedy. The jokes are the focus. And the plots are fine, nothing great but they're basically there to hang the jokes on. That's what sitcom means. Watch something else if you want intricate plots. B99 is near perfect for what it's trying to be.
I think the last shred of my interest in this game just vanished. To anyone who's excited for the type of game this is shaping up to be, more power to you. Personally I wanted a straightforward sequel and this isn't it.
You just uninstall the game before downloading the digital version.
Yes, just the actual disc install.
It probably just wouldn't let you download the game and you would have to keep using your disc to play.
Maybe it should have been ... I dunno ... fixed before release? Before they charged people $60 for it? Is that a crazy concept nowadays?
Most of the DLC is from the original release. One pack, "Things That Go Boom Challenge Pack 2", does appear to be new to 360 but was released on other platforms in 2010. Pretty weird.
Looks like it. There"s an old tweet where they cite "technical difficulties" being the reason but who knows.
Hmm, are you on PS3 pr PS4? On PS4 if you press Options on the dashboard tile for the game you can choose delete to uninstall the game. I'm not sure if it uninstalls DLC though.
Ah sorry, on PS3 it should't be a problem since the game doesn't have to be installed from the disc. Just download the digital version and you should be good to go.
I'm planning on starting Assassins Creed Odyseey right after New Years. Finally finished Origins this month and I ordered the Gold Edition for Odyssey for $50 today! Past that I'm hammering away at a lot of BC stuff on Xbox One like Kingdoms of Amalur, FF13, Fable Anniversary, etc. They really killed it with BC titles the last month or so.
If you like JRPGs but wish they had smoother combat, you'll love it.
The second one? Most people say Blood Money is the best ...
They might not be immediately back to back but season 7 will apparently start filming before season 6 is even on the air. I'm pretty sure it's some sort of cost saving measure, both seasons will be 13 episodes so it's almost like a full previous season being turned into 2 seasons. I'm not worried though. AoS has always managed to entertain me despite shrinking budgets and ratings.
I think 2 is the grindiest ... 168 championships at 4 races a piece with road trips after every 3 championships. 3 you have to do every route and championship but you can blueprint them to make them as short as possible.
I'm still stuck on 2 because the crazy grind. Hopefully one day I'll be able to match your pic. Grats btw!
Why not? Crossovers are fun. Doesn't need a monster, they've done just outfit/weapon collabs before (Horizon Zero Dawn, Devil May Cry)
Some mods go even farther and will stealth remove entire submissions without letting people know what they did wrong (if they actually did do anything wrong). Every sub is at the whim of the mods and how much they like to powertrip.
What's wrong with small, fun crossovers? They've already done it with stuff like Devil May Cry and Megaman.
I think you've gotten more than your moneys worth if you played for 1100 hours, my man ... maybe just, y'know, play something else?
It's rumoured that this is a cost saving measure, film 2 shorter seasons almost back to back.
I don't think it's trying be primarily an action game or a shooter, it's really more of an immersive story and all the elements (shooting, horror, survival) come out naturally because of that. The story is a bit like the original Fallout where you're tasked to leave your home (in this case a metro station which have sort of become cities) in order to get help for it. So you're not on the side of the Reds or Nazis, they're just two factions still fighting in the post apocalypse that impede your progress in one way or another. So I would recommend just trying to see it from the MC's viewpoint in that scenario and try to get through the metro area by area just like he would. If you end up enjoying the game more I also recommend replaying it in Ranger or Ranger Hardcore mode which IMO are the best ways to play
There's also Tomb Raider ones, I got them a few months ago. https://www.snupps.com/api/2.10/users/1736083/items/16562000/views/18070687-1.1024.jpg
Unlike most games where higher difficulty makes you do less damage and take more damage, Ranger mode in Metro games actually increases damage across the board - both you and your enemies die quicker. Some of the enemies can be a little bullet spongey on normal mode so it helps quite a bit. It also gives you less items to find so you have to play more conservatively and stealth whenever possible - which matches the atmosphere of the game perfectly. Ranger Hardcore goes a step further by removing the HUD entirely. It's a great challenge but just normal Ranger mode is enough too.
Good thing these are both great games.
Good thing these are both actual good games. Have you played them?
Yet another post where they take something specific (some amount of men look at porn of different varieties) and stretch it to make a nonsensical conclusion (ALL men are more accepting of ALL women). Plus the 200IQ logic of looking at porn = being accepting.
Bethesda didn't make the game, it's Avalanche Studios. I do recommend waiting for a sale but the game has plenty of fun side content.
You seem real hung up on specifically having a "Straight Pride Month" when straight people get benefits in many other areas. You can see why having your priority as "why don't straight people have a month" versus "why do LGBT people still face discrimination and ridicule" would make people criticize you, yes? When straight and LGBT people are equal in those important areas, you can start a Straight Pride Month. Until then, I think you'll survive somehow.
People have already had issues downloading episodes of Telltale games, including disc copies of certain games (some make you download additional episodes regardless). More info in the replies here: https://www.trueachievements.com/forum/viewthread.aspx?tid=1102570
I was really hoping the switch would do ... something.
I watched a Bojack Horseman episode where they sang a song about shooting fetuses with machine guns. I think this generation can handle it just fine.
Why don't you just downvote the post and move on? Like chill
Nothing is being shoved down your throat. It's a silly gif my man. Get a hold of yourself.
Then your problem is with so called obnoxious behavior, not their sexuality. Letting it colour your opinions of all gay people is again homophobia.
"A lot more common" based on ... your in-depth research of internet gifs? Please, tell me what other populations you think are more "obnoxious". I would love to hear all the ways you are prejudiced.
I thought the actual story of all the human stuff was just fine. The good guys are basically SHIELD with their helicarrier equivalent and secret bases, bad guys want to unleash all the monsters, family caught in the middle, that's a decent framework to have big monster fights happen. The problem is really the dialogue. It's just so bad, so obvious. Like early on when dad gets angry and storms out of the room, Ice Cube Jr. chimes in with "That guy really hates Titans!". Yeah thanks I totally didn't get that from the previous dialogue, or the opening 2 minutes of the film. And that's just one example. It felt like every other line was telling us something obvious or making the occasional awkward attempt at a joke. But I still liked the human story 100x more than the 2014 film because that one was just BORING. At least things were happening in this one, people had goals and were running around trying to do them, etc. If the dialogue was completely redone it could have been actually good. Also the mom character really should have died right away. She's basically the real villain of the film. After all she did she deserved to be squashed by Godzilla or Ghidorah.
Wow, hundreds? They've got a ways to go until they reach the estimated 1.5 million that are euthanized by shelters! https://www.aspca.org/animal-homelessness/shelter-intake-and-surrender/pet-statistics There are TWO cases of someone from PETA being arrested for stealing a pet who was not surrendered to a shelter. One of those cases the owner had actually requested PETA to be there to round up strays - and his own dog "wore no collar, no license, no rabies tag". The charges were dropped because there was no criminal intent proven. https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/peta-taking-pets/
It wasn't false equivalency - it was pointing out that HUNDREDS of thousands of pets are euthanized each year. Why do you think this is? &gt;you might want to double check that Yeah - like I just did when I linked an article with actual details? Don't let the little fact that of there being TWO CASES get in the way of you making it sound like PETA just roams the streets, kicking in doors and taking everyone's pets. Guess what, dipshit - you've been fed propaganda. http://www.whypetaeuthanizes.com/the-center-for-consumer-freedom.html https://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Center_for_Consumer_Freedom
Wow, you are really fucking stupid. You gobble up anti-PETA propaganda wholesale, never question it, but when PETA responds, they must be lying right? Also practice what you preach: that website is not run by PETA or a PETA employee. http://www.whypetaeuthanizes.com/about.html Most animals that are healthy and adoptable get sent to local shelters, not PETA, because PETA doesn't have nearly the collective manpower or locations. So yes, PETA euthanizes many of the animals they receive for a variety of issues they have. http://www.whypetaeuthanizes.com/petas-official-statement-about-the-peta-kills-animals-hoax.html The problem is the OVERPOPULATION issue of domestic animals. Not PETA and their tiny amount of euthanizations. Stop accepting shitty Reddit memes and propaganda that tell you PETA BAD. Use you fucking brain. Or don't, I don't really care if you continue to be a complete moron. Goodbye.
It doesn't have to be canon with the games, they can adapt it however they want.
Pretty well, yeah. https://www.boxofficemojo.com/franchises/chart/?id=avengers.htm On the other hand, this is the only video game film that IIRC is canon to the games: https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/assassins_creed
Because the point is that being canon or not has nothing to do with quality. They're not called "adaptations" for no reason. Previous video game movies didn't fail because they were or weren't canon. They failed because they were poor movies. Seems you missed my edit as well.
Assassin's Creed proves your point wrong entirely. They made it canon and it still sucked. And there are plenty of great movies that changed or disregarded things from the source material. Off the top of my head there's The Shining, Starship Troopers ... There's no reason to believe making a video game movie canon will automatically make it better. A good movie is a good movie. a·dapt /əˈdapt/ verb past tense: adapted; past participle: adapted make (something) suitable for a new use or purpose; modify.
&gt;Also, just because you’re attracted to men why do you have to act like a hyper-feminine caricature of a woman? These people cannot even fathom the idea of a man not being traditionally masculine. &gt;My favorite kind of gay are the ones that you have no idea are gay because they act like a normal human being You are only a normal human being if you act "straight"!
That's some nice anecdotal evidence you have there but it proves absolutely nothing about gay people as a whole. Anyone can be overly sexual, gay or straight.
&gt; they act like a normal human being This just in: People who don't follow traditional gender norms are no longer human beings. Nice bigotry.
No it's not. The title doesn't say "I don't like people who are overly sexual". It's another gay bashing topic that this sub loves to post constantly.
Nothing says sane like thinking men who act more feminine than average aren't normal human beings.
That's literally what you said though, lmao. Yeah I'm "virtue signalling" on this sub full of bigots that will downvote me, sure. I see you get triggered easily. What a snowflake.
Last Tales game I played was Xillia 1, it was pretty good but it still felt like the franchise was getting less and less impressive. Hopefully this new title is a good reason to get back in it. Looks impressive.
https://www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/bxvdzh/murderedwithwords_is_just_a_subreddit_for_people/eq9vhzt/ &gt;You'll find that's most of the subreddits. r/topmindsofreddit, r/politics, r/feminism, and even r/unpopularopinion are leftist hives. &gt;/r/unpopularopinion ... leftist hive Lmao
Yeah because this sub circlejerking the same GAY AND WOMEN BAD topics every day is such "diversity of opinion".
Lmao wanting a competent port is expecting free blowjobs? This sub is a joke.
I gotta agree with Mr. Barlog, it must really suck for the people who put time and effort into these E3 showings and reveals. But once that info is out there ... people are gonna report on it. If one person doesn't do it then someone else will. Just the way it goes. Seems like some companies really need to work on plugging these leaks.
... Yes? When it's something that the series has used throughout the years across many titles, I'd say the gameplay is "classic Tales".
&gt;Eh, I don’t mind it. It doesn’t affect my life in any way other than seeing a hashtag on twitter or instagram. If people enjoy it, let them enjoy it. What??? How can you NOT get angry about something that has virtually no effect on your life? Ban this madman!
You: "Think for yourself!" Also you: "Wait, not like that!"
1) You say people should watch the hearing for themselves 2) Someone says they did and said he was obviously guilty 3) You question whether they actually watched it because it doesn't agree with your viewpoint Nice try but it's blatantly obvious to everyone what you did.
A low effort association of being gay with something "weak" is pretty damn funny to you? And nah, I'll call out casual homophobia whenever I please.
But he called something gay, that is the height of comedy! - Reddit
Casual homophobia is an issue even if you decide to overlook it.
Yeah making a rainbow Twitter icon is really bending over backwards. Reality check: LGBT+ people are still oppressed, discriminated, and marginalized way more than people are for being straight.
That complete lack of reaction from the crowd lmao ... Actually looks pretty good though. Not big into Minecraft proper but I'd probably play this.
Yeah ... I get they're trying to pump up the story a bit but having a minute and half of someone making constipated faces was a poor choice.
Because it's awesome.
Nice to see the leak was real and the series is taking a bigger step graphically. And it's cool that the series is back on Xbox with a new title.
The original Infinite announcement made it look like something a bit more innovative, this just kind of looks like a straight up sequel to 5. The plot in that one was just awful so I would've preferred a new direction. Oh well. Edit: This subs commenters are just insufferable sometimes.
This is the first time you've said my opinion is a "fair one to have". You keep saying it "wasn't the point" of the game as if that's supposed to counter what I said about it not looking innovative. Like the purpose of the game creators matters in my opinion of wanting an innovative game or not. If they made the game a 2D platformer with anime characters it would be what the game is "trying to be" and I would still dislike it - get it? https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/bypdzv/e3_2019_halo_infinite/eqk87ue/?context=3#eqk7dn3 "Just seems a little premature to me to say the game doesn't seem innovative based off a 2 minutes cutscene." He thinks I'm saying the entire game isn't innovative because I found the trailer to be a repeat of things we've seen in previous Halos. Even though I even clarified in a response that I was talking about the premise. One last reply showcasing your complete inability to pay attention.
Aggression? No. Pointless contrarianism that pervades this sub's comment section? Yes.
Because it adds absolutely nothing worthwhile to the discussion to question someone's general opinion on a piece of marketing material. You go to the movies with your friends. You see a new movie trailer. Some of you like it, some don't. One person says they wanted a trailer for a sequel to look more innovative but it looked like more of the same. Do you say "I thought it looked pretty good" or do you say "But WHY? It's not supposed to be innovative! It's just a trailer, you don't know what the movie will be like!"
What I just gave an example of is not "discussion", it's shouting down opinions. Aka contrarianism. Discussion would be bringing up examples of developers talking about going back to Halo's roots or whatever, saying you're fine with the game going back to what's been done if you prefer that, maybe pointing out theories on how the plot could still be different, etc.
What are you talking about?
Then why did you buy the season pass without knowing the contents of it first?
The combat was actually decent in Lego Force Awakens because they added a dedicated ranged attack button. Hopefully they keep that in.
I like how they're trying to hype up human NPCs with full dialogue as a big addition to F76. And the first thing they show is those same robotic dialogue animations.
I was hoping they would show more of the bandit camp resetting they teased recently. All these new vehicles and abilities don't mean much if I've already 100%'d the game. Pretty funny video though.
&gt;Degradation Oh my god It's a video game *You'll survive*
That running at 1:32 tho
What proof do you have of that being the reason Keanu isn't touching them besides a Twitter meme?
Or maybe he just doesn't want to touch them because he's polite? Maybe he's a germophobe? What proof do you have that it's because of "SJW bullshit"?
He kinda just stumbled on stage and yelled CYBAHPUUUNNK and gave the usual spiel about being "invited to join this project and being so excited blah blah blah". I wouldn't call it cringey though. I was mildly amused.
They move to another spot on the map, in the direction that the drone headed. It can be a pain to find ones you missed because of all the locations though. http://www.powerpyx.com/rage-2-spy-drone-locations/ I recommend reloading an autosave when you accidentally let one escape.
So because some portion of Africans were also shitty people ... racism doesn't exist anymore I guess? This is some galaxy brain thinking. But it really comes down to OP being another whiny racist who wants people to "get over" slavery, like it always does. https://www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/byu7mu/you_cant_deny_that_africans_were_just_as_much_a/eqlt53q/
Damn, I respect their decision but I'm still bummed out. Absolutely loved how the BC program ended up working especially on Xbox One X. They did include one of my final wish list games for BC (Infinite Undiscovery) so that helps soften the blow. I wonder if this means they won't add new 360/OG games to Scarlett though?
They're also adding DLCs to certain OG Xbox games through title updates. That's pretty cool since OG Xbox Live went down, making DLC content inaccessible. Armed and Dangerous: New Mission: Summer Home Star Wars Battlefront: New Map: Jabba Star Wars Battlefront II: Expansion Pack (4 new maps, 1 new hero: Kit Fisto and 1 new villain: Asajj Ventress), New mode: Kashyyyk Assault Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic: Equipment store: Yavin Station Star Wars Republic Commando: Multiplayer Map: Hangar Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell: 3 Mission Packs: Kola Cell, Vselka Infiltration, and Vselka Submarine Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell Pandora Tomorrow: 2 Map Packs (split-screen multi-player maps): Federal Bank and River Mall Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell Chaos Theory: 2 Mission Packs (split-screen co-op missions): Nuclear Plant and UN Headquarters, 2 Map Packs (split-screen multi-player maps): Polar Base and Steel Squat
I see the following DLC: Lost Episode 1 and 2, Episode Pack IV, Episode 11.5, Episode 15.5 Is it not one of those?
Been waiting for Infinite Undiscovery forever! One last present from the BC team for me.
But Epic was involved with a lawsuit that led to the game being recalled and it wasn't allowed to be sold anymore. I imagine they would have some sort of discussion with Microsoft about it.
Here's a list. They're added in with title updates. **Armed and Dangerous**: New Mission: Summer Home **Star Wars Battlefront**: New Map: Jabba **Star Wars Battlefront II**: Expansion Pack (4 new maps, 1 new hero: Kit Fisto and 1 new villain: Asajj Ventress), New mode: Kashyyyk Assault **Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic**: Equipment store: Yavin Station **Star Wars Republic Commando**: Multiplayer Map: Hangar **Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell**: 3 Mission Packs: Kola Cell, Vselka Infiltration, and Vselka Submarine **Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell Pandora Tomorrow**: 2 Map Packs (split-screen multi-player maps): Federal Bank and River Mall **Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell Chaos Theory**: 2 Mission Packs (split-screen co-op missions): Nuclear Plant and UN Headquarters, 2 Map Packs (split-screen multi-player maps): Polar Base and Steel Squat
"The media and white liberal Reddit" don't need convince anything, just point out the obvious tasteless connotations of black face/brown face. But whatever floats your boat.
100%. Those snippets of gameplay on the bridge looked relatively close to the Tomb Raider reboot parts where you're running across exploding buildings, jumping to ziplines, etc. Which works fine when you're Lara Croft or Black Widow, but Thor and Iron Man? It could feel very constrictive.
The new BC games haven't hit yet so I assume the title updates will go out around the same time. All I can find is "sometime this week".
That's what I mean though - Ultimate Thor didn't wear a helmet, so why the obsession with Movie Thor or Square Enix Avengers Thor doing the same? The way I see it they're all alternate versions just like Ultimate Thor was. So many things get changed and adapted, but the helmet seems to be a sticking point for some people.
There is not a single comic panel of 616 Thor without a helmet?
I think it's detailed more in deleted scenes. Both Chronicles of Riddick and Riddick 2013 have a lot of cut material that adds quite a bit to the lore.
They'll be automatic title updates once they're available, I don't think they are yet.
You can reload saves to get some of those. If you have any map spots left or a meteorite with goon enemies around it, save before hand, get the kills then reload. For the vehicle kills, you can do it on empty vehicles. Go to the Underpass map location and it has a few vehicles outside, save before/reload once they're destroyed. Check here for drone locations, but it might be easier to start a new game if you're only missing a few because who knows where they could be. http://www.powerpyx.com/rage-2-spy-drone-locations/
I see them on the US page too https://marketplace.xbox.com/en-us/Product/ASURAS-WRATH/66acd000-77fe-1000-9115-d80243430817
&gt; It's like Batman without his cowl. It obviously isn't if so many iterations of Thor can get away with not having it.
So what ... you think every time people see Thor without a helmet, they associate it with a version of Thor they didn't like? Seems like a stretch.
I think it does. And like I said, the helmet obviously isn't that integral to the character if multiple versions have gone without it.
That's what I meant - I never said Epic got the rights to the IP.
It's mostly Elon Musk criticism, I made a post about how he's been clearly pandering to younger people after publicly embarrassing himself and my comment was removed.
&gt;how hated this song is Where are you pulling this from? The song was mildly popular and and intentional parody of catchy pop songs. Edit: Has anyone here even seen the movie the song is from? Sheesh.
So you think they based a joke on what you and your personal acquaintances thought of the song? The joke is really based off of the actual movie where the song is basically corporate mind control - they sing it for 5 hours straight because it's so catchy.
Right, but the joke isn't the song is hated - it's that it's so catchy that people don't notice the conformist undertones.
But they literally did because after the lawsuit, game copies were ordered to be destroy and the game was removed from Xbox Live. How could Microsoft just host the same content?
No, they're using the joke from the movie that the song is played endlessly because it's so catchy. Not that it's "hated" like he said.
.... That's still a joke in the movie, which obviously the game is playing on.
"Appear to be" You don't have any more knowledge of the situation than I do. But I'm gonna say if the game was literally court ordered to be destroyed, you can't just host the game's content and code again without some sort of agreement being made. But you do you.
It's almost like it was a meme BECAUSE it's catchy ... hmm ...
Cool opinion but that's literally the point of the song.
You think a shitty video of some guy reading clickbait articles of Twitter opinions is proof of anything? You are incredibly stupid. "Everything you watch must fit a political narrative" *Like the video you just linked?*
If fans truly valued Thor's helmet as much as those things, then there would be no way they could get away with movie and video game versions without the helmet. But they do. So clearly it's not as iconic.
... I never said it wasn't iconic on some level. My point was it's obviously not that important if they've gone without it multiple times, yet some fans act like it's direly important.
So basically it's a vocal minority clamoring for a non-essential part of the character. Got it.
Never indicated it upset me in any way.
TIL curiosity as to why people think the Thor helmet is so important = complaining
Nope, I'm fine with them looking different from the movies. I think they look bad all on their own. Captain America looks like someone's beer guzzling uncle.
I've seen way more comments saying people are making this complaint, than people actually making this complaint.
No? It's about general criticism about the character models. But people defending them are implying all the criticism is "they're not like the movies".
Wow, thanks for the heads up. I'll boot up the game and see if I get the platinum.
&gt; As if /u/captainteembro was wrong for having a different opinion to you. How did you come to that conclusion? My "nope" is clearly because he assumes all the criticism of the game designs is because they don't look like the movie actors. Notice the comma?
I'm only missing the trophy which was previously 100 defense missions, thankfully.
Wow, this looks a lot better than the Gameinformer footage from a few weeks ago. That footage seemed to be only the "Infinity Trials" which gave the impression that game was made up entirely of fairly bland circle arenas. This new footage is a lot better at selling the game, actual levels and cutscenes, etc. I'm back to cautiously optimistic about this one. The character roster is really great too.
Hey, at least the top comments are actually calling bullshit. I guess the mods removed this one before the usual crowd could come in and upvote all the shitty comments.
... And what exactly is wrong with showing a gay character in a trailer? Would you have a problem if they showed a straight couple instead?
You say there's nothing wrong with showing a gay couple, but also decide on a conspiracy theory that Naughty Dog only showed a gay character in the trailer for journalist praise. So you're predisposed to think there's something wrong with showing a gay character in a trailer with zero evidence. You're showcasing a blatant bias by thinking there must be some agenda or angle behind a gay character. Maybe they can just ... exist. And be in games and other fictional media. Did you consider this option?
It's crazy, but I assure you - LGBT people do exist in real life.
The problem is certain people thinking EVERY example of an LGBT character is "doing it wrong". They're never satisfied because they just don't want non-straight characters in games.
It was the opposite of forced - it was supplemental text on a website, not even in the game. There doesn't need to be an in-depth story to have LGBT characters. The same way they can offhand mention a straight relationship, they can offhand mention a gay relationship. Same thing.
I didn't see the Apex Legends developers "parade" anything. People asked them about the characters and they answered. It doesn't have to change anything about the characters. Because it's almost like ... gasp ... LGBT people are human beings too. They can be basic battle royale characters, they can be super in-depth RPG characters, and everything in between.
&gt;when most people don't care what you are into. Obviously they do care if they get this upset by LGBT characters getting the bare minimum of representation. That's the entire point. &gt;The problem is that some companies are just way too in your face with it all. Way too in your face? People were angry because Apex Legends mentioned a character was gay on a website for the game. Not even in the game itself. &gt;but if a character is written with their main trait being gay or trans or whatever People will always say it's being portrayed as their "main trait" even if it's just showing them doing normal shit like kissing someone of the same sex. It's ridiculous double standards.
&gt; Characters can also be well written without making their sexuality important at all. No shit? They can make their sexuality important if that's what the writer pleases. Just like they could make a straight relationship an important part of their character. &gt;I'd like to go a week without having to be reminded about the sexuality of fictional characters when it doesn't factor into the story. It doesn't have to factor into the story. Gay people just exist. Why does it upset you when that is reflected in fictional characters? You have thousands upon thousands of straight characters. You'll survive a tiny fraction of characters being LGBT, I promise you.
There are *thousands upon thousands* of side characters in games that mention things about their lives that has nothing to do with the plot. Why do you only dislike it when it's mentioning they're gay? Why NOT mention they're gay? Do you have a problem when character says they're in a straight relationship? Because if you have a problem with one and not the other, you're biased.
Do you criticize every single aspect of every piece of fictional media you consume that doesn't further the story? I doubt it. So why does being gay get that scrutiny? &gt;I think people are just feeling that lately a lot of companies just try to mention it everytime they get a chance for PR reasons. That really doesn't happen that much because angry gamers get upset over it (as evidenced by this thread). A character being gay and being accurately portrayed as gay (ie. The Last of Us 2) is not for "PR reasons". If you assume every example is just PR, you are being biased. &gt;What I personally can't stand is when it's something that needs to be retroactively addressed. Sounds like you're referencing J.K Rowling, one specific example that has no bearing on video games.
They changed a bunch of them, and there aren't any trophies for Terrorist Hunt anymore. My last trophy was previously "Complete 100 defense missions", now it's "Win 1 Secure Area multiplayer match". Achievement website but it details which achievements/trophies changed: https://www.trueachievements.com/n38072/rainbow-six-siege-achievement-changes
I did every other trophy on the old list and I had over 70 Terrorist Hunt defense wins when they pushed a patch a few years back that erased all progress on it. So it's definitely still an achievement for me.
I believe so, yes! I appreciate the heads up!
There was in the first game, haven't played the second though.
I like to think of it this way: They dug themselves into a hole, and then filled it back up. Acting like what they did is some brave act is crazy to me. If they hadn't updated the game then their reputation would be ruined and their next game would probably flop. And I'm sure they knew that.
How dare people display common courtesy. What if this slippery slope leads to us showing basic respect to those outside gender norms??
How rotten does your soul have to be to have a problem with people expressing support for single parents? Young, old, female, male, I think anyone who does a good job raising a child all on their own is "inspirational".
Another comment continuing the made up narrative that all the criticism is because they're "not like the movies". I'm fine with them not looking like the MCU actors. I still think the game characters look bad. Notice how there wasn't an uproar because Spider-Man PS4 didn't look like Tom Holland?
&gt;overshadowed by negative publicity That's the fault of bigots who would just find something else to criticize if not pride parades. &gt;if true inclusion is the goal it does more harm than good Inclusion =/= conforming.
I can complain all I want when it's used as a spiteful "what about ME" response instead of genuine pride.
Okay.
People care to mock those who get triggered over gay pride existing, yes.
Hypocrite isn't an insult when it accurately describes your complete inability to comprehend that everything you accuse me of doing, you did first, following your own logic. Yes - I understand the original conversation just fine, unlike you I can follow comment chains easily. I responded to one specific point you made. I am allowed to do this. Anyone is allowed to do this at anytime on any discussion forum ever. Instead of actually responding to my comment specifically about TA score, you got defensive and went on a completely pointless tangent about "context". YOU brought up the idea of disliking TA score. I disagreed. THAT'S IT. Context is not needed because your opinion of TA score being awful is an idea in of itself that can be responded to, debated, disagreed with. *That's how discussion works.* **If you didn't want people to disagree with your opinion on TA score, then you shouldn't have posted it.**
Imagine being some religious fundamentalist whos almost convinced on straight people being normal members of society and then they see a Mardi Gras parade
You've never seen the parade where hundreds of drunken girls go topless be nearly as sexually explicit? Okay. Yeah it's almost like that's the point - judging all straight or gay people based on intentionally over the top parades is idiotic. Pride parades are not vehicles meant to display toned down behavior to convert bigots. They are not for you.
The dumbest comment belongs to you seeing as you missed the point entirely. They would consider it disgusting, yes - but do they then assume all straight people are like that? T_D poster is too stupid to get the obvious point, shocking. Have fun on my block list.
&gt;it's counteracted by women being somewhat more uptight and less forgiving (pretty much every show/movie I've seen that's written by women prominently features revenge in the plot somewhere). Bases his impression of men on real life Bases his impression of women on written fiction 🤔 &gt;I hold the door open for everyone following me into a building. Men will 90% of the time hold the open for me (M). Women, only 20% will hold the door open. They will more often then not let it slam into your face. "All women are meanie heads because a few haven't held a door open for me" &gt;Women only pretend to be good people just for social media likes Fact: There is zero evidence of a femoid being nice before social media was invented
ITT: A woman was mean to me once. All females are therefore evil.
Pretty much everyone who 100%'d the game and wants to keep playing? It will most likely be a toggle to respawn enemies, not done automatically if that's what you're thinking.
Having fun playing the game?
People may speak about and advocate for LGBT causes at the pride events but the parade itself, again, is not a vehicle intended to convert people. Pride is about being yourself, not being what other people want you to be.
Because people enjoy the combat and want the ability to keep playing the outposts since they're the best way to experience that combat.
The world is massively overpopulated. We could use a lot more gay people.
A) Where is the rule that says TV shows must be 100% census level accurate to real world population numbers? I could make a fictional TV show where the whole world is gay if I wanted to B) Most of those 80% will have maybe one gay character. On a show with at least 20 characters, that's only 5%.
Don't worry honey, global warming will kill us before the evil gays can
Right, you just said they would bring about the apocalypse. My mistake
Who cares? It's still a circlejerked opinion that the bigots love to upvote. And if he's one of those people that think pride parades should be used to "normalize" gay people then I'd say that's borderline homophobic anyways.
Gay and minority are bad = freedom of speech, don't you dare censor me Gay and minority are human beings like everyone else = SJW propaganda that should be banned
https://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/265009/Thought_EA_had_Star_Wars_locked_up_Lego_Star_Wars_says_no.php "But how did it happen, if EA has the exclusive rights to the franchise? Turns out, not so much; that deal covered games aimed at a "core gaming audience." Presumably shooters like its successful Battlefront meet that criterion; apparently Lego Star Wars does not."
Rights don't just disappear when a studio goes under. Someone has to own them. I have trouble believing that Microsoft, the owner of Minecraft, has nothing to do with a Minecraft branded game.
&gt;I have personally been told, Months ago some chick was arguing with some buddies of mine and we all have the same opinion on it. So i voiced mine "oh look another typical White dude we sure as hell don't need your opinion" ever since then i have noticed More and more of this. Oh wow ... one whole person told you that? And you have noticed "more and more" even though you only list the one example? What a tough life.
Oh swell, gay people will have cakes - that totally makes up for homophobia!
I don't think basic accessibility options like button remapping would "compromise" the vision of a Zelda game (or virtually any game).
Go to the weapon tab in the menu, it should say something like "Global Damage +XX%". The defense one just gives you more health. You start at 100 and go up by 5 each time, so you can check whatever your max health is when fully healed.
&gt;Preachers are not free to speak about actual scripture for fear of backlash from the far left, LGBLT community, or whatever other radicalized "special interest" group exists. Did this guy forget that churches are still a thing? &gt;Matter of fact, people are actively discouraged from believing what they want because it "offends" someone. Barely anyone gives a shit if you just believe in God. They care when following a given religion involves discriminating against people who aren't straight. &gt;Meanwhile the far right constantly gives into demands Aww, the poor far right has to "give in" to appearing less racist, sexist, and homophobic. Truly they are the most oppressed.
Why not?
No they're not, that was misinformation. https://twitter.com/Obsidian/status/1141798485768822784
&gt;Like, do people actually go out of their way to play games with LGBT+ characters/theme just because they have that theme? Yes? People watch romance movies because that interests them, or watch action movies because they can live vicariously through the main character. Why is it suddenly an issue when someone wants to see games with LGBT+ themes if that's what they enjoy?
They'd probably just call you weird for saying some shares your "straight view of sex and women". Try talking like a human being. I've seen plenty of people talk about how in Witcher you get to bang hot girls and Mass Effect you can romance sexy alien chicks and your imaginary Reddit strawman didn't call them bigots. Funny how that works.
He just said games have more than one tag. No one is going to click on every single game that has the LGBT tag and buy it automatically. A more realistic scenario is someone browsing through that tag, seeing a game that looks interesting, looking at the other tags, reading reviews, etc. - pretty much how any other game description can be used.
The flimsy argument is saying that gay people merely existing is somehow political.
... No, the "LGBT" would not do that.
I missed that salt, was it as bad as when Isabelle was revealed? It seems the standard procedure for hardcore Smash Bros fans is: 1) Think about what characters you personally would be most hyped for 2) Find some sort of leak or argument that flimsily supports your preferred characters 3) Lose your shit when they announce any other characters even if they're a popular character from another major franchise that fits perfectly into the game
"Gay people are OK" is truly the most political opinion of our time, OP sure is brave for standing up to it
I didn't get the impression they're going to make it generic to appeal to Western audiences at all. It's still looks like Tales, just with some fresh graphics and gameplay.
Okay, I'll get right on it. Signed, Mr. Sony
&gt;people of color in ropes Looks like OP's mask slipped off there for a second ... 😬
I think the movie is mediocre because of the entire symbiote/Venom plot, not just the terrible dance scene. Even if it makes sense, it devalues the threat. Am I supposed to be scared the symbiote will make Peter into a genuinely worse person, or laughing that it turns him into a goofball?
Hundreds upon hundreds of fictional male characters exhibit toxic behavior (how many James Bond films are there?): I sleep Puppet pig is mean to puppet frog: Real shit?
It's almost like I put "hundreds upon hundreds" at the start of my comment and picked one character off top of my head 🤔
Just because James Bond isn't 1:1 to a Muppets character doesn't mean the example is "wrong". He's still an idolized fictional character, supposedly charming and alluring to all the ladies, yet exhibits sexist and/or creepy behavior. How about this iconic cartoon character that is basically a walking sexual harassment? I bet dollars to donuts the people on /r/popularconservativeopinions would say it's "censorship" to point that out and it's "just a joke, stop getting so triggered". Yawn. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pep%C3%A9_Le_Pew
They've had bits about it but I don't recall something reaching "kids these days are so bad that technology would learn from them and start killing people" territory.
I rewatched all the movies leading up to Endgame and I forgot how out of character she is in Age of Ultron. It's a strange speed bump in her character's history. She goes from wanting to support SHIELD/do the right thing to escape her troubled past, to suddenly wanting to ditch the Avengers so she can get some green dick?
&gt;We decided I would carry an envelope and say its for office "XXX," she would already tell reception she was expecting this delivery and that she had to sign for it personally. &gt; I see the receptionist, tell her I need a signature from office "XXX" and she points me in the right direction. &gt;And she is obviously masturbating under her desk, assuming this "guy" was going to walk in. So ... is she really tight with this receptionist? Like "hey I'll be masturbating under the desk so don't let anyone else in" tight? "I'm gonna leave the door unlocked so make sure to dash over and stop anyone else from opening the door" tight?
I'd take Quake too, maybe as DLC. She would be perfect for MUA.
I have no idea what this other guy is talking about - the movie looks fantastic on any screen, I watched it on Bluray when it came out and had no issues. Definitely worth a watch.
The most outwardly patriotic country in the world with 300+ million people ... truly unpopular to say you like it. This is more proof that their sub's userbase thinks that Reddit/the internet is an accurate representation of the whole world. See some Reddit threads criticizing American policies? Thst must mean I'm brave to say I like America! Same reason they say white males are truly the most oppressed because they saw a few examples of assholes on Twitter or Tumblr.
DAE Fartnite bad? Upvotes to the left
I just got the YouTube app on my Switch and I never even thought of this, thanks for the heads up OP. I have all the recent MCU movies on there.
You think they should shoot entirely new scenes and spend millions of dollars for a simple rerelease?
He's simply pointing out the circlejerk surrounding this game on /r/xboxone. "Critics bad, DAE mindless fun?" It's boring seeing the exact same comments that add nothing.
"Ah, you're criticizing low effort circlejerk comments? Your criticism is obviously the real issue here!" Wow, you really got me with that one.
Yeah, no. It's not a "whoopsie" to start talking about immigrants "entering the gene pool" or "rich blacks committing crime". That stuff doesn't come out of nowhere, get real.
You said "Jon said stupid shit, but I'd love to know of anybody who hasn't". I've said stupid shit but I've definitely never talked about "immigrants entering the gene pool" in any serious fashion. That's not just uninformed or ignorant, it's actively hateful. Jontron has over 25x the subscribers as Destiny. Of course people focus on him when a clip comes out of him saying blatantly racist crap.
Related to that: I think the concept of Andromeda being a dangerous new galaxy where you are separated from the people and places you knew by both hundreds of years and the vast stretches of space, is immediately undermined by those rebels existing. How bad would things have to get for you to leave the only safe spot you know in an entire galaxy? It would have worked for the story if you got to the surface and the rebels were wiped out or close to it. Then the threat could be taken seriously, reinforcing that they really need a Pathfinder to save the day. Instead it doesn't seem like your job is that important if people are able to survive there already.
Andromeda is like the prequels in that it was a highly anticipated follow up to a beloved trilogy that ended up failing on pretty much every level while eschewing most everything that made that original trilogy great.
Thanks, I couldn't remember it exactly.
The first trilogy didn't have its entire plot hinge on the idea of the galaxy being incredibly dangerous and unexplored, thus requiring the Pathfinder program.
Why do they have to mesh? The juxtaposition of serious and silly elements can be very entertaining.
That's the joke, man. They're making fun of how "street magic" videos try to be "hip and cool".
Great vid, helps put a lot of the game into perspective. It's pretty neat how some of the most memorable stuff in the game came about from them having to change or update original ideas because of the problems they caused. I especially liked when he jokingly apologized for the &gt;!Ash Twin!&lt; puzzle as that was probably by least favourite part of the game. Also that achievement that had to scrap would have been amazing.
This was 100% my issue. I got the idea of alignments/destinations just fine, I got the idea of warping into itself. The problem is HOW do you do that? I had to look it up because there's nothing hinting at the specific method you use, at least that I could find. Without some sort of hint about how you actually make the jump, the puzzle remains frustrating IMO.
Sounds like they're doing a great job of it if you're treating so riled up at their obvious parody.
Did you read the article? He doesn't blame Rockstar or really act like he got "robbed". He simply points out the discrepancy between video game performances and other mediums. I think it's a pretty interesting topic with how popular games are getting.
That's CJ's voice actor, the article linked above is about Niko Bellic's.
Sure, and that's discussed in the article too. I'm not saying he's absolutely right, but it's an interesting topic.
Check out OP's profile. It's some weird bot farming karma.
But Chuck is right. Jimmy isn't a "real lawyer" in the sense that he would have lost his law license multiple times over if all the things he does came to light. I think Chuck's illness is simply a metaphor for his lack of control over the things around him. It manifests after his wife leaves him. It flares up when he suspects Jimmy is abusing his power as a lawyer - he knows Jimmy could ruin his legacy and name. And everyone in Chuck's life has to bend to his needs because of it. If he can't control his life and those around him through power and respect, he subconsciously does it through a mental illness.
So you've had both Disc 1 and 2 installed (both game icons in your games list) and tried to start Disc 2? Does it not launch at all or can you get to the ingame menu?
&gt;But in my personal experience and talk with my successful with women male friends women are quite likely to be bad and selfish in bed. Ah yes, the ultimate in peer-reviewed, conclusive studies ... a bunch of dudes telling each other about their sexual history.
&gt;click on the disc icon to install it You don't need to do that, it should start installing automatically. Uninstall both then install disc 2 fully, followed by disc 1. Once both are fully installed, you launch disc 1 to play the play campaign, and disc 2 to play the DLC campaigns. That's what worked for me.
Lol I was just going to suggest booting up disc 1 first because maybe disc 2 is looking for a save file or something like that. Glad it's working for you. While the game's setup with backwards compatibility is unique, it shouldn't cause any issues once it's installed properly. I have read that an unfortunate byproduct of how they split up the installs means you don't unlock the DLC costumes in the base campaign though.
Either way you're practicing bi erasure by saying her sexuality is lessened because she doesn't flip flop between genders. She says she's bi and has shown attraction to more than one gender, that's all that matters.
I don't think it's that mind boggling. Is UHD even poised to be as big a game changer as DVD? Not everyone has 4K TVs and even then a lot of movie sales are digital now - why buy a whole new UHD player or game console when there are cheaper devices that stream at 4K? It makes more sense to wait for a new console generation so I get Sony's angle with the Pro. Personally I have little desire to upgrade to a 4K TV anytime soon and I don't want to rebuy a bunch of Blurays when 1080p looks just fine.
Max Payne ... it already has tons of cinematic influence, it's a pretty basic revenge story that works if you have solid action set pieces and choreography. The fact that they already screwed it up is a testament to how bad video game adaptions usually are. It should have been a slam dunk.
Do you think businesses regularly make additions to their products because they "don't make sense"? Like Sony said "Man this is a bad idea to add the DVD player, let's do it anyways"?
Dizzy was a thing before the Aladdin Deck Enhancer existed, they just ported one of his games to that (and regular unlicensed NES cartridges I believe). It was apparently very popular in the UK for a brief time period. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dizzy_–_The_Ultimate_Cartoon_Adventure
I finished the 1st game last year and I'm currently playing the 2nd. The main hurdle you have to get over is getting used to the controls. They're not bad, they work perfectly once you get used to them, but they definitely lack the fluidity of something like Super Mario 64. I like to think of it like you're not so much controlling Lara Croft, but more like controlling Lara Bot 3000. You have to stop, line up, and calculate nearly every jump unless you want to fall victim to the nearest spike trap or pitfall. Learning to judge distances and performing the appropriate jump move is key. The 2nd game lets you save anywhere which I think they overcompensated for by making the game noticeably more difficult than the 1st one. I reload saves a LOT. But there's tons of health packs and extra ammo to find if you explore.
I was super excited for Exodus, loved the first 2 game and I've probably played them through 4 times each. Booted up my copy on day 1 on Xbox One X, and the game crashed CONSTANTLY. No joke, I got somewhere around 10-15 hard crashes in the first few levels (there's one short outdoor section in the tutorial stuff where you're supposed to stealth passed some enemies and it crashed 5 times in a row within 1 minute of loading, every time without fail). So I took a break from it. There were some patches - although I've heard the game still has the occasional crash on Xbox One X - so I try the game again sometime later. I get to the first open outdoor area. I wander around off the beaten trail and explore an area. I use pretty much all of my resources and I get maybe 80% of what I spent back in loot. So ... what was the point? Shouldn't I gain something special or at profit a little bit when it comes to ammo/supplies? It didn't make much sense to me. And then there was a bunch of crafting elements which I felt were somewhat tacked on. I'm sure the game gets better but after all that I lost all motivation to play. I'm not against open world in general like some people, but I loved the linearity in 2033/LL and it help elevate the narrative/gameplay quite a bit.
The desert negotiation scene remains my favorite moment in the entire show. It's like we're getting a sneak preview of Saul proper, a couple of years (or whatever the timeline is now) before he truly gives in to that side of him. His ability to translate the chaotic nature of criminals into terms of law and justice is endlessly entertaining.
Pretty sure people are talking about it since this exact tweet is copy and pasted constantly. The term "memory loss" is broad enough that everyone will think it must apply to them and thus likes/retweets/upvotes flood in from everyone saying "WOW THAT EXPLAINS EVERYTHING!" https://www.vice.com/en_ca/article/ywae7k/anxiety-and-depression-are-linked-to-memory-loss
Looking at the release dates for the franchise and this is going to be the longest gap between two mainline titles. Hope it's worth the wait, I still love Tales but the last couple of games haven't been super impressive.
Guilty Gear and BlazBlue are cool ... but J.J. from The MISSING being included is what got me interested in this. https://twitter.com/Swery65/status/1215762551604072448?s=20
The titular character from [The MISSING: J.J. Maxfield and the Island of Memories](https://store.steampowered.com/app/842910/The_MISSING_JJ_Macfield_and_the_Island_of_Memories/), a fantastic game I highly recommend. Written/directed by SWERY, who also made the (in)famous Deadly Premonition.
I don't hate the newest games, but IMO Vesperia was a very high water mark and the games after that have been varying degrees of "good, not great". Vesperia has a light tone? The main character's arc is pretty grim for a relatively mainstream game. The character designs aren't chibi and don't seem that different from Berseria at all. And the art style is just gorgeous and holds up really well.
"Quirky" characters embarking on a journey and saving lives? Do you also dislike the 95% of JRPGs that fit that mold? What's wrong with a light tone? I don't need my games to be dark and "mature" to be enjoyable. Going on a fun adventure with likeable characters is why I like most of my favourite JRPGs. Of course there are ups and downs and dramatic moments even in games that are overall lighthearted. Sounds like you hyped yourself up more than anything. Of course it's not going to meet your sky high expectations if you're not able to parse people's opinions and your own critical analysis. That is not chibi. [This is chibi.](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/cb/6a/97/cb6a97d85b51ff06a946d66125c86950.jpg) The Vesperia heads aren't "giant" at all. Wait, you only played EIGHT HOURS of a 60 hour JRPG and are gonna act like you know the tone of the whole thing and the entire arc of the main character? Jesus christ.
Didn't seem like trial and error to me at all, especially with how the main mechanic works, you can take a couple of hits on spikes or whatever before completely failing. Compare it to something like LIMBO where the game constantly tricks you into one-hit deaths and The MISSING is far superior IMO. I would love to know any games that have a story as unique and progressive as The MISSING. The ending sequence completely blew me away and the build up to it throughout the game using the text message system was perfect.
I highly recommend ACE. The program is just 2 months to get full Grade 12 equivalence, whereas something like Wheable you need to take whatever credits you still need which can take months or even years.
Not sludge through crap, but I definitely force myself to play games I'm not in love with because I want to play a later installment. I feel like I'm wasting money or not getting the full experience, depending on the title. I'm playing Darksiders 2 because I want to play the 3rd. The 2nd one is just ... okay. The story isn't that good and I feel the open world stuff isn't nearly as engaging as the Zelda-style structure of the first game. I also want to play Dishonored 2, but then I remember I never finished the DLC for the first game so back I go. I want to play some of the newer Atelier games, but I have Atelier Sophie unfinished on the shelf ... the list goes on. I think I'll try to make an effort to just play a later game if I feel like it in the future though.
Which Reddit are you on? /r/prequelmemes is huge and bashing the sequel trilogy and acting like George Lucas is a misunderstood genius is totally hot right now. The prequels are shit, I don't care how much worldbuilding or funny maymays they have.
&gt;Judging by... so many things, Facebook, the news, movies, adverts, politicians, etc etc etc, this is an unpopular opinion. Ah yes, the ultimate strawman these people love to use ... T H E M E D I A
When Destiny 2 went free to play a few months ago, they literally made the story mode an optional quest given by an out of the way NPC that you barely have any reason to interact with. I think the game maybe tells you this once and then never again. Also they added in the intro mission from Destiny 1 before the game skips you ahead to the intro from Destiny 2 thus implying everything that happened in the first game is completely irrelevant. That's how important the story is in Destiny.
The CEO said it sold 2.5 million copies. Are you suggesting we shouldn't take the statistic as fact because it was said by someone involved in the production of the game? You would have to throw out many reported numbers across multiple industries if that was the case. What advertised mechanics and content were missing?
I mean ... a large majority of speedruns use glitches and exploits. That's the point.
Username doesn't check out
You are making a massive generalization to feed into the "critics bad" narrative that's usually only brought up when something gets mediocre reviews and diehard fans can't cope with it. One outlet did a bad job reviewing The Witcher Netflix series? ALL CRITICS ARE TERRIBLE!
I replayed it on MCC and despite some issues (the story feels rushed at some parts) it's still a damn fine game. ODST &gt; 3 &gt; Reach &gt; 1 &gt; 2 &gt;&gt;&gt; 4 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 5
I'm convinced this article is 100% outrage clickbait with how it completely misrepresents most of the characters. I regret clicking on it knowing it's exactly what they wanted. Funnily enough, it's the kind of low effort listicle that the show itself would make fun of (and has).
Do you understand how memes work? It's not literally saying "Darth Maul says this". The dual lightsaber is a surprise reveal with a delay in the middle; the meme is one expected line followed by a delay and something unexpected or supplementary. It's not rocket science.
They have TONS of chemistry, their relationship is a highlight of the show. She clearly likes Jimmy for his personality, so being "outta his league" isn't really relevant.
You don't know it's the point if you call it "cheating", or think she did it "just because he's available" with the amount of vitriol she clearly has towards Walt when she reveals it. Many people wildly misinterpret that scene and use it to bash Skyler.
Absolutely romantic chemistry, portrayed in a more realistic manner than a majority of TV couples. It's not the over the top and in your face, but you can see the affection the two have for each other.
Just because a piece of paper says they're married doesn't mean they can't decide the relationship is over. You know, like *throwing the other out of the house because they're a drug manufacturer and threat to their family*. That's usually an indicator that they're not together anymore - a bit subtle for you, perhaps.
Which by definition, it isn't, as I just explained. Cheating is a negative action - you're the one making implications using that word, I'm simply pointing that out. If you're not trying to criticize Skyler, you should consider your "little theory" more carefully. I suggest you learn what words mean before using them; ignorance is an extremely unattractive personality trait. Have fun on my block list.
On the other hand I think their sexual identity is their own and recognizing a bit of attraction in the same sex shouldn't mean they're less than 100% straight. It's not "constricting" any more than any other sexuality. In other words, let dudes say their homies look good without it being anything deeper than that 😎
It's not DLC, it's included in the patch for the game.
Fun fact: This event was supposed to launch 11 months ago, but was cancelled for undisclosed reasons. It was cancelled late enough that I saw it being advertised on the Xbox dashboard. https://www.reddit.com/r/RocketLeague/comments/aq2lko/is_this_the_cancelled_event_being_advertised_on/
It definitely felt like Last of Us: Medieval Edition to me - and I mean that in the nicest way possible. Strong focus on narrative and graphics, simple but effective gameplay mechanics, playing as a someone escorting a younger character, emphasis on stealth, dark and grim setting, most linear with some small side paths, and so on.
It took me like 15. I doubt it's possible to legitimately clear it in 3 hours, there's lot narrative and slow stealth sections.
&gt; I'm also not a pedo Shh, you'll upset the Reddit Pokemon fans with all their Rule 34 of underage characters
They are absolutely comparable experiences and check a lot of the same boxes - like I already explained. I never said they were LITERALLY the EXACT same when it came to their linearity or level of polish, that's not what comparable means. And TLoU levels aren't really that wide open. Sure there's a couple spots where you can explore a decent amount like the hotel but it's still overall very linear.
Disappointing =/= unplayable. Digital Foundry clearly explained all the problems with the ports, there were undeniable issues.
Every time a meme like this is posted there's so much controversy in the comments lmao. A meme like this isn't meant to reflect on 100% of situations with trans people and being attracted to them. Y'all need to relax a little.
I was enjoying this interview a lot, up until the very end where he said he likes the Star Wars prequels ... oof. This new wave of the prequels being seen as "misunderstoof masterpieces" is baffling to me. Oh well. Great interview overall.
It surpassed my expectations by avoiding the easy route of giving the fans exactly what they wanted, and instead surprising us with an incredible show that rivals, and arguably surpasses the show it's a spin off from.
See, that's not far off from what I'm talking about. Feelings the new movies are so bad that one feels the need to prop up the prequels in comparison. Even though the prequels blatantly fail at the very basics of filmmaking and are awful from top to bottom. The new movies having any semblance of camerawork and dialogue that sounds vaguely like a human being would say it means they are already a hundred times better than the prequels. New movies bad? Sure. Prequels worse? Always.
They have an incredibly simplistic story to tell (Anakan turns bad) and they still mess it up it multiple ways. Anakin is extremely unlikeable right out of the gate, falls to the darkside because of the most obviously evil guy ever, Padme dies because the script demands it. The Phantom Menace is pretty much pointless to the story entirely. Yeah, the prequels weren't cash grabs at all. It's not like they had an insane amount of toys, tie-in products, and advertising. Nonsensical characters? That describes virtually everyone in the prequels. No one realizes Palpatine is evil. Anakin murdering children because of a dream and an incredibly vague promise (and inexplicably staying evil when that promise isn't fulfilled). Obi-wan showing anger and other emotions constantly while extolling the virtues of non-emotion. Stumbling into a convenient clone army and just accepting it. The list goes on. The script is embarrassingly bad. Even if gorgeous and professionally made are the only two good things about the entire sequel trilogy, that's still two more than the prequels.
&gt;If any other country or people were being treated like this Like how "Fuck China" will get you upvotes on most major subs?
Yeah, that and when it said it gave us "awesome lightsaber battles". I guess that type of thinking works fine from a video game standpoint, but for movies it's usually terrible. You need an actual story and characters so you're engaged and not go overboard with bloated CGI battles. Everything else I've heard from Hugo sounds like he knows what he's talking about so I'm not worried or anything, but it still gave me reason to pause.
https://media0.giphy.com/media/mEahVAkKjt0VL2o5Jk/giphy.gif
They already hinted at Hank appearing. The show looks like it's diving into more criminals aspects and Hank and the DEA are obviously going to get involved at some point in this universe.
Mediocre game that is only remembered because it's an exclusive. Tell me more about how the "lore and worldbuilding" are so amazing. It's still an insanely linear, incredibly short game with zero replay value and barely any combat.
But it wasn't made out to be terrible, it was made out to be incredibly mediocre. The reviews were spot on.
It was a bit of a big deal when it came out, IIRC it was part of the Summer of Arcade promotion that happened when Xbox Live Arcade was a thing. Also it got ported to Switch. Very enjoyable game.
The reason it only counts the first episode of TWD is because DLC achievements are considered a separate completion by default (you can choose to have your stats reflect completing the base game as done, or requiring all DLC achievements as well). For Oblivion it is indeed because of getting the first few achievements offline, TA has no way of knowing when you really got them so it defaults to when you first scanned those achievements in. Looks like you registered in 2014, so about 5 years after starting Oblivion, which is around 1900 days. I think for the series tracker it's not counting Halo games you started outside of the decade. Halo Wars, 3 and ODST you started before 2010.
The site defaults to only counting base game completions (no DLC achievements required). So for an episodic Telltale game, that only means Episode 1.
Hmm, I never thought his advice was supposed to be interpreted as positive. His tone of voice when saying it is fairly negative.
It's the one at the top of the sub right now. https://www.reddit.com/r/betterCallSaul/comments/eqjebp/season_5_teaser_trailer/
I thought the exact same thing! I looked around a bit and never found a rendition quite like when Chuck plays it. Whoever played it for the show did an excellent job.
Being against homophobia is not politics.
Honestly I might switch back thanks to the backwards compatibility Microsoft has (full Xbox One, partial 360 and OG Xbox). If they keep expanding the available games after Series X launches it will be even better. If Playstation matches with compatibility for systems older than PS4, then I would probably choose the PS5 instead.
While the writers insert lots of small details on purpose, everyone makes mistakes sometimes. Covering that mistake later on thus turning it into an intentional joke is more likely IMO. Something similar happened in Breaking Bad, they used the acronym DMV but the show takes place in New Mexico where it's called the MVD. So in the spinoff Better Call Saul that added a line where the same character (Saul) gets told it's called the MVD but states he's gonna keep calling it the DMV anyways.
"Some people have said" It's literally confirmed in the link you posted. &gt;We require at least 3 characters to auto-assign you a suffix and make sure that everybody has an equal chance to have a name they can be proud of. Many older games allowed 16 characters for displaying gamertags. We’re reserving three of those characters for the suffix and one for the # symbol, leaving 12 characters for gamertags.
Deciding her character is insufferable after a single episode and never deviating from that even after multiple seasons of more complex character drama including having to deal with her monster of a husband controlling her life and abusing her is absurd.
"False narrative"? Why can't he have his own opinion on something he created?
It's incredibly reductive to think you must always "root" for the main character. Walter White is a manipulative, controlling, egotistical murderer and drug manufacturer. He puts his entire family in danger for his own personal gain.
Okay. Doesn't change that hating Skylar based on a single episode makes no sense when you see what she goes through during the rest of the series.
I would say taking a game that's obviously inspired by stuff like Super Mario 64 and Banjo Kazooie and putting it on a popular Nintendo platform is a great idea. What's odd is making it an Xbox exclusive originally. Edit: Literally all I'm saying is the game - a colourful mascot platformer - makes more sense on Switch than Xbox. Apparently people take issue with this simple observation.
A game doesn't need to be great to sell, look at all the random cheap indie games and mobile titles that get put on Switch. All I'm saying is the audience their game seems to be aiming for is found more on Switch than Xbox.
Wow, really? Next you'll tell me he didn't really summon magical spirit Pokemon to fight evil demon creatures.
Why can you accept a world where magical spirit beings and demon creatures exist, but not one where a white guy travels to Japan? Your complain makes zero sense to me. It's a fictional story, they can create what they want. They obviously didn't want to chose an actual Japanese warrior. I found an interview where they talk about it a little bit. The main character has always been a blonde foreigner since it started production way back in 2004, along the way they decided to combine that idea with the real life person. "His story is really fascinating to us and it's a central part of the game," Yasuda told me. "The main parts of his life are all in the game ... We've added some fantastical elements, like youkai, [to his story], but basically [Nioh's central narrative] is pretty true to what we know of Adams." https://www.destructoid.com/bent-not-broken-nioh-s-flexible-rigidity-370774.phtml
That's the joke. She literally wears jewels and a crown to work.
Why? Todd is exactly the type of person to completely accept the mistake and hand over the money willingly.
Data to back up ... colorful platformers being more of a Nintendo thing?
Apparently the skin was exclusive to an E3 event, they included it in the recent Arkham Collection re-release, and now they're releasing it for anyone. I doubt there's more to it, just timed limitations on the skin expiring. Apparently it's still PS4 exclusive though.
&gt;If you sympathize with him and bash on Kobe Bryant so much then i dont understand you. One of them is fictional, dude &gt;I am personally ready to let Kobe off the hook for his rape scandal Well thank god, I'm sure the rape victim is glad to hear that you've gotten over it &gt;because I realize any one can make a mistake Raping someone is not a "mistake" or an "accident" or an "oopsie"
He already did worse, 3 times.
Wish I had listened to you, just wasted an hour on this crap.
You can also see the whole Snatch Batch during one of the friends and family visit scenes.
No u
They could look 20 years older and I wouldn't care. The show is great enough that I barely even notice.
And I'm ~~Not~~ Very Happy About It
I'd rather they just make a great TV show than use distracting de-aging techniques.
I laughed out loud when I saw "stole my scarf" written by Diane on the whiteboard. I remember thinking it was funny how Bojack went from something nice (cleaning Diane's apartment) to immediately stealing a scarf from her but never thought the show would actually reference it.
Or because he didn't date someone that died from a heroin overdose under mysterious circumstances, maybe? Mr. Peanutbutter has faults but he's still far above Bojack's level.
Extremely horrified? You should feel that way towards Bojack's actions, not Hollyhock's. As heartbreaking as it is, her reaction is perfectly valid.
&gt;Nobody deserves their past actions to be held over their heads Yes ... yes they do. It's called "consequences". The consequences of Bojack's actions are that people around him, even blood relatives, are under no obligation to stay with him if they feel it will cause them trauma. Hollyhock is not responsible for Bojack or his well being. She suddenly found out she had a brother, connected with him and even stuck by him after getting drugged by his mother and seeing him hooked on pain pills. She's allowed to cut him out of her life after learning about all the shit he did. I'm sorry but did you even pay attention to the show? It goes over this kind of stuff multiple times, the most obvious being Vance Waggoner, the "Forgivees", etc. Getting angry at Hollyhock is ignoring some of the basic messages they presented.
You were still able to find public games if you played during peak hours. The real issue is they did this without any notice.
When a poorly written character is straight, they're a poorly written character. When a poorly written character is gay, they're "forced" and "defined by their sexuality". Another double standard showing how gay characters aren't allowed to be mediocre. They have to be represent their entire sexuality and thus being anything less than stellar surely proves that gay characters are forced diversity.
&gt;Mercenary wasn't a very good game I thought it was the absolute best Vita game made, one that actually fulfilled the marketing promises of the system. You have to play during peak hours but you can still find public matches for it - 7 years later, on an abandoned console. So that says something.
Stargate SG-1's episode at least has the distinction of being the first appearance of Rodney McKay, one of the best characters of the entire franchise IMO.
The story is really quite good. I can easily picture it as a highly rated TV series. And the actual gameplay is fun too, just repetitive as everyone said. Still, shooting and driving are both satisfying. &gt;Not factoring the extreme shit show of glitched trophies though. You can say that again. While I still love the game it definitely soured my experience that I would have the platinum if not for those glitches trophies.
Because she was sacrificed to get the Soul Stone, so whatever ancient magic was used to do that prevents her from being revived. I guess it wouldn't be much of a sacrifice to get the stone if you could go use the stones to undo it.
Meme still works if you swap it for critics disliking a popular movie/game. Or just not liking it enough. I had someone tell me IGN must be paid shills because they gave DOOM 2016 a ... 7.1/10.
Probably other bisexuals or queer people, people who want more visibility for bisexuality, younger people who are afraid to come out and can use this as inspiration, fans of the actress considering it was posted on her Instagram, etc.
There are a certain type of people, who are prevalent on Reddit, that likes to think homophobia is nearly non-existent. Therefore an actor coming out is just "virtue signaling" and they shouldn't discuss their sexuality openly because "no one cares".
If nobody cared then homophobia and biphobia wouldn't exist. But they do.
There must be one guy at THQ Nordic whose entire job is to come up with titles that aren't just "Game: Remastered" Darksiders: Warmastered Edition Darksiders 2: Deathinitive Edition Red Faction Guerrilla: Re-Mars-tered Edition (yes, really) Kingdoms of Amalur: Re-Reckoning
People who complain about gay characters on Netflix will swear that they totally apply the same criticism to straight characters in equal measure. Yet I've never seen a meme about "forced straight characters" get 10k upvotes on the subreddit for "dank memes".
Don't forget Edge of Tomorrow good, currently at the top of /r/movies right above Starship Troopers good
That's one specific weapon that feels overpowered as an oversight. In later games the OP weapons are a primary feature of the game. Dead Rising 2 you can make the most versatile weapon about 50 feet from where you first step foot in the game world. In Dead Rising 3 you can use a weapon closet to instantly give you powerful weapons if you've made them once before.
It's not for everyone, but the save system and time limit are specifically designed to make you feel immersed in a stressful zombie filled mall where the truth could vanish if you're not good enough. It's balanced out by the ability to keep playing and leveling Frank up even if you fail the main objective, and how it lets you carry your level over to a new playthrough, so you can try again as many times as you want. The game demands you get good and learn how to optimally spend your time in order to win.
They're not working against you, they're designed to make you learn the game's map and mechanics in order to earn the best ending. If it was easier, it wouldn't be as good. The challenge is inherently part of the game.
Indeed. A really surprising first half, a bit more predictable second half, but overall it was great.
So how do you explain it the "underperformance of Black America educationally, economically, and legally"? And if you don't have an answer, that means you have no argument whereas the "liberals" actually do.
You can cry "bullshit" all you want, without actual logic to back it up or a competing theory your claim is meritless. It's not hard to find evidence for systematic racism. Lots of studies out there showing how black people are pulled over and searched by cops more even if they're less likely to have contraband compared to white people in the same jurisdiction, black people being wrongfully given drug charges at a higher rate, received longer sentences than white people for similar charges, black people being more likely to be struck from juries, killers of black people less likely to get the death sentence, etc. Come up with another explanation or you're just burying your head in the sand. I'll wait.
I enjoyed an OP pistol run through the game like many others but I also made it a point to do a run only using SMGs and shotguns, just so I could say it's possible.
No response. Thought so.
I found 5 to be far weaker than 4. 4 at least retains some of the series humor and gives an actual conclusion to the story. 5 is dry and without much charm, feels chopped up and rushed out with copy and pasted content and a missing ending, and the twist was insanely predictable and IMO not really that necessary.
You should play The Missing.
His post implies that getting murdered by a cop instead of properly arrested is a result of Floyd's "lifestyle". When it's actually a result of shitty cops not doing their job properly. There is zero excuse for happened to him and bringing up his criminal record is an obvious attempt to excuse it.
The article has a link to what the contents of the full post were and explains why they're wrong. https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/7kp89e/riot-games-investigating-exec-who-blamed-george-floyds-murder-on-his-lifestyle
It's a stretch to say he created Loki when a) he didn't write the film b) it's based on a comic book character c) who is based on a mythological character
Yes, and I wouldn't say any of the other directors "created" the comic book characters either.
PS4 is fine but killed it? It's a black box but slanted. I'll take weird shit over that any day because at least it's fun and different.
https://www.ccn.com/playstation-4-digital-game-sales-overtake-physical-thats-a-first/ I know people who only buy digital games. There's still lots of sales, you never have to worry about finding a copy, and it's convenient not having to swap discs. I prefer physical but a digital only console makes perfect sense in this day and age.
How can you name who the game appeals to and then immediately say "no one is looking forward to this"?
MSRP is Manufacturer SUGGESTED Retail Price. Retailers can put things on sale if the wish. I got Division 2 for $3. The disc has never been that cheap.
Things need a standard price. Sony can't just reduce digital games from the standard price otherwise ... that would be the new standard. Get it? I'm pretty sure I live in Canada and not Indonesia, so no, I'm not digging up a sale price on a small market. It was a major sale in NA. It's viable because it's usually the same price at launch, there are good sales down the line, and there are multiple levels of convenience to digital. If you prefer physical, good for you. But it's really not that complicated why digital has overtaken it. See ya.
Not OP but I've had one since they launched and I love it. Great for FPS games since you can map 2 face buttons and do stuff like crouch/reload without having to take your thumb off the right stick. My only criticism is you can only create 3 presets for what buttons the paddles use. So if you switch games a lot you'll have to adjust your button choices.
Don't think it's been revealed yet
&gt;Not to mention that the entire premise of this game is that it's set in different dimensions, essentially meaning that history is easily and likely to be rewritten/altered. This is the silliest part of the whole "debate", people acting like a rule about lombax gender must apply to every dimension. Use your imaginations, people.
LGBT characters existing is not an "agenda".
Good job being exactly the type of person OP is talking about How's 9th grade treating you?
Good job being exactly the type of person OP is talking about Seriously, try using your brain and actually read OP's post. Just because something isn't for you doesn't mean it's "cringe" or just there to be "inclusive". "It's a shit game"? You haven't played it, so that just shows you're triggered baby. "That's just facts"? You have zero proof whatsover and you're just saying that because you can't fathom people liking different things than you. Grow the fuck up, you sound like an edgy 14 year old. Have fun on my block list.
Everyone in this thread says this is "cancel culture" from "leftists", but has there been any actual push to remove the show? Because the source article actually says: &gt;a spokesperson for the service telling us the show has been flagged internally for review as execs revisit and evaluate their overall content guidelines. Unless someone can provide proof of a coordianted movement to remove the show outside of Amazon themselves (or, y'know, the show actually gets removed and it's not just a review of their content), I'm gonna chalk this up to the people who complain about "outrage culture" getting outraged over a headline yet again.
3rd highest comment: She's got huuuge... Tracts of land (: 5th highest comment: The best hips on the Jedi council 6th highest comment: Aayla Secura thiccness appreciation post Tell me again how you think she's a deep and interesting character
There are a fair amount of JRPG/Japanese action games that look interesting but are brought down by their insanely generic anime main character. I wish there was a push to do something more interesting with them.
Source?
Ah, so you've played it?
So that's a no. Everyone saying the plot "sucks" are just whining because they can't understand that someone being the main character doesn't necessarily mean they're someone you should idolize. It's Breaking Bad all over again.
You missed my point entirely. Both Breaking Bad and Last of Us have main characters that do shitty things to other people. Getting criticism and comeuppance for those things is completely understandable. So if you think the plot is bad because of that, the real meaning behind it went over your head.
EA shut down Black Box so this would have to be done by a new studio. I hope it's not a Tony Hawk/Robomodo situation ...
Nice, thanks for the link.
Where exactly do you think the money to pay firefighters comes from? Your comparisons make no sense. It sounds like you've bought into anti-union propaganda. "Fuel a toxic work environment" ... as opposed to the businesses and corporations themselves, which always have your best interests at heart? Get real.
Your analogy still makes no sense. You do pay towards firefighters, even if you never need their help. Not true at all. Unions have been shown to raised wages for low and middle income workers, whereas having no unions shows higher income workers getting a bigger share instead. And they even raise incomes for non-union workers when they push for higher labor standards. " its probably better to leave than work for them" ... you make it sound like it's just one or two companies that treat their employees poorly and you can just walk across the street and find somewhere better. These issues are widespread.
Except they are. https://time.com/5663465/labor-day-union-history/
They could be doing the movie reboot thing and ignoring sequels after a certain point. Like half the Halloween movies.
Both consoles will have that as an option, but it's up to developers to support it. Xbox has said that all Xbox Games Studios titles will support it.
What's legendary about accusing someone of being a pedophile because they mildly embarrassed you, again?
I can spend 30 seconds on Twitter and find bigots talking about gay people being sinners. That doesn't really prove anything, besides shitty people being vocal on social media.
&gt;You're brave, I applaud you sir. These delusional idiots genuinely think they're brave by crying about being "oppressed" as a white man.
Bullshit. I saw a tweet from the Sesame Street twitter celebrating Pride Month, and the replies were full of homophobia. Tons of right-wing bigots on that site.
The achievements? Pretty sure none of them require online so I don't see why you couldn't get 100%.
... Do you have a problem with mascots or something?
He's been in that "perspective" for over 2 decades. https://youtu.be/EYrYSWxDf7o It's just a suit, you're acting weird.
There wasn't anything comical about your response, it was just weird an unnecessary. Please think before you post.
It's so strange to me that the sequel to one of my favourite games ever is out in like 3 weeks. It's nice that this wasn't announced years too early.
The game has two time periods, before and after Deadly Premonition 1. The prequel part takes place in Louisiana where you play as York, the sequel part is a new character in Boston (and I feel like it's just a framing device, at least I haven't seen any gameplay).
It's available digitally on Nintendo Switch, PS3, and PC.
The Boston angle is more interesting when you consider that's where D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die took place, and the screenshots we've seen of Deadly Premonition 2 in Boston look near identical to the main character's apartment from D4. https://twitter.com/RelyonHorror/status/1169430209038311424?s=20 Most likely just an Easter egg since but cool nonetheless.
Every time they port the game they actually make it perform a little bit worse, I'm pretty sure the original 360 version still plays the best. I don't think anyone behind the series has enough money to make a proper remaster.
The publisher behind the NA version did go under which might be related, or they might keep it delisted to promote the newer versions.
Have you actually watched the show because they've already touched on current affairs multiple times. The idea that no media should ever related to issues in real life is complete nonsense.
Yes it is a stretch, when the article is about them writing NEW episodes, and one of the main actors talking about all things they're GOING to do. It's like seeing a road being repaved and "predicting" the road is going to be torn up and removed altogether. Then blaming the road destruction on "woke people" who complain about the quality of the roads in the city. You can say it all you want, it doesn't mean it makes any sense. Use your brain. Onto my block list you go.
Gotta love all the people ITT complaining about the show going "woke". Have you not actually watched it? This sounds like a smart move and it's from the actual creative team behind the show. Excited to see what they do with season 8.
Well, no, because Jake is repeatedly described at very competent at his job (when he puts his mind to it). That's literally the white main character of the show. Do you actually pay attention when watching it? Kevin is one of the most level headed and smartest characters. But I guess he's gay so that ... invalidates his whiteness? How convenient. Amy is neurotic and controlling, Rosa is violent and angry, Holt is petty and jealous. Lots of negative aspects to go along with the positive. But you're ignoring all of that and acting like they're super competent and never the butt of jokes which is blatantly false. How are you "directly answering my question" by asking another question? Why are you making it about sexuality and their age now, I thought it was all about race? But of course they could make the same characters as a different race, you know the "bumbling comic relief" character exists around the world right? Your original complaint makes zero sense and ignores the reality of the show to serve your bizarre victim complex. The idea that a show can do "too much" against racism because it has some positive portrayals of minorities already is just bizarre. Have fun on my block list.
&gt;I put this in unpopular opinions because i know i'm racist i just dont much care. I dont want a muslim neighbor and i can almost guarantee yoh muslim neighbours dont want me they just want my governments wellfare. Im not trying to dress it up. Additionally im not at all opposed to totallitarian governments sending imigrants back to their original country i'd vote for it tomorrow. The spelling and grammar really matches the opinion.
The amount of deflection and downplaying of cheating in this thread is quite something. I wonder if it would be the same if this was about a woman cheating on a man? Also why are people acting like it makes no sense to lose your job over something like this? If you're a public figure, doing something like this means you suddenly become an issue that the company that hires you has to deal with. You're less likely to get hired if you're going to be a PR nightmare because you did something shitty.
Or maybe it's just a neat art style for what looks like a spinoff game and helps it run better on the Switch?
No, they originally had it so you could tackle most of the story missions directly in any order but then they couldn't figure out how to properly balance it (people would stumble onto difficult missions and keep dying without going out to get better gear) and they slapped together the mechanic that ended up in the game where you have to do side content to unlock them.
It is so much to ask to get one subreddit without childish power-tripping mods? Jesus.
There's no point in caring about the believabilty of paintball and similar episodes, because the entire joke is that everyone on campus becomes obsessed almost instantly and follows the rules of the game no matter what.
No, because you're a racist piece of shit. Use your brain.
I like how you're trying (and failing) to mock the idea that racism is bad as being pretentious moral policing. Hopefully one day you spout these opinions publically and get what you deserve.
I never got the feeling SWERY was "trying to hard to make it quirky" and I don't really see anything in this video that indicates that.
Everyone's missing the most important thing in this video ... you can access the map directly now instead of going into the pause menu. And it looks like it zooms out more. This is big progress.
Similarly, I thought Helena from RE6 was a pretty good character. But the shame of debuting in that game means she's unlikely to ever reappear.
I personally would not. I got it on Switch and it just didn't click for me. I think it caters towards the type of player who likes to do speedruns/no damage runs, to the detriment of the gameplay if you just want to play through the story. The combat has a wierd gimmick where you "tag" enemies with a weak pistol then hold a button to shoot lightning at whoever's tagged. It just didn't feel very enjoyable to kill things, I wish it had more standard 2D shooter/platformer shooting instead. That being said ... if you like to do speedruns/no damage runs/go for high ranks, you'll probably enjoy it quite a bit.
Well, that's why it would be good to see a new installment - hopefully they would improve it and fix the issues the series had. The core idea is great, even now it feels unique among RPGs with its laid back mechanics and unmistakable British flavour. Without the Molyneux bullshit it could carve out its own spot in the genre again.
Lmao this was my first thought. Yeah it sucks what happened but the smart thing would be to drop it and move on. He seems obsessed with it.
That ... doesn't make any sense. It's a article reporting on a fact, it didn't cause them to be elected in the first place.
I doubt many of SWERY's games have been big commericial successes, he still keeps making them. He's been in the industry for decades.
The only "controversy" I can find is people deciding they don't like it because it looks different from the original. And I've heard nothing but praise for the show after it launched. Seems overblown.
Cool, they're free to their opinion. Not really seeing the PR disaster though.
Try Agents of SHIELD. They change it up every season really effectively, and starting with S4 they even break each season into mini-arcs that keep it fresh.
You're right they had it partially in S2 and S3, S4 is when they started getting names for each "pod" and pushing it more to the forefront.
Maybe not impressed, but Harmon was adamant on the DVD commentary that he wasn't making fun of the person who made the video (or any shippers) and made the sequence because he enjoyed their passion for the show.
While it is poking fun at the video and how it's edited, Harmon says he made the sequence because he loved fans interacting with the show that way and so early after it first aired.
Abandoning it is one thing but why not just make it F2P as a final update so more people can enjoy it? Maybe you'll see a surge in players that justifies spending more on development? Weird choice.
Jensen is one of my favourite JRPG characters ever. He feels like a wacky comic relief from a western game plopped into a fairly serious Final Fantasy setting and somehow it works (mostly because the other characters seem to just ignore how eccentric he is).
- Biggest tip I can give is to have a map open on your phone or computer while playing. The in-game map is notoriously bad so using one with all the spots labelled will be less painful. - You can press Start to skip small cutscenes like when you enter or exit a car or pick up an item. - Running into a door and opening gives a much faster animation than opening it while walking. - Some spots have respawning food items and a bed nearby. You can keep eating food and sleeping to progress time if you need to for an objective or side quest. - The game does have fast travel but it's hidden behind a somewhat obscure side quest. If you get tired of traveling I would suggest looking up how to do that quest. But there are also special dialogues sometimes when driving. - You can get several types of infinite ammo/durability weapons from side quests later on, makes the combat a little less annoying. - There's a glitch where if you save with a story item (ex. a key or object used for a specific chapter), quit to the menu and then chapter select somewhere else, you lose the item and can no longer progress. So if you're in a chapter with story items it's best to finish the whole thing before you stop playing just to be safe. - The PS3 version has framerate and audio issues. It's still playable but hopefully that stuff doesn't bother you too much.
