Can confirm. People are fucking idiots in gold.
I mean... Complaining about a bug they know about isn't going to help either. I just figured it was better than nothing.
Does she ask for favors or expect anyone to do anything for her? Is she being consistant at least?
If she wants a tattoo it's her prerogative... But I don't think you're wrong for it to be a deal breaker. I wouldn't be okay with it either. It doesn't sound like she can deal with conflict in a good way either. You probably should have been honest earlier.
I lived in Tokyo... The rail there is amazing. I didn't own a car for three years.
Why not decide what you want to do and then pick something to study that will get you there?
Something something ripits.
D counts for credit as long as its not a pre-req. You need a C to get to the next class if it is a pre-req.
Im business cyber security. But i'd recommend asking your advisor.
This. My rule is if it has microtransactions the game needs to be free. I pay for stuff in HoTS and thats it.
I had to show my 2016 taxes which were from my time on active duty. How did you get pell with military time on your income?
I applied for that and didn't get hired :[ On the other hand its only 7.25 and i just got hired at the campus gym for $10. More reason to not get fat as well.
VA workstudy program is minimum wage in whatever state you're in. Not 11$. Just fyi. https://www.va.gov/education/about-gi-bill-benefits/how-to-use-benefits/work-study/
party with alex with globe quest. boom. longer the game the better the stitches
I found the place im in now due to a fb group for my college.
That and you can get office for free as a student.
This feels like one of those ideas people have that haven't actually researched numbers on.
I mean.. If you cant look someone in the eyes why would someone want to hire you?
wat
Practice?
I believe in you!
San antonio is kind of huge. Unless you're willing to drive 30-40 minutes across town you should post your general location.
This feels like you're trying to justify it to yourself now. What country are y'all moving to?
I hated the challenges to upgrade your gear. That's why I quit.
Xbox :(
It sounds like you're the only one putting in any effort here.
My understanding of this is. You have a laptop and a desktop both of which you log into the same steam account with correct? You regularly play on desktop but want to bring your laptop to log into the server with? Why don't you just.... Try it right now on your laptop at home?
Walmart, Amazon, Target, Bestbuy. This game just came out. Even if you're trying to save by buying it used best youre gonna get is like 10$ off.
So your one reason for practicing is because you might as well? 1. Wouldn't an omniscient being be able to see through that? 2. What if you picked the wrong religion and still go to whatever version of hell exists.
Go talk to your VA counselor on campus. They all have them. Source: on gi bill.
Is this a serious question?
Is that all you're going to say about it?
How much are you paying?
You should try the utsa discord.
It's not their dream that matters. It's yours. You can always go back.
I live in a house right off campus for 500$ a month. I have 3 room mates but they're all awesome and living in a house is great vs a dorm.
Join the discord? Its literally the top sticky post in the sub. Theres links to roadrunner gaming in it.
Are you not getting 5-10 spam callers a day? Because I am.
UTSA discord is top sticky post. Theres links in there to roadrunner gaming.
I'm playing this right now. It's so fun.
As a functioning adult who has used no more than basic algebra... At best... I did finance and cyber security in the air force. Please give me examples when you used complex math.
Can you explain the actual math you're doing. It sounds like you're not actually doing the calculations. When you're doing animations what specifically are you doing. Are you doing changes with the gui or are you inputting calculations.
You don't have enough information to make recommendations. That's why your post is down voted. Contact an apartment locator.
What's the difference between the epic and normal ones?
We're in /r/army.
We don't mind selling posts in this sub. But its still at your own risk.
Context?
ah! Thats your "change"?
Tourist post.
Turn on porn really loud randomly.
www.google.com
You want a baby with someone you've known less than a year.............. Wtf is wrong with you.
Why?
Unless you have some huge aesthetic issues with how you look all you have to do to be above the pack in the USA is not be obese. And thats correctable with effort.
I wouldn't know without seeing what you look like. But odds are you just meet a lot less people than normal. What keeps you from going out much? Do you use tinder?
Well then the issue is you're not putting yourself out there. Not that you're broken. If you refuse to use the only other way to meet people then of course you wont meet anyone.
Congrats on the weight loss :)
Wat. Then it's not a job... It's a hobby.
This is assuming you aren't using standard deduction.
&gt;His friend then proceeded to ask for my number.. panicked and gave him a fake. Don't do this?
Absolutely this. If I was OP i'd be so fucking happy. On the other side of things Op should check out military one source for counseling.
It wouldn't be a new mode. It's the same q with different rules.
You're invited to join my group "Board game night" on GroupMe. https://groupme.com/join_group/46755241/06lu9b
You're invited to join my group "Board game night" on GroupMe. https://groupme.com/join_group/46755241/06lu9b
You're invited to join my group "Board game night" on GroupMe. https://groupme.com/join_group/46755241/06lu9b
You're invited to join my group "Board game night" on GroupMe. https://groupme.com/join_group/46755241/06lu9b
Of course!
Meetup thread.
You're welcome to repost this asking about nightlife for under 20 without asking for information about breaking the law.
No fake id or asking about getting into clubs that are for over 20 or that don't card. But a general "under 20" nightlife thread would be okay.
Its almost like attraction is subjective.
You're just not the kind of woman who has to win even when you're wrong.
Why not neither.....
Hes spending all his money every month. Thats what the above poster means.
I don't feel bad for you and your taxes and you shouldn't either.
1053 doesn't matter who you take. You're going to spend most of your time in a lab teaching yourself anyways. Have fun with the shit grading scheme.
If you're good at math already the course is fine. But being crammed into a lab with 300 other people trying to get the attention of a paid student to teach you something is a load of shit. I know people with full time jobs who couldnt get the amount of hours required in the lab who failed even with a 90+ average. The class takes the lowest average of all your scores and uses that as your grade. So if you do good on your tests but your group work average is a 75 then you end the course with a 75.
So? Its a lie to say every train station has wifi. Anyone going to japan should absolutely get a pocket wifi to take with them.
Thats every 1053 course right now. Doesn't matter which instructor.
&gt;In Japan literally every train station and large shop had free WiFi is different from &gt;MANY train stations have it
Nope. I just don't want people to go into a foreign country and get lost because they were unprepared. Especially if they don't spend their entire trip in Tokyo. Its 20-30$ for a months pocket wifi. Theres no reason not to have one especially with how useful google maps is. If I did want to sellout and promote stuff I'd have a lot more money than I do considering I run /r/tokyo.
Fort sam is where air force medical train... Which is like 70% female. But perm party aren't supposed to talk to airmen in training.
I don't see it on that sub?
Join the groupme.
Pics or it didn't happen.
&gt; Too wet that is total BS my goodness! Its absolutely not BS. The guy is probably lying to get what he wants but that doesn't mean it doesn't happen.
&gt; find an issue with "quid pro quo" when it comes to sex. Giving oral doesn't mean you should get oral. By the same token, getting oral doesn't mean you have to have to reciprocate. Sex isn't a transaction, it's an expression. You should only do things you want to do, and enjoy doing. Obviously, if someone is doing something solely for your pleasure, you should find a way to pleasure them too, but expecting someone to do something seems wrong to me. This is absolutely the way it should be.
You haven't looked too deep into this thread if you think that it isn't a thing.
How old were you when you decided these things though.
But how does that make sense in context
haha. Wonderful pic. Still don't believe.. But i like it.
Do you have proof that you gave them notice before they gave you notice?
USAF BMT is here.
I think its disingenuous to say that they only make 2.50 an hour. They make at least minimum wage paid by their employer if they don't get enough tips.
Sounds illegal to me. I've been a server before. I know how it works.
Op has been given advice. Theres nothing else to be gained by leaving the thread open. I will leave the post up so people hopefully learn something from the post though. Op I'm sorry this happened to you. Please consider going to the police.
Theres no way this is real. Nobody would just eat 8000 without doing more than he said.
What drone? I just got a mavic pro. I love it!
I wish I could have afforded the 2! I'm gonna take my 107 this week for some side college money.
YouTube videos mostly lol. I'm not worried to be honest. Evidently it's multiple choice with 3 choices.
Dependas gonna dependa
I floated probably 6 times last year and never once saw a tip.
I worked at the gym. Its possible to get moved over to a normal employee spot but not 100% certain. Also thats the only place on campus that does that that also does work study.
28 here. Keep your job and take online classes. They're easier and you keep your benefits.
wat
I have so many 1 yen coins from japan. This is the perfect event for me.
Also they have the cups with 99c refills.
My dad works for an airlines. I was stationed in Japan so whenever I flew back and forth to visit home i flew business class. It was insane.
Do it. The trip can be super cheap if you try! /r/JapanTravel
Sadly its not targeted at actual gamers but mobile players.
You might want to look at the ramifications of not registering.
Drone or aerial photographer?
Gotcha. Thanks!
Lived there a few years myself. Never saw it happen to anyone.. But I was myself groped several times at bars, and I'm a dude.
Maybe you should give some more information about "looking for room mates" We don't know if you have a place but are looking for people or are looking for a place with people already.
This is what I took from it too.
Near utsa or tamusa. They aren't close.
I'm in a house that rents rooms out separately. We have one open room.
They are absolutely using it as a barrier to entry.
You're gonna delete our comments? Please go ahead.
You better be boycotting a lot of companies. They're almost all super terrible.
Take a gap year. Maybe study some cleps?
Qm is an unofficial leadership role for logi. Pretty much they order all the logi around to keep order.
I will but only if you're hot. EDIT: The op is my girlfriend. Just before I get downvoted anymore.
Looks like people like tubing!
This guy.
I hate ops like this. They ask for advice and then don't respond to any comments.
Is this in san antonio?
The thing about last year was the FB was planning separately from the actual reddit. The guy planning it was being a cunt though and a bit of drama happened. The little woodrows part was fantastic though!
Great story.... But 6 months and engaged?
Tbh I didn't read either. Lol.
When we make chicken my gf and I cut it up and just split it as evenly as possible. If either of us are extra hungry we make more rice or something.
That sounds yum though.
Are you in the San Antonio divers group?
FB search san antonio scuba divers.
F to pay respects
Sarah is nice. Also I've never been to one of the marathons and I have yet to be ostracized. Where do you get thst they don't invite new people? Anything posted on the page is an open invite.
Yay tubing. :D
Check out the Facebook group on the side bar! Also look at the global meetup day post. My girlfriend organized the tubing part. If you're not into that then there's a bar meetup later.
We do board game meetups at my house with the reddit group. Some of us drink but some don't.
My gf and I love board games and host every once in a while. We'd love to have yall over. I'm recently separated vet.
We have a bunch! We bought a bunch but haven't had the chance to play them a ton.
There was a sign last year. But it's usually easy to find.
I'm 28. I took business alg last semester and hated it and barely passed. I took Bus Calc with esparza this semester and barely passed. If it wasn't for my math loving gf tutoring me constantly I would have failed hands down. If you hate math its hard. We had a very large amount of fails in my class. That being said... Study hard and you will pass.
Am I the only one who doesn't randomly move places without being hired somewhere first?
I thought UTSA was accredited?
That's how I found the game too.
I wouldn't be paying any interest. Subsidized loans don't accrue interest until after you graduate.
Can you explain why student loans wouldn't be beneficial to pay off when something like paying for a car would be?
So the bottom line is it will do nothing for my credit?
Is it significant?
Thank you! This is helpful. I think putting it in a CD would negate the cost of the fee though. I'm leaning towards not doing it though due to other advice.
Thank you for your responses.
I learned quickly that there's a lot of women in the world just after a free meal. I always made sure to point out I don't pay for others when I used tinder.
I didn't get an email :( can you screenshot it. Edit: Emailed my advisor and he said anyone can swap to the new track.
Budget?
Join the facebook group on the sidebar. We're super active and hang out multiple times per month!
Military here. I'd recommend reserves or guard over active duty if you want to actually finish school on time. You will get TA+GI bill depending on how much active time served + healthcare and a monthly paycheck.
I feel like the only people bitching are the ones who have never actually gone to a meetup. I've hosted meetups in multiple countries and have loved it every time. :)
I'd recommend you looking at the GRMD subreddit and looking at all the successful meetups.
Its my experience the weird ones don't go to the meetups. They just bitch on the internet. Agreed! I met so many cool people. Enjoy your meetup day!
&gt;BigOlDickSwangin You sound well adjusted.
Shh bb. Is okay.
I'm sure your local reddit group will be crushed.
When i was there my unit didn't do them even though we were on a mon-fri schedule.
My gf works for USAA. She hates doing NC policies because its a pita compared to other states.
Just sleep in your car?
Why not in your car at a walmart?
Why?
You sound like you've done very little research.
Strip miners?
I'm getting some /r/iamverysmart vibes here.
If you have even one day left of benefits on your GI bill you can take a whole semesters worth of classes. Make sure its completely exhausted.
Yuuuup. Math is useless for 99% of people beyond common sense math. Its cool if he wants to learn it but the way hes describing it is dumb.
Do you mind if we ask what your plans are other than college?
You can take out student loans yourself. How old are you and have you done your fafsa? How much money are you short?
I ask the questions because once you hit a certain age your parents income doesnt matter. You didn't answer if you could take your own loans out either. Why not just do that? Its only one semester.
Maybe elaborate how its useful?
Just saw this! Oops. But yes you can still get approved for loans even if you don't get approved for grants.
Just saw. Poor guy.
So first what i'd recommend is you doing your fafsa. Some schools require you to do it regardless of what you think you will get. The FAFSA will tell you if you can get any sort of gov loans. I was approved for loans and I made decent money on active duty. You can also go talk to your schools financial aid office and they could give decent suggestions. Next if you cant get any sort of loan make a business plan and present it to your parents. Tell them what you've done and offer to pay interest and such on a loan amount to them. They might appreciate you're being responsible and also the money stays in the family instead of to a bank. My thought is they are trying to teach you to be responsible and not to count on them for everything. You could show them multiple plans. For instance if you have to go to school part time to pick up a job you could show your earning potential is much higher by being in school and graduating on time than having to take two half semesters and working part time.
Good luck bud!
I'm just curious. He already has proper answers.
oOooOoOoo.
If it was on campus i'd watch.
questions thread.
Tubing doesnt have an age restriction.
Still not my point.
I played with you last night. We took three forts south of some town called Iron something. You gave me cheat codes.
Air Force paper pusher here. It's true.
I'd love a chat blizzard style where you can pretty much make any channel you want.
So... the top half of san antonio?
Is it open to students?
What else do they do on that place? Its within drone distance of me and i'd love to capture some activity lol.
2.17
Marbach has apartments. I lived there when i was at lackland.
&gt;I can’t tell if he’s just shy or not into me like that. It’s bothering me, and I don’t want to have to ask him. Its 2019. Women can actively participate in relationships. Do that.
What was the price on BF?
Also can be placed where walls can't be.
It's stickied at the top of the sub.
Yes
Or this year. Join the fb group we hang out alot.
We tried. They wouldn't respond to messages or posts.
The actual reddit doesn't have a consistent group. A few of us in the picture are from the FB group and hang out regularly.
You might recognize people from the FB group then. Check it out again sometime!
I didn't say anything about new apartments.
Post the website/menu? Also you said there would be a reddit discount. What's the secret code?
You asked a question. Why are you arguing with the people trying to answer you? They didn't decide this.
/r/iamverysmart up in here
40 minutes isn't far at all.
I know how much new LTs make and its plenty to afford college. Also if she marries you shes going to get less financial aid but you're going to get more BAH... so do the math.
You need more details or you're not going to get good advice.
Don't party during the week.
How many were you drinking per day.
^^^heh
Look at your mouse settings theres a toggle mouse click hold button. If you click and hold your mouse for a few seconds it holds click down.
Would you like to adopt me?
Can say I considered it. And still would consider it now I'm a civilian. That BAH and healthcare is cash.
Worked in finance so I saw all the marriages on base. Saw a girl go through three marriages back to back within a few years. Literally turned in a divorce certificate and then a new marriage certificate the same day once.
Yes! So I get the GI bill and my school is fully paid for. I still get the pell grant and I just get any further aid sent to my bank after all my balances are paid off.
Watch the video not the gif
Your anecdote is just as valid as his.
The video is linked in the thread but the biker pulls out in front of him just before the gif starts.
Jesus Christ this website is cancer on mobile.
Ask your advisor.
Ripperoni
A lot of companies do a veterans or military discount. Does visable offer that?
Yeah. I'm ready for a new phone and cricket has no sorts of deals for customers to upgrade...
What?
Do you have a highschool degree or GED?
This is something i'm looking at!
Doesn't this require disability?
https://www.cnet.com/news/galaxy-s10-vs-iphone-xs-pixel-3-all-specs-compared/ This has a pretty cool comparison.
Im 100% sure you misinterpreted something. No school would require 19 hours your first semester.
What kinds of jobs do you want?
What are bonus courses. I doubt you're the first person to go through your degree program. I'm still positive you're misunderstanding.
Did your advisor say you had to take all these courses the first semester? Have you spoken to your advisor?
Thats your problem. You signed up for classes before speaking to your advisor. $20 says he tells you they aren't all required. But good luck!
Oh. Rip. They crazy then.
Image link doesn't work.
Fuck.
Beautiful pic.
DOS2 PC Here on reddit for contact Varies. I'm new to this game and would love to play with some other people. If we could get a completely new group together to experience it all for the first time that would be awesome!
You parked in a no parking area and got towed.
Multiplayer?
28 here
Six flags does them.
Did you have anything for tinnitus before you got checked by the VA? I have pretty bad tinnitus and i never got checked out before i separated :/
Dang. I never did combat but I did have to work in loud areas occasionally and I get the ringing constantly. :[ I also got hurt during PT and I've been too scared to actually start VA stuff going.
Thank you.
I've never seen anyone not take cash.
Did you have this looked at prior to getting out? I have the same problem but never went to the Dr.
I think after so long of being attacked for not wanting children it starts to grate at you and you use the best outlet you have to vent. But tbh /r/childfree is mostly just rational people who don't want kids. I think what the op is talking about is an outlier not the norm.
I feel like it's far more common for parents to shit on childfree. I don't think either group should attack the other though.
I can hear it in my dreams.
Can you link me some of these posts? I browse regularly and I don't really see the kind of thing op is talking about.
Theres a room at the house I'm in. Its 520+utilities. Its 5 minutes from UTSA.
I'm looking for people to play.
Volverbot#6824
Lol. I bought 12
You just missed a good one.
&gt; A young girl is perfectly capable of taking care of her self. That's all I'm trying to say. Just because you were responsible doesn't mean most are.
How tall are you?
Yep. 4p is a different game.
How on earth is it radical to want your own bathroom? &gt;If I see a girl go into a guy's bathroom I don't care. If I see a guy go into a girl's bathroom I don't care. Thats like your opinion man.
I lived in Tokyo for 3 years if you have questions.
You became a sex worker because you couldn't find people to date that are also childfree?
Why not just study at home?
I'm like 99% sure the GI bill gets you in state tuition no matter where you go.
Have you tried 4th yet?
Everyone saying Ti4 once a year and here I am playing 2-3 times per month...
I haven't played 3rd... But I play with a lot of veterans of 3e. They say pretty much everything about it is better. This includes a shorter playtime from what I've been told. My 6p games run 6-8 hours depending on shenanigans.
Your school should have a VA approvers office. Give them a call! When I started school I sent an email and they helped me with everything I needed to get started.
Okay. So most restaurant menus you can just point at what you want if they don't speak English it's very easy. Hotels in the city will usually have English staff outside the city you shouldn't have too many issues. Usually they have papers with sentences in English and Japanese. There are atms in every 7/11 but I was there for a very long time and most places take card. Just have a bit of extra cash just in case.
I just have a good group of people. We all are childfree as well.
9 hours is likely enough if you put the time in before you get there to learn it. My games usually run 6-8 hours for a 6p game.
Just depends on how long people take. Most games you're gonna have to hurry people along. Also things like when someone wants to build units just let them build while the next person takes their turn. As you play you will learn how to speed things up. Don't go into the first game expecting to finish.
Its not that serious if you haven't told them you're childfree.
Was this the online cengage version?
I took that this semester. It was a lot of homework. I'm not accounting major either... But I have to take accounting 2 this semester.
Just know that cyber surety isn't cyber security. You're IA. But 3d jobs are good if you can get one.
I'm a cyber security major... Sadly its a BBA here. I honestly just did the homework completely. I kinda bombed the last two tests but did good on the final. I never went to class at all as the teacher didnt teach to the homework.
I literally only did the homeworks and the projects/quizzes that were assigned online. I didn't read the books. Your school makes Cyber sec a BBA too?
Don't tip. Its weird. You might think you're "being nice" but you're just being awkward and you're gonna make it awkward for everyone there.
Also lower player count is a different game practically.
Australia is welcome to step up to the world Police job.
Per what source?
Assault cannon destroys. The other player is only picking which ship is destroyed.
Did they get rid of the rule about obvious nta posts?
If you arent sure if you have room take out all the plastic pieces and tokens for each faction playing and see if you have room on the table. Imo you have like half as much room as you need. Where are agendas, action cards, and objectives going to go on your table? What about everyones technology?
D:
My gf has iphone 6s and gets this too.
My school doesn't even give us access to the class pages on blackboard til the day of class.
https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/iPvYb7ugEir8RZEZqvLg_0R07hJZyMSOh97augX5ufo/%3Fwidth%3D901%26height%3D676/https/media.discordapp.net/attachments/482361302866460694/650894349827309598/image0.jpg This is an example.
Ill pay 2!
I think sardak was in that game actually. Yosef was playing them.
She always plays red :[
Do you think someone with experience would lose out vs someone with an associates?
I know. I was surprised someone was saying an associated was worth anything.
There are lots of religious people, but theres also plenty of non. I'm an athiest and I've never had any issues.
Yes. They will. I certified late once and just paid cash and then my fafsa paid and I got all my money back.
My school doesn't release fucking anything until after the semester starts. Its bullshit and I hate it.
I want to plan everything before the semester :/
Only one mod on the whole sub is active. At this point /u/Heisenberg361 should just /r/redditrequest the sub and get new mods.
Real board games or like monopoly board games?
If you find one let me know. I've done a lot of unsuccessful searching. Lots of game stores do play nights though.
TI4 is my favorite game. I've played gloomhaven, pandemic and a few others. Looking for something else to scratch my TI4 itch though. Scifi/fantasy with conflict. I'd do a coop too though. I just bought dune but haven't played it yet.
All of these look amazing! Thank you!
Literally all of it. The diplomacy. The galaxy building. The combat. The progression. Etc.
Just looked at these and they all look like what i'd enjoy. Thank you :)
1. idk 2. Yes. 3. Can only place on the planet with the SD IIRC 4. Yes. 5. If it says the start of your turn it means the start of your turn. Not the start of the round. 6. yes. 7. Its one transaction per turn. Not per round.
I was 15, 13 years ago. I got a job at a local grocery store and then a year later at IHOP. My sister two years older than me got a job at a taco cabana at 16. USA in Texas.
Should probably just random it to be fair. Should probably faction draft if you're worried about the above scenario.
If nekro starts being a dick start helping the rookie. Nekro has a terrible start and jolnar has an amazing one. I don't think it will really be a problem unless people let nekro walk all over jolnar.
Jol-nar and Sol are both super OP. My play group doesn't allow anyone to play them unless they're brand new to the game. Barony is an excellent faction if you want to just demolish people in combat. Dread 2s and Non-euclidean shielding and you will win every fight.
Could you use the models on TTS?
Tabletop simulator. They use 3d models for the pieces.
https://imgur.com/a/DvtFzQx
Why work for them then?
What does hatchet run mean.
Bachelor's of business administration.
Do people just have random groups you can join? I've been on my own plan for 3 years.
So what you mean is you're trying to find someone who owns the game.
~~Q: Can the “Shields Holding” action card be used to cancel hits from abilities that occur before combat, such as Dimensional Splicer and Devotion? A: No. “Shields Holding” may only be used to cancel hits that are produced during combat.~~ Q: Can the “Shields Holding” action card be used to cancel hits from abilities that occur during combat, such as “Ambush,” “Dimensional Splicer,” and “Devotion?” A: Yes. “Shields Holding” may be used to cancel hits that are produced by these abilities. Wrong LRR was referenced https://images-cdn.fantasyflightgames.com/filer_public/f2/68/f2680fb2-1e32-4f2f-90ad-687fd64befde/ti4_living_rules_reference_v1_2.pdf
Q: Can the “Shields Holding” action card be used to cancel hits from abilities that occur during combat, such as “Ambush,” “Dimensional Splicer,” and “Devotion?” A: Yes. “Shields Holding” may be used to cancel hits that are produced by these abilities. Oh shit. I referenced LRR 1.1....... 1.2 says the above
https://images-cdn.fantasyflightgames.com/filer_public/f2/68/f2680fb2-1e32-4f2f-90ad-687fd64befde/ti4_living_rules_reference_v1_2.pdf Q: Can the “Shields Holding” action card be used to cancel hits from abilities that occur during combat, such as “Ambush,” “Dimensional Splicer,” and “Devotion?” A: Yes. “Shields Holding” may be used to cancel hits that are produced by these abilities.
I have the FFG one and love it!
Why? Maybe I just hate food waste more than the people here.
You don't. I've been looking for years :(
I don't live near there sadly. I was lucky enough to be stationed in Japan myself. Miss them tasty chuhais
I bought huel and it's so grainy. Soylent powder mixes perfectly. Huel just turns into a wet mess of clumps of powder no matter how long I shake it. I regret buying the starter pack.
I was at Yokota. Fuck curfew. Fuck the assholes who decided people can't live off base as well.
Lmfao. I've been back to japan twice and its so nice! Not worrying about going to jail because of a late train or just normal issues. I honestly have considered applying for a GS or something over there. The civilians have it so well!
I think the people who probably should be having kids are the ones choosing not to. My gf and I have our shit together. But neither of us ever wants kids.
I just never signed up for it.
Take less classes and work?
My school just got our cities bus pas for us for free :D
Cat tax or bust.
Blaming an entire gender because of your shitty experiences is a sad way to think.
Not your problem.
I live in a big city and its decently common when I was on tinder.
Call the billing office maybe?
Xxcha are absolutely bottom middle tier. And I say that with them being my favorite faction. Can they win still? Yes. I've seen most races win by now.
I have 300+ this semester in subscriptions.
So your problem is its forcing you to read the rules before interacting with a server? Whats wrong with this...
I live in a house and my rent is in the 500 range. Definitely possible.
Less than 5m from utsa.
Download tabletop simulator and join the TI4 discord. Theres games starting all the time.
We have 2 open rooms.
Here I am with about 25 games since August...
Half probably IRL half on TTS. Average is 6-8 hours.
I dont answer my phone anymore. I get 3-5 a day. Some days my phone doesn't stop ringing.
How do you make it binding?
If you're not revealing until the end then its not binding. Unless you're not paying them until they reveal? But then when its their turn to reveal they could just not accept payment and reveal a different vote.
Lol. Too much for me but definitely seems like a way to shake things up.
They're fun. And have some decent tools... But they're not that great. They're my favorite race for sure though.
To me it ruins the agenda phase. You also take a lot of power from the speaker. I like some homebrew... Just not this one lol.
I only see 2?
TYSON
Have you met our lord and savior Tabletop Simulator?
Nope. But its better than no TI. Theres just something about spending a whole day with your friends playing TI.
Source?
Its on steam. Just search Tabletop simulator.
They shut down a mod that they released their own online version for is all i've seen so far.
They haven't done anything for Twilight Imperium mods. I'm friends with raptor and he hasn't gotten anything about asking him to shut it down.
Definitely agree. I've probably played more on TTS than otherwise. Its worth it but its not 100% the same.
Physically the router is in another tenants room or I would have done this. I wanted to see what people thought before I bothered the other tenants.
Sounds like yall made a shitty unbalanced map and then you didn't play your faction correctly. I don't expect a player new to a faction to be perfect but also its kinda stupid to go making a post about how much you hate the faction after one play. Also barony doesn't get +2 to combat. They get 2 free fleet supply.
This is a new player thing. My group took about 10ish games before they felt comfortable starting to fight for objectives.
Youtube search "RTFM TI4" and watch it.
&gt; Be that person I can't and won't, but I'm glad there are others out there that will.
Just look at this sub for like 10 minutes and you will see plenty.
Online dating is super hard. Single moms everywhere too.
Read everything. It tells you exactly what to do.
The via is completely free for UTSA all over the city. Not just between campus.
I'm referring to the strat cards specifically. They tell you to spend a token or not. And specifically construction has a different rule for the token spent.
Just because people talk it out doesn't mean they have to vote it out that way. The earliest people to vote have the least power.
You all should rarely want the same thing. Its weird if you are all wanting the same thing every time. Also riders should be throwing things for a loop as well. Are yall voting in order correctly? Speaker should be last to vote.
But are you still voting in order? You didn't answer that question.
Change someones mind after someone ahead votes? I mean its not uncommon for the table to work ahead of the vote for people to try and win a vote. But like I said. The first votes are the least powerful.
I love diet soda now. Cherry Diet Dr Pepper is what I prefer.
&gt; Shit like childhood asthma, Incorrect. Childhood asthma is not a DQ. Source: Had childhood asthma.
:[ Applied for VA WS and never got called back.
Im in san antonio. We have hella VA stuff here.
I applied my first semester of class and interviewed on campus and then never got called back. It was weird. They introduced me to everyone and made it seem like I was already hired lol.
Did you apply on your campus or at an actual VA facility?
My experience is it's hard to fill rooms unless you have an excellent deal. Most people want to charge way more than it's worth. The house I was in had half the rooms empty for a year even with an okay price.
My personal rule is I stop interfering in the game once I know I can't win and it's close to ending. I still defend my own positions though. I will however do anything I can to fuck someone who did something to me. For instance one of my last games there was a vote for an agenda I needed to go a certain way or I was out of the game. I told them if they didn't vote my way I was giving the person the imperial rider because otherwise my game was over. I don't remember specifics I just remember I was on the fence on if it was kingmaking or not and decided it wasn't because I had a path by threatening it.
This isn't logic at all. Action cards to guarantee points are just as valid as any other way. You're pretty much invalidating yssarils whole existence. If someone did it to me for no reason other than to be a dick and they had no path to win I wouldn't play with them again.
I mean. If you're in a house and renting out two rooms and you're taking the master you probably shouldn't make enough to cover the entire mortgage since you're taking the best room and most of the space. I was paying 530 before utilities for the master. The other rooms were 500ish
Three other rooms shared a bathroom.
If your only reason to sabo someone to take their win away is just because, then you're a dick. If there was even the slightest reason to justify it like one player slighted you or something then I would understand. Making me lose one game isn't a big deal. It's the reason behind it.
Can anyone eli5 why the game isn't optimized to run on more cores?
What???? Dude you're literally throwing the other guy a bone by saboing the card.
Let me know if you find anything. I need a Twilight Imperium table!
Getting tech is one of the strengths of nekro people have to actively counter. By everyone abstaining you have to have a lot of trust that the speaker is going to break the tie the way you want. Also nekro can play riders to insure they get something. Also nekro can get politics to ensure they're speaker so they get the final say. Also in my games nekro often pays someone to throw a single vote to get a tech from them. Maybe you play so rarely that you haven't seen a powerful nekro player but i've played 3 games in the last two weeks all with nekro getting crazy powerful.
So are you against sabotaging a yssaril card. Do you kill sol infantry? Yes this is a pointless discussion since you clearly don't understand the game very well.
For my games usually its 2-3 people in contention for the win. Sometimes more.
You can fly a drone almost anywhere without a license. The main place you can't fly is within 5 miles of an airport. And even then you can apply to fly there relatively easily.
I got out recently-ish. I agree most of the Jr enlisted are liberal for sure.
Are you stupid? The vast majority of military members are in support roles. I was a military accountant who lived in Tokyo for years and now I'm in school getting paid to go.
&gt; I'm not gonna support a machine of murder man. It's that mentality that keeps that system alive. The most powerful word is no. People have to say no to corruption, murder, and greed. I guess thats fair. I took it as you were saying all military members were used as cannon fodder.
The military aspect of it wasn't amazing, but living in Japan was. I was very lucky to get to go there and I miss it so much every day.
The vast majority of SA you can fly in. https://www.dji.com/flysafe/geo-map take a look.
For the most part besides having a curfew yeah. I traveled all over Japan.
Yeah. I agree with you here that its silly that the navy didn't do anything to take care of their sailors at sea.
Are you in the SA discord? Pre Covid we played twice a month with my playgroup. Its my favorite game of all time now.
I never had to do anything I wasn't proud of while enlisted.
Theres a SA discord for for SA. There is a board game room inside it though! Its mostly me proselytizing TI though lol. Would you like a link?
Teamspeak + chat rooms. Similar to slack. Its awesome. I'd recommend it.
Well considering theres a pandemic maybe staying at home is a good idea.
This spreadsheet is not well organized.
I wish we had shit like that when I was in highschool :[
I took esparza and passed with a 70. But this is mostly because my GF has the biggest math boner and constantly tutored me. I would not have passed otherwise.
Theres a UTSA specific discord and a San Antonio discord if anyone wants the links to either.
I went to the one on culebra and at least 25-30% aren't wearing masks. Including old people and small children. Its fucking crazy.
Yeah. It was super shitty. Its stupid because cyber security requires no math in the real world.
Same. Jr and no fin aid either yet. I get 100% every semester too so I know I will be getting it.
Is it even preemptive after being coughed on?
You've already done more work than most who ask questions here.
UTSA: https://discord.gg/5dxjFp San Antonio: https://discord.gg/zb6H3E
Find a group of people you do like playing with. Add bads to your do not play list.
Have a guy in my games I have to explain production to every time we played.
Ti4 is on sale on amazon as well right now.
&gt;Hey there! I'm expanding my board game collection, and I really want to add a sci-fi/space/4x game to my collection. For the record, I've played Xia, and found that most of the time I wasn't enjoying that game. You're right. I just wanted to suggest another fun 4x esq game.
The video where its clearly spliced in the one spot where they cut the fabric?
Oof. I didn't see that. But to be fair Ti4 is a very different and much more streamlined game.
Yup. I won once with a 5 point round.
Yep. I play on 5x or 10x for a few hours and then I'm done.
Thats because they aren't a great idea. Generally anything that hurts someone else is good for you. So theres no reason to form a coalition against Yssaril. If i'm yssaril and I hurt someone else that isnt you that would be a net positive for everyone else at the table. But at the same time if i'm yssaril i'm not going to be selling that kind of info often because it will cause that person to be extra pissed off which isn't worth a few TGs. To me my rule is if I look at your hand and steal a card your hand stays private unless you tell people what I took.
Yssaril at best gets mageon r2 or r3 if no skip. That's at most 4 or 3 mageons. If your table is uniting against a yssaril that at best steals 4 cards during a game then idk what to say. How are people getting tgs out of it? Lol.
Example? The only thing I can think of off the top of my head is the trade x-1 meta. Which imo is a good meta.
Sardaks biggest weakness is lack of tech. Once they get going or if no tech objs pop they're awesome.
Shutup binks. Lol.
&gt;6 of Xxchaa's flagship. what?
Just curious but what gave you the idea that holding MR gives you a point every round?
I'll have to look at that. Thanks
My playgroup doesn't allow sol or jolnar either.
Yes! Thats how we play too.
Nope. Lol. My girlfriend has a basket her stuff goes in when she isn't here. Im in a bathroom with 2 sinks now but I hate clutter so fucking much.
This relies too much on other people. Nobody is gonna help winnu this much getting a free point.
Yeah but after a few plays you will recognize them.
I know this is late but I dont see anywhere if he will be helping to pay for the mortgage?
I have all my tokens and racial components separated into tiny baggies. When I was new I could just look at the cards in the bag to make sure I had the right faction. &gt;I think it's more that a single game is so long that you get used to them during the actual game. I had them down after 3-4 games. Obviously everyone learns at a different pace though.
I've probably played 30 out of my 50 ti games on tts. Playing on discord is fine for speaking heavy games.
I'd recommend looking at the rulebook because it specifically answers this question under capacity.
/u/excoriator maybe make a sticky for people to report positive cases? Right now the sub is just full of little threads like these. Might help to make a repository.
What does hipaa have to do with it?
It's 10$ right now and you can pretty much play any board game you can imagine for free.
Hi. Small subreddit mods aren't bad. :(
Lots of games.. But its almost never for just one match left. Op must be leaving games pretty often.
My parents regularly favored my siblings to to the point that I also tried to skip family events sometimes. Safe to say I'm not close to my family as an adult now.
Still seems dumb to me.
People want to go back. People don't want to spread corona.
You can't have both.
I think its funny when they post something a kid did thats clearly not a big deal but the article is written to make it sound like some groundbreaking achievement in science or something.
100% agree. Got rid of gallowboob and a few others and it really clears a lot out.
If you really want to play this bad then just buy TTS.
Because she's gaining value now and he isn't. Essentially she's making money while he is paying money. She gets equity while she is the only one who had any say in anything and if he says no then he is out of a room mate and someone to split rent with.
You're just assuming here.
They're in a relationship and op is now profiting off her bf.
Yup. We don't know a lot of things. I just know my gf and I would never go for what I know about ops transaction.
Idk what you mean by meta... But the dungeon finder assigns two dps a healer and a tank. You don't just put 4 random classes into a dungeon together. You can play solo however you want though. It sounds like you'd enjoy more of a solo rpg than a team based mmo.
There's a main quest line that's mostly solo but you will be required to do some group content to progress. You could try a game like divinity original sin or dragon age where you can tailor your character how you like without worrying about the Trinity.
Just got a galaxy s10 unlocked on sale at Amazon. Cricket is the worst about phones and prices.
Near the end of the third season. Like around ep 13ish?
I hope they just archive his account.
Ti4 is so good. I regret nothing.
Tfw people use your height as a joke.
Someone in the SA discord said they work at UTSA and its likely they are opening back up in the fall in person with covid precautions.
With a friend group who all knows eachother its nbd. But otherwise I agree for sure.
Yeah. Cases are going through the roof. Rip us.
Tfw on GI bill and cant afford not to go to school.
What a fucking cancer website. The moment I opened it two different video players started going.
This link is so much better!
I dont have it next to me but look at the command token sheet. It has a list of everything that counts as combat.
I tried doing a full replacement Soylent diet and got headaches. But partial replacement was awesome.
Whats compensation?
Lots of houses rent out rooms for much better prices than the shit student living.
I saw this probably 5-6 years ago maybe?
&gt; Why local players buy on Amazon is beyond me when they should be supporting their local stores. Money. When I bought Twilight Imperium it was 50$ cheaper on amazon than any local game store. I've bought local when I could but I just can't afford LGS prices usually compared to amazon.
Wearing masks is already very common in Japan even before covid.
Solved!
But op decided to go with the one downvoted answer that made him win. Clearly he deserves his win.
My so and I play dice throne together. Its not multi hour but you can play several games.
Why do you care what they think?
I lived in Tokyo for 3 years. Feel free to ask any questions :)
Team 7/11 here.
Any infantry on the entire tile can be used in space combat.
Link? I'm so excited for this book.
Whats wrong with putting ships in the grav rift?
I know lol. Im just confused on why someone else thinks theres a problem with it.
Where do they name the business in this post?
Correct.
I feel some of these in my soul.
Depends on a lot of things. I did finance and specifically did financial separations in the Air Force and there are plenty of reasons it could be held up. Just call and ask your servicing finance office. At least in the air force everything is manually computed and paid out. Idk about the other branches.
I forget to take mine off every time I go shopping.
Biloxi (rip) and then Yokota. Hated the job but loved Japan.
Lol wat
I'm just curious where the ideas come from.
