Probably only going to do one run. I have a Togg Druid, an Even Warlock, an Alex Combo Priest, an Odd Mage, and a Secret Hunter. Leaning towards the Hunter or Druid, but I figured I’d ask around before I went in.
I’ll be Tyrone
do not lewd the space rocks
Admittedly I haven’t been there since January, but isn’t there a military base literally in the city?
If we’re really dipping into the climate change metaphor, the WWs are just another force of nature. Nature continues with or without us. In this case: desolation.
Or Last Word in a month or two.
Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck
Same, but boots. They’re at 613 while everything else (except my primary) is 622+.
I know that stuff will kill me someday, but I can’t really think of a better way to go.
Figured I’d drop on the free summon, mostly out of habit. Got a +ATK/-HP Eir on my second pull, so I’m happy. Feels like I was due, after pulling blanks on the Halloween, Surtr, and Owain banners.
Seven of my last ten power drops were energy or power weapons. If I see one more Bad Omens I’m going to scream.
Oh shit, I’ve been trying to fix it on my end. Now I feel stupid.
I mean, if I had to bet on one deck being a staple next year, I’d pick Warrior. Looking at existing archetypes, literally the only one that doesn’t lose its best card is Odd Warrior.
There’s a secret merchant you can find on the Teevee markets, the Swift Philosopher, who you can buy it from as well.
I mean sure, but compare it to everyone else. Warlock and Druid are decimated. Rogue, Mage, Paladin, and Shaman all lose core cards in their best decks. Priest loses two of it’s three functioning archetypes, even though none are really any good. That leaves Warrior. I’m not saying they get off scot-free, but compare it to anything else and it looks pretty one-sided.
Nice work! What would the name of a card like that be?
Welp, there it is. I was wondering how long it would take.
What’s it like being *that* much of a piece of shit? Why does it make a difference if she’s American or not- she’s still a fucking person.
Well, that’s good. 500 of those things just seems like a tacksing amount of effort.
#**!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
I’ve been saying versions of this to far right trolls for something like three years now, and you just worded it better than I ever have. Thank you.
I’d at least wonder if they’re considering going the Valve route- transition battle.net into more of a store than a platform for Blizzard games. Stuff like Destiny 2 is at least a start. There’s Hearthstone, WoW, Overwatch, Diablo 4, and probably other things I’m forgetting about as well.
I’m beginning to think this Mahomes guy may be good at the sportsball
PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE YOU PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE
That was really fucking good
Just for the sake of argument, what was the best superhero movie this year?
If it makes you feel any better, rooting for you guys the last few weeks has been deeply uncomfortable
Try diet bleach. Makes your corpse have a little less fat.
We can’t be more than two or three years away at this point. Depends on how long the Pats hold on.
like bad guys I’ve had
se tonight
They’re like animals, so she mildly annoyed them like animals! She’s.... apathetic!
wHy Do FoOtBaLl MaN nO sTaNd Up?
Pulled +HP/-DEF. Thinking about a RES tank build. I don’t think she’s as good as Grima assuming optimal IVs, but she’s probably better assuming an average roll.
Atraxa Superfriends is generally considered the most powerful Planeswalker themed deck, of that means anything to you. You might have to go buy a [[Doubling Season]] if you don’t already have one.
Excellent move.
Do-do-do-do-do-da-dum. Thanks for playing! Maybe there’s another year before the window closes, but I think this is finally the end. It’s Gronk’s last year, Gordon won’t be back, Edelman isn’t who he used to be, Brady is looking increasingly iffy... It was fun while it lasted.
We aren’t winning shit without a functioning defense
Moichendising! Moichendising! Where the real money from the film gets made.
Thank you Calus, very cool!
B I G D I C K N I C K
Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives, all the same.
I mean we still suck. It’s the difference between losing to the Ravens round one vs. round two.
Tbh if we win the AFC again something went badly wrong
I totally agree, Wentz is one of the most talented QBs in the league. I’m saying... - Foles is 80% as good - Foles isn’t worth nearly as much on the open market (he’s cheaper, which allows for the Eagles to do more) - Wentz is worth a lot more in trade value vs. Foles Edit: and they’ve proven they win more with Foles than with Wentz
Um, didn’t he?
Yeah, you’re right. I fully expect some ass-backwards team like the Bears or Ravens to end up with it when this is all over, but it could just as well be LA or New England.
“Generally Aware” that they get their bye week back if the Texans lose
I know, right? Gonna feel a lot worse if they can’t pull it off here.
Destiny arrives, all the same.
Dread it.
Christmas season starts October 1, didn’t you know?
Thank you, Kanye. Very cool!
Flayed Ewok skin, next question.
Second year running!
Is very good go watch
Holy hell, merry Christmas! Thanks for your incredible generosity.
I’m not sure any of the Vraskas are high priority crafts, but if you want to play Green, craft [[Carnage Tyrant]] or [[Vivien Reed]].
You might see a version of Brawl, and 2HG is probably possible, but the card pool is probably the biggest issue with introducing true Commander. Maybe Brawl could come into Arena when they introduce whatever their Modern replacement is? Do a singleton format from Kaladesh on, figure out where to put a Commander (maybe the same way they do Jump Start cards?), etc.
Carn, probably, although I’ll admit I don’t actually play Green (R/UW Control). Carn absolutely destroys control players, in my experience.
Wow, thanks! I'm a huge lore nerd for the stuff I get into (Star Wars and Destiny especially) and this was a great introduction.
Top 10 predictions the world ignored
She’s a she, which obviously means it’s Queen Elizabeth herself. Everyone knows there’s no women on the internet.
It’s the only possible solution!
se tonight
1. I would say [[Mogis, God of Slaughter]]. Generally dislike RB, since it tends to be fairly mindless aggro, but Mogis actually does a decent job of being a controlling commander while sticking to the RB identity. 2. I guess it’s [[Damia, Sage of Stone]]? BUG is definitely my favorite combination, and I tend to want my commanders to do something that really makes the deck work. Stuff like Muldrotha being a graveyard focused value engine or Gitrog being a combo enabler in and of itself. Vorosh would fit here as well, now that I’m thinking about it.
it’s time to stop
F
Thank you, Kanye. Very cool!
Given unlimited Rare wildcards (my biggest bottleneck), I’d finish Jeskai Control. You seriously need near two dozen Rares just to get the mana base in order. At the rate I’m going I probably should wait and see if Esper will be any good with RNA. I’ll keep playing UW until then.
I guess I’ll be Samus
A. Set it in the present day or whatever the equivalent is. Gives you lots of room to play with design while still keeping the setup fairly simple (2 Japanese themed worlds is probably a bit much for newer players).
JtMS, LotV, and THoD? I’m trying to round out a top five... maybe CToD and KSoU? They really fall off after three.
Is the Earth flat?
Sounds like my idea of a fun weekend.
Got mine a few days ago (had it on Xbox for awhile, but switched over in Jan)... it’s so nice to have it back. Missed having a decent fusion rifle, especially since I’m convinced Erentil doesn’t actually exist.
Huh. I remember this scene differently.
Haha, u/beeepbeeepimajeep, your comment is awesome!
*hides L12 RG behind back, whistles innocently* No, but seriously. The problem is, there just aren’t that many good options for F2P players that aren’t gods at this game. Sure, I have a few L11 epics and I’ll probably get my first L11 legendary today, but I sure have a lot of L11 commons, and it’s a lot easier to build off those than it is to build off L10 epics.
I’d be happy to trade for an LJ. Should I join you?
This entire city must be purged.
Loaded Question and Polaris Lance are a lot of fun. Service Revolver (mine is Truesight/Extended/Outlaw/Rampage/Range MW) too, though I guess that’s a little more popular.
*are you really in charge here?*
my crush not yours
oh fuck keep it to yourself?
brie larson, and I cannot stress this enough, bad
Orpheus is about 40% worse, by my measuring. Ursa is worse, though it’s hard to tell by how much.
And it’s kinetic. That’s awesome, I’ve been looking for a decent primary shotgun forever and now I can grind for it.
They finally got it right... again. It’s been awhile since PoE, and this really recaptures the spirit of it while keeping some of the improvements D2’s made to this type of system. Can’t wait to kill myself farming for that shotgun. It can roll with FF and either TB/Rampage, and the stats look pretty good.
Never had any luck with the curated roll, and only rolled TB a handful of times (and never with anything good). Plus, just not a fan of the archetype.
I’d be a little selfishly annoyed, since I switched over in January and haven’t gone back (and just finished grinding my guys to 700), but it’s still a nice thing to see.
o h f u c k
show hog
I mean, Sharknado at 8/10? Calling it anything below a 10/10 is literally white genocide!
That’s kind of the point, though. What’s-his-name actually changes by the end of the movie, at least partially due to what Killmonger did and said.
Yaaaah, that’s hot. That’s hot.
Michael Robinson is wrong.
Holy shit.
Activision.
CORTANA GALE AND SKULLS
I’m sorry, Jon. I was so hungry (for oil)...
Yeah, but that doesn’t mean I can merge my accounts. At this point, switching over would mean going back to 600 power and only having one character through all three campaigns. I’ll stick with PC and just grind it out again.
Yeah, but I have the EP gear on my Xbox account and actual endgame progress on my PC account, since I switched over just after Christmas.
That’d be ideal, but that seems almost impossible.
Or just a failure in general.
The hottest new meme format of 2019?
Some creatures of the Hive stand against the will of Oryx. Alak-Hul, the Darkblade, is one such.
Okay, maybe I’m misremembering... but aren’t those the same strike?
Wait, does 3 HAFs work now? I had a bunch of armor pieces with it laying in my vault in the hole that they’d eventually patch it. Can’t wait to rock that 3 HAF + 21 Delirium loadout.
It’s one of the few things I think Fortnite actually did right. I think that would be the ideal, and I’m honestly surprised more games don’t have variations on it.
*charges Jotüün* moons haunted
Blast Furnace, probably. Or Breakneck, if what you need is a dedicated add-clearer.
Why would you say something like that
pretty tasty bait, though.
obligatory standard don’t put dogs on escalators comment
Can you elaborate? I don’t think I really understand.
That combo is some grade-A complete and utter bullshit. I love it! Truly worthy of r/badmtgcombos but at the same time not terrible?
I guess then we’d know which one JLK plays on his show, so there’s always that?
Just do Menagerie without anything in your Chalice.
You can actually just talk to Petra and she’ll give you all the Map Pieces at once.
You mean you AREN’T running 5 impact mods like a true Titan?
It’s a boss drop.
Hell yeah brother
A fusion or a shotgun, whichever you prefer. You can grind for Erentil now through Menagerie, so that’s always an option. I plan to start that grind once I unlock that third rune slot.
fanfiction.net is a cursed place if you go into the wrong corners, is all I’ll tell you.
being a Bruins fan isn’t ideal at the moment but this almost makes up for it thanks
Farmed 7 so far, only one with a roll I’d consider keeping. It’s nice to know that if I keep at it it’ll eventually come, though.
hell yeah brother
You have to tone it down, Bobby B, or people are going to figure out you’re sentient.
Heartbreaking: the worst person you know just made a great point
Energy was stupid and you were bad if you used it. Bigger numbers = better cards, all hail the Wailord I traded for with like 200 health.
Pair it with Hallowfire Heart, maybe? Might be a legitimate build.
This is a really inspiring argument and convinced me to see a side I might have otherwise ignored. In turn, I’d like to extend to you the same help you gave me through some advice I live by; show hog fashie
stop giving me purple runes I need to farm Erentil
You know, if you weren’t such an insufferable asshole, you might actually get the point some of the people here are trying to show you. Everyone wants their lives to be better. Some people see that as pushing everyone else down, while others see that as bringing everyone, everywhere, up. Think where you want to be. Though I know you’re just trolling.
Farmed my DARCI there. Burned most of my banners, but it was probably faster than anything else.
Yeah, took maybe 45 minutes total. Pretty slow, actually- I’ve done other weapons here and been in and out in 20 minutes. It’s just nice if you need that constant spread of power ammo.
Or, if we really want to mix things up, one that activates the super from the grave in exchange for a much shorter lifespan (~3 Swords?)
Hi, my commander is [[Cabal Coffers]]. Or wait, maybe it’s [[Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth]]. Or [[Dark Depths]], potentially. There’s some interesting ideas here. Kinda sick of the 5-color commanders, though.
En garde, libtard!
Pretty sure you’re talking about Avengers: Endgame (2019). It makes sense you wouldn’t remember it, it’s pretty underrated.
Or just do Capture the Flag, Halo-style. More objective-based modes are always nice.
I mean, Tolkien and Martin have to be one and two, right? But in terms of video games, it’s up there. Elder Scrolls has had a lot more time to develop, but Destiny certainly tells some interesting stories.
only this one
They’re really out here fixing their game So proud
You implied you meant all fantasy worlds, in my defense. Inside sci-fi, it’s certainly good. Where do you put people like Lovecraft? There’s vaguely a sci-fi theme there, and it’s certainly well-done (as long as you excuse the horrible racism).
Just in general. I personally main Titan, but it was more of a general question.
get booped, ya fashies.
*ahem* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I can’t see any posts, period. Nazis get booped, dipshit.
Hi, my name is What? My name is Who? My name is
This is such a haunting photo. Whatever you think about the Cat in the Hat’s record as overlord of the universe, it’s impossible to not feel sorry for him as a person.
Surprising absolutely no one: Zion Williams!
...good question. Sorry.
Shit, I don’t know how to beat this. We’re dealing with circlejerk levels previously thought unimaginable.
Probably? 10 man offense wouldn’t do especially well. Your best bet is to drop a WR and gash them up the middle, since your OL would be borderline unstoppable. If they can burn 36-38 minutes and score ~20, they’ve almost definitely won. 10 man defense feels like it would be better. You’d have a murderous D-Line, so a run game would be near impossible, and deep passes aren’t a great bet either for the same reason. I’d probably drop a safety? Not as sure here. You win or lose on the LB/CB-WR matchup.
Nah, mostly joking. It was an interesting game, though. Panthers are my local team, so I kind of went in neutral, but I came out rooting hard for NE. It was a great game, if memory serves. Just didn’t end quite right.
I’ve been thinking about this, actually. RDW likely will be a top-2 deck in the format, unless there’s some weird Kaladesh nonsense or something from the new set I’m not seeing. Esper likely still is No. 1. Teferi’s a bigger fish than Hazoret anyway, which certainly works for me. The new Leylines should go a long way towards holding RDW down, at least.
...yknow, I just realized the little map I’ve been doodling on things for awhile now looks pretty close to this. Little bit more going on in the whole Seattle type area, but... oof. Guess I need to be a little more creative.
I like mirror matches for the same reason I like Control v Control matchups. It’s much more of a chess match, where the winner wins because they are usually actually the better player.
Muldrotha is probably the best “secret commander” commander. My version uses a variation on that theme- it’s a landfall/Control style build that uses Tatyova and Gitrog (plus some other good commanders, like Meren, new Lazav, and BP/Vannifar) as a way to generate repeatable value and win. Your friend could definitely do a similar version with the Praetors. I’ve considered adding them myself, but they seem like poison on the political end of things.
F
Holy hell, if that was allowed in Yarok.
The price you pay for not petting your dogs.
ey, fuck you buddy
F
We can pay for it if you show your hog.
Never thought of that last one. Filing that away for later...
Thanks for hosting this!
Hell yeah brother, cheers from my room that I rarely leave
I need to start Mountaintop for real give LoS please
It’s always been like that. Since D1, pretty sure.
Your hunter is thiccer than my Titan. Good job.
I’d play this as a Commander. Looks nice, good job!
Colony is the only reason I’m making progress on that step at all. Averaging about 2% a game, which should go up once Mayhem rolls back around. Hopefully slowly finish before Shadowkeep.
Kinda hit right on the head w/ 4. Suppose it could be worse, but you gotta keep going.
Hey, you play them as partners too? They’re a fun pair. I have them as a budget-ish version and then another deck I take out for more sanctioned events. It’s a fun list. Hoping we’ll get a real Jund -1/-1 Commander in the next couple expansions.
But AOC, selling your feet pics is the only way to pay for student loan forgiveness!
Hahahaha *ahem* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Ice cream is praxis now, boys
I had a pillowfort-y version of that idea with Oloro for awhile. You can really only play it once a night before it gets boring, but it’s certainly good in the right hands.
Y’all are welcome to participate. Just be aware that the standard right-wing opinion is pretty fucking terrible (concentration camps! running away from a climate bill!) and people will use the upvote button as such.
It’s this sort of hard-hitting analysis that really makes r/nba worth visiting over the off-season.
I 100% guarantee the way you get most trainers is through a FEH-style summoning system. It works over there fairly well, though, to be fair, at least compared to some other mobile games I've tried.
Honestly, if they wanted to give all the other characters actual personalities and just leave Red like he was in HG/SS, I'd think that was great.
Was Hip-Fire in D1? Don’t remember it being there. I remember it reloaded after every kill- why not something like Rampage?
Is he allowed to say that? Like, legally?
I’ve done Austringer, Erentil, and Dust Rock. I still need to do Fixed Odds (0 so far) and Beloved (probably 40+). Those are probably what I’d recommend, but you might want armor too.
Cynthia and N, probably?
As soon as they run low on other characters, I’m sure they’ll do alternate versions. Blue with a Blastoise or Red with a Pikachu (a la HGSS) come to mind.
worth a try
quiet, you
“I died of cancer, so no one else should be allowed to have access to a cure for cancer so it’s fair.”
How about instead of making me remember that, you don’t. God, I hated that grind. Never got a good one, either.
It’s like.. the flying is fun, the abilities are decent... there’s a fun version of this game that exists. I just don’t think BioWare can pull it off. Division almost did it (tried Div 2, didn’t much care for it) but Destiny actually brought themselves back, twice.
Ah, c’mon. I would’ve voted for a Radical Socialist Democrat any day of the week, but I can’t even pick him for 6/7?
thanks for the flair
Sitting at 26% doubles and 41% trajectories. My goal was to finish it before Shadowkeep- figure I’ll do most of the work whenever Mayhem rolls around. If I can get to, say, 50% doubles before then through Comp I should be able to do it on one week, and I have a friend who can carry me to 2100 again. Just have to get off my ass and do it, yknow?
Nah, PC. Thanks for the offer, though.
History of the Universe, I Guess
Gotta go for the meme dream by dropping a bubble over the bank w/ full Invader gear and an TC or Acrius. It’s actually not a terrible strategy.
Because there really aren’t that many, compared to far-right (especially in the US. Compare Democrats to Left-Wing groups in Europe and its night and day).
upvote memes
u/waterguy12: Far From Home
I love Reach’s campaign. Feels personal in a way the others don’t, since the character is a lot more of a substitute for the player than just Master Chief^TM . Also, I’m a sucker for self-sacrifice and how characters react to that.
Or that dipshit with a Miltank that ruined half my Nuzlockes? And yeah, N feels like he’s coming. Zoroark, maybe?
Well, congrats (?). This is the sort of post people will be making jokes about for years on this godforsaken website.
🇨🇳T A N K I E🇨🇳 🇨🇳T E R R Y🇨🇳
No, but I can totally believe McDaniels wasn’t all that optimistic about Luck’s health in 2017. I mean... he was right, arguably. After Kraft sweetened the pot a bit I imagine it wasn’t hard to bring him back.
Did no receiver hit 10 TDS this year? If that’s true, that feels like an really severe outlier.
Nothing but respect for king Bois
the plot of that is an absolute ride
Ah, you got hit too? It’s weird, actually. I checked their blacklisted subs and they seemed invariably far-right neonazi shit, though I’m not about to dig through them all.
much better mental health care systems greatly reduce the number of potential shooters in the first place plus a very high tax on high-capacity magazines probably would do more good than bad (though I don’t have the information in front of me).
must suck to be a dirty liberal
mans out here like it’s fuckin lettuce
What’s the policy on eating communion wafers like potato chips? always wondered this
2GG to draw Urborg/Coffers seems like the floor for this in BGx decks, which is pretty good. Beyond that, it’s another good land tutor for decks that need it (and a board clear in desperate spots for utility).
Nicholas Cage participates in a gang initiation involving the murder of people named Ben
“Oh, it’s you. It’s been a long time. How have you been? I’ve been really busy being dead. You know, after you murdered me? Okay look, we’ve both said a lot of things that you’re going to regret. But I think we can put our differences behind us. For science. You monster.”
Hey, it’s my seventeenth birthday! You guys mind dealing with this one before I end up having to tell a recruitment officer to eat shit?
turning seventeen doesn’t seem as good an idea as it did yesterday but excited at the idea of telling a recruiter to eat shit
tbf they’re not exactly freaking out this was unprovoked aggression by the us
second-highest ranking member of the government, leader of the military, incredibly popular figure
From behind my hazmat suit all I could see was the same old shit from them they’re losing their touch
excuse you it took two days
same! Being a healthy-bodied military age male doesn’t seem as good of an idea as it did yesterday
A lot of people don’t know this, but they actually paid interns to step on each of those helmets for the custom-cut look. It’s considered one of the greatest atrocities of the twenty-first century.
Sony Michel is our fourth best running back
Fuck you, McDaniels
This feels... cheap.
No, I remember. I thought it was weird then and I think it’s weird now. Forty seconds should be the max.
booooo boooo booo boo
that’s not what that means and you know it, you goddamn liberal
Three seeds didn’t do so hot this year.
Three seeds aren’t doing so well this year. Whenever was the last time they both lost in WC Weekend?
you’ll be dead in days
Was Watchmen not intentionally kind of leftist? The primary antagonists were white supremacists and billionaires, the cops that are supposed to be heroic never manage to do much, it’s intentionally atheistic... and that’s just the show. Alan Moore himself is basically an anarchist, right? I mean, it’s not perfect, but it’s better than most stuff I’ve seen lately.
lesser of two evils until we deal with the worse one
100% here for Bolton getting a change in heart and turning into a wise old mentor
daughter go on chapo
That works even better, thanks
I like the Joker comparison because Dril is best as an anonymous force of chaos any reveal of who he is would be unsatisfying
advanced analytics
When you first saw Tehran, were you blinded by its majesty?
Hey, that’s mean. He has shitty runs, trick plays, AND asking Brady to run the passing game with three-quarters of a talented receiver and a mediocre o-line.
could argue it’s Ashoka or Obi-Wan, so I think you definitely win either way you swing
Hi! It’s great to talk to you guys again. I have the same question as I did the last seven QnAs. Can we get new content that isn’t horribly inefficient packs or bait to sell said horribly inefficient packs? Thanks.
Barron “Doctor Manhattan” Trump
Eric, uh, finds a way
he’s a furry, don’t worry about it
terrorist fish oppose America!!1!
We did it everyone, we broke [[Basalt Monolith]]!
I mean... it’s not inaccurate in terms of relative commander strength, but it’s meant to show how powerful the best possible version of each Commander can get. I personally have all my commanders in either the third or fourth groups, for what that’s worth, and my Meren can trade punches with just about anyone.
Fuck is this "villan" shit
Whoever made this is a lib
this last year or two has been powercreep out the ass and you can’t even reprint [[Wrath of God]]? You could actually name it Wrath of God, too!
The way I see it, EDH has seven top-end, win-the-game Green creatures that see/would see frequent play and should at least be heavily considered in any non-cEDH list. Craterhoof, Protean Hulk, Prime Time, Sylvan Primordial, Avenger of Zendikar, Vorinclex, and now Nyxbloom Ancient. There’s not room for all of them. You’re welcome to convince me that Nyxbloom Ancient is better than any of those, and with the possible exception of Avenger, you’d probably be wrong. Craterhoof, Protean, and Sylvan (RIP) could effectively end the game the turn they’re played. Prime Time (RIP) and Vorinclex are good the second they come down. Avenger is a mandatory top-end in Green if you’ve got land synergies. What is Nyxbloom Ancient fantastic at, exactly?
You could make it kill walkers if you wanted to modernize it a bit. Wouldn’t be any more broken than some of the new stuff we’ve gotten lately. Wrath of Heliod (1WWW) - Sorcery Destroy all creatures and planeswalkers. *There’s nothing Heliod hates more than a spear, especially Elspeth’s spear, the symbol of her rebellion.*
one of the greatest posts of all time
Aw man, did we lose Justin Jackson to the liberals?
she transcended electoralism and battled Mitch McConnell on the spiritual plane.
Hey, you ever wonder why we’re here?
115/115/75 from the Cantina, then 60 of the mitochondria. You should easily have enough of everything else.
KRU, Sith Trooper, F(x), Wat Tambor, then... Hux, probably? Officer might be better than Tambor, especially if you need him somewhere else.
Oko’s almost as good in EDH as he is everywhere else; if you’re running UG he’s probably in.
Well... she said through the nomination. Maybe once he’s the only candidate she’ll fall in line? ...Maybe in a better world.
NY’s actually a good place to have this small protest movement, since there’s enough poor people and enough people who despise Trump it won’t matter in the end
Time to teach them a lesson.
For my own benefit, it’s just the last four at this next one? I thought Yang was in fifth for awhile. Edit: nvm Steyer and Klob are still in somehow
Better than “never”. Maybe someone can convince them to turn Brawl on next.
Derrick Henry ripping this team a new asshole is immensely satisfying
THERE’S NOTHING THIS MAN CANNOT DO
join the club
RAW CHAOS!!!
Y’all heard let’s fucking go, right?
Tanehill is a better RB than Lamar, don’t @ me
Derrick Henry both sounds and runs like an American folk tale about some guy who mined his way through a mountain or something
No, he’s right.
With some great mods you’ve probably got it. It might be worth G12-ing Bastila and maybe Jolee, just to be safe. They’re good everywhere.
🚨🚨DEMOCRACY IS NON-NEGOTIABLE🚨🚨
Non GG/Geos Separatists (Gunray, Dooku, Wat, Jango, plus usually Nest) are a top seven or eight team, and he’s by far the most annoying member of it. I can see it. Might make it a Knight+1, but that’s nitpicking. He sees play in Traya as well.
Just Wren (R) Legendary Planeswalker - Wren Whenever Just Wren takes damage from a creature, sacrifice Just Wren. (-1): Just Wren deals one damage to any target. Loyalty: 3
“Everyone loses one life” effects will draw a lot less hate than “everyone else loses one life” effects. Don’t expect to come in first more than 20-25% of the time, but every playgroup is better with the clock of a Mogis-style deck on the table.
So, nothing like the original. I’d better fix that.
this sucks man
Not me. I take a lot of pleasure saying this
it’s a nice touch
Comrade Cardi, the train starts here
God, really? That was well before my time. ...how? That’s a horrifically broken card.
Oh yeah! That one was so bad, it was banned so fast I forgot about it!
I wonder what changed. I came in around Innistrad, and even my dumbass child brain could tell you that [[Griselbrand]] was pretty ridiculous.
omg Bern, no!
Pretty sure Buttigieg is rodent-american, excuse you
I do agree with you, but to play devil’s advocate: If Biden or Warren win, they’ll get absolutely destroyed in 2024 (and Warren can’t beat Trump to begin with, but w/e). Honestly, we could see Trump in 2024 again (or even a version of him that isn’t the dumbest motherfucker on the planet). Meaning, at best, you replace one justice with another younger one, which wouldn’t even shift the balance any, and we likely end up with someone even worse in 2024.
or Stacey Abrams, since I swear she’s been mentioned already. She’s pretty generic lib, but generic lib would be my second choice at the moment.
she’s an agent of pure chaos and there’s a certain honor in that
I just need a Sunbracers with 8 recovery. I don’t care about any of the other stats, really. Just give me that.
Is Steyer allowed to blink? Legally?
shut up shut up shut up
She needs Yang, apparently. She’s the only one, but, yknow
GO OFF KING
HE JUST GAVE YOU ONE, YOU DUMB MOTHERFUCKERS
Bernie’s about to eye-blast holes through Corn on the Klob’s empty fucking head
Oh good, she’s backing off. I almost convinced myself to tolerate her.
OMG STEYER BLINKED Progress!
SILENCE, REPORTER
“Practical or progressive”, my ass. Fuck off.
This is actually only the third time I’ve heard Buttigieg speak and I think I was better at one.
Buttigieg experiences the economy through the rising prices of cheese
Korn on the Klob can fuck right off
THEY’RE ASKING HIM ABOUT THE FUCKING INSURANCE AGENTS FUUUUUCK CNN
What’s with the Loss comic on Steyer’s hand?
Biden’s brain is leaking out his fucking ears
Biden’s at least open about the fact he’s a fucking moron
Tom Steyer vs. Joe Biden in a cage match, who wins?
first time I’ve ever liked him is when he talks less
Damn Korn on the Klob had me for all of two seconds that’s a new record for her
“I believe income inequality has gone too far”, he says, after he’s at the top
It’s Yang. That’s why he’s not at this debate.
“I understand Republicans, because I am one.”
Another half hour, I think
what would that change
Some things are more important than politics, says the woman skipping politics to do more politics
sounds pretty metal, Buttchug. I wish a fire tornado killed me right fucking now.
Buttigieg, as a rat, is terrified of tornados because it’s much easier to throw him than a normal person.
Is anything Steyer is saying true? He won’t win but I don’t totally despise him, maybe there’s room for him somewhere.
Tom Steyer vs. the living Koch brother, the winner gets a stay of execution
dems mad dems mad dems mad
STORYTIME WITH BIDEN!
Everyone who’ll doom the planet for profits can go guzzle gas like the corporations funding them.
break out Korn on the Klob’s scepter and crown ‘cause that’s KING SHIT
strangle Steyer with the bootstraps he climbed up with
shut up shut up shut up
Korn on the Klob looks like a wax statue of herself and is even more useless
“2/3 of my brothers are Republicans. I was too, but ignore that.”
Cornpop vs. Don Jr, who wins?
Biden can have a little a malarkey
If America is his team, Biden is Mr. Big Chest
Pete Buttigieg lives in the sewer and trains turtles
We’re pretty racist, buddy. Long and glorious history.
So this is how liberalism dies. With thunderous applause.
CNN’s praise, in order: Klob, Biden, Warren... that seems to be it. At least everyone’s ditched Rat Boy.
FUCK YOU CNN!
I know many people (many people!) saying this
“Why wouldn’t Sanders let her lie go?!?”
Maybe it’s a combo of the three? The uppercut is in the game already, and what’s one more exotic sword with a projectile? I mean, no one uses Black Talon, but I’d start if it could rainbow elements and had the Dark Drinker spin.
Getting Michael Jackson vibes tbh
Not many people to talk to except Vex, really. I doubt they’re good listeners.
how many levels of post-irony posting are you on right now my dude like, four or five you are like baby, watch this
Throw on a low-cut shirt and start playing Fortnite and he’ll have enough to buy the election the way Bloomberg’s trying to by the end of the week.
Boooo Booo Boo boo
Throw each Shock into it and sell it for 60. That’s three bucks a card, which is probably too low for what you’re getting, but that’d be the best product they’d sell since... C16?
It’s excellent in Taisgur and defining in Yarok, but it’s just another Simic ramp/cards commander, and not one of the better ones. If you’re running Simic w/ graveyard subtheme... just play Sultai. It’s probably the best three-color pairing regardless.
Did someone say Master Chief?
They’re just badly represented. We don’t need Robin, Chrom, Lucina, Roy, or Corrin. We should get Ephraim and Hector to represent lances and axes.
You think he won’t? That makes WAY too much sense. IDpol, brings in a bunch of Gen X libs who aren’t totally on board with Biden. ...actually, you’re right.
Yeah, I took the rest out but clearly everyone spends as much time letting Twitter individually murder their brain cells as I do
Is this what it feels like to be dogwhistled
I mean, the best Batman story by a mile is Dark Knight Returns, which is about as Randian as it gets without just being the fucking Fountainhead. Bats isn’t really meant to be a leftist character; especially after Dark Knight Returns. Sort of a problem with superheroes in general, though some deal with it better than others.
Should be fine, then. Just make sure they’re committed to the No Matter Who nonsense.
You’re not wrong, but I understand his thought process. He’s a rat-faced corporate puppet, but he’s not the dumbest man alive. Third or fourth, maybe.
What are the odds that he and Biden are the only ones to pass 15 there? Korn on the Klob, Mayor Ratface, and the Billionaire Twins seem to all be sucking up the same 45%.
I assume Mayor Ratface thinks he can win some of them over based on the fact he’s an actual Christian, but I doubt he realizes that most evangelicals are not the best at critical thinking. Honestly? Let him. I’d rather he go lose terribly by sinking himself based on them (and Biden’s fans, too) than anything else.
3Feri in a 3-piece suit, Karn SoU with a shirt and nothing else, and (pick your favorite Nissa and Chandra) in something matching. Maybe extended artwork meant to go together?
Like, it’s solid background noise (and tbh I can defend the Citadel episode as among the best pieces of TV animation ever) but the fans are just utter cancer.
No, with the one possible exception of them being a preview card to be immediately released (IE; it ships in January of a given year and the set releases no more than six weeks later, and during that time it’s not legal in anything except maybe Commander.)
it’s right beside my little bottle of Biden Brain Goo that leaks out of his ears whenever he speaks
lets get keanu to speak at the dnc, that would be totes amazeballs epic 100 beans
Goddamnit I can’t get away from studying for my calc final no matter how hard I try it’s even here? C’mon.
Most of these are still at least decent, to be fair
I can’t believe Antonio Brown had it right the whole time
Korn for the Klob!
Same reason why we want Bloomberg in for as long as possible
This gif has the strongest chaotic energy I think I’ve ever seen - the never-ending smile - the fucking sword - the egg he just drops in there for some reason - the smile again - the fact the second patty appears out of nowhere
...don’t all players model their merch?
[DATA EXPUNGED]
“In the end? Nothing ends, Bernard. Nothing ever ends.”
most teenagers aren’t that smart yet, it’s not their fault
Alternate headline that doesn’t suck: Smoothest Boy Glides into First
Quick question: what relics do you have? I’ve got R4 Fives and Echo, G12+5 Shaak, C3P0 and Rex and I still have to manually do it. Any tips?
Actually, my issue is P1. I can full-auto 2, 3, and 4, but I don’t have enough damage to beat Grevious (I get him to 20 or so before I get wiped). I’ve been double-teaming it; Revan does 1 and most of 2, Shaak does 3 and 4. Been cheating my guild, but they haven’t noticed yet. I’ll see if I can squeeze any more speed onto Rex.
Holy hell. That’s fifteen more than my best mod set across my entire roster (DRevan at 148) and I’ve been playing since close to launch.
after all?
He’s committing too hard to his own bit, I think.
I got real Parks and Rec vibes from it
He’s second in line for the Gundam
The Jaegar program from Pacific Rim, except it’s driven by AOC and Illhan Omar
If they’re looking for ideal candidates, they could do a lot worse, I guess.
Korn on the Klob
Mark Sanchez as himself in an attempt to make sure people forget about the Buttfumble It writes itself
Again? Didn’t we do this back in like, November? And like, every three months or so before that?
Probably the best side character on a series with some killer side characters
“Insolence! We are pirates! We don’t even know what that means.”
I AM ARES, GOD OF WAR! I AM NOURISHED BY CONFLICT and even I’m getting pretty fucking full, guys. Can you not overthrow a Middle Eastern government for like, five minutes? I’m still full from Iraq.
Is it worth wondering why the Patriots participated in 4/6 of these? I’d guess the fact they’ve played a third of the SBs since 2000 has something to do with it, but that’s still a notable increase.
Usable for the first time in six years. Welcome home, buddy.
Well, I’ll see you in a few weeks when everyone finishes complaining about this.
I know, it’s awful.
Probably not for at least a month. Nothing really stands out as in need of a nerf, and the meta is far from solved. There could be a buff patch with the seasonal event, maybe, although I don’t think that’s until, like, July.
Use the sword to swat the Almighty away like a baseball bat?
No, I think it was a post. Might have been on r/customhearthstone or here, don’t remember.
Yep. Tried to log in early to get bonus dust on rewards and got stiffed.
Has to be Mana Wyrm. Was a 2x in every Mage deck on the planet, got nerfed, haven’t seen it since. Level Up would probably be second, since it’s real strength was being in Odd Pally.
cool, let’s do it!
I worked for them for a summer. I don’t remember anything like that where I was, though that might have been because there was a lot of overlap as to what people actually did.
Look off into the distance, and you can see the “Save Me Daughter” body pile
Legends of Runeterra (2020)
Unironically, I think the show is a top-two piece of superhero content (alongside Spiderverse). It’s an absolutely brilliant show (and it’s topical with real-world events atm).
I think it would affect Zephrys more than DQA, which is really where that power spike you’re talking about comes from. I wouldn’t be opposed to removing DQA from discover pools, though. Really, what I’d want to see is “discover trees”, basically meaning you can’t discover anything like DQA -&gt; Explorer -&gt; DQA. Once you discover something, you have to use a different card that started in your deck to discover it again. Might be too complicated?
I think the issue is that any slow Mage deck that doesn’t run Reno, Zephrys, and Alex is much worse than one that does. They’re just too effective at what they’re doing, and Highlander is perfectly capable of cheating out big spells itself.
Worgen Infiltator or Pharaoh Cat in Gala Stealth?
Frozen Throne had Jades vs. Raza vs. Keleseeth. KnC had Jades vs. Raza vs. Keleseeth vs. Cube. That’s probably as close as you’ll get. Boomsday had Heal Zoo (such a weird deck), RoS had Hunter... trying to think of other metas where there really only was a single viable Aggro deck.
I think Datto made the best point I’ve seen when he said Menagerie totally ruined the seasonal Destiny experience It was so good that everything else that gets compared to it falls short
more of a control deck than the new bomb Warrior
Murazond. Replace the others with Vulpera Scoundrels or anything else you think might be useful. Holy Nova or SW: Pain, maybe.
If you’ve got Highlander Mage, I might invest further in that. Solarian, Malygos, Kalecos, and Amazing Reno all vastly improve the effectiveness of that deck. OG Alex and Siamat are both core as well.
Id do Kalecos before Siamat, personally.
Low sample size, but one copy of Togg’s Scheme seems to be incredibly useful in dealing with the Mage and Priest matchups. I cut an Adventurer since I’m not seeing many Druids, but it’s possible that’s a mistake. AAECAYO6AgiyApcGr5EDkpcDwa4Dqq8D47QDy8ADC7QB7QKIB4+XA/WnA7muA/6uA86vA5u2A7m4A8+5AwA=
wasn’t this season supposed to resolve the Dreaming City plotline anyway? Like, I remember that was one of the promises when they announced this set of three seasons.
“Defined by scars” and “loyal to a Queen” sounds more like Eris than anyone else we know about
I think Luna’s Pocket Galaxy should be a target for unnerfing at some point. It’s a viable control deck in a format with, like, three of them. Though I think the best policy is to unnerf every card that goes into Wild with more frequent changes if things stay broken. Like, would LPG Mage or Even Paladin be T1 if they got their best cards unnerfed? I doubt it.
Most likely the Andes Mountains in South America, if memory serves.
nope, you are nitpicking and biased, I win, bye bye
W could spend every day for the rest of his life promoting positive change for this country, and unless he can bring a million Iraqis back to life, he would STILL be a war criminal who deserves to spend the rest of his life in one of the prisons his administration built.
Did I fucking stutter
don’t mind me, changing my Steam name to Rasputin’s Hentai Database
1. Galakrond as fast as possible every game, whether or not it's invoked. If you can Murozond for a Galakrond, do it. 2. I mean... you can? I don't, but it's an idea. 3. ASAP, every time.
I think Priest was being overplayed, but as soon as they returned to normal levels, Warrior spiked back up. That Warrior spike lead to Priest rising to counter them, and so on and so forth. I bet you see that dance happen three or four more times before the expansion ends, especially if nothing else counters Warrior without throwing away the DH matchup.
Dune vibes. I dig it.
BY EARTH, BY AIR, RAIN AND FI-AH
Oh god you’re right The fact it sounds like a parody of I Need a Hero only makes it better
Adding +1/+1 to the default (2/3/3, 3/4/4, you get the point) would probably mean 1-4 see some level of play. Adding two points over the default probably forces you to think about it (would Aggro decks run a 3/5/3? Would midrange want a 5/5/7?)
he's been missing because he's actually Toland's new voice actor or because he's dead, whichever
Less than an hour now.
I don’t think this stacks with Oppresive Darkness, does it? It’s kinetic, not Void.
Wrath is probably the most fun raid, too. The Zamboni encounter would actually probably work w/o lagging on next-gen consoles and PC, too.
So, Solstice of Heroes starts either Aug 4 or Aug 11. Cool.
think it maxes out Handling too, for what it’s worth. Should be a worthy Mountaintop replacement post-sunsetting.
Or top-tree Voidwalker, 10 discipline, and Controverse Hold. Tried it today and you can basically have it on demand. Paired it w/ Spare Rations and Eriana’s for full champion coverage, too.
Stick two of these and any burn spell kills from twenty. Not sure if it’s practical, but it sure is something.
The voice actor for Hayden and Calus also voices Reinhardt, and Reaper and Saladin share a voice actor as well.
Maybe I’m misremembering, but it took most people all three weeks of the event to masterwork a single set of armor on one character. Though judging by this season right now, a bit of extra grind in August probably wouldn’t hurt anyone.
I got that exact roll. Haven’t MWed it yet, but it seemed decent in the bit that I tried it. It’s probably best paired with something like Martyr’s Retribution.
There’s some interesting spoilers in that book if you read far enough forward. I am a fan of the fact they seem to be incorporating their Content Vault into the story itself; it’s a nice touch.
She programmed it between writing Half-Blood Prince and Deathly Hallows. A true renaissance woman.
It’s a couple of pieces about the vendors on the planets that are getting vaulted this Fall. The only thing that we didn’t know already is in Sloane’s and Ana’s last entries.
Hey, I just realized that VoG gear won’t get sunset when it comes around. Rev up those Fatebringers, boys!
Think you’re just unlucky. I’ve gotten at least ten of the things.
I’ve been doing something similar to this, swapping Sin for Contraverse Hold and going for top-tree Voidwalker instead. With 10 discipline, I basically have my grenade every fifteen seconds, and it lasts seven or eight. You can effectively have the debuff up half the time on everything. I’m running Protective Light, too, so I don’t think Devour is all that necessary.
Destiny, but it’s been awhile since he played it. A lot of his complaints still kinda exist, though
Nice. Could definitely use the bonus XP as well, since I really want to start farming the dark-drinker.
That did happen in Magic, though. The fact that that happened and [[Trapped in the Tower]] was announced on 9/11 makes me think they might be cursed
- Quests were reintroduced, though they gave upgraded hero powers instead of powerful cards. - A class was nerfed three times in one expansion. - Patches the Pirate was briefly unnerfed last year and returned to Standard. It was a disaster. - A Wild deck running three different Dr. Boom cards is a consistent T1 performer. - A textless, neutral 1 mana 2/2 was printed. - Like Blizzard World in Overwatch, Hearthstone now has a couple hero skins from other Blizzard games. Three real, three fake.
I don’t think he’s dying anytime soon, given both the fact he’s a popular character and... recent events. Like, I would say he’s safer than any other named character at the moment, with the possible exception of Chandra.
“Statement on Spacegodzilla” is one of the best article titles I’ve ever read
PragerU. Probably could delete their channel if I played my cards right. Have to imagine that’s where I could do the most good.
Hey, same! Hand me the points and nobody gets hurt.
Take six or seven counters, then give it to someone w/ that Jeskai commmander, then proliferate a few times Not the dumbest thing that deck can do but still
there's room. Having that as two on-demand hero powers in that deck is more than worth a slot.
I finally got to play Pure Paladin, and the three games with it convinced me not to craft Pure Paladin. So there’s that.
It’s mostly Warriors. The new player experience is really solid, though: you get a pretty good DH list and your pick of a deck from any other class. The Mage one is legitimately capable of hitting the top ranks, too.
What could Shaman get in the next expansion to make it at least T2? I’m thinking similarly to how Boomsday completely revitalized Warrior, but I don’t know what pieces they need. They’ve got a win condition in the Quest and Galakrond, they’ve got solid removal and generation... what could they get that would make them a T2 control deck?
I wonder if the issue with Highlander Mage as an “underrated” deck is more a dust factor than anything else. It’s a fun deck, don’t get me wrong, but Bomb Control Warrior is, like, 6k dust fewer and has a superior matchup spread. Galakrond Priest is even cheaper than that, though it’s spread isn’t anywhere near as impressive. Mage might be the best traditional/reactive control deck in the format, but it’s just completely out of reach for people who can’t pay for it.
I wonder if that means they’ll be able to get Arrival mods. I doubt it, but it would be useful.
That’s a much better explanation. Decks disappearing from the meta after minor nerfs is a time-honored tradition. Now that I’m thinking about it, Jade Druid and Cubelock are the only decks I remember being arguably TS at the end of one standard year and staying that way in the first expansion of the new year.
I don't want to be right, don't get me wrong. I just don't remember the last game I played that was delayed more than twice that wasn't more or less considered a disappointment.
They read r/prequelmemes and thinks that makes them film critics
There’s even the perk in the second tree that gives you a chance for an exotic on unfocused engrams. They clearly didn’t mean for every Engram to be focused.
It’s worth noting that Raza Priest is my all-time favorite deck (back in Kobolds, it was what got me into Wild), so I’m obviously biased, but I think it’s the best balance patch this game has put out that I can remember (remember, it brought back Yogg, Spiteful Summoner, and a lot of other old performers from that old era). It’s a great nostalgia trip, it brought back a deck that can never be totally broken, and it makes an otherwise near-useless class a contender in Wild. The only thing I can add is that they should do this more often. Luna’s Pocket Galaxy comes to mind.
Praedyth on the Shores of Time from vanilla D1 has to be up there. Same with some of the early Exo lore (the people we see in the streets one) and the Books of Sorrow. Unveiling is probably my favorite of the D2 books, as much as I like the Drifter’s.
If you’re anything like me, I actually use almost a full set of universal ornaments to keep my armor consistent if I have to swap something. If you’re looking for new robes, try the Season Five ones with Vitrified Chronology. For some reason, it makes them kind of a more leathery brown.
I think Half Life Alyx was the first truly great VR game, from what I’ve seen. This could be a great way to expand it, though.
I like that I have my Reno Priest back. Battlegrounds is continually improving, and I hope the one new tribe per expansion can keep up for awhile (I’d love to see a Battlegrounds take on Elementals). Net positive, to be sure. I am worried that Demon Hunter will be the go-to deck... forever? It gets 30 cards over the next standard year, while every other class gets 20. Assuming Battlefiend and Twin Slice make it into their classic set, DH is going to be absolutely unstoppable in 2021, and that’s after a full year (probably) of dominating standard.
I played as both Datto’s Premium Snapchat and Rasputin’s Hentai Database for awhile.
There’s a version of this joke that’s funny but it’s not fuckin this one
It’s Gambit all the way down, brothah
Mage is the far-and-away best choice. Rogue was good for awhile, but it’s kind of fallen off lately, while Highlander Mage is a top-five deck. Either of those (or the Warrior one if you prefer aggressive strategies) are probably your best bet.
I want to see an expansion with a Boomsday Project-type affect on the meta, but for Shaman instead of Warrior. Give it the tools it needs to compete w/ everything else. Give the stronger classes (Druid, DH, Hunter, Warrior) different types of decks to build, and the weaker ones (Shaman, Paladin, and Warlock) powerful build-arounds that help them be more relevant. So... yes?
Annihilation via Guardian. Savathun dies in 2021, alongside, I would guess, at least Nokris, Quira, and every other named Hive except Xivu. At some point (2025? That’d be the ten-year anniversary of Taken King), we face off with the last remnants of the Hive lead by Xivu and maybe whatever Worm Gods are still living at that point. They are exterminated, probably leaving the Vex and/or Caitil’s Cabal as the only original enemy race we’re still fighting at that point. Destiny as a series probably is vastly different at that point, and I wouldn’t want to predict past that.
Grabbed mine. I’ll be using this emblem on all my characters forever, so it feels worth it even without knowing it’s going to a good cause.
That creativity is always my favorite thing about games set in real cities, especially in these postapocalyptic-type settings. Fenway Park being the main city in Fallout 4 really comes to mind as well.
I don’t own a PS4, and I probably won’t own a PS5.
Steal less famous posts next time
I love the kind of woman that can kick my ass
Reno Priest is fundamentally different than anything else in the game, at least in terms of a win condition. Mecha’thun Warlock is a true combo deck, which also don’t really exist in Standard at the moment. Pirate Warrior and Odd DH are aggro turned up to eleven. I’d pick one of those if you only want one.
Priest receives: [[Coldarra Drake]], [[Reno the Relicologist]], [[Breath of Dreams]], [[Elise the Enlightened]] Mage recieves: anything they want, except Raza or Anduin. I’d ask them to stay away from Psychic Scream and some of our better board clears, though. Druid recieves: [[Shadow Word: Ruin]], [[Natalie Seline]] or any other piece of removal that makes it happy. Although, again, I might say that Psychic Scream is off the table, given the lower value of this half of the trade.
Bloodlust or Savage Roar might be worth it, one-to-one. Maybe Upgrade plus something else from Warrior would be about equal as well.
The closest comparison is “What if the newer CODs were five times faster and you could make giant robots fall out of the sky?” Titanfall 2 is, IMO, the most fun game ever made (especially with the grappling hook, for when you want your FPS to be a Spider-Man game) For five bucks on Steam it’s an absolute must-buy.
Pheonix Protocol!!! I’ve been stuck using a (admittedly really good roll) Lunafaction Boots since they got nerfed. Never got a 2.0 PP. That’s the last real piece I needed for my GM Nightfall build, too. Should get Conqueror this season.
I’d be happy leaving NLB and Universal Remote in the past, personally. With double Special Scavenger, it’s totally possible to run two special weapons without much trouble anyway. If you want to try it, pair it with a class that can work without weapons (shoulder charge Titans, big knife Gunslinger, middle tree Voidwalker, etc.)
That’s a great one. I have 700 hours since Shadowkeep, most of that on my Warlock, and I still never got a decent Nezerac’s Sin.
Different kind of problem, though. One is “What if we made players not have to grind for a PvP shotgun for a year?”. The other is “What if we just said ‘fuck it’ and made Trials into Halo 2-style sniper/shotguns forever?”
Don’t get me wrong, I’d love to see SRL come back as an Iron Banner-style event, but the reoccurring issue for Bungie seems to be file size, and I would guess that SRL would be huge.
I think this season is technically a few extra weeks long, so I could see it being as late as week six or seven.
I got my first shot at 1060 drops this week. Opened six energy weapons and nothing else. Thanks, Garden!
We know we’ll get missions for all the leaving planets as part of the quest for [REDACTED] *(how do you do spoilers on mobile?)*. I imagine you’ll see pyramids in the skyboxes of all of them.
Wait, why is nuking Guardians not the standard response for the Cabal (and maybe the Vex, too)? If the Fallen have access to them, the others must as well. If nothing else, it would be more effective than just shooting us. I mean, “because videogames”, but still.
Sent!
Gala Rogue isn’t really T1 anymore. Mage is the most fun, probably the most viable, and the most upgradable. Plus, it gives you three legendaries.
