Sad
Oh boi you need to read some of the shit we write here Jordie Boy
"win now move" "Cant win" "Sorry my bad shit happens"
Pacioretty for Ryan Suter.
Shut Its already done bb
Based on the few times I met him, he can handle himself
I had drouin and pacioretty at 70 points. BETTER GO ON A RAMPAGE
If we are taking cap dumps, you gotta pay a lot.
He is pretty damn good.
Very good start for the habs.
Trade em all
What
You know what this is the first period, they have had good chances, its not done yet. 2018 positivity.
Ok.you got a 5 on 3 score now
Montreal vs ottawa comeback Montreal vs New york comeback Anyhing can happen
Well this one is funny
Dumbass shit
One of Canada's teams
Sean day
Weren't they bad even with Weber in the lineup ?
Cant risk people not showing to games if they shut him down for the season.
Which stay at home dmen can we sign for too long
Bozak in Montreal ? With the coke rumors on galchenyuk, get ready for more.
Ew no.
Exactly. Unless we planned on playing him 40 min daily to prevent every possible goal
*Dont mind me, just here for comments*
Nobody. "IR" aka cant let anyone get injured before trade deadline. Or send Deslauriers/Byron
In his will, he will dedicate his trophies to Bergevin
Could have for the past 39 games.
I read it as Galchenyuk will center the fourth line.
He is in charge of Syracuse
Ohngod no GALLAGHER
Fuck the police -NWA
Possibly. Or the media. The fun police.
Pacioretty and Simmons swap ?
Can still be sent down
Who is to blame exactly ?
This dude was rambling about how Bergevin inherited a bottom feeder and made it into a contender.
Articuno ? Yay
fam please
7 rounds. 1 pick per team/round But you can trade with other teams to acquire their picks.
31 now
See, thats what happens when you are so below 0.500 it would take an act of god for your team to get its shit together while other team completely derail
bergevin thinks drouin would be better at the wing. we done
I want to be good for a while, not hide issues.
Maybe one day
Am too tired to argue with people these days. So fire him, dont fire him, center, not center, whatever. Gimme good hockey and a cup.
I wish Lehkonen was a center.
Holy shit.
Like am not complaining about danault. Or Weber (although I wish we still had PK cause we wouldn't get stuck in our zone so much) Or Shaw, I like him sometimes. I just would like the habs to pick and identity and stick witht it.
I have questions about this win now thing
PSA dont get hammered with women while your long distance gf is at work. Things go south.
I would laugh my ass off when PK and Max hug again after scoring, putting the "PK and Max hated each other" bullshit to rest. Also no, anywhere but Nashville please.
With that pepe face
I dont expect to get him. Was just funny
You mean LDA CPA BRLT
What
We havent played them in the playoffs in like ever. Maybe in like 3-4 years
Panik involved
Gallagher was drafted in 2010
We crapped on Therrien but his teams always started hot
Any French rap fans ? I need more tracks
Both. Both have their charm imo
You rock
Sure if you say so. Tomorrow we ll have a thread about how much we suck and fuck the bruins/leafs/sens C'est con.
Oh you already know Seabrook is coming here.
I dont mind it. But not McDonald or tims
he got up !!!!! go philip Also props to the Bruins for showing respect.
Nobody wants to hurt anyone Its just shit
Habs are interested in a young, talented, french speaking center. I am so surprised.
54 more points !
He is our new puck moving dman. While Dahlin is our new center.
The French Canadian special
This is why we are just as close to Arizona than we are to Boston. We are that good
Free center
Sellers. Also what farm ? We need to add to it, not empty it.
Am in the "let it go". As in if you need to bring up that we suck/are unlucky/better than our record ALL.THE.TIME, you are looking for validation.
Not a surprise. Let him get better. Do not rush him. Please.
Am trying not to start an endless debate
Why not
Free "something"
Isnt Doughty kinda friends with Weber and Price ? *writes three articles about how it was the plan all along*
Expectation for off season : Tavares High end puck moving dman Reality: Seabrook Fourth Liners 7th dman playing outside of their strength
Am pissed cause I want him to succeed. But that hype needs to calm down.
He is writing him off as top 6 center. Like Tampa did. Not as a player
The funny part is that we got 6/8 points over our last 4 games. WE DID NOT FUCKING MOVE IN THE STANDING.
So we just do nothing, hope for the best and pray next year is better ?
And my problem is people like you, that take this literally at face value. What should we do , explain that this team is not a very good team ? The standing speaks for itself. What you call dismissive, I call plain logical. Teams want to draft higher. Team try to acquire higher draft picks. We have a chance of drafting top 10. We are currently in a position to do so. Why should we not do it ? Last time we did, we ended up with a great pick that got us Drouin. Is that bad ? Is that "toxic" ?
Tomorrow, Logan Shaw will be centered between the two.
For what ? Is he actually producing ?
This is very beautiful
Jacob Awakens
Surprise: Gallagher, Mete, Deslauriers Disappointment: DROUIN, Pacioretty
Exactly my point. If a player from quebec is thrilled to be hab, great. But its not exactly a science.
Like i said, if more Quebecois meant more performance, sure. But it does not. That's all.
Me too. I want it.
5 on 5 !
Exciting for Boston
"he didnt score. He sucks as a winger"
1 period*
THE HABS HAVE THE BEST CENTERS, I TELL YOU. THESE PEOPLE AT TSN SPREADING LIES, DONT LISTEN TO THEM ! WE CAN WIN AGAINST THEM
So soft
Go over threads from last year
We are not even trying and we are among the worst teams. Let's just hope they don't suck next year
Bergevin wont trade the guy he went to acquire. Aint happening
What makes you so sure ?
I was answering another question in the wrong post sorry. I dont think they are more fucked. I think they are fucked either way. We would have an extra hole to fill
Your nickname game is weak
A la arizona last year.
My music
Totally expecting Price to play every remaining game.
I like it, good article. Except I'd keep Byron
A decent 2c, a very good 3c. We just need more C
2 centers please
2 Gallagher, one at center
I literally just said he is decent at 2c, very good at 3c. Every analyst and their grandma knows that. We know that. Homerism is insane sometimes
what
For 27 min.
We are just starting
I do when am stoned and up by 1 pm
From the start ? You sure ?
30 goals of laziness
Look up how many game winning goal he has for this damn franchise. Am sure those were EN too or something. Or gifted by the goalie
Rebuilt stopped
Good goal
Not gonna complain this is a very entertaining game
Not bad enough to lose everything. They ll draft 6-14
Am curious, do you prefer getting swept or drafting high?
It wasn't a bad game, but damn the roster right now is baaaaaad
Oh yes yes yes
Yeah our mindset has nothing to do with that.
Well yeah, like i said before they can still win hockey games. Just not enough
Ok, where have I said I didn't want him to do well ? Saying he is a disappointment isn't taking away from his potential or his abilities. Seriously, again, its not black or white.
Streak breakers
Ah you mean just like when everyone was yelling that Pacioretty wasn't producing. Ok then. Btw drouin has like 3 points in his last 10 games.
Ok. How much people say he is a disappointment currently, with a big, massive, gigantic emphasis on the currently part, has zero effect on him, me, you, us or anyone. I feel like people are just trying to argue right now
Confess
Yeah i don't do comparaison with him and Drouin. Its not a good way of actually judging Drouin
Gimme anything where i go "holy crap"
I dont know what they fed MacKinnon but holy shit give it to Drouin
Isnt a playmaker either apparently
Cause he said Drouin is having a shit year ?
19 last year. Much more this year
Mete for Huberdeau is highway robbery.
Do we have a Marner Nylander Matthews ? We have the supporting cast, do we have the studs ?
Which is what you usually do with your first line center
Yeah am agreeing with you and disagreeing with Bergevin.
I dont know if we have anything Buffalo wants.
Or play MW2
Nah I looked it up when he fell to the third round
Done
Its not even loving his club. Its basically going and trying to sound smart, while giving shit to anyone who does not agree.
No. Results will speak for themselves
Oh cry me a river
Who the hell wants an expensive stay at home dman
Ohmygod dont fuck this up
Expected the habs to show up. Drouin with his best game as a Hab
DONT. TRADE. THEM Unless its in a package for a number one center.
Does it have anything to do with Duchene gone ?
Pacioretty high risk ? In what world ? Habs could retain his salary and you end up with 30 goals for 2.25 million. So risky, I tell you.
Remember 2015-16 when 67-27-11 was super good ? We thought 27 was THE center then. I think we are seeing the same thing. The closer we get to getting eliminated from the post-season, the less other teams care about our "top line".
We had a bus driver.
No sarcasm, you know much more about Junior Drouin than I could ever. I just wanted to know if while they were both with Halifax, they ever got time away from each other to carry a line
What do you think is seperating Drouin from Mackinnon ? In terms of NHL success, since Mackinnon was productive from the start at 18 years old in the NHL
That would have been so dumb.
Tavares has a mexican twin who is as good of a center as him.
The part about Bergevin can be applied to a lot of aspects about the fanbase. Its either this or that. No in between. No compromise. Its very very childish.
That 7th pick could be Pavel Datsyuk
As a role player, sure. I was just aiming for guys that can solidy our offense on the top6/defensive top 4.
I have no idea who that is and who his league contacts are.
You a sweetheart.
Lol. Where do I fucking sign
Lehkonen with a goal. Loss 3-1
Taking him in a heartbeat
Gotta equal the amount of years without a number one center
De La Rose fighting ? The Twilight zone
Well pause.
You could see it.
Its so easy to get to him, wonder how many high danger shots we give each game.
All star game started
Are you fucking kidding me
I still expect Price to save some of these goals.
Consistency is hard
Still need a depth center ?
Want plekanec ? He can PK and win faceoffs. No scoring
I wanna find the people that kept saying our defense would get better when Schlemko comes back.
Am not kidding. Retain 50% and send him
Slept with my BF. Now I realize I want her. But she just wanted D to have fun after breaking up with her ex. And she is pursuing other Ds. Its saddening to just talk to her
Went to Pittsburgh last year from Montreal, and took a flight with him. Very chill dude, his wife too. Everyone at the terminal in Montreal went to shake his hand, and he was cool with everyone.
Retooling implies something was broken and fixed no ? Right now its more like something was bleh and we made it worse because of xyz reasons
The comparison with the Avs are not good. You got a MacKinnon ? Kerfoot ? Rantanen ?
I love listening to Belanger ramble about how that team was gifted to its rookies
Nothing alcohol wouldn't fix
He has a point. You need good veterans. And not just in supporting roles.
Lets just hope we dont have the same approach as this year. We had too much hope and it backfired.
"hopefully Drouin will be be good." "Hopefully price will make up for the defense" "Hopefully Morrow/Alzner/Jerabek/Schlemko will have a good impact on the defense"
That's what I said down below.
Intéressant
Not even. He reported a fact. He didnt even mention the age in this tweet.
I wish. But unless we actually vote him in as captain, he'd never be an all-star.
My hero
Fits perfect with Plekanec then
Gotta wait till he is close to retirement
PR isnt my* problem I just want to enjoy games.
Have you seen what boas do ? Scary fucks i tell you
Gotta keep excellent vets.
Teeths You are right. They bite
I do agree that competence &gt; language. For a fanbase that wants french everywhere, MB is one of the GMs that addresses the medias the least.
bruh. Ok for the non french speaking folks: Habs need a president of hockey ops to supervise the gm, Bergevin or anyone else.
Get ready for top 4 dman Nathan Beaulieu/Tinordi
Playoff push
Ah I remember when Benn was a diamond in the rough and dallas was dumb to trade him
Heu which young guy ? Juuslen ? Have you seen him in laval ? Bourque ? Does he even play in Laval ?
Oh no not for my team. I mean if in the offseason that was the price for him, sure why not.
Like that would make a difference for us in the standings
I want our defense sent somewhere else. Like alaska.
GO CANUCKS
"I think they can make the playoffs" "I think they suck" Both are opinions.
The mental gymnastics is always something we did well here
Just like Chris Nilan said, "parle po francais" edit: wait no he said it about Ken Holland. Sorry folks, wrong podcast.
Good news for me.
Remember when Bergevin was at the lottery and he was like "I hope am never here again" HOW THE TURNTABLES
18-19th is outside playoffs tho
I remember the uproar at "drouin can get around 50 point"
We looked slow as shit last year
Sherback Mete (as in no, he is not playing with weber)
Cause kids would eat anything. Even sand.
I'd just spend my time yelling. Brb filming after the draft
Oh no
I don't get it
Remember when he posted those cringy ass videos about the cap space and how it will be used to land Duchene or RNH ? He is about as connected as us here.
Oh my, how do you go from trading 27 to a french debate
We took him to dinner ?
*tinfoil hats on*
Little dilemma 60 point center or 70 point winger ?
Sorry Trevor, I heard Justin Abdelkader is available /s
PNL, Lacrim and Damso for french stuff
Games. Recreational drugs. Steroids.
Nope
My god Brady is ugly
Why do you act like an idiot ?
Damn it blaze, now imagine Marc Denis and Pierre Houde saying his name
Thats a shit defensive squad on the left.
Am getting a little tired of the narrative that the habs are saved cause they have lots of picks.
You are a pro now. You can argue, look stupid then pretend others are ignorant.
This is why the team is mediocre at best. Cause some idiots prefer looking at old ass banners instead of improving.
You'd be surprised as to how much this shit matters to some people. I dont get it.
Mediocre teams love those fans. Whatever you selling, he is buying.
I mean, they respected what he did for them but they were glad he was gone. Having both him and Orpik sounds like hell. Now we have him and Schlemko. Less painful I'd say.
Think or Weber last year. Must have sucked ass.
Thats like the slogan of the habs. Specially with Vegas.
Nobody.
CAN IT BE THE DRAFT ALREADY
Which would be the smartest thing they had ever done
You can call a dog a cat, its still a dog. They sucked, they traded what needed to be traded and drafted talented players.
Oh if you want him, what you got for us ?
I like it, what else ? Sweeten the deal and we retain 50%.
If they want him, shouldn't i try to get the max ? No pun intended here
Apples and oranges.
Whoever said this deserve to be fired
Who said anything about tanking
I would keep both tbh. And trade Benn at the deadline.
When you write about Girardi being better than Karlsson, you should probably keep your opinions to yourself.
I remember when Eric Belanger got so mad at the signing. Looks like his prediction is holding up so far.
19-14= 5 Math holds up.
How is that classic ? When did he ever do that ?
For the love of god can you chill.
Role players ? Really ?
That's 6 million alright.
Someone desperate?
We are not that desperate
All the attitude tho
Theodore instead of McCarron Kreider instead of Leblanc
Thank you for this gif
I'd take both
Do they need wingers ?
A Karlsson or Duchene ?
Schlemko and Benn are both worse dman. Getting rid of one would be better.
We had one today.
Your legacy can be great , but how many actual top 6 players and top 4 dman have we drafted in the past decade ? I say actual, not potential maybes.
Jesus the genius bar is low
I have a lot of respect for him. As you may have notice, most analysts who tend to be critical of the habs are not popular here (Ferraro and McGuire to name those two).
At best they would have contended for a wild card spot. The achievement !
Man, i wish we had space for Carr. But how do we fit him ? Is he better than the wingers in the lineup currently?
Now we don't know that yet
Where is this coming from ?
Halak ?
He is paid a little more than Shaw for more offense. I'll take it.
Last 2 drafts were pretty damn fun to watch
Replace him by Tyler Bozak and you got the mid 2000s leafs
Comment tu marques contre ton camp à la 95 eme putain de minute ????
You sure you didn't hallucinate ?
Damn it you look like Dave Franco
Oh yay
9 GOALS
IF ITS ONE FOR ONE I WANNA MAIL MB A BAG OF FECES
This is an actual downgrade. Like not even trying to hate, I like Domi. But wtf
I dont understand it.
Domi isnt worse by that much. At best its a wash. At worse, he ends up being their center and we all jump into a volcano.
Right now, am kinda sure they will be picking mr brady.
So I am sorry, but i dont give a rat's ass about how great of a teammate he is. If he is that "great" why did they let him go ?
Not pessimistic. Just a little lost here. What does this trade accomplish ?
So he didnt play center ?
How is he when he plays center ?
Same. That'd be robbery
10 goals 35 assists At center
yeah we are building the right team for the old nhl
I am hoping he can play center
I said ish. I would not do this trade willingly
Here is a steak. Gimme a burger
Funny way of spelling Bozak
So it is a wash.
I'd ban you just for scaring me like this
I wanna know if you guys have a generator for narratives like this
Something I never understood about the habs is this obsession with perfect defensive game, all while having the "best goalie in the world". If you pay your goalie 10.5 million, isn't he supposed to save your ass when defensive mistakes happen ? Or do they prefer building a slow shutdown defense and winning games 2-1 and 1-0 ?
It wasn't a cap space trade. It was a "problem" for "problem".
I said that. He had 6 points in 26 games. Now unless he progressed immensely this summer, he should be in the AHL, until he is ready.
Ok, considering everyone is healthy, we got: Pacioretty Gallagher Domi Lehkonen Hudon Byron Shaw Deslauriers Who does he bump ?
Sure but is he currently better than any of them ?
As long as we are not bringing someone similar to Ott or King again, am fine ish
Hi Mitch Why or why not should Nikita Scherback be in the lineup next season ?
The world cup is killing my spirit
Oh yes "Its only preseason " is back.
Inb4 "Anything can happen look at vegas" Cause everyone having a career year is definitely a plan.
If we repeat something enough times, it becomes legit
I REFUSE TO BELIEVE THAT
He actually says he wont be.
nah i just want to be able to trade for cap space.
If our right side can be Weber at 50 points, Petry at 30 and juulsen at 15, am a very happy man. Now the left side. By god please.
35 please.
No.
He used to be very critical, specially in 2015-16. Then he lost his CTV gig, and basically became a cheerleader.
I dont know. Adding Tavares is not like adding a bandaid. It would be the best center we have had in more than 20 years.
This is a good morning
Right just like Drouin
Even if we sign him and suck, its still Tavares. It would be the biggest and best habs move in more than a decade.
Back to sucking 😂 Almost like having a plan is important.
His position is right d. he does not play LD, unless its PP. Thats it.
Clearly we have as many prospects as Winnipeg. We just can't see them
Wasnt their goal to draft for a while ? That wasnt ours, was it ? We were supposed to be competitive right ? Like I didn't dream or anything ?
I been on that rebuild train since December 2016. I don't know about the rest.
We would be hard to play against but still cant score. No thanks
The worst thing about this is the nicknames
4d backgammon chess
EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED
He says he made a mistake. https://twitter.com/HabsLaughs/status/1009576693672050689 I got him blocked, so its not directly from him.
One player ping pong
Been there done that
You know what ? If pacioretty can be traded for a first, then maybe the third overall could be used for ROR ? 60 point 2 way center, for a desperate team in need of center depth ? I dont know, I would not want to be the one making the decision.
He retracted the tweet.
RW
Oh i knew this would cause a shit storm. You should post the one with Tie Domi
So we can stop being delusional ?
Expectation: a center reality: Schlemko for a pick
Dude come on.
Every year I say that. Every year am disappointed. Now am adopting the opposite.
They are not. But he has value so they listen.
All this rumbling and nothing
Jack Hugues 2019 i see
Drafts starts at 7 Start watching at 7
Thats one shit trade. Weber is better than all of Edmonton's dmen put together. He is worth more than that
At this point, tomorrow
And when I say it will be boring, people get mad.
Toronto- saint louis
I just dont want management blinded by luck. That's how you end up like the wild or the 2013-2017 devils
When i say stud, i mean top 2 potential.
If he becomes a top 2, nobody is allowed to complain about drafting
Sometimes I think people just want to shit on players who are not habs anymore.
Gearing up to draft 10 prospects next year again
Careful mcagg will appear out of nowhere if you preach patience
I really dont man. Whenever i get excited about picks, they dont pan out. Now am like I'll judge later, lets talk about the product on the ice
I want the habs on him, provided he is not overpriced. His last 2 seasons would still make him the habs best center.
Right and he is overpaid by how much ? How else can you get a center ?
5x5 is ok. 5x7 is hell nah
Sure. They can be the GSW of the NHL
Its nice and all but it solves not of our issues. Just gets us in more of a limbo situation where we dont suck enough to get better, but aren't good enough to succeed. Lose lose.
"price and weber attract big fish free agents"
Fair enough. Its still funny. Sad too. But I focus on funny
Good. We finally put to rest that nonsense about us attracting big fish free agents. And please dont sign stasny for 7.5 million...
The ones that are "worth it" wont come here. Just trade Pacioretty and suck for a year or 2.
The ideal world would have been last year when they brought him :(
ABORT ABORT
I feel like this rumors are just here to drive prices up, and maybe shit on the habs a little. But the people defending him on twitter are just sad
No.
Also water is wet and the sky is blue
Well yeah it was ugly, but its still a shock. Like I dont see how anyone was hoping to compete with that ...
Ok who is lying
You don't think they want some of our amazing prospects ?
Like 1-2 million AAV ?
I consider trading everyone if it makes a better hockey team for the next 5+ years.
Am.not losing any picks
he is ahl bound, if he has impact at the NHL level next year I'll send timmins flowers. Ok one flower.
He is a winger right ?
"no excuses" "Leadership" "Attitude" You are right, its just funny and not at all another buzzword.
Just realized Drouin isnt very tall.
CTRL + F "Attitude"
I am currently installing the 128 gb. TBH it will contain 2 things. Windows 10 with like 3 programs, and elementary os. The rest will be on my slow as shit 1tb sshd 5400 (yes that low) rpm.
Mason for one
Stop scaring me Buffalo.
Give me a break with bandaids, let us build something worth it.
And then accomplished what exactly ? Made fans happy ? Oh boy gimme some of that
Yes but how much do you deadlift ?
Bon chance
I'd replace the first one with "ain't got no goals in life". She could be a student.
I dont want people to see my darkest or best moments. Can anyone relate ?
I mean he might be right, but damn dude chill
I need like a 95 in a class to pass with a 60. Shit ain't happening
I mean who cares.
I am sure he will try
Shaw. And to an extent, Domi, although I think Claude made him understand how important he was so he can't be a gigantic knuckle head on the ice
I'd love to, just dont understand why Philly would do this
Wait McDavid for Byron was fake ? Unbelievable
Honestly, for cheap ? I wouldn't mind
Backup goalie with 2 mores wins and they are a playoff team.
Wowww
This nonsense needs to die. But personal responsibilities are too hard to accept. This isn't to say some people dont have absurdly high or low caloric needs. But the principals are still the same.
Man I would love Kadri.
The good thing is that I can filter who I interact with, just like in life
Unbelievavabababale
That would be hilarious
Yes
We played good, without Weber. He wasn't the reason we didnt make the playoffs this year. So you see why calling this " a win" just sounds petty. At least win a round or two before celebrating a pseudo win ...
Call in 3-5 years
Do you remember 2014 in the ECF ? That team felt different. Do you remember 2018 finishing 4th last ? That team also felt different.
I very much agree. I feel safer with Weber in my zone. I feel more excited with Subban in the o zone. I don't care who plays for the habs, as long as the habs win. And for now, they haven't yet.
Nashville fans, give me a scouting report after 3 years. How did you enjoy PK ? Anything to change about him ?
I got a 20 on him, so he better
Its always a plus if he tries to learn french, as a PR move obviously. Doesn't make him a better player by any mean. I just want him playing with the habs.
One year ? Sure. More ? No.
Do doctors or sports physiotherapist examine players before GMs make offers ?
I really hate pretending that I know more than anyone payed to manage a team, or scout. But Simmons last year looked broken. He was a non factor for Nashville even. Why would people sign him for 4-5 years ? Another Lucic catastrophe ? Old pedigree, and hope that time doesn't catch up ?
I would be ok with one year, maybe 2. But 4-5 ? Waw
I want him deadlifting 600 lbs. That should equal 60 goals season (dont question my math please)
Would be the biggest FA since what ? Kovalev ?
Dafuq does this even mean ?
Oh no. We lost "leadership"
That's the same source.
Wait what
What the fuck is this ...
That's the whole point of the show.
Its ok price will go 0.956 % and 1.5 GAA for 35 games
But the playoffs !
Amazing? What
Never say no to that
Maybe he puts up points and we ship him off ? Maybe he helps us ? Who knows it's fun
HOW DARE THEY But seriously, really curious to see him in action. Haven't watched him since the KHL
Not gonna lie its always fun to see political leaders give their input about these things. Shows how deep the passion for the habs run.
Dude Suzuki is a rookie on pace for 40-50. Thats good.
2x2 or 2x3
what are you talking about
Festival of excuses coming right up
During the offseason. Right now just accept the fate
With the injured folks we are a bubble team. Not sure that’s any good but I guess people can be content with turning into the Wild of the east.
Thats not exactly an explanation. We kept hearing about the depth of the habs. Look at a team like Columbus that lost a goalie, a top line winger, a very good center, and a decent winger to free agency, plus lots and lots of injuries, and they are 2 points of a wild card position. Look at the coyotes last year with all their injuries, and managed to finish very very close to the playoffs. What do those teams have that we dont ?
I have one word Pathetic.
Yesterday I called us the Wild of the east. I am gonna stick with it.
I have the answer. Hard working. That seems to be something that comes back often during press conferences. We work hard, we try hard, we hustle blabla.
What’s embarrassing isn’t what you said. Its your belief that your “opinions” have more value than others.
Honestly ? Thats on him to decide
I love you for asking in both french and english.
Peeing.
Okay
That's if other teams lose.
Always trying to one up their kids.
I am hoping that Suzuki and Fleury keep having quality ice time even when players are back from injuries. I dont care about mistakes. They are learning. Poehling ? Back down, still needs seasoning. KK ? I dont know honestly.
This is some cringy stuff but hey if it makes people happy.
I am not enjoying what the players are saying. Because they are really trying. But just aren’t good enough.
Always loved this
Next year?
I dont want to trade Petry or Tatar because we dont have internal replacements.
Je ne m'attends pas à ce que le Canadiens de Montréal décide de jeter la serviette. Je m'attends à ce qu'il prenne les bonnes décisions, à savoir prioriser le développement au lieu des victoires. C'est dure. Ça fait mal de perdre. Mais tant qu'on développe et qu'on entoure nos jeunes correctement avec du leadership et une culture de battant, ça devrait aller. Je ne parle pas de vente de feux ou d'émuler les Oilers ou les Sabres. Jamais au grand jamais on ne devrait donner les clés de l'organisation à des jeunes qui n'ont encore rien prouvé. C'est aussi pour celà que j'ai du mal à voir le Canadiens échanger un Petry ou un Tatar. Ce sont de bons, voir très bons joueurs de hockey qui peuvent faire partie de la solution ET qui seraient difficilement remplaçable à l'interne.
The difference is that right now they can leave these shitty relationships.
Dont you dare I don't agree with Lemay but he is not some lunatic fanboy
He always does.
The plan is to have people argue about the plan while they try and make the playoffs.
I really think it was Creating buzz, talkshows and other bullshit over "the plan".
Maybe they believe they are the best foundation we could have ?
Nothing Anything would be an overpayment. I'd take a top 10 pick, trade one of Petry or Tatar if the offers are worth it, call it a day.
I have heard this scenario before
"much better than they actually are" Gee, this sounds familiar
The reason I am asking is they lost, arguably, their biggest and best pieces. They were projected to not be very good. And I know injuries and blablabla, but they had a fair bit of injuries too. Why is it they can a PPG winger, a 2 times vezina winner goalie, a good center, a decent middle 6 winger, have injuries and yet beat us by 10 points??
Montreal vs the Lottery
My point. It was overly sarcastic. Plus that run was in 2015. Imagine the sens in the mcdavid lottery.
Dont worry we have our fantastic depth.
So it's scouting, risk and luck.
Shades of 2016 “Price should be back any day now. Any day. Next week Next month for sure. We know he is alive”
Not worried about a 19 year old slumping on a lottery team.
Food.
Tatar and Petry. Yes we suck. Yes rebuild. No we cant just hope every young players will turn into a gem. We are not sure we can replace either of them internally.
Applies to both camps
I am tired of hearing “we got close but came up short”.
Trade deadline please
This. This is why fans cant be gms. These weird ass takes about players who haven’t played a minute of NHL hockey yet.
Sucking
The all mighty habs, aiming for the middle.
If the team wants to be average, stop shoving the past down our throat every season. Just start a new era. The "anything can happen" era.
So after TDL
Good luck to our captain.
Good, my ps plus just ran out.
Get back to powerlifting. I took an 8 month break to do some bodybuilding, plus 3 months of covid. I miss it. Gonna hop back on linear progression and singles work. I cannot wait
