He just started his new tour (for Evening Machines ) and he played Red Rocks and then Boulder, CO. He ended both nights with this song, acoustic, around a single mic. Absolutely wonderful. My roommates were ready to kill me as I was humming it.
My YouTube defaults to either [that song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USom8PhOXgs) and Mandolin Orange's cover of [Boots of Spanish Leather](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOHkyZ62jjQ). If I leave anything playing, it plays those (then [If It's The Beaches](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wP--MPBW_kQ)).
"Amsterdam" hits me really hard. I was traveling a ton for work (16 weeks way from home) and heard the outro: &gt; Churches and trains &gt; They all look the same to me now &gt; They shoot you some place &gt; While we ache to come home somehow There's no resolution. The song ends like that. And then [Mandolin Orange covered it...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OcdcxiGsgs)
[Pros race what they're paid to race](https://roadcyclinguk.com/gear/gear-news/racing-technology/uci-worldtour-team-bikes-whos-riding-2018.html). Lightweight is a very bespoke, hand-made company that doesn't sponsor protour anymore. When given the choice, [pros occasionally race Lightweights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAFhqxzmNa0). Whether they're truly 'better' than other wheels is up to interpretation.
The bike is a Parlee (look at the fork and tube shapes), the wheels are Lightweights (look at the logo / general shape). The shifters are Dura Ace 7970s. The seatpost is a K Force carbon. Can't tell on the crank or handlebars. [much larger version of the photo](https://dgtzuqphqg23d.cloudfront.net/NJwTadUFdnmWQ0Ucga9KT0BOh5jcM5mv5bXtBBb9JRM-1536x2048.jpg).
Oh man, have you ever dived into the rabbit hole that is performance Pinewood Derby racing? The key is to not have the fourth wheel touch the ground, because it has a certain mass that needs to be accelerated / spun up.
First time Google Express users only?
&gt; They lost 40% of their shop staff in about 3 months. "These damn milennials, wouldn't know hard work or loyalty if it smacked them in the face!"
I have 598s and they emphasize bass a little bit too much. I actually perfer that but some people don't. I'm running them without a preamp or DAC- just straight off my analog 2.5mm.
Remember when Fox refused to address Obama by anything than his full name? Barack HUSSEIN Obama. My mother truly, honestly, thought Obama was the Antichrist. "His middle name is Hussein, honey. What more proof do you need?"
You're confusing property tax and income tax. Property tax is paid based on the locality where your property is (eg, NY City collects on NY penthouses). Income tax is paid based on your state of residency. In my state, it's whether you domicile (live) in the state, register to vote there, presence of spouse/children, etc. The rich find other ways to bow out of taxes - if you buy an investment property, don't it get re-appraised (until an economic downturn) and then you usually won't owe as much property taxes but you can still leverage it for loans, etc.
&gt; Lots of people beat the market every day. And they have a hobby of jumping out of high-rise windows while wearing really nice suits when they get it wrong...
The only horrifying thing about that fact is that I know how much my school's Chancellor makes. (For reference, Chancellor makes roughly $450,000 - more than the president of the United States- and the football coach makes $3.25M base).
Nah, it's all about where you post. A well thought out, engaging, answer on /r/personalfinance will get 5 updoots. A lucky comment on /r/legaladvice will get 100 upvotes. An allegory or anecdote on an early and popular /r/askreddit or /TIL or /politics is worth hundreds, if not thousands, of updoots. There was an /r/dataisbeautiful post about how the highest-scoring comments in major threads aren't good, they're just early.
Assuming you're in the US and don't have a contract, you can be fired for any reason that's not protected (sex, race, country of origin, religion, etc). Firing you for not doing sales is very likely a legal reason. You will almost certainly be eligible for unemployment, so apply (and go to mediation if it's contested by the company).
"Return to sender - not at this address." Keep an eye on your credit - the only need necessary to report a collections account is a name &amp; an address.
The loyal and dedicated LocationBot rewards us with cat facts if someone puts their location. It's customary to upvote these cat facts. It keeps LocationBot on positive karma (supposedly, reddit sorting algorithms treat accounts with negative karma poorly).
Assuming you're in the US, you can be disciplined or fired for any reason that isn't protected (sex, race, religion, class, etc). You can definitely be fired for being gross.
Time for a lawyer. Most state bars do referrals. You can go to the labor board and file a wage complaint, but they may or may not be helpful with the commissions. Time is definitely a factor here - the sooner you sue them, the sooner and more likely you are to get paid.
Yes, you have a legal obligation to pay. They made a mistake. That doesn't mean you don't owe them the price that you both agreed to for work that they performed. Flip it the other way: say they overcharged you by $230 and you didn't catch it. Would you expect them to make you whole?
A 21-year-old acquaintance had an accident with a hatchet over Thanksgiving break. He was cutting wood, his foot slipped, and he hit himself in the ankle with an 8" hatchet. Only soft tissue, but a nasty 8" gash and 80+ stitches, inside and out. I stopped by a few days later and asked him how he was doin. "Uh, ok, but man my foot hurts!" Take a look at it - weeping, inflamed, red streaks, green pus. Horribly, terribly infected. It took almost thirty minutes to convince him to go to the emergency room. Apparently, "YOU WILL LOSE YOUR FOOT AND POSSIBLY DIE IF YOU DON'T GO IN THE NEXT 8 HOURS" wasn't good enough. He still only agreed to go *after* his class.
"I" statements. "I feel". "I'm scared." "I'm worried." Honestly and slowly. Your feelings are valid, and so are theirs. Say what you're feeling. And hope she doesn't sell her house and move out of the country three weeks later. :(
&gt; By sheer luck they were both at a party a couple days later and after eyeing each other, they started talking and realized they had a lot in common And they are married to this day. Totally stuck it to her!
I take a tiny bit of solace in knowing that even hardened criminals *hate* people who hurt children.
We did this with my mom, at my uncle's funeral. The service was at 10:30. We told her 9:30. She rolled in at 10:15, just in time. She has yet to forgive me for not letting her miss her baby brother's funeral. It's been ten years.
Plus... what sort of grown-ass man wants to wear pants in his own house? Savagery.
Close: a girl I was dating in high school got a BMW 3-series, new off the lot, for her 16th birthday. She totaled it in the first snow storm (in her defense, it was actually a doozie of a storm and she was driving to work). Her dad took her to buy an Audi S4 because they're full-time AWD.
&gt; I have to get out of bed in the arctic wind and turn off the fan LIKE SOME SORT OF PEASANT.
I recently bought a 43" 4K monitor to use for work in my home office (I stare at data all data and, generally, have no self control). I need to push it a bit further back, but ... I need the desk to be about 6" deeper. Ugh. Now I need to buy a new desk...
My coworker tried to justify working from home by saying "my commute isn't long enough for my car to warm up by the time I get here."
I mean... He didn't lift a finger to stop it. (/s)
When a lease expires and neither party wishes to terminate tenancy (ie, have you move out), GENERALLY your tenancy becomes into month-to-month. This means that the terms of the lease are still in effect, but you just keep paying monthly. There can be stipulations about what happens after the lease, in the lease. Your lease requires 30 days' notice - that means that before either party can terminate the lease, they need to give the other party 30 days. So if you want to move out, you need to tell them 30 days beforehand, and vice versa. When ownership of rental property changes hands, your tenancy changes along with it - the new property management company becomes your new landlord. You should receive your security deposit back from the new company. You said: &gt; As they sent me a letter stating that they have sold to another company, could that be considered a 30 day termination on their part? As mentioned, no, this is not a termination, unless it explicitly states a termination date. The new company can send you a 30-day termination notice going forward. Since your lease ends on the 9th, and neither side has given notice (and it sounds like you've paid another month already?), you keep living there till Jan 9th. If you want to leave that that point, give them written notice (in the next three days). Also worth saying: if you've paid for the place, and are currently living there, they can't kick you out. You rent this place. You have a legal right to it. Just to clarify: are you paying one month in advance (eg, you pay on Nov 9th for Nov 9th through Dec 9th?) or two months in advance (you pay Nov 9th for December through January)? The first is pretty standard, the second is uncommon and definitely not in your favor.
Where are you located? Assuming US, and some states (eg California) have additional protections: * You can file a wage complaint with your state's Dept of Labor (or similar). * You can sue your company in small claims court. * You can continue to try to get ahold of someone who knows what's going on. Practically, wage complaints / small claims court move slowly (several weeks to months, generally). If you're desperate, the HR / manager route is what you want. Also, if the company didn't pay their people and management is 'conveniently unavailable', there's a pretty decent chance your company is circling the drain. I recommend filing for unemployment while searching for a new job.
[File a wage complaint with the Colorado Dept of Labor](https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/cdle/complaint-forms). You can read up on [Colorado Final Paycheck laws here](https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/cdle/final-pay). You'll notice that it specifically says: &gt; that mailing of wages due to a separated employee is acceptable when the postmark is dated within the specified time periods as described above. So, another option would be to send them a certified / registered letter demanding that they mail you the wages they owe you - eg, your final paycheck and applicable tips. You can also sue them in small claims court, but it likely won't be any faster than a wage complaint with the Dept of Labor (and they'll do the leg work for you). &gt; taking all employees tips without notifying the public, working 8 hr shifts with no breaks, 14 year olds working in the kitchen, etc. You can report these to the Dept of Labor as well. How seriously they take a former employee that hasn't received their final paycheck is up to them.
No. You call the police.
You didn't list a location but said 'mum' rather than 'mom'. Are you in the UK, Canada, or else? There is /r/legaladviceUK. In the US, you should be able to speak with the prosecutor and ask for leniency. You should absolutely, definitely try to get her a criminal defense lawyer (solicitor in CAN / UK). They will be expensive and she absolutely cannot do this without one. &gt; she never physically abused ... me. She did abuse you. She created child pornography, which is viewed incredibly negatively in most places. You should consider seeking counseling on this matter.
Assuming you are an employee (not a contractor) paid hourly, you need to be paid for all time worked. Yes, this includes things like turning on your computer and checking emails. You can file a wage complaint with the Dept of Labor for the 18% of an hour they're shorting you, but the fact that it will likely be a couple dollars works against you. Perhaps consider emailing the manager / HR / etc and explaining that you *began* work at 08:00, since you had prep work (reading emails) to do before logging into the phone.
Your local area will have a Postal Inspector. You can bring this up to their attention.
You need to file a worker's comp claim. Go to your supervisor or HR and let them know this happened at work, and they will open a claim with your worker's comp insurance. Most states require notice be given within a few days, but "I simply didn't know" will get you some leniency. It sounds like you gave them a doctor's note, which should count as written notice of injury. From there, take the information from the doctor you saw and take it to the worker's comp doctor. They will guide your treatment. They'll give you documentation to give to your employer regarding time off, restrictions, etc. They may also send you to a specialist (probably an orthopaed) if they feel they need to. Worker's comp won't cost you anything. They will cover the cost of treatment. &gt; Do I get paid for the missing days or I receive nothing ? Depends on the time you spend off work. I found a website that says worker's comp will only pay the first 7 days' of injury if you're off for more than 14 days. NY-s pays 2/3rds of your average weekly wage up to their max ($904 / wk).
An accountant will be of more help than a lawyer. There may be some veterans organizations who can help you find one. You won't get in legal trouble, but they will charge penalties. As long as you can pay those, the IRS won't care. Do consider filing tax returns for years you had no income - your accountant can help you with that. If you had no income to report, you may not have needed to file.
&gt; I'm just afraid he wont pay anything Luckily, it's not up to the company or your boss (since he's not a qualified medical professional). You can go through the NYS Dept of Labor to open a worker's compensation claim if the company won't help. If you are in NY-City, there are even more protections.
Go through your insurance. Always go through your insurance.
You friend absolutely needs to see an employment lawyer. Most will offer a free or very low priced consult. I hate to repeat this a maxim, but HR protects the company, not the employee. It's been made pretty clear they don't have her best interests at heart.
It's possible that you're an employee of the agency and a contractor in your clinic. [New York State](https://labor.ny.gov/workerprotection/laborstandards/employer/EmpAgency.shtm) does have specific laws requiring this. Or, it's possible you're an independent contractor to the agency. You can modify your employment agreement to include on-time employment as part of the agreement, with penalties or consequences if not paid on time. Another non-legal approach would be to get your management involved, if you have any.
What state are you in? Your options vary depending on the state. Go to your state's Dept of Labor (or equivalent) with any evidence you have. See if your colleagues are in the same boat, and if they were, have them file a wage complaint too. It will take a while (weeks to months), but you'll get a check for everything that's missing. Some states, such as California, have additional worker protections that might mean it's beneficial to sue in small claims court. Remember that retaliating against you for filing a wage complaint is illegal. Also, an extra $0.15 / hr is $6 more a week - that's less than 40 minutes of overtime pay at minimum wage.
Since you're a contractor, you're not granted many of the protections an employee has (eg, paycheck laws, since this isn't legally a paycheck). You can modify your contract to include underpayment penalties. Can you modify the invoicing system so that they know what you're expecting? You can sue them in small claims court for any missing money, or you can work with their management to lean on their payroll dept to do a better job.
The important question is what the contract says about payment. Will it be paid every other Friday? If not, what are the consequences? If they are violating the agreement, you *might* be able to hit them with associated costs, but since you aren't an employee, the rules are a bit different. It sounds like the school needs to lean on them to figure this out. I know this isn't legal advice, but as a fellow contractor, I cannot explain how useful /r/personalfinance's [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index) was in terms of getting me stable. It sounds really challenging, but if you build savings account of a month's expenses or so, you just bought yourself a month of flexibility (eg, if they're three days late paying you, it doesn't matter).
If this is really a problem, you wouldn't get a call; you'd get a police officer knocking on your door. As always, don't talk to the police without a lawyer.
Long shot - you're not leaving due to military orders, correct? There are some special rules on that.
You're unlikely to get out of a ticket because a cop made a typo. Get a criminal defense lawyer. And before you say you can't afford it, it will save you tens of thousands of dollars in the long run.
Yes, you can ask the writer of the lease to invalidate those sections. Get the change in writing (eg, an addendum, etc). It's all a negotiation.
No, California doesn't specifically forbid on-calls, so unless you have a union or contract, you're likely out of luck. Assuming you're hourly or non-exempt, you still have to be paid for all time spent working during that on-call. Assuming you have to go in to handle an issue, I believe CA requires 2 hrs minimum reporting time. If you're salaried exempt, no extra pay is required.
State is required. Generally, if you are salaried exempt, you must be paid your complete salary for all weeks in which your perform any work. Deductions can be made if you don't work a full day for you *own* reasons. You can be required to use vacation / PTO to cover unworked hours, but generally that's regulated by the state, not the FLSA.
Means more inertia keeping you going in whatever direction the ice chooses. The advantage of an 18-wheeler is that they have many wheels. The problem is that they're all high pressure, high center of gravity, and TONS of mass on them.
So, I think this tweet is the most telling thing of the whole day. * Trump spent the whole morning tweeting about numerous things, but mostly how biased and evil the 17 Angry Democrats™ are. * If Trump knew what was in the memo, he would've tweeted his response after it came out: "The memos will just prove that I am Totally Innocent and there was No Collusion except by Crooked Hillary. Oh and this is Obama's fault." * But, we see that he didn't tweet that, or anything close to that. It truly sounds like he had **no idea** what the memo would say. He's truly in the dark on this investigation. If he had any idea what was coming out today, he would've preempted it and started arguing the claims, rather than lashing at the Mueller team in general. I think it's fair to conclude that he had zero reconnaissance on those briefs. * The most important question to ask is: what was he *worried* it would say? He had no idea, so his fears were running away with him. The conclusion here is that there is much, much more to come and Trump is worried what the investigation will find. Why would he be worried if he didn't know there was something in his closet? * Well, you and I know that, but I think he feels like those Chinese-made Trump ties are suddenly very, very tight.
I'm not so sure... *Mendoza v. Nordstrom Inc* decided that it's [one day per workweek](https://hrwatchdog.calchamber.com/2017/05/one-day-rest-seven-answered/), not rolling (eg, you can do 12 days in a row). That said, 14 days would still violate it. 2588617, you have a union rep?
Your statement will update in the next 2-3 days with the correct amount. This is a pre-authorization. They don't know how much you're going to buy, so they dispensed fuel and will charge your bank later. In the meantime, make sure to leave the correct amount in your account to cover the full $40.
&gt; Can I sue them for the gross negligence Nope. You can sue them for not paying you. Words have meaning; I suggest you use them properly or you'll be laughed at. &gt; collosal fuck up No it's not. It's a big deal for you, but for them, it's just a rounding error.
/r/LegalAdviceUK
... You're getting scammed. Hopefully you refunded the money via Paypal and can use their dispute center. $1 says the phone is/was stolen.
There's simply not enough advice here to even guess. What country are you in? If the US / CAN, what state? You may be able to get an FMLA leave but that depends on the size of your company, your time with the company, etc.
You can remove yourself from the deed pretty much whenever you want. Getting yourself removed from the loan is much harder. He'll need to refinance the loan since it's likely you are both on the loan. If you don't pay, it's likely both of your credit will be toast and you'll lose the house and spend a long time paying off this expensive mistake. You can help him find a renter to mitigate your portion of the cost.
California does have specific laws regarding "one day's rest in seven" which actually means "one day per work week." From my understanding, 12 days in a row in the max you can be required to work at one job.
Probably a 1099, to be honest. Don't forget the quarterly taxes!
/u/memesforclinton and /u/memes_for_clinton are both available.
The TAKU is pretty cool. I'd never seen it before.
Don't forget to file for unemployment. If they're paying you till Feb, probably file then.
Go check out /r/personalfinance's wiki on [Collections](https://reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections). There's a lot of good information in there. There is a point where the collections agency can't collect on the debt anymore - this is called the Statute of Limitations. Oregon's SoL on collections is six years, so if a bill is from before 2013, you likely can't be forced to pay by a court (if they do decide to sue you). **Some states consider making ANY payment or promise to pay on an account to reset the clock.** All bills older than 7 years can no longer appear on your credit report. If they're older than 7.5 years, you can dispute the report as being too old. This is from the original date of service. Remember that paying a collections account doesn't remove it from your credit history - it just changes status to 'Delinquent: Paid'. FICO 8 still scores these as a regular collections account (ie, they hurt your score a great deal). FICO 9 considers paid medical debt to be a much smaller ding than in FICO 8.
I assume your last direct deposit was rejected because the account was closed. If that's true, work with your HR dept to get a paper checked issued. It may take a while (a week or two). From there, take the new check and open a new account with a different company. You may want to do that sooner rather than later - banks use a company called ChexSystems to verify bank history, and this event may be reported to ChexSystems. Banks err on the side of caution. Your account had large, repeating wire put in it, which was then flagged as fraud. This is a totally legal and reasonable thing, even if it does put you in a bad position.
Did the odometer actually display 250,000 and you just failed to check it? Or does the odo display 150k but the car actually has 250,000? Or is it option #3, the car reports in miles (156,000) but you assumed it was km (=250,000 km)? If it's the second scenario (the odo displays 150,000 but has 250,000), you have a much stronger cause for action. Other things worth asking - did the Bill of Sale or Title include readings that you filled out? Did they include units?
If it were a federal law to require two party, all states would require two-party as well. [18 U.S.C. § 2511(2)(d)](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2511) says one party &gt; (d) It shall not be unlawful under this chapter for a person not acting under color of law to intercept a wire, oral, or electronic communication where such person is a party to the communication or where one of the parties to the communication has given prior consent to such interception unless such communication is intercepted for the purpose of committing any criminal or tortious act in violation of the Constitution or laws of the United States or of any State.
Yes, the school is allowed to enforce its own policies mostly as it sees fit. This isn't so much a legal issue as a procedural one. If she's already been suspended, I assume the Honor Code Committee or equivalent got involved.
If you're in the US, call your car insurance and let them know. Ask if they can help you get an attorney (this is what you pay them for). I'm *guessing* you're going to civil court and you were sued by someone whose car was damaged by your car. Civil courts can't throw you in jail. Either way, call your insurance and get a plan in place.
Call the police if someone enters your apartment and shouldn't be there, even if it's the property manager. Even if they do have mandatory monthly inspections, they have to give you notice following your lease and state law. Personally, monthly inspections probably toe the line on *edit: of violating* 'quiet enjoyment', but that depends on your state. Is there anyone you can escalate to in the property management company?
From your other comment where you said: &gt; did a relative a favor and let them put their truck under my name and I believe they have taken care of that with the insurance Was the relative the driver of the car, or was it another driver? You absolutely need an attorney, and maybe one who is not working for the insurance company.
Where are you located? In many states, working heat is a requirement for habitability. In all states except Louisiana, habitability is a requirement for a rental unit. You may be able to break the lease over heat that's not working. Generally, you'll need to make attempts to fix it. What those steps are vary depending on the state.
[The state AG website actually discusses your issue](http://www.marylandattorneygeneral.gov/Pages/CPD/landlords.aspx). Maryland does include heat in the habitability requirements for an apartment. Send written notice to your landlord (sounds like you have), and [then get the housing authorities involved](http://www.marylandattorneygeneral.gov/Pages/CPD/landlords.aspx#assist). Baltimore has a big housing authority. Also discuss the additional cost of electricity for space heater, etc when you do talk to the landlord. If the landlord doesn't remedy in a specific time, you can eventually withhold rent (ie, put it in an escrow account) but that is a big step and if done properly can get you evicted. Hopefully a call from code enforcement will scare them into fixing the issue.
Ok - so the question is whether the seller represented to you, deliberately, that it had less miles than it did. If the seller was ambiguous or himself unaware, that's generally not a problem. The question is whether he intentionally mislead you - and now, the question is whether you can prove it. If the answer is yes, you can take him to court. You can also try to negotiate with him, though you mentioned he wasn't returning calls. Saskatcheawn/CAN may have specific or special laws concerning this, but I wouldn't be the right person to research them. Generally, private sellers have much more lax laws than from a dealership.
If it's still up, go and print a copy of the advertisement and all comminucation. If you don't have a printer, save a PDF (Windows: Print -&gt; Microsoft Print to PDF, or on Mac: click PDF, click Save as PDF). Email those documents to yourself as well, because they might come in handy.
Agreed. Lots of MAGAers are [familiar with these mental gymnastics.](https://wp-assets.futurism.com/2015/05/creationist_wheel_of_misfortune.jpg)
Remember that Google takes your specific search / browsing history into account (a hundred fold more if you use Chrome). So if I search "Donald Trump news", I will get news articles from a website that I frequent as well as similar websites, reaffirming my bias. Obviously that's going to happen to people on the other side, too. Unfortunately, that's a hard thing to explain to a person who doesn't understand how pages are ranked...
It's easy to say this when I wasn't sitting in front of Congress, but my answer would've been: "We, as Google, go out and crawl... blah blah blah... "So in short, the reason searching for 'idiot' is correlated with 'Donald Trump' is likely because those words are used together a large amount of the time."
&gt; Chabot's hair game rivals Trump. Jeeze, than is an [aggressively](https://twitter.com/repstevechabot) [punchable face](https://www.reddit.com/r/punchablefaces/).
&gt; It is flat out dangerous to sort any results. It's literally the purpose of a search engine to sort results, using any and all data available. If you don't allow Google et al. to rank based on their own (hugely complex and largely invisible algorithms), all search engines 1) become useless and 2) stop being profitable, so they disappear. If I search for "bike shops near me", Google needs to know an immense amount of information to accurately tell me what I need to know: * Does 'bikes' mean bicycles or motorcyles (use my search history to find I ride a lot of bicycles)? OK, road bikes or mountain bikes? Ok, sales or service / mechanic? * Near me: where are you located *right now*? Your IP address says you're based in Denver. OK, here are bike shops near Denver. But by your rules, if we can't rank results logically or must rank them randomly, a motorcycle repair shop in India *must* be the same importance as the bicycle shop I've bought from multiple times, literally two blocks from my house. Because there's risk of bias, right? Implementing your suggestion would cripple search engines to a point of being entirely pointless.
Just another voice on this issue: the crux of the issue is how 'free' the employee's time actually is. If it's truly at least thirty minutes and the therapist is able to leave the location, that is probably OK to clock out. If it's the scenario described below where they wait for fifteen minutes, declare a no-show, then get fifteen minutes unpaid, that's likely not OK. That's 'engaged to wait' because they can't realistically leave the office and take care of their own business before their next appointment. Also, it should be said that this can't exactly be retroactive. For example, if a therapist has a cancel and then a no-show, this isn't the same as 'no working' for an hour. Being present waiting for a patient to show, ready to treat them if they do show, IS working time. Also, just a reminder: any time spent working needs to be paid. So if they use late patients or cancelled slots to update notes, review or write treatment plans for upcoming patients, etc, that is all work and should be paid. This is all assuming that therapists are hourly, not independent contractors paid per visit, etc. If the company doesn't get it together, they should each file a wage complaint with the [Ohio Dept of Labor](https://ohio.gov/wps/portal/gov/site/jobs/topic-hubs/labor-law/).
You should be able to file a worker's comp claim with your company. Go to your HR / manager and explain that you believe one of the conditions of work caused a work-related injury and would like to have it evaluated. They are allowed to laugh at you, but they still have to take the report and open a worker's comp claim because they aren't qualified medical providers. If they aren't helpful, you can call your company's worker comp insurance company directly. Their information will be posted with other mandatory (eg minimum wage, etc) posters, usually in the lunch or break room. Worker's comp SHOULD cover the cost of treatment if it's found to be work-related (judged by a doctor who is boarded in Worker's Comp).
As long as the things the employer said are factual or their personal opinion, you likely have very little recourse. ("He left without giving notice; I don't think you should hire him," are legal, "He's a thief and you should fire him because he'll steal from you!" is not, unless you're actually a thief). If they are not, you might be able to follow up for damages.
Yes, the policy is legal absent a law prohibiting it. And, as has been mentioned twice, we don't know what country/state you are in, so we can't really begin to figure out if there would be a law prohibiting it. I recommend speaking with your HR / manager and seeing if there's a workaround or a second option for employees who don't have a cell or have issues.
&gt;Can I get fired? Can I be sued? Should I do something? Yes and yes. Whether the suit will find anything is something else entirely. If sued, speak with your company and have them give you a lawyer. &gt; Side note: I'm waiting to hear back on law school applications right now so any advice about that would also be taken :) I also dont want this to affect my admission I'm nearly positive this won't affect your law school admission.
I agree with grasshoppa1 - give OSHA a ring and explain that you can't pee because you're being threatened with dismissal if you take any break. Florida doesn't have any specific laws on breaks, so federal laws apply. Federal law just says any break under 15 minutes needs to be paid (if it exists).
[Yep, very common one](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8mranr/she_lied_about_her_age/).
Don't forget to file for unemployment. Keep an eye out for new jobs or side jobs. /R/povertyfinance has some great advice on how to live and eat cheaply.
Absolutely great deal. Drive it until it explodes!
Contact the clerk of the court tomorrow (call them).
I work as a race timer and occasionally get to the time to the NICA races in my state. It is simply the coolest organization in the sport. There was a race in Leadville (10,000' above sea level) that is just notoriously difficult - lots of big, steep climbs and long loop that tends to string kids out on their own. The last race of the day was Freshman Girls. One gal ended up taking a while - it was her third mountain bike ride ever. She was the last finisher and about two hundred people (everyone standing around for awards) went down to the finish and formed a tunnel for her. She was so happy that she started crying. She did every other race this season.
&gt; Kids with big glasses that laugh when they run Honestly, I don't think it was a one-hit-wonder, I think it was a genre-breaker. Their entire catalog is solid, but people who didn't listen to... what, electro-indie? still liked that song.
Bit of a story: this set got me a girlfriend in college. When I was little, this was on the shelves at Wal-Mart. Instead of being $119, it was marked as $19. My mom complained and got two of them for $19 each. She gave one to my brother and one to my cousin (I was six at the time). I was super jealous. The first thing my brother did was cut up the sails to make them "more pirate-y". This just stung me more. Years later, I inherited all of his Lego. I rebuilt this set and bought new sails off of ebay when I was a freshman in college. It sat next to my Master Builders Tie Interceptor. I was chatting up this girl in my bio class and we got on the topic of Lego, and I told her about this set. And then, I said words that she still makes fun of me to this day: &gt; Uh, you wanna come over and see my Lego? We built Lego for our first date. Shoulda married her.
"Sure. My starting rate is $140K and I want my name tag to read Beary Potter, Esq."
Hello fellow Boulderite! If your property is being renovated without your permission, there is a decent chance it violates your 'right to quiet enjoyment'. That doesn't mean that you get to live in a quiet environment, but it does mean that you have a right to use the premises as you see fit, without undue interruption. Knocking down walls may count, depending on how long this takes. Also worth considering: if you break your fixed-term lease early, generally you have a responsibility for paying the rent until the term ends or until the landlord finds a new leasee. The landlord has a duty to mitigate their damages - ie, if you DO break the lease, they need to work to find a renter ASAP and sue you for the lost revenue. The thing is, if they are constantly preventing you from finding someone to take over your lease, it complicates YOUR duty to the lease. How that comes into play is a question for the court that hears the suit. There are other things to consider - review your lease and see what it does say about early termination (eg, some leases have a 'pay us two months' rent and forfeit security deposit' clause to let you break at any point, some don't). Some allow sublets, and I'm assuming yours does as you're trying to find a new renter. The real question is whether your lease has a clause like "notice to one tenant counts as notice to all tenants". My lease has this clause. This is definitely "consult with an attorney" problem.
MightyMetricBatman's advice is all excellent. Don't forget that you owe taxes on the wages you earned, whether they were withheld or not. You said that you received net pay, so it sounds like the issue would be that the company took the deduction but didn't give it to the IRS. Bring that up with your wage complaint (and don't forget to file an extension, citing this as a reason, to buy yourself some more time). Agreed - don't sell the MacBook, but don't be eager to surrender it until you get your missing wages. Be careful though - you don't want to be accused of theft.
You are required to be paid for all time worked. Answering phones, especially at your supervisor's instruction, is absolutely work. I think the message here is different than your take-away: if you are required to do tasks such as answer phones as soon as you walk in, you should be clocking in absolutely first thing, regardless of whether you are scheduled yet (within reason). If anyone asks, inform them that it's company policy to be working as soon as you're around. So, as soon as you're prepared to work (present, dressed, etc), clock in.
What, specifically, is she claiming the $200,000 is owed for? Rent and medical treatment? Was she a guarantor on the medical treatment? Since it hasn't explicitly been stated yet: When someone dies, their property transfers to something called their 'estate'. The estate owns everything until it completes a process called probate. Probate is when all the debts are reconciled - they use the estate's holdings to pay off creditors, pay off debts, and then ultimately transfer the remaining assets to heirs, usually with the help of the will. When an estate doesn't have enough value (through all things - ownership of houses, bank accounts, cars, etc) to pay off its outstanding debts, it is deemed insolvent. Basically, nobody gets to inherit anything (even if it was promised in a will) because the estate has a negative net value - eg, it's not worth anything. So, long story short, your family needs an estate attorney / probate attorney. It should be pretty quick and easy to get the estate deemed insolvent, meaning the executor of the state (almost assuredly your mother, if she had PoA) should be able to simply inform all creditors that the estate is insolvent. As for the $200,000: first, whomever is named on the lawsuit will need to respond. If the girlfriend is suing the estate, the executor should be able to respond. If she's suing the estate &amp; specific family members (eg, your moms / aunts / uncles), they ALL need to respond. Response is a time-sensitive matter (usually 30 days but sometimes 21 or even 14 days), so definitely don't dawdle. Remaining funds in the grandfather's accounts can usually be able to cover attorneys' fees. There is a hierarchy to the order in which creditors should be paid with what assets do exist - that's where the attorney can help you. If there was life insurance on our grandfather, that is usually not part of the estate - it is paid directly to the beneficiary outside of the estate. Some retirement accounts may function that way as well. Lastly, there is a special case scenario for situations where the girlfriend and your grandfather's name are BOTH on a debt. Normally, when a debt is insolvent (ie, the person died and their estate can't cover it), the creditor absorbs that cost - ie, the debt 'just disappears'. However, if the girlfriend is also listed on the debt - eg, they took out a loan together, she guaranteed medical debt, etc, SHE is responsible for paying, in addition to the estate. In the US, debts aren't inherited. Some unscrupulous debt collectors may call anyone they can find trying to collect on debts, saying "Well, we still need to get paid," and implying that your or your family members need to pay. You do not - tell them to stop calling. TL;DR: get a probate attorney to help you / your family respond to this lawsuit.
Just this week he said: &gt; "Nobody got killed, nobody got robbed... This was not a big crime," Giuliani told The Daily Beast on Wednesday. He added, sardonically, "I think in two weeks they'll start with parking tickets that haven't been paid." Rudy's already admitted Trump did the things he's being accused of. Their official stance is "but laws are for Democrats and poor people. I'm neither."
I live about 200 feet from a 'test' section of road where they installed plastic bollards in the cycling area. It's two car lanes, bollards, bicycle lane. We also get a fair amount of snow (and more than our fair share of sunshine). The snow plows push the snow from the two car lanes into the bollards &amp; the bike lane. Then, they plow the bike lane a day later. The problem is that there's a ton of snow around the bollards that then melts. Since it's a normal road, the snowmelt flows downhill to the outside - straight through the bike path. Then, at night, it freezes and you get the blackest ice the world has ever known. So - while bollards might serve as a visible barrier, they mean you can't use the bike lane in my area for a week after each snow storm because you'll be riding is slush and a stream during the day, and then on black ice during the evening / early morning. Frankly, if you're got enough space for bollards, just put in a raised physical barrier. No need to elevate the bike path. Better use of the space.
It says "FAFSA" in the title so I imagine OP is applying for federal college funds.
I haven't been in the job market for over three years. Someone called me about two weeks ago, and my response was "How did you get this number?" Her response: "Wow, it's pretty rude to not introduce yourself." "Hi, my name's Matt, and I've been employed for over three years. How did you get this number?" Best part: she was recruiting for a job that required a medical license I don't have, "nearby" (six and a half hours away, literally on the other side of the Rocky Mountains).
... but not for very long.
It's also malleable (can be shaped and then hold that shape) and conductive. It doesn't rust or corrode, so it's excellent for things like computer connectors running very low voltages, where even a bit of corrosion would stop the flow. But yeah, industrial uses can't even touch the artificial value numbers. Wait until you see the OTHER things we use as currency, though...
Go file a wage complaint with the California Dept of Labor and Industry. There are laws on when and how tips must be paid out. If your friends colleagues do the same, everyone will have a better outcome. (And the company won't be able to spite a single employee.)
So there is a bit of grey area on reporting time, with the logic being that you are WORKING at 7, so you must be there a few minutes early to be ready to work. The federal government has affirmed this on things like security screenings, uniforms, etc. The problem is when you said: &gt; This includes prep work such as checking sections, side work and pre-shift meetings. This is absolutely work and must be paid. File a wage complaint with the federal Dept of Labor (Florida doesn't have a state DoL). Clock in while doing mandatory prep work.
There are two sets of classifications for workers: * Exempt or non exempt (do you get paid overtime) * hourly or salary (do you get paid per hour worked or a flat rate per week?) So, you can be salaried exempt (paid the same amount regardless of how much you work) or hourly non-exempt (paid for each hour worked, plus overtime over 40 or 12 hours a day). There are also salaried non-exempt (paid the same amount each week but also eligable for overtime) and hourly exempt (paid hourly but no overtime- police, fire, and some computer professionals). &gt; I'm paid by the hour up until 40 hours but after that I'm considered salary. So if you work 35 hours, do you get paid for 35 hours or 40? They can't have you be both salary over 40 and paid hourly up to 40. It's one or the other. If you are paid only for hours worked, then you need to be paid for hours above 40, probably with overtime. Do you have a union or a contract? Absolutely go to the Dept of Labor and file a wage complaint. They'll get this sorted and get you paid for hours worked but not paid.
It is hilarious to me that our parents considered "living in a van down by the river!" to be a threat or something to be ashamed of... and we think it's a literal paradise.
Being salaried and exempt are two different things. It is possible to be be salaried and non-exempt (ie, gets paid overtime) the same as it is possible to be hourly exempt (police, fire, some types of computer professionals, etc). The big requirements are that you make over $455 a week (pre-tax) and that you perform "administrative" or managerial functions. You're right in assuming that most 'white collar' responsibilities fall under one of those rules. No, if you make less than $23,600, you need to make overtime.
When did you vacate the property? Idaho requires return of security deposit within 21 days, or 30 days if the both parties agree. If they aren't going to return any security deposit, they need to send a receipt for the items withheld instead. They can pursue you for additional costs that you incurred beyond the value of the deposit. &gt; they are going to send the bill in question to claims at the end of the year What is 'claims' here? Small claims court? &gt; they then send the bill to collections can I do anything about my credit? Can I add damages for the hit to my credit later? Judgement and collections accounts report to your credit. Knowingly reporting false information to a credit account is illegal, but reporting an outstanding account or a collections account is not. You wouldn't have damages to pursue if all they did was report that you (correctly) owed them money. If they do knowingly report false information, you may be able to ad that to a suit.
You need to review the rental contract, likely &gt; a piece of paper listing the equipment in my possession, which used the word 'renting'. Figure out what it says. Your obligations only go as far as the contracts you signed.
This is very likely illegal. They're stealing your wages. [File a wage complaint](https://labor.wv.gov/Pages/default.aspx) with the West Virginia Dept of Labor. You should document all records you have showing that they will dock your pay below 40 hours, but not pay you overtime or hourly above 40 hours. If you can get your coworkers to do the same, it's likely you'll all get a better outcome. Theoretically, it is illegal to retaliate again an employee for filing a wage complaint, so document anything amiss.
Nope, I meant the area of France and the peoples who inhabit it. :P Thanks for reading my rant!
You have a legal right to quiet enjoyment, which is likely being violated by having ten prospective buyers per week show up unannounced. Your landlord needs to give you notice for each and every time someone expects entry into your house. Only your landlord or their agent are required entry, which is likely why he's instructing them to describe themselves as inspectors. The next time an "inspector" shows up, you likely have the right to deny them entry. You can also deny them entry if it doesn't adhere to notice required in your lease and state law. Your lease will remain intact even if the house is sold. They cannot raise your rent change the term of your lease, etc without your approval (so watch out for them asking you to sign a new lease, etc).
&gt; the owner texts everyone who worked that shift saying we each owe $100 plus dollars because the numbers are "all wrong" Nope, this is illegal. They can fire you for not agreeing to the deduction, but you don't have to agree. You can raise a wage complaint with the [Penn Dept of Labor](https://www.dli.pa.gov/Pages/default.aspx) if they do decide to take the money anyway. This isn't a legal issue *yet*. A way to avoid this would be to work with your coworkers to make it clear that this is illegal and that they will not be paying it.
Wait as you get it more and more dialed. Shock PSI, tire PSI, and rebound all need a bit of work until you figure it out. But once you do... whew, boy! Have a blast.
I work in the mid-west for a company that was based in Rochester. We got acquired by our largest competitor, based out of Philly. In the 'welcome' speech, the CEO talked about how we Rochester-ites didn't learn our lesson since Kodak stopped innovating, and we were doing the same. We needed to Innovate™! The funny thing is that the new company doesn't innovate - they buy out any company that is a threat to them, kills their product, and re-skins the IP to integrate into their existing software. "Innovation" is literally in their mission statement, yet their top ten "innovations" were all software they purchased over the last year.
I think the best one is respondent.io. About once every two weeks, I spend an hour answering qualifying surveys. I normally get one interview from that hour, which usually ranges from about $60-$100. It's not an insane amount of money, but it balances to about $30 / hr and it's nice to pull a couple hundred from my paypal every few months.
Agreed. The whole point of FIRE is that you have better things to do than work. Making yourself more valuable per hour is the first step - there's only so many hours in a week. That said, "just get a raise" is kind of reductive, too.
Race timing. Actually, I converted it to my full-time job last week. If you have a background in sport, contact event operators (in my sport, race directors) and see if they have work for you. A reliable, knowledgeable employee is worth a lot as a gig employee on the weekends. There is a company here that will pay $25 an hour.
Easy? No, not really, but you normally don't have to sell your soul for a paycheck, either (I left pharmaceuticals). Depends on what you're doing - for example, I've done everything from loading equipment, breaking down fences, packet pickup, course marshalling, to driving passenger vans down a huge mountain after the race.
Yep, exactly. I'll time everything from HS XC meets to nordic and downhill ski racing. My company owns a 'fully automatic timing' system, so think mass-participation. I did a 50K trail run yesterday and have a mountain bike race Wednesday, an aquathlon (swim-run) Thursday, and a triathlon Saturday. Track meets are a different beast - you actually use a [high speed camera](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy76Hu2Eg7E) to manually assign very accurate times. It's not what my company specializes in.
Thank you! I've been working with a small race timing company for four seasons now, but have added some consulting and mid-week flexibility to make it a four-day a week full-time gig. Timers Talk is great... just wish they went more in-depth with the drama since I'm new to it. :P
Today, in "Situations I made up in my head..."
Didn't we get a Chrissie [shitpost bot](https://www.reddit.com/r/beltalowda/comments/bw23ku/i_made_a_shitpost_bot/) recently?!
IT'S ALLLIIIIIIVEEEEE!!
It boils down to (heh): Steam is less dense than water. As neutrons are flying off of the uranium, they are being caught by the water. This moderates the reaction, since uranium radiation hitting other uranium is what powers the nuclear reaction. As water is converted to steam between fuel rods, there is less physical barrier to prevent neutrons from hitting other uranium atoms. More radiation hits other rods, energy output goes up.
I really liked the show. I think one of my favorite elements was subtle: Episode 2 was entitled "Don't Panic". The end of episode 2 is when the divers are chasing the pipes to open the valve - and it goes dark. Fuck. I sat in silence for like, ten minutes - *Is it time to panic yet?*
For some context: this is in the US, where unpaid internships are generally illegal under the FLSA. Courts have ruled that to be truly unpaid, an internship [must meet seven criteria](https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs71.htm). &gt;... [T]he intern’s work complements, rather than displaces, the work of paid employees while providing significant educational benefits to the intern. and &gt; [T]he internship provides training that would be similar to that which would be given in an educational environment, including the clinical and other hands-on training provided by educational institutions. So, frankly, this just looks like slave labor under the guise of 'we'll pay you in experience!!!'
"thumbs up" More like... get a restraining order? Why is that not a default response?
We actually had a big meeting in our office after this situation to answer, clearly and concisely, why the software had been designed this way. The short answer is what Minenash quoted: often, you would repeat the test to get a really clear image. In reality, a study nurse would perform the test, take it to a doctor on their staff, have the doctor review it, and confirm that the test met their expectations. Once they saved it, they were no longer able to edit it - it was part of the data set that would be submitted to the FDA. So, in short, the button was really saying, "Do you want to submit this data to the FDA?" I was on the team that flew out (yes, we met the client at their office) to explain what happened to their data. We expected it to be a tense meeting - instead, one of their PMs had gotten wind and already briefed them, so we had a 10 minute discussion on whether they wanted the design changed (they didn't), and then spent two days trying new breweries on the company card.
Interestingly: in clinical drug trials, just add another zero or two to the cost of everything. The average cost of bringing a drug to market is $3,500,000,000 USD. That's an average of every drug: both the totally revolutionary, designed from the ground up in a novel pathway drug (which barely exist anymore because they're so expensive) and the nearly-complete but just need to be guided through equivalency trials drugs, which are very cheap to approve and more common. If you want some insight into the absurdity of this field, listen to the 99% Invisible episode "Orphan Drugs". It talks about how we got to where we are, and it includes two episodes of "Quincy, ME", a congressional law, billions of dollars of profits, and a popcorn business in Vegas.
Ooof, thank god I'm not a person who has to answer questions regarding 21 CFR Pt 11 compliance... My understanding is that because these are non-endpoint data (ie, the study is not testing a cardiac drug), the rules are slightly different. We actually won a huge FDA approval based on this method (that actually got our company acquired, and got my whole office laid off...), so it has been specifically reviewed by the FDA.
[Link here](https://www.npr.org/2019/06/07/730671823/univ-of-alabama-rejects-21-5-million-gift-donor-urged-boycott-over-abortion-law) &gt; Culverhouse issued a statement Friday in which he renewed his call for students "to protest and reconsider their educational options in Alabama." &gt; "I expected this response from UA," he said. "I will not allow my family's name to be associated with an educational system that advocates a state law which discriminates against women, disregards established Federal law and violates our Constitution. It appears that Culverhouse tried to make this about abortion after it was originally about his desire to play a bigger role in appointments in the law school. According to the link above, the school had already transferred the $26M back to Culverhouse before he made the abortion statement.
There was an /r/legaladvice about a guy [who got in an accident due to a train horn](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/bea5yk/california_involved_in_accident_caused_by_prank/). The update made it sound like the cops [threw the book at the train horn owner](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/bj7gvl/update_california_douche_with_a_train_horn_on_his/).
This list is not accurate. I can name five public schools in my state that require freshman live on campus, none of which are on this list. (CU Boulder, CSU, UNC, CMU, Ft Lewis College).
No, it's not standard practice to make you a replacement. That's the whole point of an employee giving notice (which is a courtesy, not required). The idea is that you give them time to find someone to replace you. They can't "make" you stay. If they threaten to withhold pay or "require" you to come in, laugh in their face and go straight to your state's Dept of Labor.
&gt; $3000 time August rolls around. Can you clarify this? $3,000 over what time period? $3,000 a year? Yes, you need to pay attention to taxes. The rule of thumb is that if you work "independent" (non-W2), you need to set aside about 30% for taxes. It's possible you will be under the threshold to file. The recent tax changes mess with that a little, but last year's threshold was [$12,000 of earned income](https://www.thebalance.com/are-you-required-to-file-a-tax-return-3192868). Keep in mind that contractors owe self-employment taxes [if they make over $400 from self-employment](https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/self-employment-tax-social-security-and-medicare-taxes).
You didn't answer the question - $3,000 a year and $3,000 a month are very different tax situations.
I've recently learned this is a situation called [learned helplessness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learned_helplessness). Basically, you encounter a similar situation and fail so many times that you stop trying. This is my mom - she literally turns off when there is a computer involved. &gt; Mom: "It's giving me an error!" &gt; Me: "What does it say?" &gt; Mom: "I don't know! I'm not a computer person." &gt; Me: "No, READ ME the text." &gt; Mom: " 'Do you want to restart now or later?' " &gt; Me: "Well, do you want to restart now or later? &gt; Mom: "I DON'T KNOW I'M NOT A COMPUTER PERSON." The way to work around this is to guide them to making progress in the scenario instead of resolving the scenario for them. A person in learned helplessness (LIKE ME IN MATH) learns that you need an external solution, unless they can observe that they're moving forward.
"I had a full-time career while working hard and got a better full-time career." Step 1: don't drown. Step 2: keep not drowning. Step 3: call everyone else 'lazy' while posting on reddit during the workday.
That's.... not what cost of living is? Cost of living is how much it costs to pay essentials like rent, food, etc. It doesn't account for having to switch to LaCoste because you now live on the east cost. Also, you said "They moved to locations where they could afford to buy a house". Remember that they moved to the suburbs, where there were also jobs. For most millennial and Gen Z's, work is going to be in cities or suburbs. We can't move out to the country because there's no work there (literally what a third of the country is complaining about). But now houses are being bought by boomers and Gen Xers as 'investment properties'. The cheapest single-family home in my county sold for $530,000 last year, and it was immediately demolished for new construction. Maybe, just maybe, you're out of touch?
Points that you may want to bring up in the conversation: * Do we have state laws that prevent this? * Are there industry regulations that prevent this? * Do we have company policy against this? * Is the supervisor aware of this, and it's just a coworker taking advantage? * Will this be a regular thing? There are a few ways to phrase questions like this: "Hey boss, I'm not sure about what the regulations say on working a 24-hour day like today. Can you look into it?" (Which of course triggers the question, *Why is Sunscreen working 24 hours straight?*) or "Hey boss, I've just been asked to work a two 12s back to back - can I scratch one of my other shifts later in the week?" You can also check things like the company handbook and see what they have to say about this.
Time to go to the EEOC - if you had just filed for accommodation and the supervisors are saying things like "get your head looked at", it's not a coincidence. The obvious thing to do would be to cover their asses by firing you after a negative performance review. Whether you go to HR is up to you. Remember that HR's job is to protect the company. It's often easier to sweep one employee under the rug than to replace leadership and management, so it's very possible they won't work in your favor on this.
I like [this article](https://www.wired.com/story/congress-is-debating-again-whether-genes-can-be-patented/) that talks a bit about the bill and what it is. Basically, there was a gene called BRCA1 (and 2) that were present in about 80% of breast and ovarian cancers. Myriad Genetics found and patented the sequence, and then was charging about $3,000 *per test* to license the patent to test for it. This, inherently, is a healthcare decision: if a woman has either BRCA genes, most doctors recommend cancer screenings every 6 months instead of every year or two. Since early detection is one of the primary factors that affect survival rates, you could either pay $3,000 upfront to get the test and know if you have a significantly higher genetic predisposition for these cancers, or you could not, potentially decreasing survivability of cancer down the road. So here's the question: where's the line? If we don't allow companies to patent items like this, there is less financial motivation to pursue them. But, on the other hand, we've seen that private companies go too far when allowed their druthers (see Myriad's $3,000 BRCA test, or cycloserine's price increase from $500 to $10,800 per monthly dose). I think the next step is to examine similar legislation in things like the Orphan Drug Act, which has been rampantly abused even though the intention was good (and [has a hell of a story](https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/orphan-drugs/) including two episodes of *Quincy, ME* and a popcorn company in Vegas, if you don't know it). So, from a semi-outsider's perspective, the issue is that there needs to be progress forward, which patents encourage, but also price limits (which patents discourage). I think the wording of the Orphan Drug Act is that prices must be 'reasonable', but since there are no competing drugs on the market, what's reasonable? Of course, this is where someone like the FDA would ideally come in and intervene, except I personally feel that the FDA and its leadership have different priorities than the average person, especially in the current political climate. We've seen this with the FDA not intervening in cases like daraprim (Martin Shkrelli), the epi-pen, and insulin. In the past, we've seen that patents spur contests to *get* the patent, but then stifle any further innovation past that point. As mentioned in the Wired article I linked above, even doing research on BRCA required licensing the patents, so educational institutions had to pay to research how much of a role BRCA *even played* in these types of cancer. It goes without saying that there are huge advances left to be made in medicine, and the way to fast-track them is to have private companies pour small fortunes into them to spur development, so the monetary payoff needs to be worth it. But there are a few voices [saying that many expensive drugs are products of academia, not pharma](https://ccl.yale.edu/sites/default/files/files/Kesselheim%20Tan%20Avorn%20-%20transformative%20drugs%20-%20Health%20Aff.pdf). We can only assume that medical treatments related to genetics would be same, especially since genetics is a much more specific field. So, sorry for the wall of text, but TL;DR: I think we need to be very, very careful that we don't create a bunch more Luxturna or Zolgensma type drugs. (Disclaimer: until very recently, I worked in pharmaceutical research).
More importantly, there was a time when they were reliable. My uncle had a late-nineties Cherokee that hit 300,000 miles of hard, Colorado mountain driving (they live up by Winter Park). Too bad they had electrical issues... and then, you know, Daimler-Chrysler.
I know everyone here has taken this call: &gt; $user: "But I don't need to plug it in at wooooork! Why would I need to plug it in at hoooooome?!" &gt; $tech: "Because there is power built into the dock you plug it into at work. It IS plugged in, you just don't see it."
That's only half of the equation - the other half is that we haven't done anything to control the costs of medicine, so things like insulin, epi-pens, daraprim, [Acthar](https://twitter.com/Gizmodo/status/1136585123900604416), etc are skyrocketing to as drug companies are more and more and more profitable.
This was the cornerstone (and decision) of *[Myriad Genetics](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3982540/)*. &gt; "The Court ruled that synthetically created cDNA is patentable, while isolated natural DNA is not." The proposed legislation would refine this definition a bit, but it's hard to tell in what direction since I don't speak legal-ese.
Please check the source I quoted (directly) again. The author is a professor who *does* hold a JD, and the paper is peer reviewed. I would trust their interpretation.
I agree, I should've been clearer in my meaning. When I say people on a budget, I mean people who can't go out an buy a 9900k &amp; 2080 ti. I'm thinking of people in the $500 - $1000 range, who have a hard cap on what they can spend. I think the phrase "budget CPU" has a different connotation - I'm thinking of the Ryzen 2200G, for example, for $80. The Ryzen 5 3600 and 3600x are squarely aimed at the i5 market - $50 cheaper, 2 more cores, 10-15% expected speed increase.
I don't mean to be that guy, but didn't the Uruk-hai kill a goblin? :P
&gt; $12 - $14 an hour "My 17 year old nephew says he can do this for $20 an hour. He plays video games all day, so he knows all about computers."
who is also a * network admin * who is expected to train realtors one-on-on * on proprietary software * that you design and maintain For California's minimum wage.
Oh, don't worry. They'll end up will a Miller High Life employee.
I used to work with police &amp; fire (as patients), and man - the firefighters *loved* life. 72 on, 96 off, surrounded by like-minded people, admired by the community. They had bad days, but most of 'em made $40-$50K, had a side gig and a killer pension. The volunteers got shafted though.
Vowels. "A E I O U, and sometimes Y." Y = why. Without the letter y, 'why' would not have a vowel. Oh, and all words must have vowels. That's why vowels are special. I had two college degrees before I realized that.
Ahh, the ole "for what you're paying, how hard could it be?" approach. Paradigm. Cross functional. Boom, now pay me $100K.
I'd give myself 4 hours before I somehow killed myself in that. It'd be totally worth it.
Congrats - considering that most of that climbing is in one go and half of the ride is above 9,000', I'd say you're well on your way! It's possible to do a not-boring century along the Front Range that looks like [this](https://www.mapmyride.com/us/boulder-co/masonville-century-out-and-back-route-22747978). Taking Co Road 29 past Green Ridge on the way out is a lot of fun, too.
Found on a subaru message board: &gt; The EA82 is rated at 90 HP and 103 ft/lbs which is double what the stock VW motor made. I looked it up. The 1500 cc (yep, not 1.5L) made 44 hp and the 1600 'S[uper]' engine made 53 hp.
That's awesome. I'm a Soobie owner (no, not that kind, mine is naturally aspirated) and have seen more than a few Vanarus. Thanks for the info!
Farfenstock? What is this, an Ikea item?
As OP said, 2016 Santa Cruz 5010. I have the exact same bike (size, color, year, etc). It's a 130mm 'trail bike' that is pretty much the go-to dual slalom and 4x bike. Not the most capable bike on a true trail, but ridiculously fast down tight technical stuff. I spaced my front Pike out to 140 mm (stock is 130) to make it just a bit more capable, and it's a killer, killer bike.
I think you're missing part of the equation. Genius are the industry leader in lyrics sites - they even have Spotify integration with 'fun facts' and song lyrics. The thing that Genius sells is page views. The difference is that they have a license to some of the content. As mentioned specifically with "Panda", they have actual, official lyrics *licensed by the record label* (which represents the artist, for good or bad). This is very likely an exclusive license (ie, the label didn't give it to multiple lyrics companies). The problem here is that Google is scraping these lyrics - they're stealing the content from genius, and then putting it in a place where Genius doesn't get the click. So, Google is stealing Genius' product, but cutting Genius out of the mix. The issue is that Genius' license doesn't apply to Google; Google is stealing a licensed item and using it without license. This is a big problem for Genius, obviously, *since their product is page views*. Google is saying "it doesn’t source its lyrics from Genius, relying on its own content team for the lyrics" (which literally means that google is scraping them from various sources), but obviously Genius caught them... Red Handed. It'll be interesting to see how this plays out - I think Genius would be reluctant to file suit, because while IP case law would apply here, most courts *should* be reluctant to legally define the role and capabilities of search engines. That's a big, economically loaded question that very few courts would be able to address adequately.
"How would you know what an education in computers looks like? You can't operate a power button, *KAREN*."
I like the point worded better as "you can only remove so much fat from your budget." So many times, both personalfinance and povertyfinance get hung up on the "OMG you're paying $30 a month for a cellphone when you could be paying $24!" At the end of the day, more money is more money. I think the important thing that we didn't talk about until recently is that you have to invest in *yourself* as well. You can work all the mturk and side gigs you want, but given the opportunity to make the same $xx,000 from either 40 hrs or 60 hours a week, which makes more sense? Sure, it's obvious that making more money is a path out of poverty, but a lot of people don't think about it in the right way.
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/buildapcsales/comments/c39isd/ram_gskill_aegis_32_gb_2_x_16_gb_ddr43000_memory/erpo6ag/) is a really succinct explanation. This is 3000 MHz at @16 CL, which is slightly slower than 3000 at @15 CL. And by slightly, I mean less than *one nanosecond* between accesses. This would be great for 95% of uses. Serious overclockers should look somewhere else.
.... "It's a business expense. I claimed it on my taxes."
Wow. Instant crush on the bald dude. I'm a straight guy.
Haha, exactly what planet__express said. I have a buddy who retired a bit early and is on one of the budget budget budget plans. It's... honestly, it's worth the extra $14 USD I pay to be able to USE my phone.
&gt; Marge: I thought you said the law was powerless. &gt; Chief Wiggum: Powerless to *help* you, not punish you.
I same the same height and ride a 54 Tarmac, though my next bike would be a 56 cm. You can fit on both, but the 56 mm will be more comfortable.
TurboBoost, baby. As long as the temp is staying under control and the chip is stable, Intel chips will boost well past their stock clocks. My 7700hq has a stock of 2.8 jiggerherts but sits at 3.8 most of the time.
&gt; hire some guy to do all the work You know, the work of a multiple teams: graphic design, coding, as well as marketing, website, etc...
The Party of Law and Order strikes again!
A tutoring gig fell into my lap during college. The student was enrolled in a private highschool but they'd cancelled year two of his selected language, and our state requires that you do two years of a foreign language to graduate. His mom negotiated to allow him to take an equivalency exam. Dude was wild. Their dad owned a safari company. The kid would tip uber eats drivers $100 bills and asked why I didn't just "pay people to take my tests for me" to keep my GPA up at college, instead of studying myself. At one point he threw a legitimate African spear at me and impaled the (leather) couch. The mom didn't understand why I packed up and left, and didn't come back.
1) You don't need an SSN to report to collections. A name and address is enough (which is why lots of Jrs have their fathers' debts associated with their history). 2) The school could give them the SSN.
Go file a worker's comp claim. They will cover the cost of the urgent care visit and if a qualified provider determines that your injury was caused by the work, workers comp will also cover the cost of treating the injury to resolution. If the company's HR department won't help, most states have a division of workers comp. Reach out to them and let them know you were fired for seeking treatment for what you believe to be a work-related injury, and need help opening a claim. Personally, I would also consult a worker's comp or employment attorney since firing someone to prevent them from claiming workers comp is illegal.
Thanks for that - I missed that bit, but assumed that the broken glass meant he had been involved in an accident. I'll update it.
Since it sounds like Windows 10 is installing OK, have you tried booting to safe mode? Sounds like you have another PC. You can usually pull the HDD/SSD out of one and plop it in another and at least get it to boot.
Starting at the beginning: how do you know you're booting from the HDD? You're seeing the HDD listed as the C:\ and the SSD listed as D:\ or sequential? I would recommend (turning off the computer) and unplugging the HDD data cable. When you try to boot, do you get a 'NO BOOT DEVICE FOUND' error or similar?
Is that your CPU or your GPU that's at 40-50 degrees? They can both overheat. Does it happen in other games? How's your RAM usage?
Running into the same issue on the Steam version. Let me know if you find a solution. edit: I signed out in Halo, which seems to have resolved it. Click in the top right on your user profile, click Switch accounts, and then sign back in. Thanks all!
That sounds like the host is throttling their upload. This is common on hosting sites - eg Megaupload, etc.
It looks like your link is broken. Are you on the Windows start screen?
You shouldn't have any problems - the labeling is a bit more complex than that. When you clone the drives, you'll change which device you want to boot from in the BIOS. This is done by restarting the computer and hitting F2, F12, DEL, or whatever key is assigned by your manufacturer, and then setting boot priority.
If it's new enough that it has a 9750h, it should have a warranty still, right?
Also, most fans will have their part number etched in. You can look for that part on ebay - most single laptop fans are $5-$10.
Hopefully the monitor is new and you and send it back for a warranty replacement.
Reset your computers, deleting all the data. Or, get a real antivirus (McAfee sucks). Don't pirate software. This is one reason why.
I had a 256 GB version of this drive delivered to my house yesterday. Any tests I can run on it that would be helpful?
OK, that sounds like the drive isn't configured to boot. There is a certain amount of hidden data on a drive that Windows (or Linux or Mac OS) use to tell your motherboard how to boot. This is called the EFI (part of UEFI) that GregZ mentioned above. I would recommend [doing a startup repair](https://www.groovypost.com/howto/fix-windows-10-wont-boot-startup-repair-bootrec/) with *only* the new SSD attached. Windows will try to repair this drive but it may or may not be possible as it generally involves extra partitioning. Let me know if that works!
I don't think the 9900k supports quad channel - the [Intel product page](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/products/processors/core/i9-processors/i9-9900k.html) says we're capped at dual channel. Thanks for your feedback!
Assuming they're Windows 10 machines, simply search "reset Windows" in the Start menu to bring you to Recovery screen. This will have an option that says Reset this PC. Note that because it sounds like you have a (deliberate) virus, you will need to do a 'clean my files' option. This wipes the drive - like, seriously, overwrites any files you have. You'll need to backup files but be very cautious as those files may have the virus you're trying to eliminate.
This machine should be able to run Fortnite at low settings. I'd recommend reinstalling both the Epic Games launcher and then the Fortnite application itself. Before that, make sure all your GPU drivers are up to date. I think DisplayDriverUpdate (DDU) should be able to help.
I agree - Intel has basically abandoned the desktop market. They've split their development lines to favor the server and ARM markets. edit: as a poster said in this thread, these 12 nm processors are failed 2600 processors. Rather than throw the chip away, they can still sell for $85 and boost profits for something they've already produced. The consumer gets a high-quality chip for an extremely reasonable price and AMD gets to sell a not-quite-perfect device that exceeds expectations. The problem is that Intel doesn't really have anything in the pipeline to answer the Zen 2 (Ryzen 3xxxx) lineage. The Ryzen 3 chips are cheap, powerful, and the release of the recent 3950x caused Intel to panic and drop the price of their i9 9960x and 9980xe processors. At this point, I don't think it's a loyalty thing. AMD knows they have a superior bang-for-buck product and people are rooting for the underdog. I'll be happy to watch the next few years unfold (as I installed a 9900k bought well below market today).
While the price isn't amazing, I've owned several PNY drives (they're BestBuy's 'house' SSD) and they've served admirably. I think the market for SSD is very competitive right now (eg, Sabient Rocket, Inland, Crucial, etc) but this doesn't seem like the 'deal of the century'. If it doesn't speak to you, hold off and wait a month or three.
Right now, Raytracing is either poorly implemented or not present in many games. It's currently in its early-adopter state. The 5700 XT appears to be performing about as well as a 1080 ti (a touch better on 4k), which is roughly equivalent to a 2070 Super. The starting point for those cards seems to be about $150 more than the 5700 XT. For a budget minded person, that's an easy decision.
Any of the Dell TB1x docks are terrible. I had a TB15 at home (the square one) and it is unreliable. About a third of the time, the connections simply don't work when you dock. It will charge but not get an image or connect to USB/ethernet until you restart. My work uses the WD15 and the entire IT team has made their hatred of them known. At this point, Dell doesn't even throughshoot them or request them back when they fail - Dell just sends another one. My office of ~400 throws away about one a week. They'll fail in multiple ways - either getting absurdly hot (like 120+ deg F on the outside) or just stop putting out an image entirely. I'm sitting here typing this on a WD15 that won't connect to my external (Dell) monitor. I had to connect the HDMI directly to the laptop. Call me old-fashioned but I believe a $200 premium piece of equipment shouldn't try to burn your damn office down.
Thanks for the intelligent discussion. This is a silly question but what are TLC, NAND, QLC examples of? That's the type of flash storage, right? The type of chip?
Thanks for the info! I would have never correlated the TLC/QLC as being bit storage. That's actually way more simple than I realized.
Correct, does not. Only those two plastic ones shown.
I had this one for about a year before switching to wired internet. About to put it in my roommate's rig. Good range, reliable, no fuss. Make sure to download the driver form their website. It's huge and ridiculous but seems to run without issues.
Sick. Love the side-by-side shot following him down next to the fence.
The first line of the post says it's almost $20,000.
The word factoid originally meant something that was false but considered to be true. (Oxford dictionary: an assumption or speculation that is reported and repeated so often that it becomes accepted as fact.)
I think the best LegalAdvice post was boss who posted about violating a coworker's religious customs, and then.... [the coworker showed up and asked the opposite question](https://np.reddit.com/r/bestoflegaladvice/comments/89yci9/laop_gets_a_nasty_shock_comes_to_ask_about_a/). She was understandably freaked out when people started talking about things she hadn't said.
I think my biggest problem with RGB is all the damn software. My AIO and RAM are advertised as being compatible with a name brand software, but they aren't. Just another way to force people into an ecosystem, the lack of which is part of what makes PC Master Race glorious.
So what you're saying is there IS a poop fairy who cleans up after all of Boulder! I knew it!
I hoped that you meant that as a bad joke, but unfortunately your post history suggests otherwise. Luckily, [facts don't care about your feelings](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/16/business/dealbook/women-majority-of-us-law-students-first-time.html).
Apple has been making shady hardware for decades. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUaJ8pDlxi8) (from a guy who makes his living repairing Apple products) explains why. It boils down to the fact that Apple is not interested in improving their products - they sell an image, not a computer. They have tons of major design flaws *that are kept around for multiple generations.* From the Butterfly keyboard fiasco, to the wrong size capacitors causing boards to fail, to their processor meltdown fiasco, to the graphics desoldering issue. Literally off the top of my head, I can name four issues that escalated to class action law suits that stuck around for multiple generations. It's one thing to build a product with a flaw, but it takes a certain amount of gall to keep putting a terrible design in your machines even after your own community calls it '[the worst product in company history](https://www.businessinsider.com/macbook-butterfly-keyboard-called-worst-product-in-apple-history-2019-3)'. All that's just despicable enough, but Apple's attitude towards it seals the deal. They have repeatedly designed their recalls and support plans to minimize the number of computers they'll fix (The A112 Macbook and the butterfly keyboard, which specifically excluded most of the affected systems, for example). Remember when Apple got caught deliberately slowing down old iPhones (which is illegal in many of their markets), and their response was "oops [yes we are breaking the law but pay us $29 and we'll replace your battery](https://www.cnet.com/news/apple-is-slowing-down-older-iphones-batteries-faq/#ftag=CAD-00-10aag7d)"! No indication that they'd stop throttling their phones, though. As a reminder, the voltage problem and cold crash has been an issue since at least the 4S (when I first encountered it). Why not, I don't know, *fix the design flaw?* In any of the EIGHT generations since? Remember when they blamed the i9 cooling problem on users? And not the fact that the [designers forgot a powerful chip would generate heat](https://www.extremetech.com/computing/273734-apple-cant-handle-the-heat-severe-core-i9-throttling-found-on-new-macbook-pros)? (Their defense was literally 'this chip has the same 45w TDP as all other i7 chips'). Apple laptops have been having [this issue since the early 2000s!](https://discussions.apple.com/thread/638501). It's horribly disingenuous to say "oh there was a software big! We rolled out a fix!" There was no software bug. You cannot fix a hardware design problem with software. Their fix was to cripple the processor: underclocking, undervolting, and cranking up the fans so that a new, $6,700 machine could finally perform as well as (but not better than) their 18 month old, $2000 configuration built on an older, inferior processor. Apple abandoned their original clientele of high end audio/video creators ('pro' used to mean 'professional') when they stopped building machines for productivity. It boils down to the fact that Apple power-users are being left behind by people who need a slick Facebook and email machine. They have switched their goal to [maintaining products](https://www.wsj.com/articles/jony-ive-is-departing-apple-but-he-started-leaving-years-ago-11561943376?mod=rsswn) rather than innovating (which, as you'll recall, was what Steve Jobs *insisted on*, for better or worse). I'm not saying that other computer manufacturers don't have design failures, but I am saying that thanks to the Cult of Mac, Apple is not being held accountable for their mistakes. As a result, they keep making them, but also, don't fix the old problems. Their stock price is doing just fine, and Apple evangelicals continue to worship a company that is abusing them. When you asked "What specifically did apple do to earn [this reputation]", a user in this thread said "Nothing, it’s probably there because people don’t like it," as he buys another $3,000 laptop and $300 warranty plan for when the logic board literally cooks itself to death in the next year. At least he'll look trendy lining up for that $1500 repair of a documented issue that is excluded from the extended warranty he bought. In a sense, he's right. Apple did 'nothing' to earn this reputation. They did nothing to fix the RSD issue in the early 2000s, they did nothing to fix the thermal paste issue, they did nothing fix the capacitors and board manufacturing problems, they didn't fix the screen support or dust filter problems. They did, however, begrudgingly issue a voluntary warranty recall on the butterfly keyboard... excluding many of the [affected computers](https://www.wsj.com/articles/apple-changes-macbook-butterfly-keyboard-after-user-complaints-11558458029), until regulatory bodies stepped in.
I'd recommend the [IRS W4 Calculator](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/tax-withholding-estimator). Tipped jobs are challenging because there are good weeks and bad weeks, so figure out what an 'average' week is waiting tables. The gist is that you claim fewer exemptions to account for additional taxes you'll need to pay (your number on the W4 form will be smaller). I, too, work two jobs (one W2 and one 1099 so no tax is withheld) and end up using an Additional Withholding to give myself a comfortable safety buffer. Even with variance I end up not owing tax, because owing the gooberment is a bigger pill for me to swallow than a small interest-free loan to the government. &gt; I’ll probably hit the next bracket. Just a reminder, only the income above this threshold will be taxed at the next rate. The 'next' tax bracket is $84,200 so most of your income at the second job will be taxed (federally) at 22%. If you do make more, only the $84,200+ portion will be taxed at 24%.
Quick answer: this CPU (8c/8t) is roughly equivalent to a [R7 3700x](https://smile.amazon.com/AMD-Ryzen-3700X-16-Thread-Processor/dp/B07SXMZLPK) in terms of price, but the 3700x is 8 core/16t. The 9700k is 8c/8t so the AMD 3700x will significantly outperform this in multicore (renders, productivity, etc) but the 9700k will *likely* be faster in gaming. [LogicalIncrements](https://www.logicalincrements.com/) may help. Alternatively, you can just type '9700k vs AMD _____' into the google search bar and it will autofill the most competitive processor. Long answer: There are a ton of factors that go into this, but generally price point will be your driving factor. The naming schema line up within the lineage. Both consumer lines are basically 3, 5, 7, 9, with a bigger number being better (and therefore more expensive): Intel | AMD -----|--- Core i3 | Ryzen 3 Core i5 | Ryzen 5 Core i7 | Ryzen 7 Core i9 | Ryzen 9 For both Intel and AMD, the first number in the processor model is the generation. So this is **9**700k, which means it's a 9th gen. The equivalent CPU is probably the **3**700x, meaning that's a 3rd gen Ryzen processor. The next number is it's family. So this is an i7 (9**7**00k). The equivalent number is a 3700x, also a Ryzen 7. The last two numbers usually specify half steps, upgrades, revisions, etc. Eg the 3950x is a newer processor released a bit after the 3900x. Finally, the letter: k in intel means it's overclockable/unlocked. They will also have a slightly higher stock clock than a non-k. k processors do not come with a CPU cooler. All Ryzen chips are unlocked/overclockable, so a x designation means it's a higher-binned chip (it performs better) so are worth a bit more. Generally, the i5 9400 and Ryzen 3600 are comparable, the i5 9600k and the 3600x are comparable, and the Ryzen 3700x and the 9700k are comparable. **Generally**, AMD processors will be significantly better at multicore and Intel will be a touch better at gaming. Remember that Intel's 8th gen had a big core count bump and are a bit older, so you can sometimes find a good deal. Ryzen 3-series is current but AMD is still selling 2nd gen so sometimes a good deal on a 2700x would be a better option than an equivalently priced 3600 (if you need the cores).
My newest build (on this motherboard, actually) flashes white the first time you click the power button after you cut the power at the PSU. Terrifying.
You should be good. Make sure the new phone supports the SIM and go!
If you have many chrome tabs open (more than your RAM allows), it will slow you down. If you launch task manager (Ctrl + shift + esc), what does it say is your usage under the Memory tab?
I believe that specific type of pin is called a 4-pin DIN. Make sure to grab one that is compatible with your 32V @ 1.5a or 18v @ 2.5a requirements. You can usually contact the manufacturer, too.
While your build is budget, it has the advantage of being new and well-rounded. **Do you have a Solid State Drive?** If not, that's the first thing I'd recommend. You won't even believe it's the same machine. The PSU will likely power anything you put in it within reason, so you can use it as your heart desires. Presumably it would power a 1660 S or ti as well. The Ryzen 1600 is a great chip and would handle gaming OK when paired with that card, though I would eventually want to upgrade that if you're buying a nice card. The RAM is probably 2400 mhz (2x1200 in dual channel = 2400 MHz) which is fine. Do you know enough about computers to tell whether you have XMP enabled in BIOS, or are you comfortable physically looking at the sticks to see what they're rated for? (2400 MHz is the default DDR4 frequency. You can overclock RAM very easily using XMP, which is a profile saved to the RAM stick itself that says "hey, I'm rated to 3000 MHz, use these timings!"). That will have a big effect on gaming speeds. If you are upgrading, the 16 GB might get in the way of video rendering before too long. So for me, 1) SSD (if you don't already have one) 2) RAM 3) GPU
You're welcome to check your contract - generally the 'upgrade fee' is coming from the cell phone company selling you the phone. If you buy it online (eg, I bought my S10e from Amazon's refurbishment program - 90 day same as new warranty and I returned a S9 after having issues with the headphone jack), you own the phone. Generally, your contract is with AT&amp;T to provide data &amp; voice to your *line*, and your SIM is your line.
Great, that answers those questions. If you're in the US, SSDs are [pretty cheap](https://www.amazon.com/Kingston-240GB-Solid-SA400S37-240G/dp/B01N5IB20Q/) (I've only had one of those drives, and it was fine to me. I've also used the PNY equivalent for the same price). I cannot emphasize how much *better* it makes the general experience of using Windows. Also, please ignore my comments about XMP - your motherboard doesn't support it. (It's Xtreme Memory Profile, a system where the RAM tells the motherboard what timings to use - that is, how frequently, and how much electricity, to send requests with). Really, you could upgrade each piece of your rig and be better off. I think the GPU would be great, but then the CPU/RAM would be a limiter.
I know I'm grave digging but found this thread for a different issue. I got a Lancool 205 open box for $45 from Microcenter as a cheap build but ended up [switching my main build into it](https://i.imgur.com/F0ilH4O.jpg). Funny enough I had the same issue the OP did - I couldn't find the accessories pouch (screws) because they were tucked away in the HDD slot under the shroud. I found them after using the extra screws from my old H500. That said, I have a couple of comments that mirror t3chn4sty: - I'm surprised at how flimsy some metal is. For example, the pieces of metal between the PICe openings is really, really thin. It seems OK but I've got a Strix 1080 ti in there, which is like a 4 lb card, so I want it to be sturdy. It's OK but not overwhelming. - I didn't experience the sharpness. - It seems versatile, but some of the solutions are over-engineered. Eg, The top radiator / fan mount slides about 0.5" forward and then pops down, which likely causes the rattling mentioned. The H500 solution is much better (same sort of frame, but it just fits in with case screws to hold it sturdy). - Build quality seems moderate but not as high as the H500i I've used. I think airflow is better on this one, but only marginally (top opening in radiator). I haven't used a Meshify C but I've heard they're kind of the gold standard in midtower cases. - Speaking of the top radiator, the dust covers are actually quite nice. Very smooth edges, feel nice a nice build. Magnetic. - The fans seem to be OK - quieter at low speeds than the NZXT but much louder at max. Feel like they're moving a lot of air. Temps improved a bit on mine - 9900k running at base clock @ 100% was about 58-60 degrees, but are now 55-56 on the Lancool. - It took some maneuvering to get my 750w EVGA ATX PSU in the slot - there is a lip on the shroud that means you have to maneuver the PSU a little bit (PIVOT! PIVOOOOT!). The 650 I had in there originally was fine (not as deep so fit through the opening in the lip). * Paint is good, hole and screw assembly fine. Microcenter has these on sale for $70 since the updated version (Lancool II) will be [releasing a week from today](https://www.newegg.com/black-lian-li-lancool-ii-atx-desktop/p/2AM-000Z-00053?). (Microcenter has H510s for $2 more). It's a good case and I like the build overall. I would recommend the H500i over it *barely* unless you've got a radiator (I've got a 280mm AIO). For the price I paid, you can't beat it, but for the price it retails for ($100+) you're better off with a more mainstream case - the Meshify and H510 are the so common for a reason.
I recently got the variant: "I pay your salary!" No you don't. The company does, to protect their interests, which include preventing you from commiting a felony and putting their name on it.
"Only God can judge me." See, that's simply not true. I'm judging the shit out of you and you're an idiot.
In their defense - roughly 10% of the people actually called fascists or racists on Reddit actually are fascists or racists. There was a post not too long ago about a pit bull attacking a child (I think?) and someone made a reference to a literal neo-Nazi web comic that implies black people violent by nature, like dogs. It had 250+ upvotes. So yeah, literal racist.
The unchecked manipulation and advertisement. There's a reason Russian shills were paid to post on reddit. Repeated, subconscious exposure to the same topic cause a perception of consensus. There's so much vote manipulation, crazy shit going on with a certain power user, or front page posts with "My Nest™ doorbell camera captured this adorable video!" or "I just got an Alexa for Christmas, look at this funny thing it did!" On a much smaller, less conspiracy level, there is a user who just spams the newest local newspaper article to my local subreddit, three times a day, five days a week. No commentary - just trying to drive clicks.
Reddit is just the next big, free advertising platform. There's an account that spams the newest article from a semi-local newspaper to my local sub and every sub that's even tangentially related. Three times a day, five days a week. Gotta get those clicks. Any time someone calls him out, the four shadow accounts attack the person and rain downvotes. "Sounds like you don't care about [specific issue]!" No... I attacked your posting habits, not the politicized topic.
Yes please. I started talking about an emergency fund to my parents (literally the first rule of PersonalFinance) and they looked at me like I had three heads. That said, you can't budget your way out of poverty. There is a limit to how far minimum wage can be stretched. Poverty is indicative of lack of a support system or a safety net - if your parents were poor, you likely won't ever have a safety net.
&gt; "wait, I'm one job loss away from poverty...nvm" If it makes you feel any better, that's true for about 2/3rds of Americans. 61% of us wouldn't have savings to [cover a $1,000 emergency](https://www.bankrate.com/banking/savings/financial-security-0118/).
Reminds me of [this post](https://np.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/bdfqm4/the_real_reason_boeings_new_plane_crashed_twice/ekyyd9g/) by a frustrated ex-Boeing engineer.
These were likely a [SCUD variant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qiam_1). There are multiple ways to take down a SCUD, usually a PATRIOT or THAAD, but I doubt either of those were present. I know that the US has not sold PATRIOT systems to Iraq. These sorts of missiles are really hard to hit. They're fast, they're "small", and they're specifically designed- for example, they don't have fins to minimize radar profile.
I once mountain biked with a WT rider. I had a 200watt ebike; he had a regular XC bike. We went the same speed. He beat me on the downhills, by a lot.
Great point. I didn't mean to downplay that these were 'regular' rockets - I'm sure that didn't matter to the men in the base. I'm trying to point out that the language we use controls the narrative - for example, "Iran launches ballistic missiles against US troops" is a different story than "US Launches Airstrikes, Iran Retaliates Against Iraqi Military Base".
&gt; Give it to Spain, France, etc. Why? That's a serious question - what happens to Iran if they don't release the flight logs? Iran is holding all the cards right now. It's their airspace, it's their investigation, it's their citizens ('cept for the Canadians), it's their evidence. If they did shoot the plane down by accident, then they also control the AA guns/missiles, etc. If they did want to hide it, they can and will. It's on other people to prove that they did shoot it down. And what happens if they don't release info? Nothing. They're already being accused of it by everyone under the sun, including the US and Israeli government and media. What, will they get sanctioned more than they are for ... *checks notes* [building a nuclear bomb](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-51001167)? But what about if they *didn't* shoot it down? In the most tragic timing, a flock of birds decided to fly in front of it the same night Iran bombed an American/Iraqi military base. Then Iran can release that information at a time that isn't *twelve hours after the accident* to a country they're *not at war with.*
The plural of anecdote is not evidence.
This is not the first time someone has said that [30%+ of healthcare costs are administrative](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/16/upshot/costs-health-care-us.html). I've found several articles that say [Medicare is about 3-5%](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/19/medicare-private-insurance-and-administrative-costs-a-democratic-talking-point/) and is "wasteful" according to politicians. I've worked in medicine for a decade. I see this cost baked in - every doctor basically has their own, dedicated billing/insurance person. Patients cover the costs of insurance trying to argue their way out of paying costs. The other side of the coin is that insurance will often cap their negotiated rates on reimbursement. For example, Aetna is notorious for reimbursing poorly. It doesn't matter what the list drug of a price is - Aetna, BCBS, Medicare, all use their weight to say "Cool, your list is $x,000. We're paying you $xxx or you're out-of-network." So when someone says "How will we pay for socialized medicine?!" simply respond with the truth: [it would be cheaper than our current system](https://www.mercatus.org/system/files/blahous-costs-medicare-mercatus-working-paper-v1_1.pdf).
The company you sell it to will issue you a 1099, likely. You'll then file that with your taxes - expect to pay about 20-30% taxes on that money. There is an exemption for income from hobbies, but generally the dividing line is whether you make a profit on it. Sounds like this wouldn't qualify.
Re-read the agreement you signed that specified the $2,000 lump sum. They might say that you are responsible for a prorated amount, for example, or that you won't have to pay after __ months. Or, the agreement might not mention it at all. I can't speak to the tax assistance, but the agreement might. That might be a reasonable ask.
If you're eligible, and that's a big ask, it might work. The challenge is that you can't usually pay off a bank account with a credit card. Banks in the US have a rule (eg Chase) usually have verbiage that says "you can't use this balance transfer on another account with our bank".
[Our formal advice](https://www.reddit.com//r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) is that there's nothing a financial adviser can do for you that you can't do for yourself. Unless you've got a complex financial situation, it doesn't make a lot of sense.
You're overthinking it a bit - the best way to make payments is just to pay minimums and then any overpayment to the highest interest rate first. If there are multiple accounts with the same interest rate, it doesn't matter how you pay them. Paying them all in proportion to their percentage of total will mean they all pay off at the same time, which gives you the most credit history without costing any extra.
5 - Blame Do-Nothing Democrats.
And all for the low, low price of Iran [developing nuclear weapons](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-51001167). The original nuclear deal was actually a big deal (heh) because it stopped a fringe power that was reportedly within 6 months of developing a weaponized nuke, from having them. More importantly, it appeared that, until Trump took office and revoked Obama's agreement, Iran was actually keeping up their end of not pursing nukes. So for us, this is really one step forward, two steps back (if Trump does, indeed, maintain an uneasy peace).
The downside is that he is gambling with money that isn't his. If you don't understand that, you absolutely should NOT be investing on margin.
You're misrepresenting what the JCPOA did: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joint_Comprehensive_Plan_of_Action#Sanctions &gt; Once sanctions are lifted, Iran will recover approximately $100 billion of its assets (U.S. Treasury Department estimate) frozen in overseas banks.[106] The deal allowed Iran to recover frozen assets from banks around the world. That's literally was the deal was - give Iran a spot at the world economic table by lifting sanctions, in exchange for them not pursing nuclear weapons. Iran accounted that they would be [restarting nuclear research](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-iran-actions/iran-to-restart-some-nuclear-activity-in-response-to-us-withdrawal-from-nuclear-deal-idUSKCN1SC1FP) when Trump withdrew from the deal, and Iran already has the money... so, the US loses on all counts.
Most of Gunbarrel sounds like what you've described. Also great would be Louisville (bit pricier), Longmont (less mountains but good town). If you want more suburban, Lafayette/Westminster are nearby. One thing you didn't mention is commute - lots of people in the L-towns (Longmont, Lafayette, Louisville, Lyons) commute into Boulder. Definitely consider that as peak traffic can double or triple a drive time.
The last post from this intellectual was about suing the City of Boulder over the sweet drink tax: &gt; So boulder has a tax on sugar.... and I get charged it every time I buy a fountain drink even tho I opt for the sugar free version or unsweetened tea.... Is this something I can sue for? What would I need 2 do? Before that [was this gem](https://www.reddit.com/r/glassblowing/comments/cjqq7z/i_honestly_have_wondered_about_this_question/ew3zml5/) on why he can't travel to Canada: : &gt; Please it cost like a hundred bucks 2 drive 2 Canada im a felon for assault and battery, resisting arrest, assaulting a police officer. Aggravated assault... my crimes were violent but not sexual.... im not scared of a fight especially from some Australian pussy. come on meet me in NY just take the airtrain from JFK to Jamaica queens.... we can fight right at the train station i can do another year for putting an Australian bigmouth in the hospital... cuz i know your gonna snitch... come on big tough guy.... meet me in queens bring your gopro
Rumors have it it was a [SCUD variant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qiam_1) which is a copy of a North Korean missile which was copied from the Soviets. Wikipedia says 500m accuracy but seeing how both images were squarely in the middle of a building, I would say it's higher than that. Also I would've assumed that 1650 lbs of high explosive would've done more damage, but I'm not an rocket surgeon.
I presume ROTH would be better as your tax rate would be higher when you withdraw, so you want to pay tax upfront.
Your math is sound but your logic has a hole: The larger loan accrues more interest per month because it's a bigger principal (it's more money accruing less interest per dollar). Since you have a limited amount of money, you want to do the most with it. Paying off the higher interest rate saves you the most money right now per dollar you do have. If you pay $200 of a 5.75% principal, it saves you 95 cents in interest a month. If you pay $200 of a 5.25% principal, it saves you 87.5 cents in interest a month. Next month, that $0.95 will go to principal rather than interest, which costs you less interest next month, which saves even more money next month (compounding interest).
Sounds like you use credit cards differently than how most people here try to. The personfinance advice is to never carry a balance. As long as they don't have an annual fee, leave em open, set up auto pay for the one time every six months you use them to keep them open. Or cancel 'em. It'll shorten your average age of accounts but Chase will let you reopen cards after a couple of years.
Selling a tiny home is really, really hard. The market is a tiny (heh) fraction of the regular-home market. In my area, they're also dis-proportionally expensive as the government has a significant set of regulation on them (ie, they're basically mobile homes, so they have to meet requirements on power, sewer, water, and electricity). If you can get it done, go for it - but you need to have a good understanding of what that consists of.
Anything above 760 gets the same rate. Paying off the car will free up some cash in your monthly budget meaning you might be approved more readily.
I did this approach. The key is guaranteed transfer classes and planning. My CC classes were guaranteed to transfer to any local state school. Eg, Bio 1 is going to be the same at every college. Also, save your syllabusses - counselors will use this to verify that classes fulfill requirements if there's ever a question. If you put in an extra ten minutes of work per semester to align your classes to your ultimate degree, you will save yourself a semester or two of extra classes and tens of thousands of dollars. For example, most schools have a [General Education requirement](https://www.colorado.edu/artsandsciences/undergraduate/degree-requirements/general-education-requirements), sometimes called core classes, that every student has to take. If you check that your classes will meet those requirements, you will help your classes transfer.
Why do they want a paystub? To confirm employment, or to see your old salary? There are two or three states (California) where asking for old salary info is illegal.
You're always welcome to give them a paystub - and blank out the numbers. :)
My credit union did the same - there's not much difference. Effectively, both are a prequalification where you bring a letter to the letter to show you don't need financing. Don't write off dealership financing *entirely*. Some lenders will do ~2% financing or occasionally 0% (Honda). No reason not to use that if you can.
Sorry, just trying to clarify. My roommate has one of these that isn't terribly happy. It occasionally gets soggy, soft leaves - does that mean it's being underwatered?
This guy's twitter has the self-assigned title of "First president of the Manosphere."
[Distractify did a writeup](https://www.distractify.com/p/make-women-great-again-conference) that's excellent. The website says that 'feminism is ruining relationships' and 'ruining women'. I have a problem with that - a feminist is just someone who wants an equal role. In a relationship, that would be someone who wants an equitable partnership. If you're telling me that your girlfriend or wife wanting to be an equal partner in your relationship, your household, your life, your world, and that's *ruining* your relationship - what does that say about you? Maybe the relationship isn't about the two of you. Maybe it's about you and your 'partner' being subservient and making sacrifices for you.
Are you able to see [this image](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/99/d2/1d/99d21da9e6a68f9e82222c727fe1c5d3.jpg)? It's a web comic about the difference between between equality and equity. It sounds like you're discussing that - equal is when the rules are the same, but equitable is when the opportunity for the outcome is the same. That's a subtle difference, but important for any discussion of 'feminism' (which is really equality). Another talking point is affirmative action, for example in schools or hiring situations. Next, how do we define an equal outcome? Say you admit college students based on their test scores. That's an equal measure, right? Well, what if the [tests have significant subjective bias](https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2010/06/21/new-evidence-racial-bias-sat)? Then that system may be equal, but not fair. That is why it's so easy to build strawman arguments: "Are you saying that you want 50% of pro football linemen to be women?!" You nailed it in the last line - it's about having the *option* by hopefully removing or reducing the systemic barrier.
The US Air Force had a device called the Norden bombsight. To make it work, they needed at least 22 inches of “[fine blond hair, which had never been bleached or touched by a hot iron](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/hair-wwii-babnik-norden-bombsight)” It had to do with how the temperature changes in altitude affected different materials. [A woman in Colorado](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Babnik_Brown) gave 34 inches of hair and received multiple commendations including from Reagan and the USAFA.
That smell. You'll never get that smell outta your brain. I get a single whiff of that smell and ten year old memories are brand new again. Sorry to hear it. Hope insurance follows through.
&gt; I want clean air. I want clear water. I want the cleanest air with the cleanest water. Jesus. He parodies himself better than anything I could ever write.
We're all in agreement that there's very few ways to use this that would be safe, right?
Hah, there's these people in every industry. I worked at a bicycle shop in college. People would come in and ask for: * the lightest bike * that is super stiff (stiff adds weight) * that is also super aero (aero adds weight) * that is also capable of going offroad * has tons of suspension * that is also like 12 lbs * and has super fast tires * that are so really tough * Absolutely top of the line parts * for $300. They're all contradictory, and then want to pay 10% of what a nice bike costs.
I build computers as a hobby. I wouldn't even call it a side gig because I really don't make money on it. The number of guys who are like "Well I know someone who can get it for me for less!" or "I saw on on craigslist for $200 cheaper!" are easy to deal with: **Buy it from them, then.** There's always some excuse of "well, they already sold out," Or my favorite ever: "Well your work is better." YEAH. THAT'S WHY I CHARGE THE PRICE I DO. I did get "but this is fun for you, so you should do it for free." This is basically at cost, so you're asking *me* to pay *you* to do my job. Nope.
That's about right. Unfortunately, bikes are one of those things where utility doesn't line up with price. You can buy a cheap used bike for $200 or so, but it costs $250 to pay someone to work on it. The issue is really just the cost of labor - most shops I know charge $50 / hr for labor ($20 to their mechanic and the rest to overhead). Bikes themselves are ridiculously priced. A super-nice bike will approach $10,000, so paying someone a few hundred dollars to work on it makes sense. When the bike is a beater commuter, that doesn't make as much sense. See if you can find a youtube video on how to replace them - normally the brakes themselves don't go bad, just the pads. The cables can just be crap, too, but those take some tools to replace.
Hah, some guy literally called the cops on me because his cat peed on a laptop I sold him on craigslist. Six months later. He demanded I give him a replacement, free of charge, because I had said "let me know if you have problems with it." He literally called 9-1-1. I know because a cop called a week later and asked what I knew about a guy claiming I'd "scammed him out of $400". I sent the cop the texts and he seemed satisfied.
Worse. I live in Colorado - it's where Californians move when they get tired of affordable housing. But also, I'm talking about high-end bikes. You'll be laughed out of most shops with a budget below $600 - $800 or so and average retail is probably closer to $2500 or $3000.
I don't do it frequently - mostly just trying to get friends into the #pcmasterrace. But I end up with a lot of parts left over and usually it's easier to sell a complete PC than a bundle of parts. Agreed, corporate is way better. The first time I submitted an invoice for $10,000 for a few machines and they said "Why are you going cheap?", I knew I was in the right place. Corporate companies know that the cost of restoring the data off a cheap SSD or crashing software because they don't have enough RAM is less than just buying the good stuff.
Ha, I'm exaggerating a bit, but [not by much](https://www.dailycamera.com/2016/07/14/cost-of-average-home-in-boulder-surpasses-1-million/).
Haha, there was a ChoosingBeggars not too long ago about someone who was mad that a dude who sold the building/part picking for $200 or so and the beggar was mad he was expected to cover his own parts. Wildly, there is a whole community of people who will help you pick parts for a custom build: /r/buildapc. They will literally pick the cheapest vendors *and include links* and check compatibility and recommend... all for free. A brick and mortar shop charges like $200 for that *and* they charge markup and to build.
I recently had a new bike delivered to work because UPS requires a signature at my house. I paid $4,000, but that model retails for $9900. My two-up manager saw the box and asked what it was. I explained it was new bike, and we got into a conversation, where inevitably: &gt; Me: "This is the bike I've wanted for a while and I got a great deal on it, so I'm stoked." &gt; Him: "What's a bike like that go for?" &gt; Me: "Uh.... This one retails for about ten grand." &gt; Him: **silence** &gt; Me: "But I paid way less than that!" And that's why I won't be getting a bonus this year.
&gt; no way!! other club is ghetto/dangerous/doesn’t have attractive dancers "So now you know why we charge what we charge." Cept, you know, said with bedroom eyes.
I use Google Voice. It's free and you can choose your own number so mine is only a few digits off of my regular number. Plus, I can screen calls based on time of day. There's just too many low effort scammers on CL.
I feel like there has to be a better memorial than Archer, ... [what, you finally nailed YYZ?](https://youtu.be/sBJO3Zj-Sv0?t=16).
For the uninitiated: https://youtu.be/sBJO3Zj-Sv0?t=15
I think [this puppy from earlier is in the running.](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/emqh05/id_like_1_more_jerky_treat_please/)
One problem with prebuilts is, unfortunately, quality. They tend to use lower-quality non-title items (PSU, mobo, certainly case fans, etc) and then the person putting it together may not be super knowledgeable. For example, I've worked on two prebuilts (one HP, one Overpowered) that still had a sticker between the CPU cooler and CPU lid. (for those wondering, it's the #1 most embarrassing mistake of building a PC). Certain companies (not to pick on Alienware, but they're the worst offender) build great speced machines and then cheap out on parts like PSU which, if they fail, [bring the whole machine with them](https://i.imgur.com/y6orI3p.jpg). As for warranty, most parts will come with a good warranty. Hit me up when you want to build your next PC, or head over to /r/buildapcsales. I think we can build you a killer machine for much cheaper than a prebuilt, and it's actually lot of fun. And because I already typed up so much, the actual build is really simple. Twenty minutes of youtube videos and you're probably good. Two rules: 1) don't force anything, and 2) don't be in a hurry. Thanks for the comment!
I built a PC for my brother, and then my roommate, and then my brother's friend, and then my roommate's friend. I mentioned that in passing to a company I was consulting with and they asked if I would be able to build a few workstations for them on the cheap. I did that, and a few years later they're super happy. Basically word of mouth. The limit for me seems to be about 20-25 individual machines per year. More is too much damn work. I want to build high quality computers without people ripping them off, which is rampant in the corporate world. As I mentioned, entirely for fun but I work pretty hard to do a good job (signed agreements, documented build process, bonded and insured, etc).
Haha, was it Ironman Louisville? They had about 2500 starters in 2018 (I think it was a bit less) but Triathlete estimates the average value of an ironman tri bike to be about $3,000.. So... by my math, that's about $7.5M. It's not unusual to bump into a $10,000 bike in an Ironman corral. Triathletes take themselves seriously. But, remember that money means different things to different people. For example, the average income of a triathlete is $100k+ (seriously). If you have all the money, you'll want the best - equipment, training, coaching. You want to utilize the resources you do have (money) to make up for the things you don't have (time).
St Peter's is many things. It's the largest church in the world, but most importantly, it's beautiful. It's incredible. It's ornate and ostentatious and gawdy and reverent all at the same time. I scheduled a tour through a booking website and turns out I was the only one who booked the second half, so ended up going from a tour group of 15 to a tour group of me and the guide through St Peter's. We spent four hours in this church. I offered to buy her dinner if she'd have some off-the-book conversations about Rome and the city. She was an evangelical ex-nun who had left South America to come to Rome to study as a Mother Superior, and in doing so, left her faith. She truly and honestly believed the Christan dogma, but had become disillusioned with the Church itself. It was funny that she now made her living as a tour guide for the most important church of the Church that she had left. Also remarkable are those statues - those ones on the left are roughly two stories tall. Everything is so. huge.
Man, my dumb ass just bought a Strix 2080 ti from newegg about ten days ago. It was $50 cheaper than Amazon. Of course, it shows up and it screamslike a banshee- louder than all my case fans on max. I tried to do an RMA with Newegg but they won't consider it unless I work with Asus first. I considered doing a return on the card, but of course because I opened and installed it- no go. The hassle was definitely not worth saving $50.
Asus will RMA the card, but I'll get a refurbished card instead of a new card. If I wanted a refurb card, I could have bought one for a couple hundred dollars less than what I paid.
Ooof. Not positive. I literally just got back from selling my old card on Craigslist. Figure being without video games for a couple of things won't be the worst thing for me... doesn't mean I'm not on CL looking for a cheap 1070 or RX 580 to hold me over. ;)
What, you don't want to spend your days in a ghost town, a literal facade without floors or windows? Sweeping the streets and tending the fields with 100 dB loudspeakers extolling the merits of your perfect society for 20 hours a day? All the while, spending every moment of every day seeing why your society is the opposite of perfect? Well, good news, you have no choice! Behind you is possibly the most heavily fortified line of modern artillery the world has ever known, strewn throughout the jungle in a modern day Maginot Line that runs from sea to sea! And in front of you is the same, manned by soldiers who are raised from birth to believe that their enemy literally eats babies. And of course, in front of them, is a four-mile-wide swath of the most-heavily landmined area on earth! Don't worry, all you have to do is sweep your street and wash your buildings without windows and replace the electric lightbulbs in your empty, floorless buildings. And don't mention the fact that your village didn't have any lightbulbs, because if you dare question the perfection of this, three generations of your family will be forced into a work camp to die of exhaustion and malnutrition!
A) because it's TV. B) because a 6 month journey with an Epstein drive is 3 months of acceleration and 3 months of deceleration (flip and burn). Presumably the asteroids are heavy, so you need a large ship with a large drive to accelerate them. Also remember that the way ships find each other is by transponders (which can be turned off) and **drive plumes**, which according to cannon put off large amounts of heat &amp; radiation. If they wanted to accelerate the asteroids to an extreme speed, they would need to spend a huge amount of time accelerating with a large engine, which increases their risks of being identified. Also, it covers a lot of ground during that time, presumably bringing them closer to the target every day, making them more likely to be discovered. Then there's the issue that those people have to return to their normal lives, which means they have to decelerate, which will take roughly as long as to accelerate. Since the ship has less mass without the asteroids, it can decelerate more quickly, but the humans can only handle x number of Gs of sustained braking (likely 0.6 or 0.7 G for Belters).
"I'll do this bad thing and say it's the liberals' fault" is remarkably on-brand for these guys.
From a budget perspective, my rule for PCs is simple: unless I need it now, I pass. Over any moderate period of time, equipment will always get cheaper as time passes (excluding things like the RAM and graphics card crises of 2017). PC components lose their value really, really quickly. It's an entire industry centered around the time-value of your equipment (and therefore, your money). Think about: say you wanted to buy a 9900k. You could go out and spend $500 on it today, or you could wait ten years and buy it for $50. Which is a better price? Obviously $50. But you're clearly not going to do that - because at that point, the chip has very little value. So the fact that value declines to basically zero so quickly means that timing is important - and therefore, if you don't need it *right this moment*, you'll get a better deal or more for your money later. The whole industry guarantees it. If you're an enthusiast who's willing to sink money with limited returns (said shamefully, trust me), then that rule goes out the window because you aren't buying rationally.
I gave that some thought and I reasoned that it must've been $60 in modern money. I remember thinking the sign was installed in the late 2000s, so that's still a fair bit less than today.
North Table is way more fun that it has any right to be. I enjoy it so much. Also. "Green" "Mountain". It's really neither...
Come visit. It's just west of Denver, but I'd wait a few months until all the trails are rideable.
Agreed - the books handled it better, but alas, that's the downside of TV storytelling. It's really a shame because **Spoiler S03+, Books 4+:** &gt;!it becomes a big theme during the books. When the Ring opens up new worlds, the Belters' journey parallels the Mormon trip to Zion - new promised land, enemies trying to take it from them, dying for their cause.!&lt;
If you want to balance that out, read Krakauer's fantastic *Under the Banner of Heaven*. It is a well-sourced history of the Mormon faith used to tell the story of a modern double-murder by an ultra-fundamentalist family. There's lot of Mormon history I didn't know - including the [Mountain Meadows Massacre](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mountain_Meadows_Massacre) where Mormon militia slaughtered 120 emigrants after promising them safe passage. I picked it up while visiting a friend and think I read the whole thing in about 36 hours. Amazing.
**Spoiler: Books 4+, TV S03+** &gt;!The Mormon journey parallels the Belter journey. Mormons were promised Zion, and the Belter leadership has promised Belters new, habitable worlds for themselves. They are fighting to settle the promised land, and the authorities (Mars and Earth) are refusing to recognize their claim as legitimate, as always. Mormons were hunted and killed in New York, Illinois, and Utah by every government in pursuit of their own Zion. Belters were slaughted everywhere - New Terra/Ilus, Ganymede, Eros, etc. This is a major theme of Season 4.!&lt; &gt;!That's why they make such a point of highlighting the Nauvoo/Behemoth and the religious imagery painted on the bridge by the Mormons before Fred Johnson commandeered it. Belters and Mormons have/had the same journey.!&lt;
Thanks, my history was rusty!
As a longtime cyclist: the laws of physics don't care about the laws of man. Ask all seven pieces of my left hip.
Legal and sensible are two different things. Broadway is not the right place to be riding a bike in traffic. And before you downvote me, I have done a couple of 10,000 mile years on my bike here.
And our [backup backup anthem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUmnTfsY3hI&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=7).
Don't give 'em any ideas...
"I WILL DESTROY ISIS."
So, American capitalism working as planned: company spends less money, makes more profit, and the customer is the one who pays the price... at the cost of their own health.
&gt; Wew, imagine if they started cycling It's a little more complex than that. Your quote mentioned that the right ventricle is enlarged, which makes sense as they're trying to pump peanut butter through their veins. This decreases the flexibility of the heart and should both slow down the heart and mess with how much blood it actually moves (via end diastolic volume per the Frank-Starling mechanism). It can mess with other things, too - valves start failing, blood pressure skyrockets causing what is effectively peripheral artery disease, hormones can get wacky, etc. If I recall properly, the town is also a (lawless) gold mine. I'd bet those individuals are well acclimated to moderate exertion work for extended periods of time, which both explains their physiology and means they're likely trained. I'm not a mining expert, but it'd be interesting to see how the work load is varied but also similar to cycling. If these inhabitants did go to lower altitude, they would eventually lose much of the red blood cell volume when they stopped living and working at 17,300'. It's extremely taxing on the body in terms of calories, nutrients, etc to be producing new RBCs constantly and different combinations are more effective at different altitudes. I think giving some of those inhabitants a bike and seeing what happened would be very interesting, assuming it wouldn't end up with people having heart attacks in their sleep like Belgium in the 60s and 70s.
Ahhh! So THAT's how you subsidize this hobby. Seriously though, saw the video BlueFooted linked. Looks really incredible.
Nope, the computer is worth about that in my area, which is kind of an expensive area for computers. The GTX 1070 ti card is likely worth $250ish, not $1,000.
Curved monitors at 34" are nice for gaming. I have a 15 deg curve and 18 degree curve, and the 18 is WAY better gaming. Something like an FPS allows you to have things out of the corner of your eye.
That's true, but OP doesn't really understand the concept they're trying to post about. There is no missing link - if you were looking for a missing link, you would find many, many intermediate fossils, some of which are more ape and some more human, as [the great Futurama gag reminds us we have done](https://youtu.be/UuIwthoLies?t=39). The point that OP is trying to make is that humans didn't evolve from chimps, but that both humans and chimpanzees (and bonobos) evolved from a *common ancestor* that probably looked a lot like us. So in a 'tree' of life, with chimpanzees and humans (and bonobos) on the top branch, the last common ancestor would all three branch apart.
No, LUCA is a different thing - this explains why bananas and humans share [40% of their DNA](https://science.howstuffworks.com/life/genetic/people-bananas-share-dna.htm). A 'last common ancestor' for chimpanzees and humans (and bonobos!) likely [looked like a gibbon](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/fossil-reveals-what-last-common-ancestor-of-humans-and-apes-looked-liked/).
As the wikipedia article addresses, there is a lot of misconception and half-understanding. There are many [great examples of macroevolution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._coli_long-term_evolution_experiment). Some of them are in the news [pretty regularly](https://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary/news/080401_mrsa).
How do you, personally, tell the difference between a 'hit job' and a 'legitimate criticism of a fraudster'?
The good news is you don't have to [believe in it for it to kill you](https://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary/news/080401_mrsa).
OP didn't explain the concept very well, and sounds like he's confusing two different concepts. I don't blame him - nuance is hard to convey in a post title. The second half about common ancestors is important - humans didn't evolve from a modern chimpanzee. Humans, chimpanzees, and bonobos had a common ancestor. The same as humans don't look exactly like this ancestor, neither would chimps. So saying that we 'evolved from monkeys' loses some nuance. "Missing Link" implies that there is one perfect fossil that is halfway between chimpanzees and humans that would put this to rest forever. As mentioned above, humans evolved from a *common ancestor*, so it wouldn't be half-human, half-chimpanzee. The thing about missing links is that we have them - but we call them [transitional fossils](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_human_evolution#Homo) because it's a more accurate term.
Straight lines can look a little bit strange (eg timelines) but not really. The Dell version of this monitor, the Dell 3415, has a gentler curve but has phenomenal color accuracy. Supposedly this Alienware should have the same panel but the blacks/greys are muted, closer to a TN panel. My high-refresh Samsung has the same problem.
Oh man. iTunes has had a long and storied history of cockups. Remember when they pushed an update to iTunes that automatically converted all of your music to AAC and deleted the originals? Without warning or prompting? This was a big deal for dudes with huge lossless libraries, often terabytes of data, because you didn't get any say in what quality it recorded it (it defaulted to 192 kbps) before it did this. Or when Apple Music would scan your local music, find duplicates on the cloud, and then delete your copy off your local storage? And if you discontinued Apple Music, your original files stayed gone? I do.
I think you get the point he's trying to make, but Apple is reportedly taking a huge step to no longer being a computer company (eg, mobile devices only) when they [switch to ARM architecture](https://www.tomshardware.com/news/apple-mac-arm-cpus-2020-intel,38668.html) this year. So then, in a literal sense, even their computers will be iPads with keyboards.
I think it's overly generous to call Apple 'privacy minded'. They developed and build the Beacon bluetooth standard [that is used to track your physical location](https://developer.apple.com/ibeacon/). (That's why your bluetooth doesn't stay off for more than 24 hours). The T&amp;C on iMessage are also pretty worrisome - specifically, Apple is allowed to harvest that information for big data and (explicitly) advertising. People are worried about Facebook listening to their conversations when they are literally sending their conversations to Apple to send to their friends.
If you knew about it before it did it, sure. But by the time I figured it out and Googled it, more than half of my library had been converted to AAC. The update pushed out automatically. Apple Software Update, bundled with iTunes, made sure everyone got the new update with the changed recording settings.
My cam caught footage of an accident where two opposing cars tried to push a yellow. The at-fault driver was panicking because he'd had his license 2 weeks and had a ton of paraphernalia in the car. He kept saying "I'm so effed, I'm so effed" and the *other driver* was like "Dude, throw it in the bushes. You're fine."
Florida's wild. I was visiting some friends over New Year's in Miami Beach last year. I was cruising along in the right lane and someone came from the other side. They shot the gap, missed, got clipped and slid into the car to my left. The car that caused the accident was a Lamborghini and I suspect the gal in it was a prostitute. The driver seemed totally sober (and ok). Earlier in that drive, someone had been driving down I-95 the wrong way. Florida man, man.
I know this is reddit so no one reads the article, but... click it, just for the picture of the condoms. They're exceptional.
We do, but we also get tons of sunshine. Sun is worth about 1000 w per square meter. Also, the mountains affect how much snow places get. It's possible for one one area to get 2 feet and the area one ridgeline over to only get a few inches. Three days before Thanksgiving, boulder got 22 inches, Denver got 12, and the springs got 6.
[Here you go!](https://i.imgur.com/QRp2kBh.png)
No, they can't. They don't own the car yet. If they did auction it, they would be selling a car they don't own. Call your adjuster and explain that the car is missing and you're worried they might be about to sell something they have no title to.
I don't have much to add besides a link to the /r/financialindependence subreddit. The refi on $900k seems like a nobrainer with your assets.
It's a negotiation. Ask the new job how much wiggle room they have and explain that you can't even consider it for a pay cut. Show them that they are way under market for the area. Also, I'd say temper your expectations and come to peace with the reality that they may simply not be ready to pay you that much. Don't take it personally - it's business. They're trying to get the best person for the lowest price, and you're trying to get the best pay.
Judging from the fact that there are no brake levers (and the owner is a bike messenger), I'd bet this bike is a fixed gear. It means that there's no coasting and the way you slow down is by pulling up on the pedals, the opposite of pushing down. I volunteered in a hospital and tons of homeless dudes would come in with shin lacerations, broken collar bones, or broken hands saying that they tried to ride a bike and didn't realize it was fixed. Some of them flat out said they were trying to steal it. Guess it's the bicycle version of a manual transmission deterring theft.
This is a conversation I have frequently, but the version I use is "so does bleach".
That's because there's a general misunderstanding of what cancer is and therefore how we'll 'cure' it. Cancer is not one disease. It's literally thousands of different causes, symptoms, manifestations, all called the same disease. It's so obviously so much more than that. Second is how cancer develops. It's not one accident, oh no you have cancer. There are many cancer-ish cells that form in a normal organism every day, but safety measures such as apoptosis and p53 tumor suppression keep cells from becoming cancerous. With that in mind, the important thing to remember is that cancer will not be 'cured' in a Eureka! moment. It will be cured like this: single steps, taken one after another, that build upon each other to create treatment protocols for specific known cancers. There will be some big leaps, sure, but those are going to be few and far between. Maybe this is one - I truly hope it is. But even if it is, you don't hear about it. What happens that that a loved one, your aunt or grandma goes into Sloan-Kettering or Dana Farber and gets told *"There's this new treatment..."* And your loved one signs up, and is signs stacks and stacks of paperwork and goes through a battery of tests and they do the treatment. And it works, in this case. The numbers are looking good, for now. And your loved one is cautiously optimistic, because cancer can never be 'cured' in an individual - it can only be beaten into remission. So yeah, maybe we won't hear about it in the news, but hopefully we will hear *less* about everything cancer related.
Fantastic. Didn't know that tool existed. Assuming this is all for video editing / creation of some sort?
2 x 49", 5120x2880 of browsing reddit.
The H510 is just really, really well designed. The front fan mounts are actually a tray so you can mount your fans or radiator outside the case, then insert the whole thing into the case. Clean and easy, even with a 240 mm radiator on there. The window is also brilliant - it has a hinge that is somehow both secure and simple. My one complaint is the lack of a radiator grille on the top, so you have to mount radiators on the front. So while it seems obvious, there's a lot of thought and refinement that's gone into it. It's silly easy to build into.
Coloradan here: Smoking weed is not a personality.
Not having a passion or an interest. I call it having a Netflix personality. Oh, you like to ... Watch Netflix? What else? Not ragging on TV fans, by the way. You're allowed to be interested in it, but you actually have to exert energy on it. Learn about the trivia or cinematography. Humans aren't desired to veg. Our brains can't live like that.
I have a close friend who is a painfully practical guy. Zero ego, and practical almost to a fault. His car died a few years ago and he bought an $800 Honda Civic. Grandma owned, flawless maintenance records, needed brakes and tires. It's been perfect for him. He left our company a few years ago to start freelancing. He's spent most of that time as an architect for one of Google's major projects. We had dinner last month with some old company friends and I invited him. One of the managers offered to "pull some strings" since he "seemed to be down on his luck." Earlier in the conversation before manager arrived, the friend had shared that he was planning to buy a house in cash from the bonus he'd just received. Only a fool judges someone on their car.
Subject: "Personal matter" Hmmm, if it's so personal, why we having meetings about it, Dick?
The lawsuit doesn't go anywhere. Hillary's legal team sends in a motion to dismiss (eg, "Here is exactly what was said, it doesn't meet the requirement for defamation, plz dismiss oh and pay attorneys' fees"). Anyone know whether Tulsi can write this off as a campaign fundraising expense? (half-joking)
Hah! Yang is polling at 4% so....
I worked remotely for a company also based out of Rochester. Everyone talks about "Eastman" and their shutdown as a turning point in their family - either their family stayed and struggled or they left and returned later. My company was a start-up that prospered for almost 20 years before being bought out. The CEO was a Rochesterite who spent his entire career investing in local companies - our 401(k)s were ridiculously expensive and robbed us of a lot of money because while we'd have 20% more growth with Vanguard, this one was a local company. The CEO was gutted when he sold the company and they immediately laid off half of his staff, including about 100 Rochesterians. Well, as gutted as you could be with many tens of millions of dollars in your bank account. But as soon as you guys get a direct flight from anywhere besides Chicago or DC, you can start having industry again.
Bought this card from Newegg for $1120 exactly 20 days ago, which means its outside the 14 day 'price protection' window, and of course my credit card cancelled their price protection January 1st. Newegg did offer half of the difference on price protection as a gift card, which is appreciated... except it means I have to shop through them again. They refused to work with me when the card arrived with the worst coil whine I've *ever* heard. Like, my roommates commented on it from the other room *at idle*: "What's that screeching noise?" Newegg Customer Service told me they wouldn't RMA it until I worked with the manufacturer, of course running down the 30 day (from purchase) clock on exchanges on Newegg's side. Honestly, just wait a few days until Amazon's price catches up and buy it from them. Or, as everyone else is saying... new cards go live in June or something.
Mine also had the bug where the 'check engine' light came on whenever you used the key.
Happened to me at my current company as well. I had been with my role about 2 years when sometime tried to recruit me for it - through LinkedIn, which had my current role listed. I got the department name and sent that information to the hiring manager. I think the OP is even worse - sounds like this guy is a couple levels up from an engineer (engineer -&gt; manager -&gt; VP).
INDISPUTABLE. My two-up manager emailed us a screenshot of him getting recruited to work as a shift lead at Chipotle (minimum wage + $0.50). He has an MBA, 25 years experience, and is a director at a $50 bn dollar company.
Just like Obama not lifting a finger to stop 9/11! (I fact checked that one. It's true.)
That top comment from "45cultist" is wild: "Why is not being stopped at its source? @BarackObama does not want it stopped...like #ISIS" I was unaware the president of the United States had the ability to stop a viral outbreak in another country, especially considering the vaccine wasn't available until 2019. Now that I know the Prez can just Thanos a disease out of existence, it does seem pretty cruel that Obama let all those people die. #sad
[Shoulda nuked it](https://twitter.com/benshapiro/status/1166029272147877888?lang=en).
My dad bought a Apple Macintosh in 1984 for $2,500. That's $6,100 in today's money. He balked when he saw the cost of my 2080 ti- and then he played Metro Exodus in 4k. This is a man who waited in line for Pong and still has a running Atari 2600.
Nicer cases just come with a [pre-built plug](https://np.reddit.com/r/NZXT/comments/9rtbja/what_do_i_do_with_these_2_front_panel_connectors/) that looks like the HD Audio plug but is all the Front Panel: power switch +/-, power LED, and HDD. The H510 has one. Nicer mobos have the opposite- you pre thread all the little cords into the connector and then push it onto the Mobo. My Asus Strix and Gigabyte Aorus Master have had them.
Agreed that you have another issue that is not cooler related. The two most common are that the cooler isn't making good contact with the integrated heat spreader (the metal top of the CPU chip). This can happen if you accidentally [leave on the sticker](https://np.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/esygd1/thanks_to_your_replies_i_managed_to_save_my_build/) that protects that heat sink. Another cause is that there may not be thermal paste applied properly. Some people put on too much or not at all. A third issue may be that the two components (the heat spreader and the cooler base) may not be touching - this can happen if a screw isn't tight on the mobo, for example. I'd honestly check for all of that before spending money on a new one. If you are still interested, your budget allows you to buy pretty much any cooler on the market, so the world is your oyster. Really any quality aftermarket cooler will cool a 2700x. Nicer air coolers: * Deepcool Gammax 400 * Scythe Mugen / Fuma * Artic Freezer 34 * H212 Evo Black (if you can find it for $30 or so; a lot of people feel the cost is high for what it is. Also see the comment below- to non-black H212 is EOL and doesn't always include an AM4 mount). For your budget, you could get any cooler you want - the NZXT Kraken M22 will fit most cases and is really nice.
Thanks for the thorough response. I have seen the Focus G and seems to be high bang-for-buck. The Dynamic seems to be positive - ive built in a lian li lancool 205. The Dynamic 011 is gorgeous but... no fans? The Phanteks is a remarkable comment. Gamers Nexus seems to rip cases to shreds (they were NOT pleased with the H510i) so a positive review from them seems valuable. I really do appreciate your feedback. I will look into them!
Actually, the Commander 32/33 looks great as well! I can't tell the difference aside from the front panel but the 2x200mm seems like it would meet my needs. Thanks for the rec.
Dang, I honestly didn't know it was so bad. I just got my RMA back from Asus yesterday and it's a tenth as loud. It's still nosier than any of the cards I've used in recent memory (2x 1070s, 2x 1080 tis, and now these two 2080 tis) but it's at least quiet at idle. EVGA all the way!
Funny you would say that - I just built a machine on a Lancool 205 (which is supposedly version 1.5 of the Lancool). It is a really solid case. I got it for $55 at Microcenter since the Lancool II was just about to come out. It is really intelligently designed. My only complaint is that you're not supposed to mount a radiator directly to the top radiator (fans first, then radiator) because it will deform the sled. Other than that, I'm really happy with it - and the PWM case fans are nice too. I wish they were $60 cases, not $80 cases - the sheet metal just feels more flimsy than it should.
Wow, that NR600 actually looks fantastic. It's a slick looking case and pretty cheap, too. The full mesh front is appealing. Honestly, this is on my short list. Thanks for the rec.
The Phanteks P300 is likely the nicest $50 case in terms of build quality. Newegg has it for $55 + $5 shipping - $10 rebate. The DeepCool Matrexx 55 case is $46 on amazon but is supposed to be in stock in three weeks. The Corsair SPEC-05 is supposed to be nice.
It's very much region based. It's easy to sell computer parts in my area (big city, lots of tech, well-off financially). A nicer but older PC like this would probably list for $450 and sell for $400 on CL. 1060s go for about $140 on their own, and the SSD is probably worth $30. Just a running machine would probably worth another $250 in my area, especially one with a Xeon (even slightly older). If you're in a hurry, $300 seems like a good deal.
Eh, I don't think shipping a PC on ebay is cost-effective. It's so expensive to ship, plus the likelihood of it getting damaged in shipping, and then the cost of paypal and listing fees all add up. Even if you sell it for "more", it ends up being a wash vs a craigslist transaction. If you live in a metro area, you may try posting it on /r/hardwareswap and seeing if anyone wants it. Read the rules but they do allow cash/local transactions.
There are few joys in life better than sticking someone *before* they armor lock and having it kill them even though they lock.
You already know how good a deal this is but wow, what a good looking build. Hope you build something as cool next time.
Solid. Without an OC, the H212 will be fine. If you've got a Define R6, you should stick with coolers shorter than 185 mm (your H212 is already a very tall cooler at 160 mm). If you're itching for an upgrade, the Noctua NH-D15 canyouread suggested is a fantastic air cooler (kind of the gold standard). They make a black one and they're 165 mm, short enough to fit in your case. If you want a bit less overkill but still nice, [Noctua makes some of the nicest coolers on the market](https://noctua.at/en/products/cpu-cooler-retail). bequiet! also makes premium air coolers. I also like the Kraken M22 for an AIO. It's very quiet and a super high quality cooler. [There are tons of AIO coolers though](https://www.newegg.com/p/pl?d=120mm+aio). (An All-in-One/AIO water cooler is a pre-made water cooler. You attach it similarly to an air cooler but then you put the fan on an external fan spot for your case, often on the top or rear.)
I used to travel to Europe from the Western US regularly. That was bad enough. I can't imagine more than that. My job was training surgeons on surgical equipment. Doing at, through an interpreter, at 4 in the morning (my time) was one of the most brutal things I ever did.
Almost remarkably not so. The hardest was a bunch of Russian intensivists. I was just struggling and one of their (25-year old, fluent in three languages) staff told me "These docs went to a Soviet medical college. They grew up in concrete buildings built by Communism. Computers are very, very foreign. Just like you."
I see quite a few concerts. In my area, it's pretty widely accepted etiquette for women to jump in the dude lines since dudes mostly use the urinals.
Thanks for digging into that! I updated to 1401 last night as well so most of this testing is on the most recent version. I will triple check.
Thanks for the response. I did accidentally start in the wrong slots (A1/B1) and then checked the manual again which recommends A2/B2. I will spend some time checking to make sure I'm reading those right. This board is a bit weird - they switched their recommendations from the previous board. It used to be slots 1, 3 and now it's 2, 4 from left (socket).
[Yes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Amsxj2l_yL8), with the fans in front of the radiator (the ol' H500/H510/S340 method). Remember that it will limit your graphics card length to have it on the front - it supports 315 mm. Cards like the Asus Strix 2080 ti / 1080 ti are 305 mm or so so won't fit with the radiator up front. I built it with an H100i v2 on the top and it is VERY tight - you can't get at the RAM without removing the radiator.
Just confirming, this is the white case only (a similar code worked on the black case last week).
I've never seen RAM run faster than my CPU...
Meshify by a mile. First, the Meshify is aesthetically pleasing. But also it's a current generation case - the H500/H510 raised the bar on build planning and you can get a really clean, simple build. This one is fantastic. A third option that I've been recommending a lot lately is the Lian Li Lancool 205 (less airflow but can be had for $60 at Microcenter) or the Lancool II ($90 but a bit classier with more functions and slightly higher build quality).
It sounds like it's cutting power (black screen), not blue-screening? That makes me think it's a hardware issue. Just covering all bases: have you disconnected and re-seated the connections? Specifically 24 pin power to the motherboard (get a good, solid click), the 8 pin CPU to the mainboard, all the RAM sticks?
Aside from the normally resetting the router and such, have you tried different times of day? Most major ISPs oversell their capacity, meaning your computer will perform better at off-hours than at 7 pm when everyone in your neighborhood is trying to Netflix and chill. Also, how are you measuring normal download speed? If you go to fast.net or speedtest.net, what do they report?
If you are interested in cards for perks, you get way more for your money by /r/churning. A hard pull isn't worth $20. If you've already got one, you're fine.
I used to grab chubburger a couple of times a month when I worked nearby. Fine restaurant but never crazy busy. Honestly, Oskar Blues may have just expanded too far, too fast? They have national distribution on their beer and Canned Aid is great, but there's only so much a market (and local goodwill) can be saturated with burger places.
I went to a major university and took a Spanish class from an instructor whose English wasn't fantastic. We were having a class discussion and the instructor just started *freaking out* about how racist and rude one of the major students was being. Everyone looked around and was like, wait what? She ran out of class in tears. Two days later, I had a meeting with the Dean of my college (20,000+ students) to discuss an "incident". They didn't explain it at first, but after many "Is there anything you want to tell us"? and "Anything you want to report that would've violated our Code of Conduct?", it came out. The instructor was from *Ibizia,* which when said with an American accent sounds a lot like *visa*, and when you speak almost zero English that can get confused. The instructor thought the student was asking about her *visa* to live and work in this country. The only reason the student didn't get dismissed is because 20 of us had meetings with the freaking Dean.
Can confirm, roommate works there. They have a campus just down the road and are one of the reasons my school is usually in the top 10 aerospace engineering programs.
And vice versa: consumption of social media. The only information you see from your facebook friends is what they want you to see. You're comparing your own life (hopefully a well-informed, accurate image of your day to day) vs a handpicked facade. You see their trip to Paris, but you don't see the credit card debt. You see the beautiful family, but not the mental health issues. You see the new job, but not the long hours. Stop comparing your own real life to someone else's fake one.
If you miscalculate your refund based on an inaccurate number, you'll have to repay the refund when they issue you a corrected W2. I'd vote you get out ahead of it so you don't have to pay to refile a corrected set of taxes.
Reminds me of Idi Amin, &gt; His official title was: “His Excellency, President for Life, Field Marshal Al Hadji Doctor Idi Amin Dada, VC, DSO, MC, **Lord of All the Beasts of the Earth and Fishes of the Seas and Conqueror of the British Empire in Africa in General and Uganda in Particular.**”
I work near sales in a big company. Last Friday, one of our best sales guys finally closed *that* sale - almost $40M. (He gets 1%). He said he has *personally* bought two plane tickets to "bump into" this buyer at conferences he wasn't invited to. He mentioned that his tax accountant has said "Wait, how is *that* a business expense?" a few times.
I played Far Cry 5. Sounds like it would work.
Then go to your state's Dept of Labor. Explain that you've had withholdings but they're trying to pay you as 1099. It's either/or - you are either a 1099 contractor which has zero taxes withheld and you owe all your own taxes at the end of the year, OR you are W-2 employee and your employer takes out taxes and pays half/~7.65% of your FICA tax. If you are an employee, you absolutely want to be classified as such - aside from 1099 effectively being a ~7% pay cut for reasons mentioned above, independent contractors generally also get no sick/vacation pays, no worker's comp insurance (which is a huge deal as you're in construction), and also need to pay a self-employment tax on their taxes. It sounds like you're aware that there are rules on who can be 1099 and who is an employee. You discussed many of them: you have a supervisor, your boss sets your schedule. They can't just classify you as a W-2 because they want to. There's sometimes confusion is construction because a 'contractor' can be an employee OR an independent contractor, so there's a [checklist that helps answer that question](https://galachoruses.org/sites/default/files/IRS-20-questions-W2-vs-1099.pdf). The easy ones in this stiuation would be: do you provide your own tools, do you share the opportunity for profit or loss (eg, if you do a shit job, do you still get your hourly rate? - if so, you're an employee), and like you said, does the boss say "be here at 7 am or you're fired"? The IRS also handles misclassifications. If they do end up classifying you as 1099 inappropriately, you can file [IRS form SS-8](https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/independent-contractor-self-employed-or-employee) Determination of Worker Status. This will allow you to credit all of your 1099 wages towards Medicaid wages as well. Also, one more thing - the W-9 is used to gather all the information that would be on a 1099 - that is, your TIN, your name, your address, etc. The W9 is never actually sent to the IRS, it's just used by the company to know who to pay with a 1099. There is another form, the I-9, which is the company's verification of your legal right to work in the United States. They check your documents (passport, driver's license, birth certificate, SSN card) to confirm that you are who you say you are and that person is allowed to be employed in the US. That's very fishy as the I-9 is required by law to be completed within 72 hours of your start of employment. But, still that could be them getting the two confused.
Those are two different ideas - salesman said he's put in a lot of strange requests other than flights.
Woah, no need to call us *toxic*. Masochistic, maybe.
Communistcast can likely get you close. We have gigabit cable (which is actually 960 mb/s, confirmed) for $80/month. Supposedly Centurylink can do $70 for life with a free modem/router which is definitely worth it, since those suckers are like $200. Keep an eye out for the install, too.
When you turn on the computer, do you get any weird LEDs on the motherboard? Check your manual to see if there are error ones. If it turns on and stays on, that's likely a good sign and usually eliminates CPU, RAM, and power issues (usually). So that usually means signal to the card - make sure your graphics card is seated (give it a gentle but firm downward push in the PCIe slot), make sure it's getting enough power (should have one eight-pin in the top right). Some cards get a white or green light near the 8-pin power supply connector when they're getting enough power. Also, obviously, make sure you've checked that your cable from your **graphics card port** (not the motherboard!!) to the monitor is snug, and then turn your monitor off/on and make sure the source is correct.
You're correct - fewer cores usually means that you can hold higher clock speeds across all cores (lower complexity, less heat, etc) and games generally perform better on a faster single-core chip. That's not always true because more cores usually means a nicer, more expensive chip. That said, # of cores (/threads) is roughly equivalent to how many things your computer can do at once. So having more cores won't *directly* hurt you, it's just that high core count processors usually run a bit slower *per core* and games can only use a few.
I googled it. Comet Lake. Or Ice Lake. I'm honestly not sure.
You can also buy something used like a 580 or a 1070 in the meantime. Occasionally RX 580 Santa (a Far East miner who has literally thousands of cards) will sell 50-100 580s at a time for about $100 USD with like $15 USD shipping via DHL on /r/Hardwareswap. Seven months (or however long it ends up being) is sufficient time to take a small hit on the value of your card.
If you have a microcenter nearby, I was really impressed with the Lian Li Lancool 205. $60 USD mid tower that looks and feels a lot like the NZXT H500 but has tons of great features like PWM fans (great for dust because they slow down when the system isn't under load). It is also about 1.5" taller than the H500 so you don't smash your fingers trying to install the CPU 8-pin power. And, the removable magnetic dust filters are incredible. Most modern cases will have good dust filters.
A Ryzen 2700 and B450 board would be right around $200 or $210, and will be a solid build. AS zani said, the R5 3600 is a solid performer for gaming. Make sure to budget for RAM if you don't have good DDR4. Depends on what you're running now.
You should be able to find a 6 GB 1060 on hardwarewap in the $120-$140 region. Like you said, Overwatch is CPU-dominant and that CPU will start to feel it before too long. Anything better than that is going to require a RAM upgrade, too (since 4th gen used DDR3). So that's actually a big upgrade - I'd be surprised if you get anything under $150 USD. If he doesn't have an SSD, I promise that will be the best budget upgrade you can possibly do.
If you're getting a 2080 ti, I would recommend a 650w PSU minimum, but preferably a 750 w. It's unlikely your system would draw that much, but remember that efficiency curves play a big role at higher percentages (70%+). That means the PSU will be hotter, louder, and less efficient as it approaches the top end of its load. You're probably not going to hurt yourself using a 550 but honestly if you're considering a $1,000 card, spring the $80-$100 for a nicer PSU.
I think the RX 580 is better bang for the buck. They're only a couple frames slower than the 1060 in most games (big exceptions in games like [RotTR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vPgsTldoI0)). That said, I think it's easier to find a high-quality cooler on a 1060. Maybe that's just my area.
I think you're asking the wrong question. Buying one or the other is investing into an ecosystem - if you buy a PS, you need to have a TV, controllers, and PS5 specific games, as well as a subscription to the service. If you buy a PC, you need kb/mouse/monitor, and then can play any game, most of which have free online services. You should be asking whether you want a PC or a PS5, not trying to compare apples to oranges. Console games are usually extensively optimized to run the best they can on the system, including scaling down graphics quality and sometimes even optimizing code. This is possible because there are one or maybe two hardware types running the software (ie, all PS5 Base Models are the same). That will happen a bit less frequently on PC just because of the number of items.
NVMe is not a noticeable difference unless you're doing high levels of things like video editing. You said 128 GB isn't big enough, so size sounds like an issue me. I'd honestly get a 500 GB or maybe even 1 TB. Prices are significantly coming down - eg, yesterday there was a sale on a 1TB Crucial 2.5" SATA for $83 but now it's back up to $100: https://np.amazon.com/Crucial-MX500-NAND-SATA-Internal/dp/B077SF8KMG?th=1
No, you shouldn't need to reinstall drivers. drivers are built by hardware type and since the hardware is the same, the drivers are the same.
Sounds like you're confusing GPU and CPU compatibility. You can mix and match an Intel CPU and an AMD graphics card or vice versa. What you can't do is put an Intel CPU on a motherboard meant for AMD. Freesync is AMD graphics card compatible. GSync is NVIDIA compatible, but [some mainstream freesync monitors](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/products/g-sync-monitors/specs/) are supported by NVIDIA drivers now.
Make sure the appropriate graphics card drivers are installed. Once they're installed, right-click on your desktop settings and click 'Display settings'. From there, set your resolution to 'Recommended' (should be 1920x1080, probably) and make Scale and Layout be 100% or so.
RAM has been dropping for a while. I would be surprised if it gets significantly more expensive.
What's your motherboard? You can reset your BIOS to stock, which will also reset your RAM settings. Usually it's done with a physical jumper that you can short it with a screwdriver. On Asus motherboards, for example, that's usually next to the Front I/O pins. If that doesn't work, you can usually remove the CMOS battery for 10+ seconds (the small watch battery in the middle) and accomplish the came thing. Some have you unplug power and press &amp; hold the power button.
Remove the card from the slot and try again (with the computer off). Also double-check the power cords from the PSU to the card.
Yes, that's normal. Your system is drawing two different environments over each other.
RAM speed isn't usually limited by the board - it's limited by the RAM and how stable it is. Check your QVL (Qualified Vender List) for your motherboard. I'd bet you could throw [this stuff](https://www.newegg.com/corsair-16gb-288-pin-ddr4-sdram/p/N82E16820236591) in there if your wanted.
The Ryzen 7 2700/x is a much better processor for gaming. The Ryzen 3 3200G has a built in graphics capacity for someone that won't have a graphics card. Also consider the R5 3400 for gaming.
And you sent them to /r/hackintosh, where people build a $5000 Mac Pro for $2000 bucks, right?
And up-gradable SSD, I believe.
Ooooor continue to ridicule Apple loudly and vocally for poor practices, and maybe they will change them. Or, more importantly, maybe some potential customers who aren't computer-oriented might hear these criticisms and do more research.
Yep, as of 2018, [SSDs are soldered](https://www.ontrack.com/blog/2018/09/05/the-main-issues-with-the-macbook-pros-embedded-ssd/) like the RAM. You want a new SSD, you get a new mainboard - literally a whole new computer.
In [this article](https://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2020/05/29/derek-chauvin-arrested-george-floyd-death-minneapolis-police-officer/) reporting that Chauvin was charged and arrested, the DA is quoted as saying: &gt; “This is by far the fastest that we’ve ever charged a police officer." They're openly admitting the rules for police are different than for a regular citizen, who doesn't have extensive training, a gun on his hip, and nearly [infite leeway in their actions](https://www.yalelawjournal.org/article/how-qualified-immunity-fails).
[Youtube is littered with them](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29BJUzDB7YI). People who say "but that's a good price for the components" are missing that just because those components would cost that much doesn't mean they're *worth* that much. The mid-level Xeons don't make sense for the end consumer. The hugely inflated price tag, locking you into ECC, requiring an X series board, simply aren't worth the benefits. Plus, any 'performance per core' arguments are trumped by simply saying "3950 x". Especially considering that the Mac Pro ships with a Xeon W-2140b, which gets [outperformed by an OC'ed 8700k](https://youtu.be/uCwAYydwtr4?t=400), a $400 chip. Imagine what the 10th gen 10700k would do it, for $373 with half price RAM and boards.
"Well chief, the hundreds of thousands of people protesting at this very moment disagree with you."
It's the descent down from the main parking lot at West Magnolia. I think this specific part is called [Aspen Alley](https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/7007495/aspen-alley-trail-342a).
PM incoming.
Sorry, need to back out - my RAM isn't on the QVL for the mobo I was interested in and I've been having issues with it. Thank you!
I like the idea of making them licensed, boarded professionals, like nurses or EMTs or docs. You eff up and hurt someone, your license goes under review and there's a good chance you lose your license. It would make police way more willing to deescalate. The problem now is that cop training is "make sure to shout 'gun!' so that if by some small chance someone gets this on film, it gets dismissed at trial". The training should be "deescalate so that it doesn't get to the point of shooting an unarmed person". Unfortunately, the police and others have spent so much time weaving the "but the violent criminals!" excuse. They've got literal military APCs, riot gear for tens of thousands of ~~soldiers~~ cops. But if there is one good thing to come out of the past week, it's seeing the "cops only use violence rarely in response to dangerous criminals" narrative unwind.
This would probably be overkill for a 3600x, but it will work well. If you're not sold on liquid and still want quiet, Scythe's Fuma 2, Mugen, and [Ninja](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B079X3DBH8/ref=dp_cerb_3) are all a bit less and will adequately cool almost any processor.
That Intense frame is a couple grand. Definitely stolen.
This is a pretty decent price point for the 1650. 8 GB RAM will really be a shortcoming, so factor that into your pricing.
I own a small race timing company. I specialize in bike races but also do mid size running races and triathlons, as well as a few others. The short answer is, you're right. It isn't your problem. The long answer is that this industry has been absolutely decimated by COVID. Every race since March 13th has been cancelled in my area, and I just had my first August race cancel. Most promoters operate on a tiny margin- a few percent. As mentioned above, they sink costs in early (which is why they offer early reg discounts) for things like permits, venue rental, porta potties, etc. And the problem is that many of those are non-refundable, and those companies aren't saying "hey race promoter, we know you're having a hard time, here's a refund on your non refundable deposit!" Those vendors are also getting hammered. Without exaggerating, I expect four of my ten regular clients (race promoters) to make it through COVID. I expect everyone else to fold. We've seen organizations like USA Cycling / Triathlon lay everyone off except for a few high level execs. Race promoters are basically doing the same thing. The challenge will be that skilled labor is fleeting - it takes a lot of mistakes to train a part time worker who helps run your race, and is reliable, and gets paid like $12 an hour, for like two races a month. In the end, it isn't your problem that race promoters won't make it through this. But if you want to race in the next 2-3 years, it is. Skilled, experienced race promoters are hard to find, and they're going out of business right now. So if you want races in your area that have enough water, that have safe courses, that have smooth registration and good customer service, you'll support experienced promoters who are likely googling "bankruptcy lawyer" as we speak.
Yes. Your FPS would jump up by several percent - maybe as much as 5-8%, depending on what parts of your gaming are CPU limited. I played a bit with RAM speed on an 8600k &amp; 2070 Super. COD MW ran about 6% faster going from 2133 -&gt; 3600 MHz CL18 (with 16 GB of this RAM). Doom Eternal didn't have quite the same, but it did change (a few fps). The PC was for a Fornite gamer which is notoriously CPU dependent, and it was almost 10% difference.
As someone who lives in the Springs: [CSPD have no interest in 'peaceful'](https://www.instagram.com/tv/CA54JZqBLvX/).
The same thing that has always happened. We're just seeing it now since everyone has a phone in their pocket.
https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2020-06-01/antifa-protests-donald-trump-terrorist-group
$250 on a mouse and keyboard? You can get 99% the experience for $100, and 95% the experience for $50. Diminishing returns. Power supplies are something not worth skimping on - if they go, they take the whole computer with them. Check out the LTT PSU Tier list. It amazes me that people spend $300 or $400 or $700 on a case. If you have a budget, a $150 case will be nice and do well. I use a $75 case because I've tried literally dozens (I build a lot of computers) and I don't think those $140 cases have any extra functionality (but they do have RGB).
Nooooo don't tell me that! We're in Colorado, so wild succs aren't the most common (they don't love winters here).
I was in the Goethehaus Museum in Frankfurt. I asked a gentleman if he knew how to get back to the trainstation (in my very, very broken highschool German): &gt; "Enschuldigung, koennen Sie mir sagen... wo die (der) Bahnhof... ist?" He paused and asked if I spoke English, and then in flawless English said: &gt; "I would be happy to explain in English, if you would prefer." Turns out he was the director of the museum and had just been in my hometown, half way round the world. He likes the Nitro Milk Stout they make.
I'm an American and have only been to the EU for a few months total, but it left me with a totally different opinion. The transit police in Germany were super helpful when I got lost. They offered to walk me to a train, but I told them I read just enough German to recognize the words. The police in Italy were super. They have military police and federal police stationed around the landmarks (high priority terrorist targets). Dudes look like they're ready to be deployed to a war zone with their full auto ARs. One overheard that we were trying to figure out where to go to lunch, and he politely said to skip those and to go to this little grocery around the corner. He said "the _____ red goes well with the prosciutto." Lunch was like 6 EUR after splitting the bottle of wine.
"No." - Bride
yezzir! Some German intellectual loves it.
GoatLeg below says they're ice plant, [which looks dead on](https://www.greatgardenplants.com/product/delosperma-cooperi/perennial-ground-cover).
Most people know Noodles &amp; Company, right? It's a fast casual dining restaurant that is like "cool" and "hip" and "edgy" but is really super corporate? Their soundtrack is like, my jamz. I frequently think, "Woah, this band has made it. They're on the Noodles soundtrack." I personally know members of two bands who I've heard in there. It's... embarassing.
&gt; According to online records, Fowler has two open criminal cases in Denver for assault on a peace officer and criminal mischief. Commits felony brandishing over race-related protests, with outstanding assault on a police officer charges, and is let out on *PR bond?!* What. the. hell.
I think a fair, consistent, and appropriate bond system would be crucial to a criminal justice reform, but I don't think that happened here. I've seen misdemeanor shoplifters denied bond due to "imminent threat to the community" and yet a dude who has been **charged** in two violent altercations in a few weeks is let out on PR. That doesn't seem appropriate at all.
BLM doesn't have a "parent organization" because they, themselves, are not organized. That'd be like asking who the 'parent organization' of being an environmentalist is. There is a ['Black Lives Matter Foundation'](https://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.profile&amp;ein=474143254) that has about $300,000 in revenue, but they didn't start the BLM movement and they don't organize it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xeKnYqQnJY
May his front derailleur never be adjusted right, and he regularly get those little pieces of metal that get embedded in the tire and don't peek out until there's pressure on it.
&gt; "What are you arresting him for?" &gt; "He's being detained while we figure that out." Jesus, I've never heard a cop give such a straight answer. "I don't know, but we'll make up something."
I've been surprised to see just how wantonly individual officers are using force right now. Even the daftest cops have to understand that now is *not* the time to have a 'bad day'. You will end up on the front page of national media, and your department will [wash their hands of you](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/06/nyregion/Buffalo-police-charged.html). I am sure that every police chief in the country has said "I do not want to see my department in the news tomorrow morning." I think the problem is that this officer *truly* believes he is in the right. He honestly, truly believes that the citizen has the duty to back down. The cops here think they did the *right thing.* The cop says it himself: "You don't have personal space." And that's the problem. Every major city in the country is protesting police brutality, and police respond the only way they know how: with brutality. It's a cultural thing - as Trump said, "[the word is domination](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-praises-overwhelming-force-domination-dc-morning-peaceful/story?id=71018509)." "Overwhelming force'. And that, honestly, is why this needs to be a systemic change. It needs to come from the top, and it needs to affect every police force across the nation. Mayors and governors can't fix this alone - they can help, they can make small progress, but they can't fix it.
No need to paraphrase. "He's being detained while we figure that out."
The last bit of the article is the most important: &gt; Chief Mondary does want to make it clear that the officer did not break the law, “I want to emphasize that as strong as I can, that officer did not commit any crime at all. He **did not violate that individual’s rights in any shape, fashion form**. That was a lawful contact, it was a **lawful arrest** based on probable cause.” Even when firing you for breaking the law, the police will claim you didn't break the law. Edit: [a comment below](https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gxuhqk/police_officer_detains_guy_after_getting_in_his/ft6m6qy/) reveals that former Chief Mondary was forced to resign for inappropriate sexual conduct. He was extorting (is that the right word?) a woman who was seeking a protective order against her ex husband, and had sexually harassed his suboordinate's GF. His department tried to cover both up.
Ha. Nope, [their union doubled down](https://www.investigativepost.org/2020/06/05/police-unit-resigns-in-protest/): &gt; “Fifty-seven resigned in disgust because of the treatment of two of their members, who were **simply executing orders**,” said John Evans, PBA [Police Benevolent Association, their union] president. I hate to be that guy, but we've heard the ['simply following orders' defense before](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superior_orders). If they did receive an illegal order, they had a legal duty to not follow it. But I doubt the order was "beat the shit out of fragile old men."
Ah yes, the 'stop and frisk' approach. You are brown, therefore you are committing a crime, because I am the law.
That's the point - a false arrest isn't legal. It's a color of law violation. But, [this commenter had a good explanation](https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gxuhqk/police_officer_detains_guy_after_getting_in_his/ft7b2rn/?context=3). The (former) chief wasn't only defending the cop, he was protecting his department.
There's not enough info to tell. It's all dependent on the lease. The video doesn't include the terms under which the landlord is kicking these guys out (terminating the lease). He could be saying "get out now or I'll have the police evict you" (they won't, it's a civil matter), since there's a U-Haul in the reflection. This would likely be a violation of the lease, since the point of a lease is to prevent the landlord from saying 'you can't use this space anymore effective immediately'. The landlord does say "illegal" a few times - many commercial leases, mine included, say things like "landlord can terminate this agreement effective immediately should the renter engage in illegal activity." I'm wondering if that is his angle, but he also says "no, I'm not saying you did" do something illegal. Another way that would likely be legal would be the landlord saying "I don't approve of seeing you on the news at the protests, you need to be out ____ days in accordance with section 4, paragraph two of the lease, which specifies that either party can terminate this lease for any reason with ____ days notice." Either way, we simply don't have enough information about the lease termination clauses or the terms of kicking them out, to know whether he's in the right or the wrong according to their contract. What we do know is that if he doesn't "want my face associated with something that's going on", he going to sincerely regret this. Check back in two days - I bet he uses that exact phrase.
That's simply not true. In the United States, discrimination is not illegal unless it's against a protected class (race, religion, country of origin, sex, etc). Political beliefs are not included in that. There are some exceptions - I believe California has enacted a rule against workplace discrimination based on political beliefs. This is a contract law question, not an employment law one. It depends on the terms of the contract and the terms the landlord is giving them for terminating. See my [comment here](https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gyg9dm/absolutely_messed_up_man_is_kicked_out_of_his/ftay9uj/). I think this also avoids being a discrimination law question entirely - he's not kicking them out for being black, he's kicking them out for having attended a protest (race protests, yes, but again attending protests is not a protected class).
The be quiet! Silent Wings included are [usually about $23 a piece](https://www.amazon.com/quiet-BL066-SILENTWINGS-1450RPM-50-5CFM/dp/B01JMEDDYY/), so that's $75 of fans right there. If silence is your thing, these and Noctua are the go-tos. bequiet has a reputation for building nice, high quality cases that are well thought out.
edit: out of stock. The same GPU in black is $120, in stock June 21st, also from Amazon.
Whelp, I bought one, but it looks like it's not anymore.
That's simply not how the US tax brackets worth. There is no point where you pay a 100%+ tax rate, regardless of how much you make. It does not exist. You're confusing how [tax brackets work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?VJhsjUPDulw&amp;feature=emb_logo). There is never a point where earning more money leaves you with less money after taxes. The guy who started this said that he earned a bunch of money and his employer didn't take out taxes they should've, so the commentor owes a bunch of tax that hasn't been paid yet.
The raspberry pi is not a good representation of ARM chips. It's designed to be a cheap chip used for tinkering, not serious computing. A better example would be the iPad Pro chips, which are remarkably efficient when viewed as performance per watt. It's also a bit disingenuous to call apple "pro" computers. They haven't been professional level hardware since Apple forced users to buy hundreds of dollars of dongles to maintain functionality on USB-C only Macs, and when they were selling a five year (and three generation) old Mac Pro as your only high end option.
I failed to make the distinction between pro hardware and pro usage. Apple doesn't consider high performance hardware to be an element of 'pro' computing, which is an important key to understanding their transition to ARM. For decades, Apples has distanced itself from useful discussion of the relative power of its hardware - you see this demonstrated in their reluctance to actually name processor models. For example, the Mac Pro starts with an '8 core Xeon' but doesn't tell your generation or specific SKU. This was especially painful before the Cheesegrater Mac Pro as the [trash can Mac Pro shipped with an Ivy Bridge Xeon](http://blog.greggant.com/posts/2019/05/07/the-definitive-mac-pro-2013-trashcan-guide.html) until it retired in 2019. You also see these really strange conversations about "14 teraflops of compute performance" - these are not useful metrics that people use. They are designed to sequester the comparison between Apple and high-performance hardware. The ARM transition will reinforce this behavior. Apple will continue to supply outdated, lower power hardware to professionals who are dependent on the ecosystem. I'm really interested to see what the plan is for running VMs and for computers like the Mac Pro - I'd be surprised if Apple is able to create an ARM chip comparable to a top-tier Xeon (or even a mid-tier consumer desktop processor, like the 10700k) in terms of raw performance.
From POS cops from a single city... in the last two weeks.
/r/shouldercats
Former track athlete here. I went to a DI school and lived with football players. The cost of a varsity athlete is 90% the scholarship, room/board, travel, etc. In terms of equipment, football is an order of magnitude more expensive than track/xc in every way. Every piece of equipment that a runner needs, a football or basketball player needs, only more. Xc runners don't need shoulder pads, knee pads, helmets, cups... Yet. If they keep slashing scholarships, we might. Brown tried to axe the track and XC teams because Title IX requires equal spending on women's and men's teams. So for every dollar spent on a men's team, you have to spend a dollar on a women's team. Football is outrageously expensive (my state had 100+ varsity players, most on some form of scholarship) but there's no women's football to balance the scales. They're backpedaling because they realized that the people who ran track/XC are the type of people who donate to the school throughout their lifetime, and they made their voices heard. We saw the same thing at Davis with the swim team.
More of the same, just stopped bothering to keep up the pretense.
Surely you've seen the incredible video of the [attorney being arrested for advising her client of his rights](https://abovethelaw.com/2015/01/lawyer-arrested-for-doing-her-job/), aka 'doing her job'.
It is a horrifying condemnation that every cop I know thinks "The Punisher" is a role model.
Try telling that to my girlfriend's mom. :P Yes, she does have the portrait of White Jesus in her house.
Tell that to girlfriend's mom, who has a White Jesus portrait in her house.
&gt; "I grew up in an ultra-conservative Christian family." You think I'm not aware? You also think that hegemonically, there's any difference between the modern Popes and the old Councils of Nicaea and the rest, besides their literal race?
And sometimes, when you're a jackass, it's better not to insert your poor attitude into a conversation you don't belong in. Maybe you'll understand one day when you're older, but since you already think of yourself as superior, I doubt you'll ever get to that point of grace.
The only one arguing is you - I cracked a joke, man. Y'all need to relax.
RATM: puts a picture of Marx's *Kapital*, Zinn's *A People's History*, Chomsky's *Manufacturing Consent*, *The Anarchist Cookbook* and Che's *Guerilla Warfare* in one of their album booklets. Conservatives: Man, I dig this music! I'm so glad it isn't political.
Former professional triathlete here. Plagued by injury, and then had my career ended in a serious one (bike crash). Two surgeons told me I would never run again. I went for a jog this morning. And yesterday. Nothing worth bragging about - 3 and 4 miles, not fast. I've been running a couple of times a week for about 9 months now. But I ran. I did it without pain, and I could go out and do it again tomorrow. And truly, that is a source of joy for me, because I love running. Because I love the feeling of bouncing along and feeling my lungs and my legs. I don't ever plan on racing again, and that's OK. I don't even plan on ever going fast again. I had to let that go, but just going out and ticking off some miles because *that's what I want to do* has made me love it more than I ever did before.
Probably the last time I went to a Pizza Hut was at this one. I was in highschool (a long time ago) and my girlfriend's family took us out. I think we broke up like three days later. :P Supposedly the restaurant it is now it pretty good, if a little spendy.
The ol' soup strainer.
He has very Kurt Russell eyebrows.
You mean, like "Voting from the Rooftop?" Anyone know the Red Flag laws in Connecticut?
Agreed, this is about as cheap as you'll find an 850 gold, much less one on the A/A+ tier. I paid $140 for a 750 Evga G2 about a year ago.
Hence all of the "Fox 24 exclusive: we've uncovered evidence that the man tragically made dead by the police last week may have had overdue library books, and therefore the systematic and senseless violence against him is justified."
It's .... just... so beautiful. * cries *
[Family and Medical Leave Act](https://www.dol.gov/general/topic/workhours/fmla). It's a federal law that requires companies to provide some protections to someone's job (but not income) due to certain health related circumstances. &gt; Employees are eligible for leave if they have worked for their employer at least 12 months, at least 1,250 hours over the past 12 months, and work at a location where the company employs 50 or more employees within 75 miles. The state might have some more helpful rules, but those are rare.
Decent. Not going to win any voice competitions, but what I would expect in this price range. It is super sensitive to distance from your face. My Discord buddies report that after adjusting it, my volume changes a bit. (gotta hear those footsteps) The 7.1 thing is all a sham... for at least I haven't figured it out. The interface on mine (Alpha S, but in blue) is strange: it's a long USB cord with an analog converter for the combo mic and audio wire. The USB has a mic mute button, which is nice for work meetings. The headphone cups themselves are pretty comfortable. I can only wear them over my glasses for a few hours, but not nearly as bad as my Sennheisers.
Serious question here: People think the ONLY thing preventing these horrible, ever-present transgender rapists from going into bathrooms and raping our poor children is... a law saying that men can't go into women's bathrooms? They're aware that going into the bathroom and raping someone is like, way worse a crime, right?
What do you mean? &gt; End This &gt; The Law &gt; Sodomy &gt; Abomination &gt; God Said &gt;Yes Hell is Real makes perfect sense to me.
* ability to work visa-free in the EU A coworker of mine is a German who hasn't been able to be naturalized in the US because she won't renounce her German citizenship. It's just too damn valuable for her career.
"Your honor, that man would simply not have raped the child if only there had not been a men/women sign on the bathroom door. All it would have taken to stop this brutal, violent act would have been a simple 'women' pictogram on the front of the door, and the vampire-like rule that men simply aren't able to enter women's bathrooms would have prevented this class 2 felony."
At a city council meeting recently, one of our council people said "I don't think we should be spending community money on libraries. Only a certain type of person goes to a library." It took the awed silence from everyone in the room for her to realize just how far she'd jammed that foot into her mouth.
Rehabman ~~runs~~ moderated TonyMacx86. He ~~spends~~ spent an unbelievable amount of time there answering questions. Unfortunately, they really have the same problem we do - "hey i just bot computer can u hak it 4 me" Looks like he went offline in 2019. Dang, a loss for the community.
Under most circumstances, mid to high end air will cool equally well to mid range water. Mid to high end air is cheaper than water. Water usually runs a bit cooler and generally has a nicer asthetic. I wouldn't even consider water until you're in the $1500+ USD range.
I had the same in my '73: an FE 360, plus a 30 ci bore. It was a slightly darker blue than this one, so we called it the Blueberry Beast. Absolute monster. I miss knocking my knuckles on the AM if I started in granny low. The exhaust was rusted out so it sounded meeeean. Driving that around Boulder was the coolest thing a 17 year old kid could do.
*woah.* That thing is beautiful. I vote mirrored metallic tubes on v.2!
Wow, the price to performance is not tilted in Intel's favor, especially with the mobo costs what they are right now. I'm interested to see what the Ryzen 4 series processors can do. I don't think it'll be a as big a jump as from 2-&gt;3 (Zen to Zen 2) but who knows.
"As a childless woman in her thirties, I don't understand how having kids..." [can take over your life]. Nope, no you don't.
Woah, remember sports? Remember sports *stadiums*?
I think there are several reasons, probably the most important of which is that the DoJ has standing orders that they can't charge a *sitting* president with crimes. As soon as he's no longer president, I expect a wave of lawsuits against him from SDNY and the DoJ. He *has* to win releection, or he will spend the rest of his life in court. The other is the ego thing. Just look at his history of ridiculous claims: the one where he [claimed he won the presidency on his first try](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/949619270631256064) (you may remember that [he ran in 2000](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Trump_2000_presidential_campaign), even if he doesn't), the one where he said his inauguration crowds [were the largest ever](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2018/sep/06/donald-trump-inauguration-crowd-size-photos-edited) and then doubled down to have people edit them to look more full. The one where he had someone [edit a diagram of a hurricane](https://www.washingtonpost.com/weather/2019/09/04/president-trump-shows-doctored-hurricane-chart-was-it-cover-up-alabama-twitter-flub/) rather than admit that he had made a simple mistake. I think that says a lot about him - regardless of what the truth is, it's about his ego rather than reality. That's all that matters to him - Trump wins, Trump is the best, Trump beats the liberals.
I am in a similar position with my parents, without the societal expectation. My answer is: you have to draw a line. How can you possibly take care of someone else if you can't take care of yourself first? Make sure that you are making your own bills, building your own emergency fund, building yourself a place of security, because your parents won't be able to help you should something go wrong for you. Next is to set up the expectations. Your savings are not their savings. Your finances are not their finances. If they go under, they will NOT take you with. In bankruptcy court, it works in their favor to NOT have a lifeline like a child who helps them with their bills. They've made it for decades - you being able to provide for yourself doesn't change that. If you give them an inch, they will take a mile. So, draw a line in the sand and don't. cross. it.
Haha, I had to look up the lyrics and of course [watched the music video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAZQaYKZMTI). If you haven't seen it, it's VERY 1982. Exceptional.
You can either ship it or check it on the plane with you. They'll be about the same cost either way ($50ish). Either way, someone else will be handing it - generally, you'll want to pop off any heavy components. Things like an air CPU cooler and graphics card should be taken out and stored so they don't break off the mobo connections. You can individually pack any rotational disks. When companies ship prebuilt PCs, they use a ton of foam. You might consider asking PC shops around if they have packing foam, and then modifying it to your case. Take tons of pictures either way to prove they're packed intelligently.
Woah. for what it is (5kx1440p, curved, 240 hz), that price is really competitive.
I bought one for a build recently. It is a powerful card. It is roughly equivalent to a 1080 (not ti) in gaming, minus some RAM. Those are still about $300-$350 used in my area, and $400 NOS or refurb online. It is only 1-3% behind the 5700 (non XT) in gaming but $30-$40 cheaper. It doesn't make sense for a gamer to spend $40 more for 2 GB RAM. This specific card runs hot. The backplate is scorching after a few hours of gaming. I actually installed an extra140 mm fan just to run air over the backplate because it gets so hot. My Asus 2080 ti in silent mode with a steel backplate doesn't get as hot. The drivers are fine. I haven't had issues in big games (Modern Warfare, Borderlands, Metro Exodus). I think the drivers at launch were not great, but it seems like they're fine now.
Different versions have different amounts of RAM. 6 GB is sufficient for most gaming. Many models of 5700 and 5700 XT have 8 GB if that's important.
Or, false arrest and violating the FDCPA.
Proof racism doesn't exist: Oprah! Yes, the fact that [less than 0.77% of the world's billionaires are black](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_billionaires#:~:text=As%20of%202019%2C%20there%20are,U.S.%20dollar%20billionaires%20are%20Black.) is definitely proof that racism doesn't exist.
Exactly. And how can there be exactly five black billionaires if the system is racist? Check. Mate. Go home libtards.
"Look at how bad things are right now! This is how bad it would look if Democrats were in charge!"
