They had wmd in the 80s. They did have a ton of yellowcake which the usa covertly bought
&gt; like states rights in principle, but I also know it's the rallying cry of the shittiest people who can't win national policy and will settle for persecuting people at the local level So, we're never going to see eye to eye. That's fine. It should be a states right issue, same with legalization of weed. Sadly, thanks to the commerce clause, we can't have nice things. &gt;And Mike Pence as "assassination insurance." Pure apologism. To the people that think Trump is literally hitler, and believe Pence is in favor of electroshock therapy, yes, yes he is. BTW I agree with the premise of what kicked off the whole "Pence is into electroshock therapy" thing. Because, yes, if you are receiving federalized aids treatment, then yes, you should be required to take a class that will teach you to minimize your risks.
Thanks!
Never interrupt your enemies when they are making a mistake. I've been reading a few forums to keep a finger on what they are thinking. They refuse to lay blame on the DNC rigging elections, refuse to see media collusion as a problem (they blame the media for being super critical of Hillary), they are doubling down on identity politics, and are blaming rural working class whites for Trump. It's great
&gt; This sub is apolitical. We have Trumptards, Shillary supporters, Johnson potheads, and etc. Our criticism of the media has always been the same I lold. t. Trump Supporter
Just the media doing what the media does.
Tactical Scarf, yes.
Google and YouTube it
Yep. But then you run into the whole free speech laws. Meh.
&gt;Is the 'fucking military' another branch of the armed forces? And how do I join?? It's called going into the Navy
It appears so
Ovens you say?
[well, bye!](http://www.speakgif.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/well-bye-animated-gif.gif)
SOG SANTA HAS SEENT SOME SHIT!
That actually sounds somewhat tasty
He gave out DVD's with the wrong region code too. EDIT: &gt;&gt;After Brown presented Obama with a pen holder crafted from the timbers of the 19th century British warship HMS President (whose sister ship, HMS Resolute, provided the wood for the Oval Office's desk), Obama offered up ... 25 DVDs of American movie classics. &gt;&gt;"Oh, give me strength," wrote one appalled Daily Telegraph staffer. "We do have television and DVD stores on this side of the Atlantic." &gt;&gt;Never mind that Brown is blind in one eye and may have a hard time seeing the stars in "2001: A Space Odyssey," or that American DVDs are usually incompatible with British players. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/london-aghast-president-obama-gifts-prime-minister-brown-article-1.366667
You don't. You're missing out on the constantly being called racist every time you question the president or any bit of over reach of power.
Afaik that's their only ice free port, they aren't going to give that up
WEW LAD
TIL Female Trump supporters don't exist.
Go replace it with a switch that has a flip up cover
That's the idea. So you don't drunkenly bump the switch and fry everything. I mean, I wouldn't know anything about frying gas pumps /s
Here's the source, enjoy. https://energycommerce.house.gov/sites/republicans.energycommerce.house.gov/files/documents/Select_Investigative_Panel_Final_Report.pdf
What fake news? https://energycommerce.house.gov/sites/republicans.energycommerce.house.gov/files/documents/Select_Investigative_Panel_Final_Report.pdf
&gt;what goes around shall come around So you're getting a golden shower tonight, thanks to the wife?
I'm a drunk lawyer in training, but I'm pretty sure this could be a conspiracy to commit a terrorist act, and they could get fucked under the patriot act.
Will do!
At the expense of their country? No, I'd expect them to care for themselves. Additionally, watching all the care for refugees and no care for my home country of Greece is extremly insulting
&gt; But the draft isn't going to be reinstated, making this point of little value. How do you know? The next time there's a large scale war, the draft could come back. IT'd be nice for me (unlike my sister) to be able to vote, get college loans, and a multitude of other things, without having to register for the SS. And this is coming from someone who thinks women have no place on the front lines, but if they're shooting for that, they deserve to have to register for the SS. &gt;I'm absolutely not in favour of the draft but think the argument the draft shouldn't exist at all i How do you propose a country defend itself in a total war situation?
How about war with Russia? Now that we're currently poking the bear? Or war with China over trade battles? Or how about whatever is our next vietnam?
So where's the outrage for mash, battlefield 1942, Arma 2 or many other ganes?
But why wasn't an issue for those games?
18/99 HEIL HORTLER FRIEND!!!!
WE SHALL SEE!
NEver smoked weed. I like my booze and my cigarettes.
&gt; How about war with Russia &gt;&gt; Not gonna happen. So why is Obama trying his damndest to start it?
I agree.
So, why did previous games not get a sternly worded letter?
&gt; go off on whatever the latest social-justice nonsense being pushed as part of the curriculum, mandated from on high. So evidently Alex Jones wasn't wrong about that one. Huh.
&gt;His boyfriend &gt;All the top comments are people wanting one and it's never mentioned. And just like that, rip the narrative. Also, where can I get one?
fuggg
This is actually the one human thing she does like and do. Not even kidding. But she managed to turn it into such a joke.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_line_of_succession
It's at spot 91 now, so what I think happened, is they saw it, downvoted it / vote fuzzed it down to zero, and are letting it drop like a rock. The announcement of returning Treasury money is still at slot 13. It's interesting to see what they kill, tbh. Picture of the president gets nuked, news that can increase favorable views is left alone. I don't get it.
It's at spot 91 now, so what I think happened, is they saw it, downvoted it / vote fuzzed it down to zero, and are letting it drop like a rock. The announcement of returning Treasury money is still at slot 13. It's interesting to see what they kill, tbh. Picture of the president gets nuked, news that can increase favorable views is left alone. I don't get it.
What? They know about it?
upvoted you, vote count hasn't changed.
Go to settings tab, there should be "display subreddit themes" box somewhere.
Lold.
&gt; . And whilst the black bloc are bunch a thugs, shooting isn't really their styl A few of them have open carried before but their gear was a shot sandwich
Hey, you should definitely do more write ups, or possibly message the mods over at r/T_D because that would make for a fascinating AMA. Got any more stories or perspectives?
And how are they paying federal income taxes?
She DOES have enough money to outsource that. So that can prove the means. So write it up properly and it'll be actionable. Or one of her fans does it to win her love. Sounds familiar?
They aren't british missiles, they are leased (and maintained) by the USA. So, they're not in charge of them. Someone in GA is shitting their pants right now, if it's not a component failure, because they're a shared pool of missiles. &gt;&gt;The UK does not own its Trident missiles—they are leased from the USA. UK Trident submarines must regularly visit the US base at King's Bay, Georgia to return their missiles to the US stockpile for maintenance and replace them with others. Here's a good read: http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200506/cmselect/cmdfence/986/986we13.htm
&gt; They're maintained and such in America yes, but all claims of American control over the missiles when in the UK and being able to somehow prevent the launch of them is pure speculation, which sometimes verges on conspiracy theory. Good thing I never claimed that nor did I state it. &gt; the UK maintains its status as a nuclear power They are a nuclear power, but they are not an *independent* nuclear power due to their reliance on the USA for critical parts and infrastructure. There's a bit of a difference.
lol, your response (with verification photo) is gone.
seems to be gone on my end.
The presidency?
No, but it is a small part of why she lost. AS mentioned here, the overwhelming support and over the top coverage that eroded the people's trust in the mainstream media is what did her in. Doubling down constantly doesn't work. I'm glad to see that the left is running as hard down that path of progressiveness as they can.
How do you think people on the right side of the aisle feel? I mean, fuck, even places like jalopnik are trash. I just want some websites to stay apolitical. FUCK ME, right?
Everything's gotta be political, of course. I seem to see it come more from the left when it's random tech websites and whatnot. *shrug*
&gt; But if you're playing some realistic sniper game where you have to lead targets and aim over higher than your target to account for bullet trajectory over long range shots, then of course that's going to help. That's not exactly how that works. And there's only one game I can think of off the top of my head that does it. But it's a sim, not a game, heh. All it does is teach you to use mildots and do math quickly. http://www.shooterready.com/index.html --------------- /u/MikeWinding There are a few. But they are sims, not games. See http://www.shooterready.com/index.html
Are you trying to say that video games teach you the concept that bullets have drop and you have to aim to a different POA vs POI? Otherwise, if you're trying to say videogames teach you how to estimate hold-over, that's real retarded, Sir. Because, that doesn't teach you any of the intricacies of hold over / hold under depending on range and zero. Go play with a couple ballistic calculators. Look at how the chosen load, zero distance, and target distance all interact. Then look at your comeups http://www.hornady.com/ballistics-resource/ballistics-calculator
&gt;I'm the guy who runs the gas chamber and laughs at your ass as your sergeants make you do stupid shit. Is this you? http://terminallance.com/2015/11/20/terminal-lance-405-gas-gas-gas/
So what's wrong with wanting a wall for security of a nation?
So there's nothing wrong with wanting a border wall for securing borders? Good to know!
BASED SIKHS!
I mean, ISIL is now rolling out children executioners. What can you do? https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=42d_1430600441
I dunno, depends on how well you screen people, huh?
&gt; Perhaps you are forgetting that Europe has Nuclear weapons Only France and Britain are nuclear powers. Britain is leaving the EU and France is the only country that has an independent nuclear program. Things would have gotten fascinating if both Brexit and Frexit happened, because what would the EU do for nuclear deterrence? Britain's arsenal ((for cost cutting measures)) comes from the same pool of trident warheads serviced in Georgia. They are 100% dependent on the USA to maintain a nuclear deterrence. Without the USA they are unable to get their missiles and physics packages serviced and would be rendered uh, rather unreliable, without assistance over the time of 90 days or so. France is an independent nuclear state, so they should be able to keep on keeping everything maintained and whatnot. Seems to have worked for them over the years.
FRIED CHICKEN WITH A FORK??!? https://i.imgur.com/RE6R2a5.jpg
&gt; we start to think that all other outlets are lying to us. A lot of them are. My favorite example of this was a recent bloomberg piece on the F-35. Yes, bloomberg radio decided that the F-35 can not carry external stores. When they are that blatantly wrong, that even a google search can prove, are they lying? http://www.jsf.mil/images/gallery/sdd/f35_test/c/sdd_f35testc_048.jpg http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-bQ6mjoe4hyU/URlvUS3Y8OI/AAAAAAAAB70/ovn-PvuHwe0/s1600/F35+payload+data+2012.bmp
So, hope other people come to your aid? Brilliant plan, that. They still wouldn't be a nuclear power though. They have no inherit deterrence though. Because, as you see currently, there's no guarantee NATO will last to the end of times. What happens if the USA pulls out of NATO? What's the option I idly wonder if we even store warheads in theatre now. Because, thinking about it, we'd have to due to the limitations of seeing who's actually being targeted by an ICBM launch, so that'd be something we'd really not want to randomly pop off. Since you can't really guarantee where a RV is going to land, until it's in it's terminal phase, you're not going to want to pop one off in a fulda gap situation. So, we're either using SLBM's from nearby, or using gravity bombs on (friendly) bases.
Like these? https://i.imgur.com/RE6R2a5.jpg
Do you actually? I eat pizza with a fork and knife, but fried chicken?
But that's the best flavor! I'm chuckling here my man
DAMMMN DANIEL
So , bring Rhodesia back and kill all Muslims?
&gt; hoax regarding CNN "whitening" criminals, They do and have
If you had given them enough time to discover DNA I'm sure you would have had great science from them. Instead we got weird fucking head shapes being the designator of Aryan and the only way to tell first pattern SS helmets
Nope struggle sessions aren't real
Just decide on weird pronouns and Sue the fuck out of anyone that won't use them concentrate on schools
1y 2y 3n 4n 5y
Rules for Radicals my dear friend
! Remindme 8 hours
Inshallah, my friend. It is acceptable, yes. She deserves it for not listening. You never answered the question, by the way
&gt;As far as I can tell his powers are shrieking and moving closer. So, he's *literally* R2D2
I'd say a good first step is having armed police, that don't flee during terrorist attacks. https://twitter.com/ColumbiaBugle/status/871210975025926144
there's a specific sub for these questions. /r/Ask_TheDonald Shoo
This is the correct answer. I don't recall off the top of my head, but I used to have to follow a few osha rules about hot working areas. Mainly mandatory breaks, minimum time between entrances, and cool down periods.
&gt; Nobody reviews movies as MOVIES anymore. It has to be about an agenda, a message to push. Commies going to commie. &gt;The women-only screening at the Alamo Draft House didn't help either. I'm personally loving it. I'm waiting for all sorts of fun case law to happen. If you can force christian bakeries to bake gay wedding cakes, but can also discriminate on sex (a protected class), why can't you discriminate on other protected classes?
*On his personal account.
They have doubly no case because it's not his official account
&gt; personal tweets but from government property on government time Says who? Trump tweets from his phone AFAIK, and it's much more likely it's his own personal unclassified phone.
Five times that protested gay marriage. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/10066730/More-than-500-imams-in-landmark-gay-marriage-protest.html
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/10066730/More-than-500-imams-in-landmark-gay-marriage-protest.html
No, they framed Trump as literally Hitler. Worse then literally hitler would be us
McCarthy wasn't wrong.
&gt;Panko crumbs Good, but I've started using garlic croutons.
I'd always be a little scared of getting bike locked in the shower tbh
*extremely rare WWI pistol.
The bottom feeder (original not conversion later on in life) are way more rare if I'm not mistaken. Normally they're top feeders with no detachable magazine. You can build one though. http://www.e-sarcoinc.com/c96frameonly.aspx
That would be correct, yes. Those old Republicans screeching about "diversity" being code for "anti-white" don't look so insane now, do they?
Rumor is there's only like 4-9 of those .45 acp ones in the states. Dunno how much I believe that, though.
&gt; Maybe he rigged them all with hidden explosives so when they're shipped off to ISIS they blow up in their faces? I mean, we've done that multiple times before. Both in Vietnam and in Iraq/Afghanistan. Project Eldest Son
&gt;not betting on the creature from the black lagoon.
I was told that Pride parades weren't political! Was I lied to?
You're welcome. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrJtVabx-q4
They hate white people, and conservatives even more. White people (in this context) is them creaming themselves at being able to kill rural christian americans.
GTA, definitely GTA. The NPC's you kill aren't awful nor are they totally white.
I'm specifically thinking the NPC's, but aren't cops also spawned as black and other colors?
Yes. It is what we call a rino.
They have a decent history of censoring wrongthink though. Don't forget that they removed that "punch hillary" game but left up their punch trump game.
They also repeatedly purged the blood drive information. You know, where to go to donate blood to help restock the blood bank. Wonderful people.
The answer is yes. Happy cake day, btw.
Yeah, I didn't want to get into that discussion. Just like I can use google shopping to buy ISIS flags but not confederate flags.
It's the second. Can't show that the right wingers are right.09. There was all sorts of drama that day because only R/the_Donald and a ~~second sub (Sadly I've forgotten which one, it was something like R/AMA or somesuch)~~ r/AskReddit covered the info. That was a rough day.
Man, first hit on this concept is textfiles. That's a blast from the past. http://www.fortfreedom.org/h11.htm
No, that was when his father mysteriously showed up at a Hillary Clinton rally front and center behind her.
You didn't know? Man, the _donald, we were reeing hard on that one. http://www.wptv.com/news/state/orlando-shooters-father-attends-hillary-clinton-rally-in-kissimmee
Preface, I'm republican, so I'm fucking loving what the Left is doing. On the flip side, that made me reeeeee super hard, because that was the ultimate redpill on the fact that Muslims &gt; Gays on the progressive stack.
Member how it caused gun bans? Member when they had that memorial coverage at week threw?
&gt; that was an eye opening moment for the LGBT community. It kinda was? I've been running more pink pistol classes recently. BUT, their politics have remained the same.
It was nice and all, but I much prefer what a lot of the locals are running with. AKA, "I gotta buy guns to not get fucking killed"
You'd be right!!
I've run a couple Pink Pistols so the answer is yes
GEE WILIKERS FRIEND NOTHING SHOWS UP
and gun parts. (are banned)
I mean, you *could* go rather autistic on both the case and mounting systems. Trying to make the system as rugged as possible, to work in a shop environment that is full of bits of steel. My laptop speakers collect metal shavings and have to be cleaned every few months, for example.
;__;
That's not how that works and you know it. Stop being a disingenuous asshole.
As someone who is loathe to see UBI implemented, I find it HILARIOUS that in this case, it's the other side freaking out.
They literally have gay concentration camps right now in Czechoslovakia so I'm going to go with YES, it does matter.
&gt; You act like Russia has the sort of influence on Chechnya that the Federal Gov. has on Colorado. That's what you LITERALLY just said me.
&gt; There's a link there too, so you might be wondering "Is there perhaps an actual game that the writer is referring to?" &gt; No, there isn't. It's an article justifying why punching spencer is good. &gt; What a 'fun' 'game' that is. I mean, a simple google turns up this. https://www.engadget.com/2017/02/03/punch-a-nazi-game/ &gt;&gt;The game lets you sock it to Hitler (obvs), Richard Spencer and Milo Yiannopoulis, the latter two of which have become controversial figures of late. Hearty chuckle.
Ah, I misunderstood. That's just shoddy journalism, you see it everywhere. My pet peeve is sources that end in an anonymous sources with one company, or sources that don't end in a primary source. No, I don't want to click through three layers of articles just to read some semblance of a source.
Thats exactly what im bitching about, in both clauses.
Time sifting through google, some very far left blogs, some homesteading blogs. Just get on google, you've got the world's information at your fingertips (usually). Here's a decent repository I stumbled upon. http://pdf.textfiles.com/manuals/MILITARY/ Government websites further west tend to have great information on water quality and well drilling. EX. http://www.michigan.gov/documents/deq/deq-wb-dwehs-gwwfwim-section5_183030_7.pdf
You also forgot all the pedophile gangs that were swept under the rug and kept as city only issues. Up to 1 million child victims. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-31691061 http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/child-sex-abuse-gangs-could-5114029 Also, bacon sandwich guy was murdered in prison. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4075328/Man-jailed-leaving-bacon-sandwiched-outside-mosque-dead-prison-half-way-12-month-sentence.html
So, she's still retarded?
Not going to be cheap to be honest. You would probably be best to find a hackerspace with a mill and turn it into a project. As far as purchasing one, http://www.reliablesteam.com and steamboating.net can sell you castings / plans / complete engines.
I play some online games with middle / high schoolers. Holy fuck have they become right wing.
I 100% agree. Not even trying to be edgy, but it was some blush worthy shit. That could also be due to the types of games I play (FPS) but holy-o-fuck do they seem to dislike muslims and dislike progressives. Supposedly they're the most conservative generation since WWII. http:// www.cnsnews.com/commentary/eric-metaxas/next-generation-americans-gen-z-may-be-most-conservative-wwii
You're also missing the detail that Thiel was outed while on a business trip in a country whose penalty for homosexuality includes death. That's a crucial tidbit there.
&gt;my newspaper’s editorial board looked like the junior varsity version of a Donald Trump cabinet meeting. They can't even get their criticism right, just make shit up on the fly. Trump's cabinet has several female identified people and several minority identified people.
Is it even surprising anymore? Even google's searches quality has gone downhill, fast. I was googling "First Soviet Aircraft Captured" and only got pages of Gary Powers U2 incident and that was every single "related" searches. But, they have the time to focus on extremism and evil wrongthink on the internet.
By his logic the show "Dear White People" is justification for white people to go kill black people? Am I following his train of thought wrong? Because, if mocking North Korea means they're OK to kill americans, then any group that is mocked is OK to kill the mockers?
So, I guess you are getting at my point, that there's 0 incentive or any good that can come out of even attempting to debate those people. Plus, it's extremely arguable that the right is completely unable to do "strong and wrong" because the mainstream media is insanely left wing.
&gt;So, I guess you are getting at my point, that there's 0 incentive or any good that can come out of even attempting to debate those people. &gt;&gt;i...wait, what? Well, we already clarified that they don't want a debate, rather a monologue. So, if they're not even willing to debate, what's the point? &gt;Plus, it's extremely arguable that the right is completely unable to do "strong and wrong" because the mainstream media is insanely left wing. &gt;&gt;Actually, it's arguable that the only reason the right is able to do "strong and wrong" so well is because the mainstream media is insanely left wing. Who says they're wrong? What if they're right on some things? What if they're wrong on some things? Coming from the perspective that people that disagree with you are always incorrect ... doesn't seem wise. &gt;If there were more moderate right wing voices amongst the media, the more extreme right wouldnt get away with some of the bullshit they spouted. Why bother being a moderate right wing voice if you're just going to be called a racist nazi bigot? There's zero incentive to even attempt to interact with the left wing. There are no moderate right wing voices in the media, they're not allowed to exist, and the few that try (like Tucker Carlson) are bullied relentlessly. &gt;But instead, we have the left-wing over-presence in the MSM putting reasonable right wing ideas in the same boat as unreasonable ones, making some people when confronted with the left-wing bullshit jump over completely, instead of finding a common middle ground. Congratulations on identifying one of the problems. What can be done about it though? &gt;So, I guess you are getting at my point, that there's 0 incentive or any good that can come out of even attempting to debate those people. &gt;&gt;If by "getting at" you mean 'agree with' then no, i don't. &gt;&gt;Who are 'those people' that we shouldn't attempt debating? &gt;&gt;And from what position are you even saying this? Why the modern day leftie. What perspective do you think I'm arguing from? Obviously I'm coming from a moderate right wing position. How did you miss that? When one side is obsessed with calling the other side evil nazi racists, why even bother talking to them? There's no incentive to debate. Because, the rule of the day is just slander. &gt;To requote Warskull: &gt;&gt;They themselves are a bunch of Alex Jones arguing that Alex Jones is bad. When real debate happens, they all lose. What real debate? It's just been slander and personal attacks for the last nine years.
&gt; Why hold true to your own beliefs? &gt; Are you arguing that if some people are going to call you a racist nazi bigot, you might aswell become a racist nazi bigot? &gt; If that's your reasoning, i'm going to start calling you a lava fucker. &gt; Hey, if people are calling you that, you might aswell become it. amirite? &gt; Now, go on and fuck some lava. Funnily enough, this is exactly what I'm talking about. Instead of addressing my point, you take it to the point of absurdity. So, yes, there is 0 shame in being called a racist bigot in the current year. &gt;Werent the left lamenting just how fast Tucker Carlson was growing? I'd say Tucker Carlson succeeded. I couldn't tell you, are they? I'm honestly curious, are they upset about him? &gt;Having more moderate right wing voices for people to jump ship to? There have been, too bad they've been consistently put through the slander machine. &gt;Because you were arguing for not debating the other side, when at this time the left has the most to lose in a debate with moderate right. Why? They've repeatedly shown that they won't even hear out the moderate right, so there is no point in even attempting to discuss with them. I mean, shit, even Trump is a moderate right voice, and look how well that's working out. &gt;To show uninformed or misinformed people that you aren't actually a nazi by using your own words rather than letting them form their opinion of you merely on the words of others. What part of I no longer care about that do you not understand? There is no point in playing that game anymore. &gt;And it hasn't particularly been working out for the left anymore these days. Good. I'm quite happy to watch the left eat themself. &gt;Unless you like the pendulum swinging from left to right and back again. War, it never changes, huh?
&gt;No, it wasn't what you were talking about. Yes, tell me what I was *actually* talking about. You are actively doing what I'm bitching about, and I find it rather hilarious. &gt; You were literally stating that there's no point in being a moderate right wing voice if people call you a racist nazi bigot. &gt;So what, you want to be an extreme right wing voice instead? actually be the racist nazi bigot they call you? &gt;It doesn't work that way, if it works that way for you then you weren't a moderate right winger anyway, you just pretended to be. That's a gross mischaracterization of my entire point, and we both know it. You are actively doing what I'm bitching about and it's rather hilarious. YOU are what I'm bitching about, you are the problem I'm talking about. You're so gung ho to call me a nazi, that you've already decided "It's not worth talking to people that will just call you a Nazi and move on" automatically means I'm a nazi. You're so caught up in that perspective, that there's ZERO point in even trying to interact with people like you. YOU are exactly what I'm bitching about, because instead of actually having a conversation, I have to defend myself from accusations and even then it's not like you actually care, you've already made up your mind. That's the point, really, that there's zero to be gained from even trying to engage people from that perspective. And hilariously enough, ended just about correct on the script.
So you're saying to bring on the blue helmets? IT'S HABBENING FOLKS!!
What?
Ah, I see! Thank you for the clarification!
THEY'RE TURNING THE FRICKING FROGS GAY!1!!!
&gt;He doesn't like white gravy with shit ton of black pepper. That's like genocide tier TBQH fam. /s
I mean, have you even skimmed the UN paper on population replacement via immigration?
Yes, this was actively his fault you fuck. Do you not remember when NASA's main mission went to understanding global climate change and Muslim outreach programs?
Or maybe it's illegal to hold events like that in spain? But I don't get European Laws, for fucks sake, it's illegal to test paternity of a kid in france without a court order.
&gt; Do you know what a right is? In this country, rights are paid for through taxes. end of story. The only reason to make people pay for voter ID's is to suppress the vote. Where do I get a taxpayer paid for gun then? If rights are paid for by taxes, END OF STORY. It appears to me that you do not understand the concept of a right. A Right is NOT something granted to you by the government, that would be a privilege. Unalienable rights exist for a reason.
I mean, we did have a war with them back then . . .
Quick clot is your friend. You can sever the femerol, wait 90 seconds, and pour it on, and survive
Don't forget the insanity of Donald Trump's Ama on the Donald
And Obama didn't. Got it!
It's just whataboutism. If you think that fox is credivle, then you MUST think infowars is credible. Nevermind the fact that they all lie to you, we're just squabbling about how maliciously they are doing it
It got insane downvotes, various subs were openly planning on brigading it /blackhairladies or whatever that sub is, and eventually got set to zero. It was awesome.
Ditto. Happens to me with t_d too
&gt; Considering the stakes for the individual as well as the reputatation of the lawyer, a why bother attitude for defense is incredibly improbable. Most people don't look at these charges on them and go, oh shucks. Yes, it does. You have to choose your battles and shit. &gt;The video you linked even had the dude narrating his car was attacked after he hit the group of protestors. He reversed his car, sped down the street, ran into people then reversed his car again to leave. So the photo of his car being hit BEFORE the car crash isn't real? And reversing out of a mob that's intent on beating you isn't the wise decision? Like I said, when two assholes collide. No chance of a fair trial after the media demonization. There's no point in trying to claim self defense. Like I said, it's a PERFECT recruiting tool for the actual neo-nazi Alt-right. Just like the illegal alien in Cali that was guilty of manslaughter and let off to make a political point against Trump. Just like the Somali immigrant cop that shot that Australian girl and killed her and was buried. Slow and steady drip.drip.drip. Anarcho-tyranny and rules for thee but not for me is going to lead to fun times. History does repeat, it rhymes.
&gt; I think that as long as we have free speech, That ship has long sailed. You have mainstream democrats explicitly calling for the abolition of free speech. You have laws that are applied unequally and for political points. You have an entire segment of the population that no longer values the principle of free speech or other God given rights. You have a significant population that believes the government is a granter of rights. You have a significant population that believes the states can do whatever they want in defiance of the federal government with regards to illegal aliens and drug usage, but will happily crack down on the two states that tried doing the same exact thing with firearm laws. We're way past that stage and they're only doubling down. History doesn't repeat, it rhymes. The outlook doesn't look too good.
&gt; Call me back when an actual human being There it is. The demonization that leads to genocide. History doesn't repeat, it rhymes.
You do know that throughout history, the right eventually gets fed up with the rules for radicals approach and eventually starts killing the commies, right?
Let me guess, you're female and believe that you understand exactly how the male brain works. Am I wrong?
Cest La Vie. It's the truth that needs to be spoken, and it gets downvoted to hell and back.
You don't say! Next time, take less of a confrontational tone, and actually LISTEN to the people you're asking questions of. Why should I care what you mean by "bothering with any of this?" It's obvious you neither understand nor care to understand. In before the white knights.
Good for you! That's not how I interpret it though. In Before the white knights.
Good for you! I can only guestimate your tone at your word choice and your actions. i bristle at the fact that many, many people hide behind wanting to learn more, then burying people in questions when they don't get the answer they wanted. That's how I took your multiple responses on posts about HOW men talk to men and how men completing manual labour gives them an outlet to share inner feelings. So yes, it DOES piss me off that you repeatedly ask HOW that could possibly work instead of bothering to figure out why it works and how to replicate it. It's annoying and patronizing and gets old.
Thanks for the compliment on my english! What I'm saying is your annecdote isn't worth shit, especially if we're using my home country as the rules for talking. Women are supposed to shut the fuck up and walk away when men are discussing men things, they're not even allowed to be in the same room. You can see why I bristle when you pretend to know things you don't know, right? &gt;'m sorry to say that radio image means nothing to me. You're the one that brought it up! how the fuck do you not know anything about it. I'm sorry, but you're just proving my home country right, women shouldn't be allowed in the room when men discuss men things.
Thanks! What I'm telling you is that to build a radio at home you only need an ear piece, a piece of quartz, a razor blade, and some wire. So Saying it's hard and difficult to do is bullshit, as an example.
Nice! Tell me more on how it is to be a gay person of color!
Why do you types always mistake restraint for weakness? Also, I laughed my ass off at "revolt after there's no guns". Trump isn't Hitler. Having communists fighting normal Trump supporters in the street and having them shut down a campaign rally is EXACTLY how you get Hitler and genocides.
I see that the left never changes. Still hiding behind minorities and wanting us killed. Sad!
Who is this YOU GUYS? Nope, just simply stating, look at the history of what happens when your options are between literal communists and literal nazis. Doesn't usually go well for the commies.
Nope, it has nothing to do with the vastly, vastly different levels of outrages. It has NOTHING to do with the vastly, vastly difference in scandals. It has NOTHING to do with the left literally screaming their heads off over a simple C&amp;D letter while 100% ignoring the many, many, many abuses of power under Obama. Welcome to people's give a fuck meters running out on their hypocritical asses. I'll get concerned when we get to 30% of what was going down under Obama. I'm sick and tired of rules for radicals, I'm sick and tired of having my own morality weaponized against myself and my interests. I'm sick and tired of the double legal standards.
You do know that the IRS specifically targeting inconvenient groups is barely the tip of the iceberg, right? Oh, I almost forgot that Wells Fargo sent Obama an email telling him who his cabinet picks were going to be. That was a big deal too. https://wikileaks.org/gifiles/docs/12/1210665_obama-leak-investigations-internal-use-only-pls-do-not.html Obama Leak Investigations (internal use only - pls do not forward) Brennan is behind the witch hunts of investigative journalists learning information from inside the beltway sources. Note -- There is specific tasker from the WH to go after anyone printing materials negative to the Obama agenda (oh my.) Even the FBI is shocked. The Wonder Boys must be in meltdown mode... -------- &gt; The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to hunt down whistleblowers who leaked to journalists more than all previous presidential administrations combined, according to several studies by news organizations. https://www.pbs.org/newshour/spc/multimedia/espionage/ &gt;The Justice Department spied extensively on Fox News reporter James Rosen in 2010, collecting his telephone records, tracking his movements in and out of the State Department and seizing two days of Rosen’s personal emails. https://www.yahoo.com/news/blogs/ticket/obama-admin-spied-fox-news-reporter-james-rosen-134204299.html?ref=gs
&gt;We can go back and forth, administration by administration, listing the respective bullshit Presidents of the party we disagree with did. But you ignored my factual points! And citation required on your bush claim. I'd LOVE to learn about how actually corrupt Bush was, but I've been unable to find actual sources from the horses mouth. Here's my citation for my obama claim. WEIRD! I googled "Citibank picked Obama's cabinet" and I couldn't find a single result from a left leaning rag in the first five pages of results. So I apologize, but here's the original source. https://www.wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/8190 &gt;But no President's wrongdoing, on either side, justifies or excused that of another. Do you understand how pathetic you sound? That pretending sending a Cease and Decist letter is exactly as bad as having a fucking majority donor to your presidency pick your cabinet? As being the president that used THE FUCKING NSA to attack JOURNALISTS critical to him? Such Chutzpah.
Do you have a non washington compost link? I'd much prefer something leaked from the horses mouth. That'd be great. Because Cheney meeting with oil industry execs doesn't exactly have the same ring as "Emailing the president with your demands for advisors". One is considering "lobbying" the other is ... pretty fucking bad. &gt;, I am saying that one is not relevant to the other. "Obama did bad things" is not an excuse for Trump Yes, but Trump is doing things through the courts and legal systems, versus vast abuses of power under Obama. THAT IS AN IMPORTANT DISTINCTION. But please, please, keep going BUT MUH BUSHES. That has literally zero to do with what I've been talking about. Keep trying though, it amuses me. Why won't you address my valid point about the vast disparity in alleged crimes and alleged outrage.
&gt; Oh so now it has to be a LEAK, great goalpost move, previously you wanted a citation, now you've moved the demand to "I need to see the smoking gun". No, I met your originally stated goalpost, I'm not playing games with you. I'm not playing games with you either. I'm simply stating that the Washington Post has proven themselves to be partisan hacks without any semblence of impartiality and I'd LOVE a different link. Are we seriously going to pretend that the last two years never happened? That they never apologized to their readers for biased yellow journalism and then proceeded to continue doing their same bullshit? I honestly don't care what you feel about that; but I'm sorry, like I said, my give a single fuck with regards to them is gone. I trust the National Enquirer more than the washington post, because over the last 10 years they've proven their ability to bring ACTUAL hard hitting journalism to the table. Don't forget they're the ones that broke the charlie Sheen aids story. &gt;Your point is not valid. Your point is "BUT MUH OBAMA" as much as mine is "BUT MUH BUSH", which is exactly what I'm trying to demonstrate. How not? I'm simply asking for you to show me EQUAL abuses and EQUAL media outrage. According to you, it should be super super easy. Evidently not. &gt; You are arguing that one President should get away with bad behavior because another President did something worse, when the two are completely unrelated. What part of I've stopped giving a damn about having my morality weaponized against me do you not understand? What part of "following the letter of the law is fine but weaponizing the NSA, the IRS, and the FBI against political opponsents" is an actual issue do you not understand? The fact that your even trying to compare sending a cease and decease letter versus weaponizing the NSA fucking horrifies me. YOU ARE EXACTLY WHY MY GIVE A DAMN IS BROKEN. I have been called a terrorist for calling out ACTUAL abuses of power under bush, then repeatedly called racist for calling out abuses of power under Obama. Then I got doxxed and fired once over it. So I'm sorry, but I no longer give a single rat's ass about your faux outrage after spending ten years trying to STOP presidential abuses of power. So excuse me. I'm stuck at a cross roads. I'm stuck between trying to preserver our founding father's wishes (and having my morality weaponized against me) or honestly not giving a single fuck until the next president's abuses approach ~30% of what Obama did. This might be my Spic DNA talking, but I'm rapidly, rapidly approaching the point where I want to watch MY GUY do 100% of what the OTHER GUY did and use it to completely destroy my political enemies. I logically know that I shouldn't but after witnessing the faux outrage and witnessing how my own beliefs are weaponized against myself, I am out of give a damn. Blame my spic DNA and blame the system, if things continue the way it is currently going, I'll happily donate and vote for the guy willing to throw commies from helicopters. If I'M the only one caring about the rule of law, why should I actually give a single fuck? History doesn't repeat, it rhymes. Why do you think hispanic countries go through a formulaic formula? Once again, the rule of tens owns the internet.
stahp giving away the secrets!
Citation required.
&gt; Deuteronomy I never realized jewish law was that violent. I was like 80% sure that you're quoting jewish law and I had to go look it up because it's been a while. Turns out you want to convert to judiasm. EDIT TO ADD: Quoting old testament as what Christians have to follow. ALL OF MY SIDES &gt;&gt;Purpose. To lead Israel to obedience and to warn them against disobedience. The spirit and aim of the law is explained in such a way as to present both encouragement and warning. &gt;&gt;Contents. It consists of three addresses of Moses, given on the plains of Moab at the close of the wilderness wanderings of Israel, in which he gives large sections of the law formerly given, together with additions necessary to meet the new conditions. There is also the appointment of Joshua as Moses' successor and the farewell song of blessing of Moses and the record of his death.
Honestly I'd argue at how well East Germans rejoined Germany and weaseled themselves into power is the real driver of the problems in Germany currently. Certainly, killing like 80%+ of the German men that were actually patriotic and proud of themselves didn't exactly help. But, I feel what we're seeing NOW is from East Germany, rather than felt effects 70 years later.
https://youtu.be/rrBxZGWCdgs?t=79 Still my favorite fox short.
And political practices. Bring back dueling!
I'd prefer a pistol brace, tbh.
FIXED IT FOR YOU &gt; The *real* truth: "Woman sues McDonalds after coffee was beyond safely hot, melted her vagina, the same store had been hit numerous times for overheating coffee prior, *and they refused to pay just her hospital bills, leading to the lawsuit*." Who would have thought a lawsuit of "Your coffee melted muh vagina, requiring skin grafts and reconstructive surgery" would have gone over any other way besides making it rain money with a jury?
&gt; I aint votin' on shit, snowflake relax. So, you didn't vote in the last election? &gt;"Resumes with obviously female names had a +48.3% higher chance of getting an interview." &gt;&gt;Read: GETTING AN INTERVIEW And that's not a horrifying statistic to you? What if people with obviously white names were 50% more likely to land an interview? Would you screech about fixing that injustice?
Yep. Look around at how how hard certain segments of the population defend the absolute scum of corporate issues. Be it successfully framing the McDonalds lawsuit as frivolous, or the recent campaign of framing the Net Neutrality debate to talk about the IDEA of net neutrality but not the actual proposed rule change, to the idea of using the government to limit who can run fiber. Whoever is behind thing, made a fuck ton of money by simply politicizing things everyone can agree upon and dividing the masses.
Vice President of the United States, everyone: https://youtu.be/lBTDcKkErPM "It's a beautiful thing"
&gt; The slippery slope is not real. The fact that this is a new headline begs to differ: https://www.dailywire.com/news/25575/watch-ginuwine-accused-transphobia-refusing-kiss-amanda-prestigiacomo Nice strawmen btw.
OPEN MILK
I mean, [What the hell do you have to lose?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-jasg-_E5M&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=43) Meanwhile, african american unemployment is the lowest it's ever been.
He .... makes videos? Anyone have a link to his horribly 90's tips website? NVM. GO TO HIS WEBSITE HERE: http://www.frets.com/HomeShopTech/hstpages.html
good luck and enjoy the conversation over there.
Wages and economics, how the fuck do they work?
Sad Baizuo! SAD! Can't even tell us his ROI1
You'll like this video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuhXkCF-L2E He can't even say the name Trump. And he says WE HAVE NO MAGIC WAND. FUGGGGG
Considering i was taught during my economics minor that "1.5% was the new normal" and "we'd never see 3% growth again" the answer is yes. Lowering taxes is bad, can't control people after that.
It's the standard old crotchety guy website.
Let me know when fix calls black anchors nigger on live tv in response to Trump being evil. Go ask CNN why thesy thought it was wise.
Wouldn't that prove he was well performing because he no longer runs his businesses?
They have an app to avoid street poop there . . .
Blame the Bernie bots for that
Wrong.
How dare people want to keep more of their own money!
Where were you during the Obama years? None of the left cared about deficit then. Tax cuts aren't permanent because none of the left were willing to cross the aisle and vote yes on tax cuts. Sad! If you actually cared (and you don't), you'd be urging the left to support rand Paul's bill to make them permanent.
There's already been atleast two known attempts, most likely more.
&gt; I’m pretty sure unemployment is the worst it’s been in six years What metric of unemployment are we comparing? The before or after Obama cooking the books? &gt;economy has been been growing steadily before trump (#thanksobama) But it wasn't and I just showed you from Obama's own mouth, that the level of insane growth we're currently seeing was impossible. &gt;an illiterate incompetent anti-science childish corrupt lying rapist for a president. That's a lot of buzzwords without any sort of punctuation. I think the only illiterate here is you. You forgot to add in racist and homophobic BTW.
&gt;It's what the founding fathers would have wanted. That's patently untrue. If we did what the founding fathers wanted, we'd be having a LOT of duels.
That was the joke!
&gt; I mean, how can his policies really be considered conservitive lol? They're not. It was HILARIOUS during the primary days to see the True Conservatives^TM were gnashing their teeth and wailing about how TRUMP IS A DEMOCRATIC PLANT! Utter hilarity.
Doesn't power + sex = rape to leftists? Does that mean if I'm a boss and fuck my secretary, it's consensual? Even if she's scared she's going to lose her job?
Next time he does an open call in show I'll ask him. Edit: I just had a shower thought. Why don't liberals have that same level of access ?
&gt; The left have been highly critical of right wingers like Obama. Could have fooled me! OH I GET IT it's just a commie. &gt;Tax cuts for the middle aren't permanent because they are tricking the trump voters. That's 100% factually incorrect. Republicans alone didn't have enough votes required to pass a permanent bill. No Democrats chose to cross the isle. Sad isn't it, that they'll be so petty just for another talking point to scream about. Even YOU won't work across the aisle to make tax cuts permanent because it's not from the glorious leftwing party. SAD! You've got no right to bitch then. How dare people enjoy freedom and less government!
And yet, here we are.
Can confirm, went from voting for Ben Carson to LITERALLY HITLER. I'm like the worst Nazi KKK member ever, right?
So how does that explain the difference between south america and the shit hole known as south africa?
I've posted this rant before against Obama. I can only imagine how nice it feels to have the entire mainstream media backing you and not just labelling you insane for daring to claim Barack Hussein Obama is lying about things.
What the actual fuck di I fucking watch?
&gt; "This is all that we bring to sex—Jewishness is the disease that infiltrates everything. And I need to believe that this truth is as worthy of a war (or a campaign) as the war against the stigma our partners may or may not carry against us."
&gt; Do you respect their right to express their political opinion in public? Not anymore. Tell me again why I should allow illegals to demonstrate publicly? I'd rather them get deported. Fuck it, they've used up all their goodwill, they're now classified as enemies.
&gt; we should seek reconciliation as long as it is reasonably possible Some believe that ship has long sailed.
Tell me why I should favor non American, criminals by virtue of breaking immigration law, over citizens? Why should I be happy that senators are devoting themselves 100% to criminal illegal aliens instead of fixing poverty and crumbling infrastructure for actual Americans. After 10 years of this bullshit my give a damn is broken
I see, I see. So, illegal immigrants are more important than black people? I'm always fascinated to see how the progressive stack shakes out.
&gt;Racial issues in this country and immigration are entirely separate issues that require different solution. That's not correct at all. Unchecked immigration harms the most vulnerable part of our population the most. Who do you think competes with illegal aliens for low paying, low skill jobs? &gt;It is of my opinion that in this country we treat everyone as a citizen regardless of color or national origin. So I see we are in agreement. US citizens are fine, regardless of color or national origin. Illegal Immigrants are NOT fine and are currently committing a crime. Why is it so hard for you to state that?
&gt;It is that government's citizens. Horrifying.
I mean, do you have a custom engined jet? That has gold sinks? If that's what counts as a terrible failure to you, where the FUCK do I sign up? Fuck, can I just get a free Rolls Royce jet engine to be a partial failure?
dat brigading doe
I mean, if you can't understand how Trump uses 4d chess to distract retarded liberals, I'm sorry. It's hilarious to watch. Considering he distracts the window lickers from whatever actual good he's doing, it's glorious. Does no one remember the John Miller tapes? That is what won my vote. [I Didn't leak the tapes. HI DONALD!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnMsUaT6e8k)
Nope. And that's why I was happy to vote for him. Burn down the corrupt bullshit that has flourished under Obama.
I know this, you know this, but thank you for clarifying for the lurkers. I greatly appreciate your service.
I don't understand why you're getting downvotes. ROOT Magazine did a massive "what do black ppl hate the most" deathmatch, and evidently blacks hate "white allies" more than the fucking KKK. HILARITY! https://www.theroot.com/it-s-official-white-allies-are-the-worst-wypipo-in-the-1797481427 https://www.theroot.com/it-s-official-white-allies-are-the-worst-wypipo-in-the-1797481427 https://www.theroot.com/it-s-official-white-allies-are-the-worst-wypipo-in-the-1797481427 https://www.theroot.com/it-s-official-white-allies-are-the-worst-wypipo-in-the-1797481427 https://www.theroot.com/it-s-official-white-allies-are-the-worst-wypipo-in-the-1797481427
Yep! That's what makes him so great. Did you ever see his interviews about his first couple jobs with his dad? His first job ever was picking up cans for recycling. His first "Real" job was hanging sheetrock and it was hilarious. He literally gave that job up in the first week to get paid less to collect rent and get shot at. He also definitely understands the struggle of fellow small business owners working long hours for low pay to keep the people beneath him paid. Can you imagine working OVER DOUBLE the Obama care definition of full time? 35 hours a week? Working 2.42 TIMES what your "full time" employees are working? INSANITY Enjoy a 2006 interview with Forbes. https://www.forbes.com/2006/05/20/donald-trump-jobs_cx_tr_06work_0523trump.html#182b45c42a7a &gt;What was your first job? &gt;&gt;I accompanied my father to his sites and would collect soda bottles with my brother for the deposit money. That was my first income. Later, I went around with the rent collectors to see how that worked. I learned to stand out of the doorway to avoid the possibility of being shot . &gt;How much did you make? &gt;&gt;Not much. It was probably equal to a below-average allowance. . &gt;What did you learn? &gt;&gt;I found that collecting soda bottles was safer than collecting rent. . &gt;How many hours do you work in an average week now? &gt;&gt;Around 85. . &gt;Donald Trump is a real estate investor and host of the hit NBC television show The Apprentice.
But but but, you never actually responded to me, you just insulted me. Why can't you respond to my points? I thought we were having a nice civil conversation here. Why are you calling my terminally hispanic ass mean names? Are you a racist? Why are you insulting me for being a hispanic? Edit to add: Please answer one question for me. Please answer "What do you actually think of me, as a terminally hispanic male that LOVES Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Ex-Dr. President Trump?" Thank you for continuing our conversation and actually answering my questions! Gracias Amigo! Te Amo!
Is it weird that insane SJW's and insane TRUE CONSERVATIVES^TM make the same arguments? Is it wrong it makes my dick tingle with [ANTICI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . PATION](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlwnbcxBuzI&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2) It's great. I get to destroy people on the same coin but different sides.
&gt;There are still the hard sciences which are in stark contrast to the sjw crap. You say that, but my lived experiences beg to differ.
&gt; You think the right is doing a good job running things? Yes, yes I do. &gt; We need sanity, then choose right or left. I agree with you! That's why I vote right wing, because they're way less authoritarian than the left and actually understand what sanity is. &gt;At this point in time we don't have much objectivity or a goal of as much fairness for all citizens from our government I agree with you! Certain people like Hillary Clinton and others are above the law. This is not acceptable. &gt;We need some quality people, period- in congress and the White House. People who can *negotiate reasonably, without pure self interest as the one and only guiding force.* I agree with you! That's why I happily voted Dr. Donald J. Trump into the white house to give us a fighting chance! I'd rather eat a shotgun than suffer through a Hillary presidency after the irreparable damage Obama did to this country. Count me biased, but I went from being 100% okay in living in a 40% black town, to watching racial tensions increase and planning an exit to a much less diverse city.
I agree with you. I've already started firing any democrats I can find in my company. I don't want to listen to idiots that waste my time and don't have the mentality of putting my adopted county and my company first. Come to think of it, I wonder if I can start eliminating my gay employees that are very left wing. They cost me more in health insurance, and if I fire them for being left wing, it's OK to discriminate against them. Due to their statistical rates of STD's I'd save a fuck tonne of money. I'll have to call my health insurance company tomorrow and ask for discounts due to decreasing my risk factors. Thanks for that shower thought! Edit to add: I seem to be getting downvotes, maybe my english not so good. If my english not so good I can comment in spanish and hopefully some kind sould will translate to english for me.
&gt; it's an appeal to our collective sense of brotherhood as a species that we accomplish more together. I share no brotherhood with people that hate me simply for my skin color. I share no brotherhood with people that cut the eyelids off my brothers so they are forced to watch their children and wife be raped in front of them. I share no brotherhood with people that want to torture me to death after raping my wife and children in front of me. I share no humanity with people that despise me for my skin color.
More like no one cares about the suffering of men. We're disposable. Cest la vie. Due to that disposability we can also occasionally reach the stars.
&gt; First, companies and campuses are different Okay, and? How does that apply to Professor owned businesses? &gt;I think an employer should be able to fire and hire based on what people THINK. Glad we see eye to eye! I'm trying to remove as many democrats from my company as possible, and try to black list as many communists as I can. Depending on my phone call tomorrow, I'lll start removing gay people from my company as well! &gt;I wouldn't demand anyone be forced to hire a Nazi. I agree with you! I would LOATHE to hire a Nazi. Do you happen to have any way for me to be able to spot nazis? They've (in my experiences) been very, very sneeky and muy uh difficult to find and root out. What can I use to find more of them? &gt;Whether you can fire people for being gay, which is clearly not a choice, is a different issue. But that's not what the church tells me and Ia gree con ellos. I don't care if employees are attracted to men, but the moment they start fucking men they cost me money in health care costs. I'd rather they go away to save me money so I can pay my normal employees with a raise because they work very good for me. I would rather put money more into my employees then have to pay a lot of healthcare costs. I don't know if makes sense in english, but instead of paying an extra 1,200 a year, I'd rather give my 3 employees a $400 Christmas bonus to share with their kids. Edit to add: If my english not so good I can comment in spanish and hopefully some kind sould will translate to english for me.
Glad to hear how accommodating you are! It's really rare that I find people that will work within my disabilities. I greatly appreciate it! Sleep well and have a wonderful rest!@!
I'm just giggling at it.
Thanks! Both have very valid points, but the amount of similarities between the far left and the different far left Nazis always astound me.
&gt; I can go into detail on how a person would feel finding out they are merely a token hire or made to fit an arbitrary number that doesn't reflect reality, And yet, no one talks about the coworkers of diversity hires. No one talks about the fact that a LOT of people view women or "diverse" people as only being there for their diversity unless they prove themselves otherwise. It's got to be a rough gut punch to have to deal with that attitude daily, that your coworkers automatically assume the worst due to quotas.
&gt; What's wrong with cardboard that could be better accomplished by another material and maintain the open creativity of the players for the developed software? proto-putty or simply mixing silicone caulk with corn starch. Alas, that makes the normies run away screaming, but it would have been a much better product. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fwytA5r2Mw
Congrats!
Yep yep! Daily Amazement is best amazment!
You could use cardboard molds and shit. Allegedly it's non stick after mixing in enough corn starch so it wouldn't be gunky towards controllers
because curing silicone releases acidic vinegar fumes? ? ?
Meanwhile, the root hates white allies more than the fucking KKK. https://www.theroot.com/it-s-official-white-allies-are-the-worst-wypipo-in-the-1797481427 &gt;Like many of their Caucasian counterparts, white allies are notorious for their endearing smiles, well-meaning gestures and feeble attempts at trying to give you some “dap,” but ultimately they will lead to your demise quicker than any Kardashian, Klansman or Kushner ever will. They are the most dangerous. They are the most evil. &gt;There is no reason to fear neo-Nazis or racists screaming at Walmart checkout counters. You can see them coming. In fact, I applaud their passion and transparency. But white allies will stand close enough to smoothly slice open your gut so fast, you won’t even feel it until they’re stomping on your spilled entrails. And they are as slick as they are evil. &gt;I’ve seen white allies in Birmingham, Ala., who work long hours with the underprivileged, but when the opportunity arose for their community to segregate their schools, they stiff-armed those black kids quicker than an NFL running back. &gt;I’ve had neighbors who marched at Black Lives Matter protests and then called the police on a random black kid walking through their neighborhood “looking suspicious” and carrying something under his hoodie. The “suspicious” thing he carried turned out to be a pamphlet showing the different kinds of cookie dough he was trying to sell to raise money for his band camp.
&gt; I do think the memo should absolutely be released. Have you contacted your worthless representatives? &gt;I think it's ridiculous to believe that a memo written by Devin Nunes will undo the Mueller investigation of possible collusion. (which is what I took him to mean by the "narrative that the democrats have been pushing") I see. Multiple proven abuses of power aren't an issue to you. Man, I wish my Republican representatives weren't spineless cucks and would actually weaponize the full force of the government against my enemies in the same form they had it weaponized against them. I would be extremely happy to watch the FBI, the IRS, and FISA warrants be weaponized against enemies of the Constitution. Sad, isn't it, that they roll over and take it up the ass and never retribute in kind?
&gt; We're still waiting for the memo to be released. AS far as previous history bears out, if it was not extremely damaging to the left, it would already have been leaked to mainstream media. Considering the entire house saw it over a week ago and not a breath was leaked, indicates that it's extremely damaging to the Left. I can't wiat.
It's not the words which are the problem as much as we just need more dead ~~nazis~~ Communists. I agree with you on both points fam.
Allegedly bad dragon has gotten pretty damn close, what with different durometers at different thicknesses into a composite.
Actual neo-nazis don't care for Trump. They tolerate him in some ways when their desires align, but feel Trump is way, way, way too tolerant of Jews to actually get behind him. Considering he married his daughter off to a jew (and she converted) and he formally recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, they do have facts behind their viewpoint. But, I don't expect the far left to either understand their enemies viewpoints or to have any argument besides REEE NAZIS.
I mean, they sure as fuck didn't vote for Trump. Trump (in their eyes) failed as a father in allowing his daughter to convert to judiasm, by inserting tons of jews in his administration, and following Kushner in protecting Israel and Jewish interests. So yeah, after watching them hilariously freak out over each new revelation, no they didn't vote for Trump.
That would be correct, yes. Why is it that Leftists are always shocked that the Right doesn't follow the cult of personality in the way they do?
That's why I'm very, very excited for the FTC to be back with it's hands on the internet. Shit will get fun in the future.
Tell him to call his bank. USAA should keep their checks coming, as was their policy in the past. As far as passing a bill in congress to get military people paid, I sincerely doubt it, because the R's don't have enough votes and the D's obviously don't give a single fuck.
&gt; I refuse to believe that ANY funding should be allowed for a wall. Period Fair enough. And I refuse to believe ANY allowance should go to any dreamers or DACA. I also refuse to support any bill that refuses to send money to secure our border. Where do we finally meet in the middle?
&gt;For reasonable people the proposal was perfectly reasonable. Why do you act so shocked that you cant bend over and fuck the right wing anymore? Capitulating to your WRONG demands is NOT perfectly reasonable. Then again, if your DACA bill would ALSO allow national carry and remove the 1968 GCA, I and my two senators I called, would be back at the table. Funny how that works. Reasonable bills are only reasonable when they work in your favor.
&gt; Well, I think it's relevant to note that the bipartisan agreement DOES send money to increase border security, so there's that. So it's building a wall? Is it increasing deportations? Is it funding more boots on the ground? &gt;As far as the Dreamers, it would depend on what you consider "allowance." Do you mean, no money being given to those classified as Dreamers, or no path to citizenship? I'd prefer that they have no path to citizenship. Why should they be allowed to jump in front of my cousins, who are actually following the law?
Why are you linking me to some stupid video? Where's the full bill text? The thing I specifically asked for? EDIT: Nice Downvotes. Evidently McGonnal objected for tonight and said he'd discuss it tomrrow. How dare he hope to fund our government before it becomes necessary? I don't understand your outrage. Care to explain?
So, no, you can't give me a bill name or a link so I can read the text myself? What the hell is wrong with you people? Why do you fear the light? What about the FACT that it was dismissed simply for the night and will be revisited the next day? On something that I still don't know what it will actually do, and because you can't even link me the full text, you expect me to believe in it just based on the name alone. You know, like the patriot act and others. Fuck that shit. I want to be allowed to make an informed decision. FUCK YOU for not giving me that.
WE GOTTA PASS THE BILL TO UNDERSTAND THE BILL I can't imagine why congress critters won't vote on the bill if it's not even available.
I wish they could have. They voted to renew CHIP before the tax cuts, but the senate decided to leave it to the last moment. That's the big problem with having a majority but not a super majority in congress. We're going to have to envoke the nuclear options (which I have abhored since before it was used to pass ObamaCare) but considering it was weaponized against my own interests, I wish to weaponize it against the left. But yeah, they tried and couldn't get enough bipartisan votes. If we weaponize the nuclear options AND MAGICAL GET MULTIPLE RINOS to vote for it, there's hope it could pass. But don't hold your breath, those RINOS hate Trump and everything republican, and are very, very assmad that Trump didn't make this shutdown as painful as possible for the normal citizen. Basically, when your own minority party actively sabatoges you, the only thing that's left is impotently calling your congressmen and screaming at them. A gunpowder plot is completely off the table. There's nothing else besides screaming at them, charge backing the 1k you gave them, and ensuring you don't vote for them next time. They know that, they know they're going to be forgiven, it's just the rules of the game, sadly
&gt; Couple things, first of all, simmer down. Why should I? Daily I learn that the might of the federal government is against me, that the might of both mainstream media and popular idiots are against me, and that the fucking Democrats favor fucking illegal aliens instead of citizens? Now I'm struggling to figure out how to creatively account to not go out of business and to prevent literal kids from fucking dying? Yes, I'm fucking mad. I no longer have money to give people fucking chemo. ALL BECAUSE THE FUCKING DEMOCRATS WANT TO GIVE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS CITIZENSHIP. And I can't afford to give citizens chemo without cooking the books and putting my neck on the line. Yes I'm fucking mad. VERY FUCKING MAD. FUCK YOU. &gt; the bill that McKaskill is referencing is this one, which was to serve as the template. AND YET, YOU STILL CANT GIVE ME TEXT. &gt;Third of all, Mcconnell said that the reason he was objecting is because he "hoped" that the shutdown would be fixed before it affected our military. AND yet I shockingly agree? &gt;Do you think it's smart to strand our men and women in uniform because of a "hope"? I mean, I'd rather it not come to this, but if the Democrats won't even come to the table, why the fuck should the Republicans give them table scraps to look less bad? To be honest, I'd rather the military stay unfunded, and I called my congress faggots to that extant, because the quicker the Democrats come to their senses and stop this petty bullshit, the quicker I can keep affording to give kids chemo to stay alive. So I'm sorry, if defunding the military (and letting the USAA give free pay day loans) till the DEMOCRATS stop this bullshit, I'm fine with it. I don't give a single rats ass about people that are currently receiving 0% payday loans. I care more about children that can't afford chemo. And meanwhile, here's SCHUMER talking about how exactly a shutdown can work, and how it's going to get him exactly what he wants. What's your response to that level of despicableness? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHiX5jGAF-A
Edit to add: Tell me how many of these are correct. I'm guessing you're both a female, and possibly autistic, a non Trump supporter, and don't actually give a single fuck about the military. I'm also going to postulate that you're not politically interested because if you were you'd know the Republicans voted on CHIP before tax cuts. I'd also like to double down and guess you're not at all in the healthcare field and have no idea about what goes on with regards to billing and actually keeping the lights on.
Your link to the bill mysteriously didn't have any text. Are you a retarded aspie? Also, Nice avoiding all of my salient points. I have funding for 1 dose of chemo on my chip patients left. What do I do? How do I continue them on their biweekly chemo doses? I can only get paid if my claims are submitted within 30 days of administeration. If I don't have any income coming in, in the next 2 weeks, I can't afford any new doses. What do I do? I either lie on their paperwork and risk going to jail, or stop giving them chemo. All because the DEMOCRATS value illegal aliens more than citizens. What the fuck do I do?
So, you answered two of seven questions. Thanks, I guess.
Weird, when you first posted it, it said was text was going to be uploaded. I was very, very mad at your patheticness. I'm only partially through that bill and am already up in arms in what it funds. I'm extremely mad that it removes spending ceilings. &gt;That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso:
Thanks for the disparaging remarks! Why I asked if you were female, is I've noticed throughout my life that women have a distinct lack of empathy if it's not something that directly affects them and it's something I noticed in your responses. I just wanted confirmation. Thanks again for answering my questions on keeping children alive thanks to the removal of money thanks to the democrats. I either get funding in the next ten days, or I stop buying chemo drugs. Additionally, that bill you showed was faggotry. I refuse to fund the CIA retirement plan if the government can't even give me fucking money to give children chemo. &gt;Central Intelligence Agency Retirement And Disability System Fund &gt;For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000.
And? You expect me to have blind faith behind someone just because of the letter behind their name? Sad! Your links don't even list who drafted it, simply who sponsored it. And I've already found enough parts I disagree with to call my senators and scream at them.
Because I want to ensure they don't attempt to pass it in the future. . .
Well, it'd be nice if you could give actual sources in the case of men facing actual accusations of rape. . .
You're looking for agreeing under duress or some shit. The same ruling used to throw away prenups.
I just wish a message didn't have to be framed in the term of women to get society to listen to it. That'd be fucking nice.
Why? Because for once in my life I'd appreciate not being gaslit. Now there's no ability for me to find what you stated and what I responded to. I don't even know if it WAS you I was responding to, and your comment history has no answers for me. So yes, I'm tired of being fucking gaslit.
*, *, *You're *; Learn2Grammar It just really irks me when retards delete their post and POOF it's completely gone. You have no proof of what you were discussing, or what you took offense enough about to comment about, or any of that. It's rather annoying. Maybe just maybe, your behavior online is the same you do at home? And maybe, just maybe, it causes the same problems? Or is that too out of the box?
&gt; women are children and if they aren't challenged on their bullshit they'll just get increasingly more out of control until it all spirals into chaos. I mean, the way Sweden has gone has proven them right. Or do you have an alternative explanation for the collapse of sweden?
Nice rebuttal.
I mean, they're the first proudly feminist government. So yes, yes I blame them for their own destruction. Why don't you?
Ok! My terminally hispanic ass is standing tall in my white sheet. What do I do next?
HOW DARE PEOPLE WANT TO SPEND 100 BILLION IMPROVING THDEIR OWN COUNTRY! HOW DARE WE NOT WANT TO BRIBE COUNTRIES TO NOT KILL US. https://www.foreignassistance.gov/explore https://ngoaidmap.org/
&gt; Sweden may have more problems than they used to I mean, considering they're basically going back to the biker wars, *should* be very concerning. That'd be a fun case study actually, to see if there's more or less violence as during that time period. &gt;I'm pretty sure it's alt-right propaganda that the country has collapsed/is collapsing. I'm pretty sure claiming they're collapsed is hyperbole, but when you read more and more articles like this, it seems fair to claim they're in a slow collapse. https://www.thetimes.co.uk/edition/world/teens-roam-streets-with-rifles-as-crime-swamps-sweden-q83g055k9
Congrats on him for actually standing up to an actually oppressive government. From the US DEPT OF STATE Penalties for the import, manufacture, possession, and consumption of alcohol or illegal drugs in Saudi Arabia are severe. Convicted offenders can expect long jail sentences, heavy fines, public floggings, and/or deportation. The penalty for drug trafficking is death. **Faith-Based Travelers:** Islam is the official religion of the country and pervades all aspects of life in Saudi Arabia. Saudi authorities do not permit criticism of Islam, religious figures, or the royal family. The government prohibits the public practice of religions other than Islam. Non-Muslims suspected of violating these restrictions have been jailed. Church services in private homes have been raided, and participants have been jailed. Muslims who do not adhere to the strict interpretations of Islam prevalent in much of Saudi Arabia frequently encounter societal discrimination and constraints on worship. Public display of non-Islamic religious articles, such as crosses and Bibles, is not permitted. Non-Muslims are forbidden to travel to Makkah (Mecca) and Medina, the cities where two of Islam’s holiest mosques are located. See the [Department of State’s International Religious Freedom Report.](https://www.state.gov/j/drl/rls/irf/religiousfreedom/index.htm#wrapper) **LGBTI Travelers:** Same-sex sexual relations, even when they are consensual, are criminalized in Saudi Arabia. Violations of Saudi laws governing perceived expressions of, or support for, same sex sexual relations, including on social media, may be subject to severe punishment. Potential penalties include fines, jail time, or death. **Women Residents and Travelers:** Women must be met by their sponsor upon arrival according to Saudi Arabia’s regulations. Women who are traveling alone and are not met by sponsors have experienced delays before being allowed to enter the country or to continue on other flights. Married women, *including non-Saudis*, require their husband's permission to depart the country, while *unmarried women and children require the permission of their father or male guardian*. A mother’s consent will not suffice: minor children must have their father’s permission in order to leave the Kingdom. Children visiting their fathers in Saudi Arabia, even when there is a custody agreement, may be prevented from leaving unless the father consents. This is true even if the child is a U.S. citizen. The U.S. Embassy cannot obtain exit visas for the departure of minor children without their father's permission. https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/international-travel/International-Travel-Country-Information-Pages/SaudiArabia.html
It's okay when we do it, the hamstering.
And yet, none of the people on the "good" side will address the actual problem. Watch this full video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsrC5QV_Yrc Then realize that's standard police training videos for a long, long time. Don't forget when interviewed, the perp stated he killed the cop "Because the cop allowed it". Don't forget the cop was disciplined for being too aggressive a couple weeks before this occured. He was WAY too lenient. You retards can recognize an issue but yet swing and miss on both how to effective change hearts and minds. But, instead of evidence based conclusions, it's just race baiting, the whole way down.
Uh, I thought we covered this, and Ted Cruz [put out a public statement saying his father wasn't part of the JFK killers.]( https://twitter.com/tedcruz/status/920709146789515272/photo/1) He earned my vote in 2020 for that memery.
Bad Bot
Maybe they could call it the journalist list? And maybe abbreviate it to journolist? And maybe run a forum and an email of joinder? Naw, that would never work.
How does that jive with "We'll have those niggers voting Democrat for the next 200 years" Johnson?
Yes.
How dare we stop subsidizing people that use horrific chemicals in an environmentally unsafe manner with no government controls? Am I doing this right?
Did they uh miss, where Trump tactically nuked the Republican party and got way more new voters? Did they miss where the evangelicals were told to sit down and shut up and we all rejoiced? Did they miss the hilarity of the primaries? Where my Ben Carson voting ass ended up voting for trump? [Here's the 90 second clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQv54IQoN2M) [here's a 15 minute clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj3QFBX9P_c) AIR HORN! When TRUMP was the only Republican that defended BEN CARSON in the primary debates, is when he won my vote. Sad! I'm an evil racist!
Your dipshit ass knows the wall defeated sof forces in testing. Right.
It won't. They're doing exactly what they want. To have a Mao Style great leap forward, with kangaroo courts and struggle sessions all include.
BELIEVE WOMEN BIGOT
Welcome to male privilege.
Uhhhhhhh /u/fac1 You know this is a BETTER NASA then we used to have, right? Nasa was downsized from space exploration to muslim outreach a couple years back. They killed rocket programs in favor of muslim outreach. THIS IS AN UPGRADE! DONT COMPLAIN! https://www.judicialwatch.org/blog/2010/02/nasa-focus-muslim-outreach/
That ship sailed years ago. Trump says he wants to return to the moon and go to mars (manned). I have reservations on it actually happening. https://www.judicialwatch.org/blog/2010/02/nasa-focus-muslim-outreach/
I ... disagree. WE WUZ SPACE KANGZ does not need funding from me. Fuck them, don't take my tax dollars. &gt;No good juatification for spending money on that, but otherwise harmless. I'd rather, you know, have NASA waste my tax dollars ON FUCKING SPACE RESEARCH OR RESEARCH FOR AERONAUTICS FOR THE CIA TO RUN ANOTHER OXCART PROGRAM. I do not want the fucking NASA using my tax dollars to tell poor oppressed muslims that WE WUZ KANGZ OF SPACE. &gt;This is pure Orwellian anti-scientific, divisive, dishonest indoctrination. And that's exactly what telling Muslims they were the forefront of space exploration is.
I mean, with NASA I'll take any upgrade I can take. I mean shit, if they went from "MUSLIM OUTREACH" to "EXPLORING THE OCEANS" . . . fuck it, that's atleast a 50% upgrade. If they're now back to exploring space, fuck it, it's a 75% upgrade. DONT QUESTION IT PLEASE! DONT MAKE THEM GO BACK
&gt; The bots don't always work. Your fingers, however, should That sounds like ableist language. Reported.
tbh if I made millions I'd be more likely to buy an island and be a hermit.
But muh speech to text!!!
&gt; But you can make the argument that they are polluting themselves mostly, so we shouldn't care as much. So then do we need to care about global climate change and global conservation efforts? It's the biggest glaring double standard in my eyes. Aside from copying western patents, don't forget research being stolen. Also yes, free trade and price cutting isn't a great thing to have happen.
I'm pretty sure we need to go back to reactivate the nazi moonbases. There's some great mechanical engineering stuff that can be done in low gravity. But realistically, showing that as a country that we are not declining, is another big reason.
Kek. And yet, Hitler (and the german people) were less racist (by not snubbing him) towards him then the sitting president. We might need to get back to the drawling board for a better example. http://historynewsnetwork.org/article/571 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1205901/Forget-Hitler--America-snubbed-black-Olympian-Jesse-Owens.html
My bad, it was only 5 Democrats voting Yes. So 2.7% of them. Pretty damn evil imho. http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2015/roll506.xml https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/house-bill/3504/actions It'd be nice to you know, hold people criminally liable for leaving born alive babies to die, being forced to take them to the hospital instead of just leaving them to die, criminalizing killing the baby, and protecting the mother from any charges. That'd be damn nifty. &gt;This bill contains criminal penalties to punish abortion providers who fail to give medical attention and care to these infants. It mandates that any child born alive after a failed abortion be transported to a hospital instead of remaining in the care of the abortionist. It requires that health-care practitioners and hospital employees report violations of the law, and it institutes penalties for the intentional killing of a born-alive child, including fines and up to five years imprisonment. The bill would also grant the woman on whom the abortion is performed civil cause of action and protection from prosecution if her child is not cared for after birth.
PLZ YES. SOY TIO JUANITO Y I SELL TACOS
But that's not the point? Is vetoing that bill objectively evil?
Found the barrel racer?
&gt;Voting for racist people who enact racist policies and say racist things makes you racist. That goes for anyone who voted Republican even before Trump. GREAT LEAP FORWARD COMRADE
And this one is a doozie. Trump supporters are WORSE then Nazi voters, kek. &gt;The historian in me does want to point out that the way a lot of people discuss people who voted for the Nazi party is entirely anachronistic and completely coloured by what happened later rather than what the party originally ran the election on. A lot of syllabuses about Germany in that era are terrible and sometimes downright historically inaccurate and, as a professional historian, it really, really pisses me off. *Yes, the Nazis did horrible things that were horrible even in the time in which they did them and that should never be excused, but mass murder was not the platform they ran on.* Again, that’s not to say the platform didn’t include a lot of hate, it did, but *to suggest that people who voted for the Nazis voted knowingly for genocide like a lot of history classes do is anachronistic and wrong.* &gt;Concerning Trump however, so far *the platform he ran on has definitely been what he’s tried to achieve so in that respect I would definitely agree with the post*. Where I have a slight issue with the wording is that KKK members do and have statistically voted in most elections, in a (predominately) two party system you can pretty much guarantee that a decent proportion of normal, not-racist people have voted the same way as members of the KKK at some point. *The difference with Trump to me is that the KKK membership didn’t just vote for Trump, the organisation publicly and vocally endorsed him*, and he all but praised their views in return. That we haven’t really seen since mid-20th century and that is the point where you would expect a lot of those “regular” voters to cringe and not vote that way. *That didn’t happen and that is hella concerning and, to me, one of the main reasons this statement rings so true (it also happens to be something I’m currently trying to write a journal article about).* TIL trump voters are worse then nazi voters. How interesting.
&gt; Illegal immigration is a relatively small issue Costing the average american citizen 1,114 a year is not a small issue.
Enough? I always just made it like .... lightly slushy? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ8ZEKI9-yc
Go read up on how they quantify 'bots'. It's as bad as you think. That also includes twitter users with the Russian alphabet in their names, you know, the thing that became a meme for a while?
Good rundown. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FntZKz9fXp8
&gt; The thing is though, Black panther looks like it'll be neat. Ignoring the whole "this movie is going to terrible inflame racial tensions even further then how bad they currently are" but like, how are they this dumb? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't black panther set in * Wakanda Which is basically the WE WUZ KANGZ alternative history of africa without wyppl? And this country is basically a nationalistic ethnostate? And the enemy of this utopia of the state is a CIA / ex special forces soldiers getting involved (and they're white)? And they're internal factions that want to expose this nationalistic ethnostate utopia to the evil outside white world? I'm pretty sure there's all female presidential guards in the mix as well. The memes are going to write themselves. I'm going to laugh my ass off at how badly this backfires. They've earned my $10.
What about a 240 volt welder that's diesel powered? Should allow you to limp somewhere.
Turbine electric is the answer you seek.
You didn't know Hitler was a massive lefty when it came to the environment and animals? This is well covered history. It was pathetic actually. Who the hell legislates against the boiling of lobsters and crabs or cutting up bait animals? That's insanity. The Nazis were really, really big on animal welfare and the environment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_welfare_in_Nazi_Germany &gt;Germany was the first nation to ban vivisection.[11] A law imposing total ban on vivisection was enacted on August 16, 1933, by Hermann Göring as the prime minister of Prussia.[12] He announced an end to the "unbearable torture and suffering in animal experiments" and said that those who "still think they can continue to treat animals as inanimate property" will be sent to concentration camps.[8] On August 28, 1933, Göring announced in a radio broadcast:[13] &gt;On August 28, 1933, Göring announced in a radio broadcast:[13] &gt;&gt;An absolute and permanent ban on vivisection is not only a necessary law to protect animals and to show sympathy with their pain, but it is also a law for humanity itself.... I have therefore announced the immediate prohibition of vivisection and have made the practice a punishable offense in Prussia. Until such time as punishment is pronounced the culprit shall be lodged in a concentration camp.[13] &gt;Göring also banned commercial animal trapping and imposed severe restrictions on hunting. He prohibited boiling of lobsters and crabs. In one incident, he sent a fisherman to a concentration camp[13] for cutting up a bait frog.[11] &gt; On 3 July 1934, a law Das Reichsjagdgesetz (The Reich Hunting Law) was enacted which limited hunting. The act also created the German Hunting Society with a mission educate the hunting community in ethical hunting &gt;In 1934, Nazi Germany hosted an international conference on animal welfare in Berlin.[20] On March 27, 1936, an order on the slaughter of living fish and other poikilotherms was enacted. On March 18 the same year, an order was passed on afforestation and on protection of animals in the wild.[10] On September 9, 1937, a decree was published by the Ministry of the Interior which specified guidelines for the transportation of animals.[21] In 1938, the Nazis introduced animal protection as a subject to be taught in public schools and universities in Germany -------------- Shit, edit to add: They also had huge programs on getting kids out into the woods, in planting trees, and propoganda was run about healthy food being critical for social justice or more like national justice, but you get the idea.
Right. The poster I was responding to was saying that Trump is worse than Hitler, especially because of how terrible Trump is for the environment. I was sharing a giggle with you about how wrong they were, because Hitler and the Nazis literally were giant Leftists when it came to the environment and animals. WHO THE FUCK MAKES IT ILLEGAL TO BOIL SHELLFISH?! Even California isn't that bad! I was having a giggle with you about how wrong their specific bone of contention was!
It was Irony. You know, having a chuckle at the hilarious hyperbole and yet also having a giggle at how wrong that poster was. I'm glad you enjoyed it! Seriously though, who the fuck passes laws against unethically killing fish? Fucking hell. Sheer absurdity leads to humor.
Oh man, that was massively our bad. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlz3-OzcExI Obviously you want to train the world that if you're making NBC weapons, and then participate 100% with the USA, they WILL kill you. See what I mean? This is hilarious cluster.
&gt; How is her mother black, but she is 66.4% european? Because her mom wasn't 100% black? We hilariously follow the one drop rule here in the states. The vast majority of blacks here in the states aren't 100% black. To pull some stats for you: &gt;* According to Ancestry.com, the average African American is 65 percent sub-Saharan African, 29 percent European and 2 percent Native American. &gt;And for our African-American male guests, there has been still another astonishing fact revealed about their paternal ancestry — their father's father's father's line — through their y-DNA: A whopping 35 percent of all African-American men descend from a white male ancestor who fathered a mulatto child sometime in the slavery era &gt;African Americans they've tested range from 53 percent to 95 percent sub-Saharan African, 3 percent to 46 percent European and zero percent to 3 percent Native American. Basically, everyone fucks.
Some PHD's sparknote video: https://youtu.be/Ux74kJLv7KY?t=35 An actual decent documentary. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZW38-WXdyM They had a penchant for live dissections. Edit: As bad as this sounds, the Nazi's kept records of their "research" that was done. The Japanese .... honestly didn't. Then they were pardoned for their research into bioweapons.
If you're actually interested in learning more about it, I'd be happy to bounce you some other text links and primary sources. For whatever reason, between the US army granting them amnesty and how forgotten it became, and now the inability to rationally discuss minorities in less than stellar light, it's really never discussed. For fucks sake, they field tested PLAGUE BOMBS on Chinese Civilians. https://www.ranker.com/list/facts-about-japanese-world-war-two-unit-731-experiments/christopher-myers https://unit731.org/experiments/ https://medium.com/@jeff_kaye/department-of-justice-official-releases-letter-admitting-u-s-amnesty-of-unit-731-war-criminals-9b7da41d8982 http://www.nytimes.com/1995/03/17/world/unmasking-horror-a-special-report-japan-confronting-gruesome-war-atrocity.html?pagewanted=all
I mean, give this PHD's video a chance, huh? It really, really bothers me that people shut down any conversation about the absolute ATROCITIES that the Japanese committed. Everyone knows what the Nazis did, but no one remembers or talks about the Japanese. It horrifies me. https://youtu.be/Ux74kJLv7KY?t=35 An actual decent documentary. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZW38-WXdyM Some text links: For fucks sake, they field tested PLAGUE BOMBS on Chinese Civilians. https://www.ranker.com/list/facts-about-japanese-world-war-two-unit-731-experiments/christopher-myers https://unit731.org/experiments/ https://medium.com/@jeff_kaye/department-of-justice-official-releases-letter-admitting-u-s-amnesty-of-unit-731-war-criminals-9b7da41d8982 http://www.nytimes.com/1995/03/17/world/unmasking-horror-a-special-report-japan-confronting-gruesome-war-atrocity.html?pagewanted=all
&gt; What makes plague bombs worse than napalm? Persistence and non-discriminatory behavior. For that same reason we have no qualms using JDAMS or other munitions but no longer employ landmines. &gt;Literally burning to death and watching the skin melt off your bones, rolling around and screaming hoping your brain melts to me is maximum bomb atrocity. Good for you? It shocks me that you seem to think a single use and actually targeted weapon is somehow worse then releasing indiscriminative diseases. &gt;It sounds like the only reason why you're spamming this in a holocaust thread is because it makes white people look bad. You're mentally ill, you don't care about the Chinese at all, you just care about how the holocaust makes white people look bad so you instantly try to change the subject. That's pretty demented, man. Say what now? Where did that even come from? How can you project so heavily my motivations? Why are you slyly implying a hispanic is a white supremacist? That's pretty low and just sad. Let me guess, you don't even know what the USA did to the Hmong people, right?
&gt; I just don't think that the format of that conversation should be "my genocide is worse." Just appropriate how horrible they are on there own. I think the problem is people aren't able to disconnect between "if something is worse that means the other thing is good" and they're two different types of worse. They're different flavors of the same horribleness, but one is entrenched in the public consciousness and the other is unremembered. Hopefully that makes sense? Enjoy those links and learning! Then it won't be so forgotten!
Considering your last reply to me was a racist attack on me for being hispanic, we're done here. Stop being so racist, it's not a good look.
Welcome to Islam and Nation of Islam. Go watch Memri TV, it's fucking hilarious.
I think it's an old cardboard ... wrinkler for lack of better term. aka 1930's bubble wrap.
With the sheer mainstream dehumanizing of republicans and Trump supporters in the media, in the news, and in every public sphere the left controls, yes. It's echo's of South Africa's radio broadcasts.
&gt; Drag without the celebration and protection of Brown and Black Queer folks is anti-Queer YES, keep eating yourselves. PLEASE DO. To be queer, you have to be pro-brown and black. You can't be apolitical, but rather must be proactively activist.
&gt; This is why the men's rights movement is a natural fit with socialism Fuck. That.
That's literally the fucking opposite of what I stated. Try again.
Very very true. Gotta intertwine all oppressed groups into communism to get the glorious utopia.
I'm shocked that you managed to take "I love communism" from my comments. The only good commie is a dead commie. You might need to re-calibrate your IFF
What? That they claim to be for equality? They're not. They're communists in panties.
And yet, they advocate for equality of outcome. Really activates my almonds!
And yet, it's true.
INSHALLAH WHITE SHARIA NAO! I mean, excuse me, I'm trying to follow their stereotypes.
I mean, he's already fucked with us over on the T_D many, many times. But he can't get rid of us because we're one of the most popular subreddits according to the redacted advertising data. This is what makes me laugh my ass off, because they're stuck in here with us. If they nuke T_D, the website would die.
DAS RITE CRACKER!
That's where you're wrong Kiddo!
And that's your opinion, commie.
Pray tell, tell the cuban that he doesn't know what communism is. Fuck off.
I've read on here that deep frying well done steaks make them come out okay. Not a chef (but I love your humor), but I'm curious to know if that's true.
Not just that, but it's hilariously illegal. Think Florida man tier shennanigans.
Thanks! I mean, for well done meat, how bad could it actually be?
They still blame the bernie bros? Bwahaha. &gt;where “Bernie” spends the entire movie determined to destroy the “evil” Hillary while “Trump” uses the manufactured distraction to pull off a victory,
Oh no worries fam. I still cry at mossbergs electronic primers, and dirt cheap bolt guns, and $1 primers.
Exactly my point.
Nah, their goldfish don't have the attention span
And this applies to straight people with kinks. Where's our month?
So they're not the same, and thus they incur different roles and responsibilities?
&gt;saved usernames and passwords How would they like someone with access to a corporate account suing them for hacking a medical database? Sounds like an idea that was never run past legal. THANKS TO THE PATRIOT ACT WE CAN CALL THEM TERRORIST HACKERS!!!
&gt; Ya'll Stop appropriating my culture.
Are the genders equal or not? If they are, women should never have gotten the right to vote, without the responsibility of the draft. If they are not, then what responsibilities and rights should each gender have? Because, if one gender has a greater set of responsibilities than the other gender, than logically they should have more rights due to this. Which is it?
Honestly, I'd take a long hard look at Harbor frieght, just for their replacement warranty. Buy their higher quality tools, and know that you can get them replaced same day when the inevitable abuse happens. I'd also cruise pawnshops and yard sales for the larger tools.
&gt; I don't think the draft should be gender specific, either Good. Me either! Call your senator and try to get them to craft a bill to force women to sign up for selective services! I called mine and got laughed at. Hopefully you can be the change you want to see. &gt;But you can't blame people for waiting until they got the right to vote before they got the right to serve in the military which wouldn't happen for decades later Certainly blaming people for wanting rights without responsibilities is fine, right? Certainly blaming people who campaigned for rights that men actively dying in combat were denied, without ever seeing the same responsibilities is acceptable as well? &gt;I might note also, that women did aid the military effort to the extent that they could voluntarily as civilians during WWI and especially WWII. And? I should give a fuck why? 16 american females dies during WWII due to enemy action. You're just blowing a smoke screen across unequal rights and responsibilities. WE don't agree at all, you want to continue keeping your female priviledge at the expense of men. I ask again. Knowing that the rights and responsibilities and effects of those on both genders are horribly unequal, are both genders equal? Why can't you simply answer the question? Your response implies that NO the genders are NOT equal. So I'd like to propose that with unequal responsibilities comes unequal rights.
Are the genders equal or are they not? We don't share equal rights and responsibilities under the current rules, so no, they are not. So why do women enjoy equal rights, without equal responsibilities? How do you propose to solve this inequality against men?
So are the genders equal? Why aren't you advocating for women to need to sign up for the draft to be able to vote, to get federal college loans, and to avoid prison? Are the genders equal or not? EDIT: Of course she never answered my question, but picked on other people. Of course XIR did.
FTC is the ones with teeth, who you want to contact. And this is why net neutrality being rejected by Trump was a good thing, because regulations of this sort got kicked from the toothless FCC to the FTC who actually get chubbies over this sort of bad practice. Here's the firehose of knowledge. Enjoy, https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/ftcs-endorsement-guides-what-people-are-asking And how to file a complaint: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/media/video-0054-how-file-complaint
Nope, we envy you for your supposed bigotry.
Sure, why the fuck not.
Disagree strongly. FCC is a paper tiger. There's a reason why hams (aka old white radio autists) are their main monitoring and police force. Sure, the FCC might crack down on you, but if you're not egregious in your violations, you just get a strongly worded letter. They're the UN of the alphabets. FTC actually gets starts heavy breathing when it comes to illegal practices. Like how the ATF starts heavy breathing when they realize you own a dog.
No, not at all.
&gt;Feelings aren't wrong. They aren't right. They just are. They can, however, modify our perceptions or ability to integrate new data, and for that reason it's important to acknowledge and process them. &gt; &gt;Women have that first part of problem resolution down; the processing of emotions. Men have the second part down; implementation. Both are needed for healthy problem solving. By that logic, we shouldn't allow women to vote. Because per your logic, women are ruled by their emotions. Facts don't care about your feelings
&gt;I guess if you are unable to grasp the difference between groups and individuals, And yet, I'm the one saying AS A GROUP. Care to try again? Your argument is false, and we both know it. &gt;indeed the english language That's pretty bigoted of you, it's not my fault english is my third language. Care to try again? Women (in multiple countries) are not net tax payers. It's settled science and a very reasonable conclusion. From easiest to hardest reading. [https://pjmedia.com/drhelen/2016/08/18/the\-real\-gender\-gap\-the\-tax\-gap/](https://pjmedia.com/drhelen/2016/08/18/the-real-gender-gap-the-tax-gap/) [http://judgybitch.com/2016/08/16/reblog\-research\-find\-that\-as\-a\-group\-only\-men\-pay\-tax/](http://judgybitch.com/2016/08/16/reblog-research-find-that-as-a-group-only-men-pay-tax/) [https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract\_id=2375926](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2375926) [https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs\-soi/taxclassbs.pdf](https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-soi/taxclassbs.pdf)
I disagreed with you because you thought the FCC was anything besides a paper tiger. I must have taken your comments wrong. I really, really don't like the FCC. THEY ARE TOOTHLESS
And? Why are we trying to change their culture? Do you agree with trying to change middle eastern culture? Maybe to make them less violent and more accepting of gays?
Exactly my point. I guess we're slightly off target from one another.
My heart, you've stolen it. Teach me the way of the motherland.
Way late response, BUT, you do know their logic, right? Their logic is YES that proves that AND they have an in-group preference, and thus why they need to be destroyed. Their logic is the same as SJW's but targeted at the actual 1%. This is what happens when Ident-politics comes back.
So you won't apologize to a non native english speaker? And you still don't bring any arugments to the table? SAD! PATHETIC!
Sad! Very shameful!
Not really. It's just MAOism 101. You just witnessed the 21st century version of a struggle session.
&gt;apocalyptic lawless land because of shootings in America Depends on what part of the country you're in, yeah. It's more Anarcho-tyranny based on feels when it's a very left wing place. For fucks sake, we have multiple states ignoring both federal drug and immigration laws, but the moment some states decided to ignore federal gun laws, that got shut down HARD.
That was and extremely coherent and well thought out reply. Thanks!
Go look up how many times that famous photo of flying the USSR flag over Berlin was photoshopped. Getting your troops photographed wearing four watches is bad optics.
Try debating the points raised, instead of simply going REEEE NAZIS and instantly mashing the dehumanizing rhetoric. You don't see the hilarious irony in calling what you perceive as Nazis, rats A simply google search tells you he IS jewish, from the mother's side. So instead of your ... response, you could have had an interesting discussion on if jews are considered white, or even see themselves as white. Because that's an really interesting discussion, that leads to extremely interesting opeds in my jewish times. Like these. [http://atlantajewishtimes.timesofisrael.com/jews-white-complicated/](http://atlantajewishtimes.timesofisrael.com/jews-white-complicated/)
What's old is new again! \&gt; The issue became prominent in the 1970s and 1980s due to the systematic political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union, where approximately one-third of the political prisoners were locked up in psychiatric hospitals. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2800147/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2800147/)
No.
Hilarious that you keep getting downvoted for actually decent advice.
&gt; Fucking lol at me being to mean to Nazi's. Oh I called a nazi a rat, boo fucking hoo. Sorry this isn't the daily stormer or some alt right discord. No one cares about the your precious feelings. Who said I'm a Nazi? Can brown Latino's even be Nazis? Nazis repeatedly tell me I'm oven food. Now I'm doubly confused. &gt;Sorry, I have no problems "dehumanizing" nazi's ...becuase that is all they do. I'm not the one bringing up the 'jews' in every single topic like a broken goddamn record. Then don't be shocked when people dehumanize people like you. Don't be shocked when the political discussion in this country devolves even more. Don't be shocked when your violence is met with violence. I'm fine with that, I can flee back home. You might not be able to. I'd just like to not see the level of political discussion become like my home country. It completely destroyed it. But if that's to happen here, oh well. &gt;I don't want to have a pointless conversation with you about jews being white, becuase newsflash, normal people don't fret and worry about how Jewish someone is. I mean, even MY jewish friends don't know if they're white. This is wrong and pointless how? If everything is identity politics based on skin color (the entire thing you're brought to the table) then it's CRITICAL to know if jews are white. IF they're white, they're my oppressors and thus my enemy. If they AREN'T white, then they're my allies in my struggle against white racism as a person of color. &gt;No one watched DeadPool 2, and thought to themselves "Hmm What about the (((jewish))) movie reviewers ". I have literally no idea what you're referencing. &gt;We don't have time for your stupid (( investigations)) into nonsense. So is identity politics valid or not? Does skin color matter? &gt;Edit: I figured a nazi would find my rat quip funny. Considering that's how they talk about everyone else. Can you PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE explain to me how I'm a Nazi? Actual fucking Nazis happily tell me to my face that I'm too brown for the ethnostate and deserve to be oven food. I'm so glad that the left is so fucking tolerant, that they make LITERAL Nazi's seem to be more tolerant. You detest me, they just want me to go back to my country.
*depression
Genetics isn't bananas, it's simple science. Punnett Squares are great. Simple bloodtypes are A, B, *i* (recessive gene). *I I* would be type O So, if you're A, and he's be, your genotype is A*i* and his is B*i* \*EDIT\*: Assuming that you never cheated on him This means the possible bloodtypes of your children are: ||B|*i*| |:-|:-|:-| |A|AB|A*i*| |*i*|B*i*|*i i*| So you guys mating means you can get any and all blood types. Now if you were Type A and he was Type AB, you'd have some splaining to do. Edit: Why the fuck am I getting downvoted for simply explaining how blood type inheritance works? Why are people so anti-science?
Orange is bad. Very bad. That's rust. Learn 2 browning padawan.
.... Are you kidding me? This is an insult to my family that perished during that time period. If anything, we should be praising the weimar republic, because that was a shining star of freedom in comparison to the current state of America.
I strongly disagree with your assertion that rape and crime are inherint in being hispanic. how racist and bigoted can yoube?
So what happens if I get a charge and go to jail? Will my children stick with me in a detention center?
&gt; Most people aren't imprisoned for misdemeanors. That's news to me; I was. As was my friend. Don't you think it's a little bit wrong that actual citizens committing less important crimes are catching harsher sentences than actual illegal aliens? Isn't our country supposed to care about our most vulnerable population? When I find out that I spent 3 weeks in jail on auto registration charges, and illegal aliens are spending less time in the same jails, or more time in jails that are nicer than my fucking house (that I pay massive taxes on), am I not allowed to be mad? I was a life long democrat voter until this bullshit. They claim to be all for the oppressed until actual hispanics speak out about their abuses in the criminal justice system, and THIS is the hill they chose to die on? I didn't vote for Obama for this bullshit. I'm straight up pissed off. Why should I bother to follow the law if these people get treated BETTER than I did for going 30 over the speed limit and daring to be poor enough to not post bail? &gt;And asylum seekers aren't breaking the law. And economic migrants aren't asylum seekers.
Mate, you're trying to explain to a gunsmith what bluing is. Check yourself before you wreck yourself. There's a different between natural browning and unnatural bluing, and that difference will cause a cost difference in a gun's worth if it's rare enough. If you care about your gun for resale or historical reasons, follow the other posters advice, and only oil it and maybe occasionally hit it with some 0000 steel wool. If you want it to look pretty, who cares, let it rust, then boil it, then card it, then polish it. Keep up on that. It'll be gorgeous, but we'll know it's refinished, and we'll know to knock 70% of the value off. If you love the gun and don't plan to resell it, just fucking cerakote it. T. Someone who owns a 1954 J frame that's been cerakoted in OD green and black, because it's my summer carry gun. I killed all resale on the gun, it's worth LESS than I paid for it, but I'm happy because my acidic sweat no longer makes it rust.
Mate, your entire response is "pretentiousness, the post!" &gt;Being a dick doesn't help explain anything, "check yourself before you wreck yourself"... Are you 13? Your entire response is why I said this. You proved my point, thanks. &gt;Okay, so the value will drop if it's a high quality piece, that has been established, but on an old rifle that isn't worth thousands of dollars it doesn't matter now does it No, the value will drop if it's ANY piece. If that bothers you, as I said, proceed carefully. If it doesn't bother you, just cerakote it. It's a more durable finish then delicate and shitty bluing. &gt;As stated above I'm not going to ever sell my firearms and keep them clean and oil, my question about the process was more targeted at something like an old Mauser that isn't all original As I've stated before, if resale value doesn't bother you, do whatever the fuck you want to the gat. IF resale DOES bother you (which you invoking Mitchell mousers does) then worry about the process. Even old non matching milsurps are getting there in value. If you care about the resale, proceed carefully. IF you don't, slow rust blue it at home, properly. &gt;So it will work, that was mostly the question, the value part was answered above Technically, to "properly" slow rust blue, you gotta boil it. Why? I'm not sure, that's what all the old time gunsmiths taught me, and that's what I recommend. &gt;I like the look of bluing and would prefer to not redo the whole (theoretical) old gun in cerakote There's cerakote that comes damn close to a decent blue job nowadays. I recommend it on all of the hard use / hunting / ccw guns that come through my shop. I've even destroyed resale on a super rare WWII 1911 navy contract gun by cerakoting it green. Customer was warned he had a 3-8k valued gun and the value after finishing would be ~$500. He told us it was his grandfathers gun, he had carried it for the last 5 years, and he wanted something that wouldn't keep rusting on him. He was 100% informed. From what you tell me, you are this type of customer.. You know exactly what you want, you don't care about the resale, and want things done for X reasons. That's perfectly okay. I don't care. &gt;That's why I said preservation vs restoration, preserve what's left of the originality vs completely redoing it. I've already told you how to properly preserve a gun. Restorations DEVALUE a gun unless someone of the caliber of Turnbull does the restoration. I am not him. You are not him. Unless you find a smith of that caliber, you are devaluing your firearm.
That's a nice strawman argument. I was under the impression that the federal government was supposed to protect and serve it's citizens. When I watch illegal aliens from the same country I'm from, get arrested for much more serious crimes than I was arrested for, get treated much MUCH better than I was, am I not allowed to be upset? When illegal aliens (who are not citizens) are treated better than me (a citizen) even though we're both from the same country ... am I not allowed to be upset? Because if I am allowed to be upset, then we can agree, we need to fix things! If I'm not allowed to be upset, then we've devolved to anarcho-tyranny and I have a moral duty to pick up arms against an oppressive government..
&gt; Again, you're really worried about hurting the feeling of nazi's. I don't care if their feeling are hurt."Yes, I am so mean and intolerant of Nazi's because I made a joke at their expense. What was I thinking? I should have thought of their feelings. Clearly I'm the monster. " No, I just don't want my new country to devolve into the violence of my old country. If you don't care, that's fine, no skin off my back, I can flee to the EU and I make enough that I can sell my house and leave tomorrow if I need to. If you can't flee, and you worry about gun fights in the streets, then you should be concerned. Meanwhile, I personally believe that communist sympathizers, after ruining my home country, should be shot on sight. Oh boo hoo, I'm not going to be upset over hurting their precious feelings. They've already ruined any chance at my home country becoming a functional country and they killed my uncle in cold blood. So fuck them, I want them and their children shot on sight. I have a feeling that you will disagree with my viewpoint, even thought I'm a person of color. &gt;When my "violence is met with violence" What violence? The joke? Holy shit this is hilarious. I'm sorry, did my "violent" joke hurt you? Like I said, no skin off my back. I can flee to two different countries. I pray that you have that same freedom. I've already fled one country ruined by communists. &gt;"They just want me to go back to my country." Fucking lol. A literal nazi cuck. Mate, you're calling a person of color with EU citizenship a Nazi. Do you ever think about the words you speak?
Bad bot.
So, would you agree that fucking same sex partners is a mental disorder as well? Because, let's face it, addiction to sucking penis isn't hardcore sex, you plebe.
&gt; We shouldn't tell jokes at Nazi's expense, because they lack so much self control that a joke will turn them to violence. We should live in fear of them instead? I was told the same exact thing about the draw muhammad contest in texas. I was at that event with an ar-15 waiting for a violent response, and it turned out I was correct. So, is expecting extremests to lash out in violence bad? So is that a real response or not? &gt;Your'e viewpoint is moronic at best. You're white knighting for Nazi's because I made a joke comparing them to rats. So, I'm glad to hear that you will erase the murder of my uncle, and the destruction of my family so flippantly. &gt;It clearly does bother you since you are still crying over this. Yes, it honestly does. When you come to a country, with no other options, because you believe it to be above the bullshit you left, just to find out that it's the same bullshit, but worse, you would cry inside as well. In America I can't call up a friendly general and trade him Levi jeans to get a machine gun nest put on top of my apartment building. In America I can't afford the bribe to be able to legally carry a pistol in my state. It's bad friend. &gt;A person of color with EU citizenship is shedding tears over a joke mocking Nazi's. Do you think about the words you speak? NO, I'm shedding tears over America becoming exactly the same as the country as I left. You think you're the first person to call everyone you disagree with a Nazi? This was started in the 70's in my home country. It's just sad, that I spent 40 grand to come to the supposed best country on earth, to find people like you trying your damndest to turn it into the country I fled. Where else can I go? What other country can I go to? Where can I go to be left alone by communist faggots? I've tried south america, I've tried Greece, I've tried the USA. What's left?
preaching to the choir.
So are the genders equal? Why aren't you advocating for women to need to sign up for the draft to be able to vote, to get federal college loans, and to avoid prison? Are the genders equal or not?
Do you just not know how laws work? Or how to google what the law is?
The worlds largest military can't even get them to spend 2&amp;#37; on NATO. They're simply not going to fund a shared military.
&gt;Considering that we already are in a military pact with a not-exactly stable or pacifist nation And you can't even pay your way on that one. \&gt;At least we'd finally be independent from the USA And that's exactly why I voted Trump. Unthankful allies that can't even pay pledged defense funds. I want out of NATO and want to break treaties with ungrateful countries. Enjoy your shared military to keep Russia at bay, and good luck getting them not to turn on you. It's not like your eurocrats care about your country and population's wellbeing
And men with aspergers / other disorders, yes. And horrifyingly, it seems that whenever women gain power, that is the result.
Additionally, it makes sense for them to go on an all out blitz attack against something that could completely destroy their worldviews. If you take incels and spend five seconds looking at the problem, you realize the problem is caused by women and Pareto's Principle. That would destroy their world view. Instead, you need to do an all out media blitz to make incels their own fault. It's because they're too fat (something they can control) or too ugly (but don't let them work to afford plastic surgery) or too weird (aka have a medical condition like aspergers). It's just a ploy to shut down thinking about the real issue, and shift the blame to the guys that can't get laid. Because, evidently, if you can't get laid, it's your own fault. I guess if you're a crippled but brilliant weirdo, you're supposed to just rape your gender of choice?
Bird bombs work great for this, but might be illegal. Double check. [https://youtu.be/GOhQPGQSR0I?t=24](https://youtu.be/GOhQPGQSR0I?t=24) They also make propane canon things. You might need to plant a vegetable garden to make scaring away the birds from your garden legal.
A story about water turning the ~~frogs~~ boys gay.
&gt;Draping something on someone's house isn't vandalism. It's legal to shoot someone in my state that does that. Criminal mischief after dark. Seems to cut down on the crazies. I suggest they adopt similar laws.
And yet, my state disagrees. Texas Penal Code - PENAL § 28.03. Criminal Mischief &gt;(1) he intentionally or knowingly damages or destroys the tangible property of the owner; &gt;(2) he intentionally or knowingly tampers with the tangible property of the owner and causes pecuniary loss or substantial inconvenience to the owner or a third person; or &gt;(3) he intentionally or knowingly makes markings, including inscriptions, slogans, drawings, or paintings, on the tangible property of the owner. Also, don't fuck with fences. EDIT: Also don't steal shit, we can shoot people to recover property here. It's great.
Everything. You sort of glossed over the whole "Don't do it at night if you don't want to get shot" part. I was trying to simply figure out why you have such backwards laws. And what sort of communities you live in where vandalism isn't expected to be cleaned up. And said cleaning is magically free and without opportunity cost.
You're the one who keeps bringing up criminal damage, not me. I don't get why you're so fixated on that point. I'm simply stating that it's legal to shoot people doing criminal mischief in my state, and I'm amazed that your country doesn't have similar common sense laws to prevent this level of bullshit. Same with fucking with fences. You want to fuck with fences when you know it's both legal to shoot you, and a class 1 Felony? Fuck no. I'm amazed at how uncivilized your laws are.
And a crafty lawyer would make a good point that it falls under the rule of threats under the Criminal Damage act of 1971. And was vandalized. You still never cleared up my point that if you simply enacted some civilized laws, you wouldn't even be having this problem.
Who pays to clean it up? What's the opportunity cost? What shithole do you live in where it's socially expected to leave toilet paper, signs, and graffiti up without cleaning it up? What shithole do you live in where it's just jolly good to leave toilet paper around for the six weeks it takes to decompose? Someone has to pay to clean it up, or clean it up themselves. How is this such a hard concept to grasp? My house got toilet papered once, took me 4 hours to clean up, including climbing up on the roof to clear the shit. What if I didn't have those four hours due to work? I'd be paying a roofing crew $150 an hour to clean up that bullshit. Does this concept not register in your mind?
&gt; Who has to pay to clean up a bit of string with some underwear stapled to it? I imagine whoever took photos of it just picked it up. No idea who they bill for that. So you do NOT understand the concept of opportunity costs. You are so blinded by your tacit acceptance of someone's politics that you're ignoring reality. By the way, you pay someone to pick the shit up so when they fall out of a tree or slip off the roof, it's not you. You're not losing your ability to eat. &gt;Same people who pay for all the terrible damage those criminals at fathers 4 justice do when they destroy buildings with their banners. And what's your point? That's just as wrong. Like I stated before, you're blinded by your ideology. &gt;As for the case of toilet paper, if you caught who did it they would have to pay for costs under an anti-social order I imagine. Or you know, just shoot them.
You are the exact reason why conservatives are forced to hide their party affiliation. You are contributing to the break down of society and the social contract. \&gt;passive support of white nationalism and separating breastfeeding mothers from their kids deserve to be yelled at. At the very least, they need to feel the contempt. Placating fascists, treating them as if they were just another political faction, is how we got WWII. This is literally the mentality of someone who wants to start a genocide. Seek help and learn to love your fellow man.
&gt;But white genocide is just an alt-right conspiracy theory guise.
I agree with your logic. When are we going to pathologize gay culture? \&gt; Gay Hookup Culture can definitely become an unhealthy addiction, especially because it stimulates reward centers in your brain. And depending on the club, it does that in exchange for very little effort. Gay bars are designing locations specifically to keep you interested for longer and longer periods of time.
Compare and contrast this case with the Battlefield 5 case of cybernetic British female soldiers
I'm sorry you have such an uncivilized population and legal system that allows criminals to have more rights than non criminals.
We're literally the worlds best military. IF we wanted to, we could colonize over 2/3 of the entire fucking world. Who's going to stop us? WE WILL WIN. Our military is structured so that we can fight two near peer militaries AT THE SAME TIME. We could take CHINA and the Gulf Cooperation Countries at the same damn time. We waste this military might by protecting countries that hate us and shooting pirates that work in shipping lanes.
I never said it didn't apply.
But what about the lobsters? It keeps my county polite. You evidently live in a shithole where it's OKIE DOKIE to leave toilet paper and banners up until they rot away in 6 weeks to 18 months. So yes, I'm going to claim that the ~~lobsters~~ guns keep people civilized. Because that's obviously the only difference. EDIT: My current location is 35&amp;#37; minority. Are you trying to imply that there's a link between increased minorities and increased crime? That's pretty fucking racist of you, bigot.
He's a ~~T\_D poster~~ Jew so misleading on purpose is his game plan. Weird, you sound exactly like neo-nazis.
Good. IT should be painful. Maybe if you complain loudly enough, someone will listen to you. No one is listening to men when they complain.
&gt;Trump about only starting with a few million dollars. He does know that he's rich but he talks about it as if he had the same chances as anyone else. Starting with a loan, of a million dollars. Yes. You're telling me the man that lives in a modern greco-roman luxury apartments, with a custom engined private wide body jet, with gold sinks and marble in it, doesn't know he's rich? Are you shitting me? How divorced from reality are you? When flying air force 1 is a DOWNGRADE to your normal jet, and you tweet about it, you know you're rich. \&gt; I don't really know the laws in america So another non-american lecturing to us how we need to do things. How pathetic.
Because you're literally advocating for more rights for non-citizen, illegal immigrants, then you care to give citizens. That's pathetic and shows who you value more. If you're a parent, and get put in jail, your child is going to be separated from you. What do you expect to happen, build happy little bungalows in jail so you can keep your kids?
Because the people that control the media actually support this one. Why do you think our version of this was shilled so hard online?
I mean, the ACLU went full left on the second, why is anyone acting shocked they started hating on other ones? They stopped automatically taking second amendment cases, and have made it very, very clear that they believe it's a collective right, and guns are not for self protection. So they've taken a pro-gun control position, and anti-personal protection. How an organization reacts to the Second Amendment is the canary in the coal mine. &gt;In striking down Washington D.C.'s handgun ban by a 5-4 vote, the Supreme Court's decision in D.C. v. Heller held for the first time that the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to keep and bear arms, whether or not associated with a state militia. The ACLU disagrees with the Supreme Court's conclusion about the nature of the right protected by the Second Amendment.
No, how?
Do you want to make a white identitarian movement? That's how you get a white identitarian movement. The fact that they have had the restraint to just not genocide the existential threat that you represent, frankly astounds me.
Laughs in Medic. I switched to ARMA, everyone gets med kits, and I've got a belt fed to law down the law. Now everyone just outwalks me. :/
Thanks for that explanation!
&gt;he'll just do whatever he wants and no one will object That is incorrect. Lawsuits were filed over keeping immigrant families together in detention within two hours of him signing his EO. He's drawing attention to the abuse of Executive orders, and is in a win win. If they had ignored the "issue" the kids would have kept being seperated from their rapists and put into comfy detention. Since that's now wrong, he keeps them together in detention which allows the kids to be raped (and the alt-left media is now going insane over). They think they can bullycide him into allowing open borders and catch and release like Obama. I'm going to lose my fucking shit when the SOP becomes "deport in 20 days to not violate UN human rights directives or current federal laws". This is his literal SOP. He tells his enemies what he wants to accomplish. Then he watches them REEEE while giving enough rope for them to hang themselves. Then he goes "SEE I TRIED! SAD!" then does 90&amp;#37; of his original desires. EDIT \----------------------------------------- &gt;Trump's one great trick is that he figured out how to hold the left's darlings hostage by using their own outrage machine against them No, his greatest trick is spending months telling his enemy what he wants to accomplish, then actually doing it, then capitalizing on his enemy going REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE at him doing it.
TIL I am a lawyer. I should get my suit tailored.
&gt;You're a fake tough guy, and you know it. Stop pretending you and yours would be just fine if all your fellow citizens had M60s, landmines, RPGs, etc. &gt;You'd be huddled in a cave somewhere after running away and leaving the women to handle everything, because otherwise you'd have to face a RPG up your ass. Those are all currently legal. You just have to fill out a form and pay a $200 tax stamp. All are currently legal: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIfrSmZLQX8
This is the most hilarious exchange ever. Keep on denying reality. Here's a form 1 for a hand grenade: https://www.instagram.com/p/7LHs38hnQl/?hl=en Here's a reactivated 81mm mortar for sale: https://www.gunbroker.com/item/777410749 Here's an article on the recreational uses of grenade launchers; http://www.smallarmsreview.com/display.article.cfm?idarticles=2548
It's okay, you can make one too! [https://www.atf.gov/firearms/docs/form/form-1-application-make-and-register-firearm-atf-form-53201/download](https://www.atf.gov/firearms/docs/form/form-1-application-make-and-register-firearm-atf-form-53201/download)
It's pretty damn close to National Socialism. I chuckled hard. The 25 points: 1. We demand the unification of all Germans in the Greater Germany on the basis of the right of self-determination of peoples. 2. We demand equality of rights for the German people in respect to the other nations; abrogation of the peace treaties of Versailles and St. Germain. 3. We demand land and territory (colonies) for the sustenance of our people, and colonization for our surplus population. 4. Only a member of the race can be a citizen. A member of the race can only be one who is of German blood, without consideration of creed. Consequently no Jew can be a member of the race. 5. Whoever has no citizenship is to be able to live in Germany only as a guest, and must be under the authority of legislation for foreigners. 6. The right to determine matters concerning administration and law belongs only to the citizen. Therefore we demand that every public office, of any sort whatsoever, whether in the Reich, the county or municipality, be filled only by citizens. We combat the corrupting parliamentary economy, office-holding only according to party inclinations without consideration of character or abilities. **7. We demand that the state be charged first with providing the opportunity for a livelihood and way of life for the citizens. If it is impossible to sustain the total population of the State, then the members of foreign nations (non-citizens) are to be expelled from the Reich.** 8. Any further immigration of non-citizens is to be prevented. We demand that all non-Germans, who have immigrated to Germany since the 2 August 1914, be forced immediately to leave the Reich. 9. All citizens must have equal rights and obligations. 10. The first obligation of every citizen must be to work both spiritually and physically. The activity of individuals is not to counteract the interests of the universality, but must have its result within the framework of the whole for the benefit of all Consequently we demand: **11. Abolition of unearned (work and labour) incomes. Breaking of rent-slavery.** 12. In consideration of the monstrous sacrifice in property and blood that each war demands of the people personal enrichment through a war must be designated as a crime against the people. Therefore we demand the total confiscation of all war profits. **13. We demand the nationalization of all (previous) associated industries (trusts).** **14. We demand a division of profits of all heavy industries.** **15. We demand an expansion on a large scale of old age welfare.** 16. We demand the creation of a healthy middle class and its conservation, immediate communalization of the great warehouses and their being leased at low cost to small firms, the utmost consideration of all small firms in contracts with the State, county or municipality. **17. We demand a land reform suitable to our needs, provision of a law for the free expropriation of land for the purposes of public utility, abolition of taxes on land and prevention of all speculation in land.** 18. We demand struggle without consideration against those whose activity is injurious to the general interest. Common national criminals, usurers, Schieber and so forth are to be punished with death, without consideration of confession or race. 19. We demand substitution of a German common law in place of the Roman Law serving a materialistic world-order. 20. The state is to be responsible for a fundamental reconstruction of our whole national education program, to **enable every capable and industrious German to obtain higher education** and subsequently introduction into leading positions. The plans of instruction of all educational institutions are to conform with the experiences of practical life. The comprehension of the concept of the State must be striven for by the school \[Staatsbuergerkunde\] as early as the beginning of understanding. We demand the education at the expense of the State of outstanding intellectually gifted children of poor parents without consideration of position or profession. **21. The State is to care for the elevating national health by protecting the mother and child, by outlawing child-labor, by the encouragement of physical fitness, by means of the legal establishment of a gymnastic and sport obligation, by the utmost support of all organizations concerned with the physical instruction of the young.** 22. We demand abolition of the mercenary troops and formation of a national army. 23. **We demand legal opposition to known lies and their promulgation through the press**. In order to enable the provision of a German press, we demand, that: a. All writers and employees of the newspapers appearing in the German language be members of the race: b. Non-German newspapers be required to have the express permission of the State to be published. They may not be printed in the German language: c. Non-Germans are forbidden by law any financial interest in German publications, or any influence on them, and as punishment for violations the closing of such a publication as well as the immediate expulsion from the Reich of the non-German concerned. Publications which are counter to the general good are to be forbidden. We demand legal prosecution of artistic and literary forms which exert a destructive influence on our national life, and the closure of organizations opposing the above made demands. 24. We demand freedom of religion for all religious denominations within the state so long as they do not endanger its existence or oppose the moral senses of the Germanic race. The Party as such advocates the standpoint of a positive Christianity without binding itself confessionally to any one denomination. It combats the Jewish-materialistic spirit within and around us, and is convinced that a lasting recovery of our nation can only succeed from within on the framework: common utility precedes individual utility. 25. For the execution of all of this we demand the formation of a strong central power in the Reich. Unlimited authority of the central parliament over the whole Reich and its organizations in general. The forming of state and profession chambers for the execution of the laws made by the Reich within the various states of the confederation. The leaders of the Party promise, if necessary by sacrificing their own lives, to support by the execution of the points set forth above without consideration.
Bodge wires from place to place are going to become your friend.
That's pretty bigoted, BTW, you can't claim how he self identifies. You really should apologize. He's obviously trans-white
&gt; femshep thing with only a touch of bondage A what now?
Honestly maybe they're the best inspectors?
Flat tax best tax. Also stopping govt regulated monopolies
Nonono show me wrong when we do it
Brilliant! Govt enforced monopolies via regulations is the problem, so let's give them even more power!
You're really not gonna like reading up on the fed and how they're trying to to torpedo Trump's economy
They're currently doing it, but them trump threatened to end them, so we'll see in a month or two if he's got the clout to go full ANDREW JACKSON or not. You're misguided but in a good place, tbqh.
Straight bait / 10 Good luck with your government enforced monopolies and sheit
Yes.
&gt; have you tried having an actual argument instead of spewing memeshit? I have and did. You obviously haven't. I see no point in furthering this one sided conversation. My dog is more amusing. &gt;&gt;probably not because the average libertarian is only concerned with being able to fuck whatever they want and shoot up whatever drugs they want.
Have at friend. Or are all dog breeds created equal? Because there's no difference between a pitbull, a blood hound, and a retriever, right? Why won't my pitt retrieve birds?
FYI just ask about dog breeds. Why won't my pitbull retrieve birds?
&gt; Not like that, we could use science to find out which race and which gender are objectively less intelligent and spread the information around without any ulterior motive! The party of science. Science is only valid if it doesn't hurt my feels.
Seriously faggot? This is a great data point but you can't even summarize? SAD! Even T_D can't figure out what these people are wanting! Attempted summary is up. I tried to paraphrase the interview.
BBY check your other posts before blindly downvoting. &lt;3
Yes and no. It *should* under normal rules, but it was proven repeatedly under Obama that the fed doesn't play by normal rule.s Nevermind the fed needs to be burned because it's wrong and we should go back to gold standard, because printing debt is bad.
A ton. They're also aware of based trannies
It's literally just newspeak and having the hubris to think that you're the first generation to invent something. Go ask your grandma or similar vintage person to give you the distinction between going out and going steady sometime.
.... we retake sealand when?
I for one am glad that the FTC gets to go back to handle these things, not the FCC. Which one is scarier?
It's literally back to the usenet days. Money orders sent to PO boxes. What's old is new again!
So campaign slogans and Frederick fucking Douglas is hate speech now? Fucking hell. And the sheer arrogance of "I don't care who fucking said it". Seriously? Did you idiots never learn an ounce of history to know one of the leaders of the movement to abolish slavery? No fucking wonder China worked so hard to erase history during the great leap forward, it works so fucking well.
No it was a rifle that mysteriously negligently discharged Into the hard drive of their server from the exterior of the case, without putting a round through the door.
&gt; maybe a radical answer is needed. You answered your own question with this part. &gt; how fast Canada is being demographically replaced Trucks of peace.
Surely kel Tec not as bad as thought
Per crazy days and nights, he's into weird very weird sex stuff and his current wife is the only thot that'll hang. I'm not saying it's all lies, but it does put another data point in scorned thots
Peru is the whitepeople of South America
And it's deleted. SAD! &gt;&gt;My doctor tried to pull this shit on me the other day. Said I ‘urgently needed to change to diet’ or diabetes would take one of my limbs. Like how will different food solve a problem food caused lmao what a dumb fuck. I’ve not eaten in four days and my limbs are doing just fine never listen to sjw doctors
Literally not what I've been told by multiple mexicans. But whyppl is a fluid idea.
Yikes! What an Icky position.
OP is a faggot that can't source shit, but there was a thread on T_D earlier today with actual links. So to clarify OP is a bundle of sticks, and I'm unsure if I can link to the_departed to clarify the situation. We'll just go with "PAN PAN, PAN PAN, SITUATION STILL BREAKING, BUT THIS MIGHT TURN INTO A MAYDAY SITUATION. I SAY AGAIN, PAN PAN, SITUATION STILL BREAKING" ---------------------------- And it slid off rising and top of T_D, so give it 24 hours and we'll see this story again. TL;DR: Some chick was reeeing that she's 100k in debt, and questioned a microagression lecture, so she was told to go to therapy and endure a psych eval in order to continue forward in college. She refused, so she was dropped for a year from the med school. So she's currently reeeing. Where this goes from here, we shall see.
OP, sop being a bundle of faggotry and learn to actually source shit, instead of having laxer standards than BOTH /POL/ and BRIETBART on reporting news. I mean, FUCK, atleast brietbart links to sources instead of doing ...... whatever this thread is.
OF COURSE IT'S PINKERBELLE
Dissent against the state. Also IFAIK degeneracy like being a lesbian too.
Maybe thanks to Trump, but previously, it was state sponsored: THANKS OBAMA! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Choke_Point
Conversion rates are a thing.
&gt; Hillary had a big hand in him even winning the nomination. She made sure the DNC promoted him, yes. Trump destroyed 18 other challengers to become the nominee, yes. He even blew Ben Carson out of the water, who was my hopeful for 2016. Damn was I wrong.
WEW LAD THATS A GOOD IDEA.
I mean, if we're going by "living with going to be hell" I can refuse to rent to gay men due to their elevated rates of promiscuous behavior, right? I can refuse to rent my spare room to a single mom due to how their kids turn out to be devil spawn. ETC.
you rang? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRd-yMT_5NE
well I mean, welcome to being hispanic. Want to try again?
So Alex Jones was right.
Since ~2001
This kills the collectivist.
Thank you for your service in the porta wars.
