You need to fix the former before you address recruitment, imo. It's not cool to recruit folks to an environment you know won't be great for them.
First of all, I would reccomend newer blockers take a few jam reps. They don't need to train as a jammer, but they do need some perspective.
Friend in an open relationship that soon after blew up into a biiiig pile o drama. I wasn't involved in the fallout but I still felt guilty, and it was not good sex.
I'll happily put water in shampoo and conditioner because it's going in wet hair. Food products though? NO.
Lol I'm in a small town so
SAME. My closest friend is gay and also a super kind non judgemental person and I cannot bring myself to talk to her about this stuff! If I did she'd try to help me and def offer love and support AND YET.....
Normal? My close male friends all know I'm gay tho
Anecdotally, experience mostly. Even folks with no issues relating to focus take, in my experience, ateast a year to have a gameplay brain.
Yes. That's about 5 years too old. It's also likely sustained multiple small impacts in your bag etc
This is exactly why I've been avoiding dating. Like I can be a big faker all I want but can't bring myself to drag others in? SUCKS especially because very few, if any, people would ACTUALLY talk to someone like we talk to ourselves.
I've complimented folks for not shaving because society tells us we need to....but like, close friends when we were already talking about it, not randos.
Therapy for me.
For real. It's taken forever for me to be able to recognize that people are not perfect and make mistakes while still being able to be compassionate to their struggles. The balance is hard and honestly most of us get it wrong at times 🤷‍♀️
I was not told I was gay but I see now how much lying I did to avoid that.
Be more social!
I'm American so on average, zero.
Internalized misogyny mostly
I'm at the state level so ymmv I guess. My department has projects going on right now relating to air quality, climate change, some environmental contamination, asthma, and birth defects. There are others but those are big ones that come up a lot. We're all mostly desk workers with a few exceptions (maybe 1 day a month away on average)
And in many states there is a minimum # of hours per day you have to be paid for if you come in at all
Masters in epi. I don't think there are any employees in my bureau that don't have a masters, though at least one has an MS in environmental science or something of that nature. Government usually can't make exceptions for minimum education requirements even if you're the perfect candidiate because we have to follow policy.
I am in a similar boat. I went this year for a bit with friends but not a long time and I was uncomfortable. Pride is great. That doesn't mean you have to go.
Yeah but the rest of the space in the middle of the country is empty. I grew up in NJ and there's tons of medium sized towns. I live in NM now and there's just giant areas of no humans at all.
Biden is probably the worst thing that could happen. Literally nothing about him will drive folks out to vote (especially since he's a massive creep) and thaaaat's how we get Trump again
Yep! Still do sometimes, and still an active skater!
Agreed, a month is tight turnaround if you're including shipping time in that. Plus it's better for everyone if you have a partnership with a local place!
Omg there's a woman I interact with regularly who is fully out and so confident and I'm just like watching her from my cozy lil closet in admiration
Based on my past experiences with paypal...you're probably not getting that money back.
I will never forget the time I was making $9 an hour and struggling and my friend called me to vent about how unfair it is that she makes $29/hr when she feels she deserves $30. Valid to be upset sure, but wrong audience. I listened to her, hung up, and cried.
Yeah I basically don't leave my house during lapses in insurance lol let alone sports
Agreed but it sounds sexy so ofc people do it
Too old for me and not interested in me, mostly. Self depreciation aside, physically strong women, and I'm not too into makeup/super femme women (though there are plenty I find beautiful)
I wash my hair maybe once a week, sweat or not. It gets so greasy and gross so fast if I wash it more often. I don't even own a flat iron 😂
Mine doesn't 🤷‍♀️ it did when I washed my hair every day though. Shampoo wrecks your body's ability to regulate itself
Honestly after working in environmental health in a rural state...I think this will be harder to implement than anyone wants to admit 🤷‍♀️ Not that it shouldn't be done, of course.
Law cares more than basically any other field about your fancy pedigree imo
That's not true. I'm a state epi and I'd say about half of the epis in my department have epi degrees. We have a few with environmental health degrees, one biostat, one disaster management, and two general "public health". And government tends to be less flexible than private/nonprofit places. I'm sure it varies some by state but it's not cut and dry at all.
Vegan mayo is also good for outside of paninis etc!
Luxury face bones
I hope this means you have a really old cat that is somehow still healthy
Omg I love that! So glad she's doing well!!! My moms cat was a kitten we got for me (but she only ever liked my mom lol) in 2001 and she's also still going strong! Gives me hope that I will have my baby (who is only 1) for a long long time
Yeah same I have derailed many a bulk 😂
The dollar is worth less (30k usd is about 22k in pounds) and we pay out the ass for things like healthcare . I also think our groceries cost a bit more though I could be wrong. Personally I also spend a ton on transport because my area has ZERO public transit, though gas is cheap its not possible for me to get anywhere without driving. Codt of living varies wildly across the US. It's a massive country. My 1 bedroom apartment is $1100/mo. In my previous city I could have found something similar for around $700. In NYC etc this would easily be over $2k.
For the most part (shameless plug for Albuquerque and Pittsburgh, both of which ha e growing tech scenes and low cost of living, though lower salaries to match)
Is this not normal? Oh....
I use mute functions on social media pretty extensively for things I don't want to see, and try to tag my own stuff appropriately so folks can mute me if they want/need. Also useful for spoilers.
Tbh I think asking people not to post things on social media is useless and sometimes damaging (ie memes help many cope, chastising them may create anxiety @ their coping mechanism). But we have the power to control what we see, especially if it's appropriately tagged. Ironically nothing I've seen has made me feel that more stressed about this whole thing than the OP 😂 because then I'm like oh no I guess I should panic 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
If I was 30 I'd think I wrote this
🤷‍♀️ Maybe. I don't think someone trying their best is doing badly tbh, even if the tangible (savings etc) don't seem impressive.
I feel the same way! I keep my weeklies as one page so that they don't look too empty though 😂
Yeah I don't poop for free
How much sick leave do I have?
If you want to give unlimited sick time, sure. I don't have unlimited hours and if I cna half function I have to go in. My job also requires doctors notes if you miss consecutive days but not everyone has $50 to throw at a copay. But also they're almost certainly not contagious at that point 🤷‍♀️ I've definetly been not even that sick and just was so tired that I didn't look at the time. Or felt off and was like oh ill snooze for 5 min and woke up two hours later and realized I was sick.
I've done this too. I try not to prep for more than 3 days now unless it's very freezer friendly (easier to choke it down once a week than for seven days).
I accept that no one is perfect and that I should apologize for and learn from my mistakes, but not beat myself up. I also think the culture of declaring people toxic as a result of one or two minor transgressions is really problematic and prevents people from communicating etc, so I try to avoid that rhetoric (obviously it's good to cut out people who are hurting you, but the conversations can be extreme).
Are you doing them on a machine or a Roman chair?
Honestly I would probably build a small one and keep a membership at somewhere really cheap (we'll if we had anything cheap besides PF here)
And also I didn't go vegan because I was trying to be healthier to lose weight, I did it because I was fed up with contributing to practices I don't agree with. Even now that I'm trying to eat more whole foods IT STILL ISN'T ABOUT A NUMBER. But like if I ate 3000 calories worth of beans (ew) I'd still gain weight!
When I was tracking strictly I just put stuff into cronometer. Personally recipes vary wildly every time I make them because I am bad at following them strictly so then I could just edit the recipe each time.
THE WORST omg I made a lasagna like this. It was great fresh but after a few days the noodles leeched all the filling.
State government
Lonely-I'm also single (somewhat by choice) and live alone so the anxious "everyone's got someone and I've got my cat" thoughts approach a lot. However I suffer from pretty bad anxiety/depression so idk which one of those is the cause.
My cat is the absolutely best part of my life if I'm being honest-I adopted a younger adult so he's high energy af but also not a kitten (because kittens get adopted easily, I wanted a cat that was past the tiny baby stage and had been overlooked). He annoys the shit out of me if I don't feed him by 7am which gets me out of bed too. I'm not saying he's a substitute for human interaction, but he's abosolutely improved my life. I'm also in my 20s so sometimes I'm like welp, on my way to being a cat lady, but honestly cats are great.
Depends a lot on your taste. I usually use tofu. I do not like chickpeas but they're a popular option too. There's also mock chicken, seitan, so many choices.
I love hemp but it costs a fortune here
I don't love quibbling about the details when 90% of the battle is "not dairy". That said I personally keep pea and soy milk in my fridge at all times, pea for cooking and soy for my tea. I sometimes buy oat milk as well but around here soy and pea milk are cheaper (also, more protein).
Agreed. If I'm being perfectly honest the two best managers I've ever had were women, and this is part of why. The other was in fast food but she treated us like people and even got me a card when I left to go to grad school (and we still meet for coffee when I'm back in town-she's got an adorable baby now!). I personally do my best work when I feel like someone cares that I exist 🤷‍♀️
I did not get asked that but I think we've accepted we're not increasing retention with doubling everyone's salary 😂
It takes a lot of treats to get them to like it 😂😂 Carbon is the most food motivated cat I've ever had, I'm pretty sure that's the only reason he puts up with it
In ideal "our numbers are enough to staff everything" position, we have one main freshie coordinator and then a secondary main coach (so each does one day but only one handles admin) and then other vets fill in as needed. Realistically it's been hard to staff and becomes people who need volunteer hours. We have it on a separate day, which I strongly dislike (hard to bond with the newbies).
He was 😂 he's sprouted some white hairs over time! Best of luck. My cat is definetly happier to have some outdoor access that I couldn't otherwise give him (though if I owned a home I'd build him a catio!)
Environmental epis travel? Whoops no one told me 😂 We do not here. There's a few conferences but my state can rarely afford to send us so we don't go, or only the boss goes.
It was rough the first month I moved to Santa Fe but about two months later I visited family in PA and was like what the shit is all this plastic do not want 😂😂😂 definetly an adjustment!
8 and It was way too many and I wish someone had told me to not
Do you feel good? Are you hitting your goals? Then obsessing over details is just gonna drive you nuts.
I would say therapy but that shit's affordable as all hell in the US. TBH usually netflix binge until I've forgotten the problem
That's not true in the vast majority of America (I work in environmental health, specifically air and water). Some cities like Flint have giant, giant problems but honestly even working with rural, unregulated wells in most places it's pretty rare to find ANYTHING above EPA limits. In the past week I've looked at about 400 records and had one that was high sulfate and that's it. However the marketing by companies that produce bottled water would love to have you think otherwise. It is VERY common for Americans to buy bottled water because they think it tastes better. Our country also does not listen to health experts ever (see anti vax, or also how fucking useless my job feels every day).
Most of the people I know who retired or took long LOAs and came back have much better perspective on healthy balance and are no less skilled
Jambo is my favorite place here. Great good, friendly staff.
Also typical white cane sugar is not vegan so
I don't know if I have any friends that are originally from here. I'm certainly not 🤷‍♀️
I work here. I mostly job search tbh because I just wanna go home. That's a pretty common situation in my office at least.
Same, though tbh half my office has given up and just wears jeans bc it's hard to fire us 😂
I once had a 20 minute appointment at lunch take two hours and didn't say anything and no one noticed. I'm hourly too but we don't clock in and out so
We don't have work from home even tho I am easily 5 times more productive so out of spite I don't even try to be efficient with my time. I make my deadlines and never more.
We are strictly required to work 40 hours (officially on a precise schedule but my direct boss doesn't give a shit or work in my city) and if we we go over it has to be flexed in that pay period because the state budget is thin enough to break if they had to pay out comp time when people leave. We're hourly in name only really, since we're all overtime exempt.
I stopped using it because 1. I don't sleep with men and 2. I hated my gyno and didn't want to go back when I needed a refill 😂
I ask people for advice who I know don't care if I take it. For me, hearing advice usually makes me realize the decision I already made. Don't do this to people who don't know that's how you are or it just makes them feel like they wasted their time.
Oof it me
Like seven? I was a chubby kid and I got picked on a lot. Jokes on them I turned into an athletic adult who does not give a fuck
I wish we could just delete the hantavirus posts tbh they don't belong here
He's fine. I appreciate his voice but wouldn't vote for him in the primary. If he was on the general ticket I would over trump for sure tho. I also don't support his UBI plans. I do support UBI but his model is way too simplistic.
Yep same. I feel like I handled stressful days much better when I had busier jobs tbh
Same. Pretty sure it's a direct result of growing up surrounded by emotional abuse tho.
I am real self centered
Roller derby is really hard and new and it is totally okay to take a bit to nail a skill.
It was great for a bit but now I'm just so bored! I can only reddit so much
Yeah my title is epi but I literally do data entry and occasionally click run on many years old SAS code that someone else wrote
Ours are a masters but substitutable with experience. But an MPH is not required for epi roles, just a relevant masters. I'm an environmental epi and sometimes we hire people with an environmental or toxicology degree
Living in Santa Fe and looking at housing costs I'm not even remotely surprised. I'm educated and make a good wage and it's tight. I cannot imagine trying to pay rent here on even $15/hr.
I think every league in New Mexico is outdoors. Edit: I lied, one rec league has an indoor venue.
A decade ago maybe 4? I was in high school in 2010. Now, I can name like five serious close friends and other people who I consider friends buy may not be as close with.
Long car rides are my favorite
I've noticed this as well. Sometimes people use introversion as an excuse for being a bad friend too.
You forgot "is it lupus?"
A few years ago I mathed out that as a jammer I skated less than 27 laps in most full games. I'm pretty slow for a jammer and my lap speed has NEVER been my limiting factor. If you can't get out of the pack, your lap speed means NOTHING. I think any endurance skate is useless tbh. Skating freely and grinding for two minutes aren't even the same system. If your endurance is an issue I will see it on the track. All laps do is gatekeep.
That doesn't mean they're good tests 🤷‍♀️ laps have zero game ability. It's always bigger skaters that struggle, and then even if they are perfectly stable and competent but just slow they can't play. We cannot claim to be an inclusive sport while we continue to gatekeep non normative bodies. There are a hundred ways to test endurance that aren't laps and tell me more. I have skaters who probably couldn't pass their laps (we don't test every year bc it's a waste of fucking time) who I am comfortable putting out 3-4 jams in a row if needed. I also have skaters who can do 30 in 5 and can't jam for 30 seconds without needing to sit for 5 minutes. It's a bad test. They were the first min I checked off and I was not better for it. I did them without even crossing over-but I was tiny.
Laps are a pretty shitty proxy for endurance 🤷‍♀️ idk why you're so intent on keeping others out just because you got yours. It's not cool or how we grow as a sport.
Worst: either my masters or living alone Best: uh I haven't made many good ones but having some $$$ be saved automatically from my paycheck I guess
I agree. It's outdated af 😂
I use both. I know I can put a fixed amount of my paycheck into a savings account that is separate so I do that automatically but I like fun stuff like this to save up for a trip or something else not necessary but fun
You'd need an MRI to see soft tissue damage. Some injuries are pretty distinct so even without an MRI docs can be pretty sure of what is going on-this is often the case with ACL injuries. If you have a lot of swelling it is very very hard to diagnose anything
Yep. When I graduated college and she got a good jobs and I did not. I got more bitter when I realized she got a good job in part because of familial connections though.
Yeah for sure, not saying that it always works out simply. Just that some of the cases OP may have seen of people coming out with a diagnosis quickly were probably doctors saying a thing is very likely based on symptoms and how it happened, not a definitive MRI
If people are constantly talking during my practices that tells me I may not have planned enough time for organic discussion and processing so I try to let it go for a minute or two first. I usually shout over them to bring it back, but I'm very outspoken. Are you alone as captain or do you have others supporting?
Also everything financial is easier if you're in a long term relationship with both people working 🤷‍♀️ twice the income, not even close to twice the expenses. Twice the safety net too.
Lol finding a financially stable job is as much luck as it is "smart decisions".
How are they with other cats? Especially younger ones. Many rescues will place them in a foster home if it comes to that, and together. They know not to separate a pair of 10 year old bonded cattos!
If we're talking about the guy I crushed on the longest uh we are both openly gay now 😂😂😂 I didn't date much tho so I don't have like a real sweetheart
🤷‍♀️ I've never operated heavy machinery, not sure if that's why. But no one has even had random ones. I'm still fiercely anti drug test for most jobs tho. If you're stocking shelves or fiddling with spreadsheetd etc there is no reason for it.
We have smith's here (which I think is Kroger???) and I'm always surprised by the good stuff I find
Honestly to me it'd a red flag that the person saying it has lived a privileged life (which is totally fine) and is not capable of empathizing with those who have not (not fine).
I said it before and I will say it again-just because there are exceptions does not mean it is not on average discriminatory.
It's also even harder to have any semblance of financial safety net if you have a severe mental illness. And because we don't help people with money OR medical care it just spirals.
I'm not poor. Lower middle class maybe? I can consistenrly pay my bills and buy food. It's never been a question. I'm also one broken down car or medical emergency away from not doing those things.
You're definetly not wrong, tho it feels wrong to call yourself poor when you comfortably have food etc
Because it's all couples looking for a third (not my thing) and poly folks (also not my thing tho decidedly less gross vibes on that one). 🤷‍♀️ Tinder was OK when I lived in a major city but here no
When I was still dating dudes I definetly met one from tinder for drinks and he was like looking for a wife 😂 it was so awkward.
Agree on JR for sure, though I've been a jammer for a number of years so that might skew my opinions too. I personally struggle more with pack def than counting points.
I eat a lot of tofu plus rice plus frozen veg. Cheap and tasty.
Mine were so badly impacted that the surgery was a relief from constant low grade pain 😂 i was back to normal food quickly
I had severe jaw issues as a teen and removing my wisdom teeth solved all of my problems for about 10 years, and the flare up I had then was due largely to A TON of clenching. So yes, it can happen.
Yeah swelling is a gamble for sure. I had basically zero!
When I hear this about men it's like a half compliment at least though. With women it's usually intended to be more negative.
Honestly based on past experiences with them you might get it next week or you might get it in two months and they will probably not respond to your emails if its the latter
I'm not an ID epi whoops. Was wrong on transmission 🤦‍♀️
I also find it boring, but I work in Santa Fe and a number of my coworkers have bought large houses there for cheap because the schools are good. Very suburban.
Not really epi but my team loves sawbones. It's more ridiculous medical history tho
Same German company, yep!
In my experience, this sort of thing has mostly been used to criticize skaters of color and trans skaters largely as a result of internal biases. So no, there are not WFTDA guidelines and there absolutely should not be. In game an ejection can occur for something sufficiently reckless regardless of impact, however this rule is not for big hits and I've never seen it applied for one. It's for things like if you wound up to punch someone or something similarly ridiculous and happened to miss. This criticism is one that can very quickly devolve into bullying by creating lines that aren't real and then shaming someone for crossing them (and I've seen it happen more than once). You don't want your teammate holding back during a game. If there are specific drills or scenarios where the jammer should be facilitating and not hitting a hundred percent, that is one thing (and needs to be communicated to all involved). When I coach I always have goals for my blockers and jammers, and one of them might be "think about how you would respond if you were going all out, but don't do that yet". Then later we flip and I will tell the facilitating group to go all out and the drilled group to try and implement the new thing in a more intense scenario. Everyone needs to be able to get some reps in pushing their limit or they won't grow. If someone were told they could never go 100% in practice it would be completely reasonable for them to be hurt and upset. I would definetly be furious. By asking your jammer to hold back in practice you're harming your blockers too, because I promise your opponent does not care if a hit upsets you. If your skaters are regularly crying or getting injured there is a much bigger issue than someone hitting too hard, both skill wise and culturally.
It's just your own journey-the time line is irrelevant and almost everyone feels like their progress is too slow. It took me probably six months to pass mins, but I was not a competent skater and probably shouldn't have passed at that time.
I definetly once had someone scream in my face until I cried because "if that contact had been made outside a legal target zone it would have been egregious". But it was very very clearly legal, there was zero doubt that it would have been legal, and strategically it was the right call. It affected my play for months and it was a big factor in me moving away from jamming at all.
I'm not sure where to find sources since a lot of what I've seen is personal and/or friends direct experiences. My current league is almost entirely as white as I am (aka extremely). I do try to be aware though, and if a hit makes me cringe ask myself why I think that. I do suspect if you go through footage you can see a bias in awarded ejections, but personally I don't feel good about watching footage and trying to ascribe a gender or race to someone I don't know so that's not a thing I have done.
That's why I often sleep in yoga pants instead of my comfiest sweats
One that does not start watching the game and forget to coach. Also absolutely no yelling.
In my state we cannot hire anyone for an epi position that doesn't have a masters (though it doesn't have to be in epi) but we have some data coordinator etc positions that don't require a masters. Caveat is the pay is pretty shit, but that's also true if you have a masters so 🤷‍♀️
We just worry that people do their required hours, not how many they do beyond that really. Each month people fill out a form saying how many hours they did and for what committee, and it's someone's job to keep track of whether they did their 4. Committee heads can say no they didn't actually do that but honestly it's never happened.
Like I said before, I think consistent injuries is a much bigger issue than one player. There are definetly teams that do not have many big hitters and don't bother to teach their skaters to accept that impact. I was also taught that it's not okay to place blame for an injury on a specific person because that's rarely if ever actually true, but apparently that's not a universal practice.
Lord this whole thing has made me hate science media and generally media surrounding health news more than ever. So much panic and yet no one is worried about the damn flu
This flu season is BAD. I'm not even in infectious disease and I've been hearing about it at work 😂
I havent lived in the same place for 12 full months since like 2010 so pretty quick. I have some clothes and some other stuff that can be donated and I just haven't gotten to it, and beyond that don't own much. My cat does have a lot of shit tho because he is a spilled spoiled boy. The biggest hurdle would be right now I own furniture I'd want to keep so I'd need to rent a uhaul or something.
At my job all OT is flex/comp time and you're required to use that before any sick time or vacation time. We don't get paid for OT ever 🤷‍♀️
One time my mom told me BBQ sauce was too spicy lol &amp;#x200B; This happens more and more since I moved to NM. Guess my spice tolerance has gotten better lmao
I would definetly plan on getting nothing. Funding does exist (I got a half scholarship for my MPH) but it's not the norm-in my cohort of 45 people I don't think anyone had their tuition fully covered. I literally just asked the program coordinator for money and because no one else had asked I got it 🤷‍♀️
I used to do 5am gym and I guess he decided that was breakfast time even though it's been MONTHS since he was fed that early! He's a face licker too so he's impossible to ignore.
I have moved a lot, and it is definetly hard to go from a big league to a smaller one. That said, I don't think it's true at all that there isn't challenge or growth in a small league. There is ALWAYS challenge to be had no matter how good you are. It's frustrating when attendance is low but there are plenty of things to be done with small numbers. My most recent move took me to a league smaller and a bit lower ranked and I have FLOURISHED here. I do get annoyed at low attendance but I've also taken on more leadership roles and had an active role in the league. I feel appreciated and loved here which wasn't how I felt in my bigger league-I had close friends yeah but ultimately when I left most of my teammates didn't notice or care. You could also try out the other league-idk how much time you were there before, but my experience is some leagues get a lot of people moving through and don't bother to bind much with transfers till they know they're gonna stay for a bit. I don't love that attitude at all but it is a thing.
Because you're under 26 I'd definitely say take the risk, but don't totally stop looking. It might pan out and be awesome, but it might not pan out. Youth is the time to gamble on startups etc!
I assume you're at a league like Rose or Gotham, where the weakest skater on their home teams is probably still better than the best skater on a lot of frankly pretty decent teams. It's super hard to mentally go from being one of the better skaters in your league to feeling like you're failing, even though you really aren't failing and are probably doing great and learning a lot. I would 1. Talk to coaching staff (or knowledgeable buds, since I'm sure there's plenty of experience and knowledge to go around) to set a few concrete goals and 2. Try to focus on those goals themselves instead of "get drafted". You don't have control over whether you get drafted, not completely. You do have control over your skill development, which will make it more likely you get drafted and probably feel less stressful. Best of luck 💚
lmao what trash
luv 2 see rando internet folks telling you what to do but likely unwilling to join the fight themselves
Idk I've learned by now people get really mad, I'm a lot more straightforward than I used to be. But it just doesn't really bug me when other people do it? I usually know what they mean so like that's fine, if it needs to be addressed I'll ask, if I don't think it does I let them be and we can talk if they want. I think a lot of people adopt passive aggressive behaviors as coping mechanisms for mental health issues or past tramua and it's not helpful to get angry. I have absolutely zero issues about people bringing things up as like "hey this communication is not working/is making me feel bad/etc". I do not think it's appropriate to attack people though, even if it's frustrating-some people seem to conflate someone lacking certain skills with being a shitty person and I don't think that's okay. And if it's not the main problem, that's not a super appropriate time to bring it up bc then people just get defensive and everyone's upset and you probably won't solve the original issue either
When people say only peaceful protests are valid or whatever, what they actually mean is "I want your protest where I don't have to see it".
Yes.
I came in here prepared to say the bathroom is basically a hamper with a toilet in it to me based on the amount of laundry on my floor. &amp;#x200B; I understand this persons point and I mean, their thoughts and feelings are valid, but that's not at all how it is for me. It's just a place to poo.
What is your goal with this masters? That may affect responses. Is it to just understand stats better, or do you have a career pivot in mind, etc?
Thank you for sharing this.
This should be all available under IPRA though may take individual requests from each agency
they're absolutely trying
A third of the city budget goes to cops. "Tons of community programs" my ass. Punitive systems do not work, period. Also, this tells me you care more about property than people. Gross.
it's real bad that like 20 different things came to mind here
I usually don't get along with people like that. It's not just politics either, I have a lot of strong opinions and if someone else doesn't I'm probably gonna dominate every conversation and it's a weird dynamic that's not good for anyone and also makes me real mad. &amp;#x200B; BUT given current events, I think being silent or refusing to learn about political and related issues is a biiig red flag. No one knows everything and that's okay, learning is rad, but "I don't do politics" or whatever is a hard nope.
No. I might think about why they asked to see if I'm missing something? But if their reason is dumb I'd be more likely to dump the SO.
As I'm thinking about a second masters, this post speaks to me.
I don't think that should be in the first ~10 steps unless other issues are addressed. Frankly a salary increase would need to be paired with firing the entire current police force and addressing training from the ground up-otherwise we're just giving a problematic entity more money without actually addressing the problem. (FWIW I have a masters degree in a quant field and APD officers make a bit more than I do-I don't think they're underpaid considering they're not even required to have a bachelors)
It's not just their jobs. A number of high profile organizers from Ferguson "committed suicide" or went missing
I'm in NM, voted Bernie. So many of our local primaries are uncontested. Like, almost all of them.
I saw a tweet earlier from an epidemiologist that summed up to "the thread of COVID spread from protests is negligible compared to the threat of a government that can treat its citizens this poorly".
I think it's erased my tiny lil sliver of hope that things would get better here tbh. And I didn't have much, this country has always been fundamentally racist and cops have never been your friend. &amp;#x200B; I am really disgusting with some formerly seemingly reasonable family/distant friends who seem to recognize these issues exist and then go on to be much more concerned about 1. property or 2. their convenience.
She is AMAZING
I went to mine about 2pm and there was no one there. Hoping my neighborhood just voted by mail...
Yeah I'm near downtown. The massive bulk of my (dem) ballot was uncontested though so who knows, people mighta been like "fuck the effort for that"
As this is extremely common with oversight agencies, I think this might make the original commenters point rather than argue it. The most successful police reform I've seen are in places that burnt it down and started over with a newer, more community based model (Camden, NJ is a decent example though IMO cops there still have too much power). Our current iteration of policing is outdated and adding the ability to give a slap on the wrist for murder ain't gonna fix it
Obviously idk what her tramua has been but it's also common for kids of narcissists to develop similar traits for exactly the reason you said-survival.
I'm glad she has someone like you to support her + connect her with the external supports she needs!
Not sure about TX but here in NM we don't report prisons with county numbers, but do report them with state totals.
So, police are not necessary to a society. What value do they add? How often do you call them and they do nothing? How many things should someone else be doing (mental health response? Def not cops. Traffic enforcement? Def does not need to be dudes with guns. Etc). Defunding the police is also a call to fund other areas of communities. Here is a graphic in a tweet (my prefered resources, others may have others. ) : https://twitter.com/IjeomaOluo/status/1268377461114302466?s=19
I would really like to have this as state law, which might be a stretch but worth writing the governor maybe? Seems like lots of counties have problematic sheriffs...
sure but when people are \*always\* unreachable it sends the message they don't want to talk to you and it's no longer worth the effort to keep trying
YES THIS SO MUCH
if i notice it, it's happened more than once. also like, people are on their phones all the time and it's definitely insulting when you know someone is glued to their phone and yet...
hahahah emails. my last job one of my performance reviews contained "always responds to email requests during working hours within 5 minutes" as a positive. tbh i think that trait got me opportunities i wouldn't have gotten otherwise because they needed to be done quickly and people knew me as responsive
Policing is a public health hazard.
Yo same! High school and college were fraught with badly managed depression and anxiety.
Yep. Sheriff elections also are frequently uncontested (I don't think is the case here in Bernalillo but it is in many, especially rural, counties across the US) which kinda defeats their purpose.
I thought those were for people already working who just needed the credentials to be promoted
How's that boot taste
The current GOP has set a low fuckin bar, that's for sure. Roommate and I were just talking about how at the time we really thought W was the worst president we'd ever see. That didn't last long...
Generally terrible. I never really had friends, my small town was boring, and my high school was a clique that included the teachers. I've always had a brain that thought more globally and that didn't fit in with my small, isolated, extremely bigoted hometown that everyone there thinks is just \~so special\~. Also my dad is a piece of shit and I hadn't yet figured out it wasn't my fault. Also didn't figure out I was queer till I was 23 so that was always weird. &amp;#x200B; I've gone back to my hometown twice since I graduated in 2012-once when my mother still lived there during my first year of college, and once to go vote when I forgot to request an absentee ballot and hadn't yet changed my registration. I have no intention of going back ever again.
i've seen more articles shared in the past week claiming trends that didn't fit the data presented than i have since this started, even ones shared by people who are usually pretty good about checking sources. it's very weird, i've never had to explain that 2 is less than 3 to adults before but here we are
We're like 10% through COVID and have seemed to give police unlimited power so... Nevermind the long term implications of packing courts with conservative judges.
Don't give money to racists. If they don't want to act after being informed why, they shouldn't be in business. Simple as that.
Especially if you work with PHI or other protected information-in that case you have a duty to keep it secure.
We only count admissions IIRC because people treat the ER like urgent care, especially in rural areas where there's no actual urgent care.
Most data says no. &amp;#x200B; It's also common for effects of respiratory viruses to linger, so this shouldn't be surprising.
Thank you for sharing these sources-I had seen the letter and the Slate article, but not the rest (though admittedly hadn't looked too hard)
Full support of UBI, even temporarily, here
I always ruin the default sim's lives before I evict them and remodel their homes
This is SO accurate that it hurts 😂😂😂 just gotta add "state employee transplants who may not last very long"
Crossfit has always been really really full of almost cult like military and law enforcement worship. I'm really glad to see so many places leaving the brand as I do like crossfit but haven't felt right giving my money to an affiliate in years. Hoping some of my local gyms follow suit.
I cannot think of a single scenario in my lifetime where the police could have in theory helped me and actually did so. I can't even think of a scenario where they didn't actively make it worse.
What defines life threatening?
Their sort of leadership, while overrun with ethical problems, is a bit ideal if you only care about containing the spread of an infectious disease, you're absolutely correct.
Is he okay with other cats?
Truly going to the grocery stpre eliminates any desire I have to go to any public space
Ooooh....I'll talk to my roommate and send you a PM if she's down? We have two right now, one who wants to be BFFs with every cat he meets and another who wishes the first would leave her alone
Am queer myself, and would not be weirded out in the slightest. I'd be happy they felt comfortable enough to tell me and share a piece of their identity.
Hey hey hey we got to the civil war once
If no one is doing contact tracing I'm real confused about what I was working 60 hr weeks for
My roommate and I talk about our cats (and to our cats) all fucking day lmao
This article is referring to those who never develop symptoms, not people who will develop symptoms tomorrow and who generally are quite infectious. With COVID people also sometimes get extrenely mild synptoms that can be dismissed as allergies and it is not yet clear the potential for spread there.
I've gotten good ones at savers but its def a crapshoot. I also have a new lodge from target that was cheap and its pretty good quality
Basically every reform is backed by datae showing it changes little. We need a new system.
😂😂😂 That was a typo but I'm leaving it
I'm so proud to live here. I also want to say as a young woman-it's really inspiring to see women like her and like Gretchen Whitmer in MI taking no shit to do the right thing. More of this in politics please.
And chairs!
Playing devils advocate is a privledge and rarely in good faith. Just don't. The fact that this stuff can happpen as an accident is just as solid an argument for defunding police. They disproportionately murder black folks, but police does affect everyone. Fuck I'm a white woman and I know not to call the police because they're more likely to harm me than help, and I am the demographic they are least likely to hurt.
I don't know you so I'm glad to hear that is the case! I also think people have a right to say this system needs to go without knowing what the next system may look like. It's the job of leaders within government imo to get input from communities and formulate that plan-some citizens, particularly lawyers, leaders in affected communities of color, etc-know more and should have a louder voice than others.
I agree but I think that issue is how much sway we give republicans (reminder: the ones in the US senate, despite having a majority, represent 10 million fewer people than dem senators). I think pandering to them is how we got trump, plus voter supression and all that. The modern GOP is a cancer that can't be reasoned with, and most of them are no more supportive of reform or budget cuts than the more neccessary drastic measures. They also seem to be bad at math and would rather spend more money despite bring the party of "small government". The US spends about $100 billion per year on police and another $80 billion on prisons-but only $44 billion on HUD and $68 billion on food assistance. A lot of property crime falls into two camps: low value theft done by people who's basic needs are not met, and high value money landering, wage theft, and fraud. The former can be addressed via investments in housing, education, community supports wherein people who fall on hard times are provided for etc. The latter is usually not investigated by police anyway (and people rarely face charges for it but that's a whole other problem). Community led policing already exists in areas the police don't give a shit about, though largely informally. If you've ever lived in a "bad" neighborhood where all your neighbors know and look out for you vs a "good" one where they don't speak to you, that might put it in a little more context?
I'm from NJ originally and people back home are mad at Murphy too, but female govs definetly get more personal vitrol vs directed at their policy or actions.
This is critical. I xare more about (ex) flipping the senate rn than any individual person
Having to work 40 hours a week is a huge fucking barrier to protesting etc because of the fear of losing your ability to have things like food or a place to sleep indoors, and most people are so fucking tired afterward that they can't take on another big activity.
She seems like a true progressive and dedicated to actually serving the people of NM, from what I can tell.
This is the only time I will support using military against a US citizen.
The Glasses have been awful forever but this is the first time they picked a thing everyone is paying attention to to be shitty about. So it came down harder because more people saw.
Seconding this. Removing financial barriers is awesome but so many act like that solves raciam and...no.
Hahaha I'm a data nerd so....we fucked if it's up to me, I have no other skills
I did for one year and then got a roommate again. It wasn't worth the hype tbh, maybe if I got paid more but it was expensive enough that I was always stressed about money and also lonely af
It's really, really hard to prove exposure from a droplet spread disease like COVID strong enough for a lawsuit-let alone a secondary case, especially when prevalence is high enough that they could have got it elsewhere. It's a good idea but it won't hold up.
I did not meet a black or hispanic person until I was in college. There was one girl from India in my class in 3rd grade. My (bigot) father straight up told me we lived there because it's where the white people were, like he did some great parenting thing with that? My family is very gay and I was taught to care about humans so I've been a registered dem since I turned 18 BUT I absolutely did not understand systemic racism (or anything involving race) until my early 20s. I never bothered to learn-I only knew white people so why would I even think about it?
yikes
Thaaaat's how we get fires
Way to passionate, no chill. Once spent 12 hours making a spreadsheet just to prove I was right. I also have absolutely zero problem starting a fight. &amp;#x200B; I'm also too optimistic about the potential for growth which isn't a flaw on its own but with the above means I beat a lot of dead horses because I can't tell they're dead.
I haven't had those sorts of moments, but tbh that makes my career perfect for me? &amp;#x200B; I'm an epidemiologist with more of a bent toward biostatistics. I worked in state government for a while and I got to do \*everything\*. I'm not the best epi or anything, but I am the first person to volunteer for a thing so I got to do emergency response, case investigations, work on infectious disease stuff (not my wheelhouse), work on some environment projects etc while I was there. Now I work in an academic setting as part of a group that provides statistical support to researchers-sometimes epidemiologists, often more often biologists or clinicians, and I also get to do a million different things here because I'm part of so many different projects. So, I never had an aha moment, but I don't think I want one?
There's a return to contact guidance too, separate from COVID. That said, I've been in charge of training in more than one league and no one ever follows that. If you plan a well thought out skill progression people either don't come or yell at you. because it's not contact
Around that time I also had only really met white people and I didn't get it. I took a social inequality class dyeing the end of undergrad and that changed basically my entire framework of thinking about society (and pushed me to go listen to voices outside my white middle class bubble).
I also had similar thoughts when Trayvon was murdered. I wad like 18 and depressed and couldn't grasp that because I was unhappy and struggling, white folks could still have privledge. My hometown is 95% white and I just hadn't learned. I am deeply ashamed of my perspective back then but glad I have had the opportunity to learn and grow since.
I'm proud to say my mother Karen is extremely anti-trump
I've never understood how women vote for conservatives at all. I mean like, I get it, internalized misogyny. But yikes.
Oh I really like her
I think Hilary's campaign made the decision that they'd be better off appealing to independents and moderates that hate Trump than the left. It was the wrong choice, and a kinda weird one-feel like the 2016 campaign Hilary was more moderate than she had been throughout her entire career and beyond not being what people wanted, it felt fake.
Me too, but it wouldn't surprise me-society is more tolerant of women who fit the mold set for them vs progressive women who break it.
This city is also a KKK hub
Yeah they were totally in the right for illegally detaining a man who was sleeping in a parking lot and it was totally legal to murder him for that. My bad, forgot it was open season for the cops.
If you think that's a valid reason for someone to die, you need help.
Some are like my family who vote dem but live in a white bubble and don't think about hard stuff, view all disruptions as bad etc. Luckily this type can be easier to educate
Have you watched the video? This was clearly a murder.
I noticed that too. Like, I don't feel unsafe around my neighbors, I do feel unsafe when the cops show up.
I hope it's her! I think she's the most likable generally and has the household name. Please don't take my governor, we need her (she's amazing though and I do hope she makes a presidential run at some point).
This was about the average per day before protests even started. Lots of workplace transmission and hospital transmission driving that. In many states, bars, restaurants, and churches are now also open.
most public health experts, including the official statement of apha, disagree with you. &amp;#x200B; if you don't want people to protest during a pandemic maybe don't spend tax dollars to murder them during a pandemic
Not always, though. Her 2016 campaign ABSOLUTELY. But remember when she was first lady?
She'd probably fire half of NMDOH too, to save the budget ya know.
Are you talking about Warren or MLG? MLG is like 60 which would make a her a boomer, but still significantly younger than Warren/Biden/etc.
I don't think it's new but it's pretty hard to have a room bad enough for it to show up iirc
Formal education is whatever, I don't care. Anti-intellectualism or frankly a desire to learn things that isn't as a high as mine is a hard pass.
I absolutely don't want it either! But it's not a fear that haunts me or anything, just a thing I take precautions to avoid. I also don't want to die in a car accident, but I'm not terrified to drive-I take reasonable precautions like following traffic laws, driving at a reasonable speed, and wearing a seat belt.
Trump was never what was wrong with the GOP, just a symbol of it.
Interesting! I honestly tend to build stuff and then get bored before I get around to putting sims into it so it hasn't showed up much for me :/
Neither will be a barrier for you! They both will give you info that will be helpful to have. Personally, I'm heavily biased toward sociology (and have a BS in it). I don't think much public health work makes sense without at least thinking about frameworks developed by sociologists. I use the information from a number of my undergrad courses (particularly a course on social inequality) pretty much daily.
It's not just that-law enforcement on individuals has consistently been applied harshly to people of color and not at all to white people. The point in enforcing businesses is in part to prevent unequal enforcement (and the risks that come from law enforcement interaction) from harming individuals. Instead you pressure businesses into requiring it.
I haven't washed my hair in....at least a week, maybe two? &amp;#x200B; It doesn't change that much in a day when you wash it once a month lmao
I hope no one doing small groups is in an indoor venue unless you're in NZ bc yikes... I have firmly put my foot down that unless our whole state chills we are not having practice as we are bordered by two states who seems to think the goal is to have as many cases as possible. We also have a number of people who work either in healthcare or retail and like imagine someone gettkng COVID at practice then spreading it to their customers. No thank you. Especially in the US, it WILL get worse before it gets better and tbh I am shocked and saddened that leagues here are gathering at all. Just because it's not in the news cycle doesn't mean people aren't dying.
If the US hadn't turned masks into a political battle maybe
That's for air travel, but especially as Florida and Arizona are both hotspots please be cautious and always wear a mask when getting out of your car, even just for gas.
Awesome, I'm glad you're taking precautions!
I'm not a podcast person but I love And The Band Played On for reading
A few countries are under control, but if you're talking about the US it seems many people believe things being open means safe and have forgotten our long history of allowing people to die in public health crises (see: AIDS, Katrina, Chicago heat waves, hell even our lack of healthcare access)
It's fucked that your team is putting you in a position to feel guilty for being responsible
It is focused on businesses. &amp;#x200B; Individual enforcement can be a hazard given the behavior of law enforcement.
I went on a two hour rage walk yesterday lmao. It was actually really nice (roommate came with me, we walked to the river near our house) but oh my god. My family's gonna raise my blood pressure by a thousand points (rant ahead). &amp;#x200B; My mom is currently living with my aunts because her house caught on fire and is being repaired. Aunts have absolutely no concern for social distancing or mask wearing at all and keep posting photos on facebook of them in tightly packed groups of 15+ people. They're in NJ so it's not like it's been chill there. My mom doesn't like this either but would never speak up. They also regularly visit my 80 year old grandma. So after the fifth group of different people, I asked them to please wear masks and consider the health of those around them. They were like "thanks for your opinion" so I pointed out I'm an epidemiologist and expert recommendations aren't opinions and spent about an hour being spoken to like I am a small child despite being a fucking adult. I'm both furious and worried they're gonna kill my mother.
All the money we spend on weapons while people don't have healthcare or shelter or food
Your employer is not required to. This comes up on this sub all the time.
People in the USA have decided because we're bored of COVID it must be over.
Lmao right? Blaming the person who got shot instead of the person who shot em, really?
This makes me like it less because he is very clearly using pro cop language. How bout addressing that the APD officers themselves are the problem?
Have you seen their FB?? Absolutely terrorists with no attempt to hide it
A big issue would be that low % of positive tests is a good metric assuming you're testing the right people. So in theory you also want to know how many tests were done and maybe some info aboyt where (is it workplace screening? Hospital admissions? Symptomatic people only?). It's a piece of the puzzle, but alone it means little. If I just test the five people in my office, all w no known exposures, the positives are 0% but weren't not testing enough or who needs it.
I train at home and I do not do any exercises that require kipping and modify the shit out of things often (ex: I know I can't keep good form w overhead squats or lunges so I will either work on them very very light or sub a front rack).
I definetly think "I eat seven beets per day bc someone told me itd make me recover faster" is different from exercises that might harm ya
Yeah our dem mayor is a fucking cop sympathizer
Yeah that's been workin great, my cities dem mayor certainly doesn't keep defending police.
Because it's easy
Get a roommate. Living alone was not in any way worth not being able to afford shit like car repairs or really anything beyond groceries.
In my state the State Epi needs an MD
She was trying to keep him from hurting anyone, he had already assaulted another woman
I think certain positions are exempt from this if they're critical functions for the lab
My suspicion is no
No, whoever that DM was from seemed to (though I am unconvinced they haven't been writing those themselves) but they 100% endorsed it. If you have any doubts they're racists your head is in the sand.
Don't get covid
I'm sorry you have been brainwashed to believe that standing up against injustices is intolerant. Inclusion doesn't mean all viewpoints are welcome-you cannot have an inclusive space and welcome bigots.
What on earth is wrong with you? So what, you want a league with racists and homophobes instead of sticking up for those with marginalized identities? There is no space for that in roller derby. Your attitudes are actively causing harm. I hope to god I never meet someone this dangerous on the track, and I am sorry for those who have people in their league who think we should be tolerant of bigotry.
A lot (not all) of macro counting etc is also disordered behavior in disguise. The fitness industry has normalized a lot...
I guess I'm not surprised? Probably lots of travel through there between Tuscon and El Paso. Sounds like they're doing a good job screening down there if a lot of these cases are asymptomatic though.
yeaaaars ago i did a whole30 and like, it's just shit backed by minimal or no science hiding disordered habits. you wanna learn to overanalyze and panic about every food label? well then i have a diet for you!
"be scared of beans but eat 20 lbs of this special bacon that's fine!!" "the whole world eats rice but no, none for you!"
weird that you got downvoted lmao it's true, even among experts we expected florida to be a bigger problem months ago. doesn't mean they're out of the woods or anything but it's taken way longer than expected to be a big deal
The conservatives can be stopped by the rules. The facists cannot be.
Tho honestly half the Dems are the true conservatives...we could ditch every republican and split the democratic party down the middle and have our center be much closer to actually center 😂
Plus climate will tend toward less precipitation in many fire prone areas over the next few decades
It's not just anti-science, it's anti-expertise. In many areas of the US, people treat all opinions as opinions, even when one is coming from an expert and the other from someone that has no idea what they're talking about.
At least people stopped showing me their rashes after assuming I look at skin 😂😂😂
I think lately and especially since 2016 they have gotten more of a platform but they've always been there
I will happy lie my way into a top role and then remove all lobbying so we have no more guns
My parents LOVED him for that
I play on an older (but relatively powerful) laptop and it's fine-IF I comb through my CC regularly and get rid of the stuff I don't ever use.
Some people love to spend their free time blaming victims on the internet. They're probably not trolls, but their cruel and violent views are not deserving of respect.
Beautiful, but imo boring if you like city life at all. I lived in Santa Fe for a bit before moving to Albuquerque and it wasn't a great fit for me, but I totally understand how and why people are happy there.
Some of it is also the type of people to attend either. Many of my friends who are protesting are isolating from their families, carrying tons of sanitizer, 14 day quarantine afterward etc. I am \*sure\* folks at bars aren't doing that. People who are protesting human rights abuses tend to be more generally conscientious than people who are mad that they can't sit in the applebee's.
I live in Albuquerque so many of us have evaporative cooling, which is fine if it's 100 and dry but very very not fine if it's even slightly humid. We had a week earlier this month where it was just humid enough for ours to do nothing and it got to the point where we were sitting in my car with the cats to cool down. &amp;#x200B; I might have to invest in a window unit as back up.
if you don't want to get a window unit, some fans have a cooling feature that makes it a little more pleasant!
Wish we could close our state border to essential travel only
I work at a university and am about to start working on a second masters-it's relatively common for people I work with to have multiple degrees because we have awesome tuition benefits and my group likes to hire career changers etc-so we have a lot of people doing work with us who don't have a degree in the field but do have a masters or PhD and then after a bit decide since it's free they mind as well. It's also common to get a masters en route to a PhD-that was my original plan, but things diverted a lil bit when I got a job. I did pay for my first masters though.
I really love this idea and will be sharing it with friends. Thank you so much for doing this!
I suspect you're not in the US? I am and while my state was strict and numbers look good, our bordering states seem to think you win by having the most cases and I will not be attending an in person gym until at least 2021.
(Epi here!) This is generally true-we also didn't see significant spikes linked to the idiots mad that they couldn't sit in an Applebees and those people did not take precautions, so it's not surprising. Many protesters also self isolated afterward-one of my friends is protesting every 14 days and doing a home quarantine between. &amp;#x200B; In general, respiratory illnesses don't spread as well outdoors, and this seems to be extremely true for COVID. When you factor in high mask wearing, hand washing (or sanitizing-in my city the organizers have dedicated people to literally just be part of the protest handing out hand sanitizer), and a demographic who are likely to not show symptoms anyway\*, you don't get a big spike from this. \*Younger folks are more likely to be asymptomatic and not be tested at all, but there's also some evidence that transmission from people who never develop symptoms (not ones who haven't yet, people who are truly asymptomatic throughout entire illness course) isn't as strong, likely do to lower viral loads.
You got downvoted but you're correct-a biiiiig chunk of transmission is happening indoors. Karen refusing to wear a mask at Walmart is likely a much bigger factor.
I donated to her before Booker announced his candidacy (and donated double to him when he did, lol) and 100% this is what I'd like to happen. I donated to her campaign because I hate Mitch, not because I like her.
I'm an epidemiologist who has been working on COVID. I don't know what you think is sophisticated enough? The people collecting data aren't morons and while media seems to report that we don't contact trace or track large events that's completely false. In my state we have a database of exposure sources, it's just not all public information as it can easily become identifiable. I can tell you here almost every case is a workplace or household exposure, and even before protests very very few, if any, were linked to strictly outdoor gatherings. Some states do publish known clusters, though generally more of the long term care center flavor. But we don't have a GPS tracking device on individuals which seems to be what you want? Part of being a good epidemiologist is knowing how to work with data that will never be complete. You would see an increase in cases reported per day in NYC, Boston, and Minneapolis by now if protests were to blame, regardless of whether you explicitly were told the source. You can see consistent declines in the NYC and Boston metros (the more concerning areas in both NY and MA are generally red counties). Yesterday NYC reported about 400 new cases. Two weeks ago they reported 500. Hennepin county, where Minneapolis is located, was actually trending upward before protests started and no longer is doing so-on 6/5 they reported 232 cases, yesterday only 95. There also has not been very large protest activity in Arizona so it'd be absolutely ridiculous to act like that's why things are out of control there-it's because they never really locked down and ended it way too early. While I'm sure this isn't your intent, an insistence on blaming protests comes off as a dismissal of the causes BLM fights for and honestly low key racist. I suggest examining your internal biases on this one.
My mom did! My parents divorced when I was 7 and I am an only child, so a lot of the time it was just us. She was a parent in that she supported me etc in ways that I don't think friends would, but by the time I was in high school she spoke to me like we were friends mostly. I never really rebelled or anything so idk how she would of handled that? It wasn't worth it when I wasn't mad at my mother lmao. I didn't really have rules, but I was a pretty independent kid and didn't have too many issues self-regulating. I never really got into trouble or anything, worse I did was sometimes stay up too late or eat a lot of candy. We're still really close, we talk almost every day.
WHY DO THEY NEED CARS
i follow cats and food
Interesting, it doesn't show up for me
Absolutely not, and if they tell you a person's name without that persons consent they're in a mess.
But it does prevent the health department from releasing that name to the gym. We can't give names to anyone ever
Gym equipment as I'm building my home gym, and video games I know I'll play are the two big ones rn. Also food I love-I try to be mindful of my spending but if the ice cream that's $1 more is what I'm craving I will spend the dollar.
I have adjustable DBs and a jump rope. I also have a barbell but only one set of (heavy) bumper plates so it gets little use. I also have a plyo box I use often but if we had stairs in our home I would likely not need it. Next purchases will be a squat rack that has a pull up bar, a bench, some more plates, and eventually a women's bar bc I have tiny hands.
They don't get assigned to events usually, just individuals
Depends on the state, here epidemiologists do the initial investigation, health educators and admin staff do follow up calls with cases, contact tracers call contacts. No one can make you say where you've been so who knows whether the public would know. Idk what OK's cluster reporting looks like but here we don't typically share them (though cases involved may contact media etc).
Wow did I write this
It doesn't show up for me and I am sad
I think you mean follows science vs does not lmao
I can't remember Albuquerque PD being anything but scary honestly
SHAVING
YES. I will say this sub has gotten much much more balanced and healthy in the (many 😂) years I've been around tho
Yep I stayed at my last job for about 13 months and one of my supervisors literally said "yep sounds about right, you're too ambitious to stick around here for too long"
I'm a 36DDD so not huge, but large enough that I find them annoying. Honestly, working diligently on my strength and posture has made the biggest difference. Especially with large breasts it is SO SO easy to have fucked up posture. &amp;#x200B; I'd love to get em reduced to a C cup tho.
every single county in oklahoma went for trump in 2016, it's pretty red! though a bit less so in tulsa and okc compared to the rest of the state
A rack certainly!! And a bench. And bumpers if I can but they seem to rare rn 😂😂 I already have a bar tho. I also REALLY want a womens bar but that might be a future purchase.
Reform is great for making people think something was done while changing nothing
"cool me neither" (if i notice which is unlikely)
NM has surprisingly awesome public health infrastructure compared to other rural states. I suspect generally electing fewer republicans than the others plays a role in that, though-the GOP does not like to fund prevention.
Yeah because the FBIs job is to deal with spray paint
This, and it's really hard to predict what two weeks from now will look like given the shitstorm in AZ
counting fucking macros/calories/whatever diet culture bullshit is the flavor of the month
I think it's important to note not everyone "abstained", we're a nation of rampant voter supression.
I would love to remove any possible temptation for out of state people to come here tbh. Our hospital infrastructure is shit and we're gonna be FUCKED if it gets bad.
Nothing says privileged white kids like this
Yep, my alma mater has flat out said if they have too small a class they're done for good
Oh yeah to be clear I meant vacationers etc, if people need medical care and ABQ is the best place for them to get it (or if it's ABQ vs none) they should ABSOLUTELY have access to that.
Not really, I wasn't even in middle school when they got new jobs. I can tell you Trump's candidacy made my GOP for life absolutely racist, sexist father vote for HRC. Here's an article that he still owed money: https://www.northjersey.com/story/news/columnists/mike-kelly/2020/01/24/donald-trump-still-owes-money-to-contractors-who-built-taj-mahal-atlantic-city/4547037002/
Can we close an indoor space in exchange?
There's no right model, unfortunately, they're all just various flavors of educated guess. I believe the NM models are written to be more responsive to recent data than is typical, but someone can correct me on that?? I suspect 0.87 was arrived at based on the outbreak in McKinley/San Juan finally calming down as that's been accounting for the bulk of cases for a while and driving state data.
For adults making their own choices, sure. There's no reason young girls need all this djet culture shoved at them. It's toxic. I don't think I know a single grown woman who grew up with a healthy relationship with food or exercise as a result. And I could have written your comment while I was actually totally obsessed with tracking every detail and totally mentally unhealthy 🤷‍♀️ were good at lying to ourselves
We're not gonna have any communities anywhere in 50 years if oil and gas continues as it has been
Lol Susana was arguably one of the worst governors nationwide in the last century
Yeah certainly Biden doing that and not Trump lmao do you know how to fucking read?
I'm kinda torn on this because there are absolutely shitty people with progressive politics but I don't believe you can hold conservative views and NOT be a bigot unless you're lying to yourself.
Fuck 40 hours is too many, I'd get way more done with a 25-30 hr work week
You mentioned progressive views, and the two are opposites. I was just pointing out that while you can be close minded or shitty with progressive views, I see them as a baseline requirement for not being close minded and shitty.
Lmao I am number like 2700, guess I'm not buying a rack today
Lmao this wasn't an argument at all??? I was expanded on your top level comment with my own views which is....literally how this sub works....
I wish they'd done it in blocks. Like randomize people to a spot based on 10 min intervals of when they got there or somethin
i guess more people realize they shouldn't be open than i expected
Not surprised. There's some really great people working at AZDHS but they've been forced to do more and more with less and less every year for ages
Says a lot that this is the best defense anyone's got
I suspect that will change too, I think a lot more people are against giving CF money compared to a month ago
Yikes. I love crossfit style exercise but it's been a long time since I've been near a physical box. I just remember it being a lot more white and erm close minded people than I am used to. (I'm sure there were good ones and good people who attend them but still...)
This might be bad advice depending on your comfort level but I learned by skating at a wall, gotta turn around toe stop before making contact with it. Maybe better to try with a friend who can move out of the way if you don't stop tho
Not sure where you moved to but this is often true, contacting positive cases is the priority.
I haven't seen a single gym in my city who I would trust to be open right now. If you care more about your bottom line than people's lives you deserve to fail 🤷‍♀️
Yep love when my coworkers make stupid choices and then me and my vulberable roommate get sick at work. If you think it only affect you you're selfish as fuck.
If you put people at risk you shouldn't be in bussiness
I think only like two are in correctional facilities. If you have the patience to go through every day's press release it is reported but I'm not sure if a public aggregate exists
If having your actions called out is insulting you should probably be rethinking those actions.
I'm an epidemiologist but tell me more about what experts say, sure. We did not do the things that we were supposed to buy time-a number of states opened too early, we don't have adequate testing in place, etc-the goal wasn't eradication-but the US also just reported its highest case count since 5/1 so if you think it's safe to be going out in this country your head is in the dang sand. Lobby for a government that protects its people. If your solution is "get to work!" then you're just willing folks to die for a dollar.
Dealing with it for what it is is staying home. I'm sorry you're so determined to ignore this and I genuinely hope you do not lose loved ones or encounter harm yourself as a result.
I'm disappointed it hasn't been easier to find stuff on craigslist now that gyms are open (NM here) but I was able to get a bar and a singular set of bumpers from titan fitness! /r/homegym usually has threads with updates on places stocking stuff!
&gt;I agree and I try to tell that to my "fiscally conservative" Republican friends, but they don't want to hear it. Fiscally conservative people just hate poor people, they don't actually care about government spending
26, just not super interested 🤷‍♀️ I'm happy, single isn't necessarily equal to lonely
There's less than 2k people in De Baca. With rural counties it's mostly just luck.
Yeah exactly. And it's just too hot to do that in much of the south/southwest rn. The high in Phoenix is 110F today.
UNM emergency test
Told someone to have a nice day when I was working retail. "Don't you tell me what to do! I don't care about your fucking day and you don't care about mine! I don't know you!"
I've never been! I've heard it isn't very safe but it looks absolutely beautiful
UPS also loves to blame their drivers when it isn't the drivers fault
Yeah the conditions that can actually make wearing a mask difficult are the same ones that make you very high risk, with the exception of things that affect your senses such as autism.
Oh yeah same. I just wish it was easier! Especially for primaries, sometimes it's even hard to find shit on the incumbent. Like, why??? Why can't we be more transparent???
Agreed. I believe Biden can be pressured more reasonably than Trump. We still need to apply that pressure.
i wouldn't even call this a small step, this is so awesome!
This. It's also one of the easiest to recreate well enough at home.
WHO walked back that statement because it was incorrect
I just don't think she has the national name that Harris and Warren have
Most universities will collapse if too many people take an LOA. It's kinda shitty tho that many are just like welp if they die they die 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ I just hope staff can keep working from home, there is literally nothing I want less than sharing air with 17k students during a pandemic 😂 and I can easily be wfh with no changes in my productivity. If cases get bad enough they will have to be online though, there is a point where it isn't a choice. Our neighbors in TX and AZ are all but ensuring thata gonna happen by fall.
People with somewhat disordered thinking but short of a full blown ED (aka a HUGE percent of people) may also get ideas, even subconsciously.
I love Twitter but I've also been cultivating a good group to follow for a decade and use mute + block liberally
They've been empowered all over the country to be more open about their racism. It's been building for a few years.
Also originally from NJ, a bit jealous right now as I'm in NM and my state is taking it seriously but is surrounded by morons
&gt;From what the hospitality industry has been complaining about, though, even a toothless quarantine causes some vacationers to re-think their travel plans. The pandemic should do that enough lmao people are dumb
Because you have to be as quick as fucking possible. I can't imagine breakfast rush having to assemble sandwiches there, even just heating them was hell.
If we had done a real, strict, national lockdown starting in early March we would be MUCH closer to safe right now.
Yeah ours has a few pay bands for different degrees but the lowest is "high school diploma only".
Exactly. Some states absolutely did (I can only speak to my own-we did a lot, but were at a deficit from the start because we're poor af) but federally? Nada.
They also do targeted testing at workplaces that may be clusters-sometimes this returns a whole bunch of positive tests, but sometimes it doesn't.
I think it's likely that this is gonna happen tbh
I've never tried to make specific like, big strength gains with bands but I use them for all of my re/pre hab work with my shoulders and hips and lemme tell you, it makes a fucking world of a difference. I love bands, they're a home gym essential.
CW COVID rant Not fitness related but need to vent. I'm in an ongoing argument with my family about how two of them traveling to Florida (one being my 79 yr old grandma) then hosting a birthday party 5 days later is a stupid idea. They just keep telling me "that's my opinion" and I'm pretty sure I'm just watching from afar the death of at least one elderly family member in real time. They all just think I'm a massive bitch. I HAVE AN EPIDEMIOLOGY DEGREE.
it's hilarious because i'm always scoping out houses nearby (lots of foreclosures around here, and not a wealthy area so there's some DEALS) and i'm always thinking "bet that house that's an ugly as fuck color will be cheaper even though i could repaint it inexpensively"
Dropping weights on the second floor is a shitty idea but if you're never going for a max/always set them down gently it's nbd
I'd call their mom instead. I don't care if they're 40.
it's also possible my family members are morons (actually, likely)
I have a comfy job I can do from home and disposable money. Literally all I have bought in the last three months is home gym equipment and food.
Hawaii has been arresting people
its because they can't read
My family said that when I begged them not to have a party. I AM AN EPIDEMIOLOGIST. Like a real one, not an armchair one.
All of this. Your numbers agree with most expert opinions I've seen and the cholera example is brilliant (I wish I had thought of it myself tbh)
You gotta sign up for email alerts from rep, rogue, etc and follow /r/homegym!
Totally agree. I usually do sprouts so I can buy bulk and save plastic but that's kinda moot rn anyway
Yep! And a lot of it is nebulous-we know the water is terrible, even non-science people can see that. But what is the specific negative outcome? Cancer, or an acute illness, or something else? Maybe all of them, or none? The general public has a really hard time caring when the consequence isn't super clear-I also suspect that's part of the issue with COVID.
Do you mean in theory or in reality? Because in theory, sure, in reality-I mean AZ is the most infected state in the US and Ducey's presser today was basically "shit's bad, good luck".
Saw one here today, masks and some distance. Its almost like people who care about issues also want to keep people healthy!
We can also see from Sweden that no lockdown does not space the economy or business but it does kill people.
No. It is a side effect of a pandemic. We have data from countries like Sweden that economic downturn is no better without a lockdown, but more people die. If you want to sacrifice human lives for the economy, fine. You and your loved ones first, though.
This was a decision made by privatizing healthcare. We are the only country with this problem, because we're the only ones operating health care like a business instead of a human right.
Still very nerdy, have a much healthier perspective on work though.
I'd expect about/on average $50k, higher in the private sector and some very expensive regions, lower in some others. I believe I was hired at my first job in state government at $47k but my salary was adjusted to a bit over 50 pretty soon after (statewide adjustments to lower pay bands that'd been in the works for a few years, not a thing I'd count on).
The smart thing to do would be roll things backward. Though AZ took the "shit's bad, good luck" approach.
I'd rather be broke and my family alive than just as broke and some subset of them dead. I mean, I would prefer we did it right the first time but that ship has SAILED
DC and PR need to be states and it's super BS that a lot of Republicans fight it.
Yes omg. A while ago I made a butternut squash lasagna and my mom carried it in ans everyone ADORED it...without knowing it was vegan 😂😂😂
It wasn't on purpose but it worked! My roommate is mostly vegan and when we go to parties we do the opposite😂 THIS IS VEGAN LOOK HOW GOOD VEGAN FOOD IS Y'ALL and then we just eat it ourselves
Wow the first thing he said that's kinda true!
We can blame the GOP for that one
My neighbors def had a party with 40+ people last night, most of whom I think live here, so while some is absolutely tourists...our residents may also be idiots.
&gt;By the time someone is sick enough to need an ICU bed, they'll be too sick to transport. This is false. ICU level patients have been transported from GIMC and SJRMC to hospitals in ABQ since the outbreak on Navajo nation started to get bad.
This looks like a way to get people murdered
What's the cheapest option for flooring? Tractor supply? I'd like about 50 square feet worth
Which is wild because here in NM we creeped from 2% to 3% and it's been like OH FUCK
At minimum. It's basically NYC's hell 3x over, although admittedly it'd slow down as closer to herd immunity = less susceptible hosts = slower spread
I use IG often but I only follow body positive influencers, people who post exclusively vegan food, and cats
&gt;Back in the old days (from what I've heard from my parents and grandparents) it was way easier/ much more affordable to live by yourself at a "young" age. Nowadays a lot of 25+ year olds still live at home. When I got my first job at 25, I was living alone in the cheapest apartment I could find cost quite literally half of my take home pay. I saved less than $50 the entire year I lived there. For reference I was making about the median US income in a medium COL area.
My only concern is other people that hover and pee on the seat as a result.
I thought my indoor only (and honestly has z e r o survival instincts) cat got out last night and my fitbit thought it was a workout. It was not a workout, I was sobbing while my roommate found him behind the dryer. He is fine, just a jerk.
Here the only people I've seen at protests without masks are the cops
Yeah spin and straight up lying aren't the same
My suspecion is a reporting backlog, especially if this includes a big cluster from a workplace or care home.
Huh I don't really date or care too and I wonder if this is related.
It's fun how people twist what you say when they want to dismiss systemic racism! Check your biases, yo. I literally just explained why increased cases are not attributable to protests (which could also be shown with contact tracing data, though that is not public domain in any state, as far as I know).
Omg for real. If I'm going to a place that serves unhealthy garbage I want (vegan) unhealthy garbage.
Lmao is it really that complex to conclude that people fighting against injustices and violence might be a bit more concerned about human life that those who are attending unnecessary indoor public spaces during a pandemic???? 😂😂😂
They're like in your brain
14 day is quarantine for travel/exposure/etc. Isolation guidance for a positive case is 10 days (was 7). Tranmission drops off rapidly after symptom onset so it's likely moot.,
It is, people get quarantine and isolation mixed up.
I'm 5'6" and closer to 170 and this is also what I eat, most days are around 2k but sometimes higher.
I've only ever worked in public sector jobs and as academic staff so I'm always confused that they're not separate. In my state they pay out vacation when you leave but not sick time. Granted people used sick time all the time for three day weekends at my last job but no one really cared. My previous job did give us WAY more sick time than vacation though. My current job is the opposite.
I've always moved for work so I just go where the work is. I usually apply for jobs that sound interesting whenever I'm bored.
Unethical for sure but alao doesn't affect someone unless they come for parenting or child support etc so imo not quite the same
I definetly tend to yell when people aren't listening. Took me a while to realized hearing =/= listening and more volume wouldn't solve it
My house was similar. To this day it stresses me the fuck out when people are calm or quiet because it's hella foreign. I struggle to even register that other people care about a situation if they aren't as visibly worked up and loud as I am.
Masks reduce transmission, but nothing ia guaranteed
We haven't but I'm an epidemiologist and have been telling my leaguemates not to expect games before 2022 (in the US)
Yeah, I'm in a surge state too. We actually did meet WFTDA guidelines until a few days ago, but we border states with big issues and voted to wait it out, and now we no longer meet them. I had cited seeing members at gatherings without masks on socials as a reason to not 😂
It is unlikely things are going to be relatively safe in most of the country before Spring 2021 because our country is run by morons and the containment ship has mostly sailed. I suspect in the US well be mostly waiting for a vaccine, which would take a similar amount of time as we need to account for the time it takes to mass produce and administer. Add in that games usually need to be planned at least a bit in advance and we need to ramp people back up to full contact safely and you get no derby till 2022. Some areas will certainly be able to practice though, especially those in states which have handled this aggressively. I personally don't want us scheduling games and then people using that to justify gathering when it isnt safe. I could absolutely be wrong because viruses don't always follow rules! But derby is the definition of non essential, as much as we love it, so we'll be among the last things to seem normal. Fwiw I did believe this current spike wasn't going to happen until late July-so I suppose it's possible this will burn through itself quicker than expected. A new treatment could also drastically change things.
um we're supposed to own stocks? with what money?
It also only takes one small problem to wipe out any "extra" money. I had to get a strep test last year bc my coworker got sick and it cost me $250. With insurance.
I don't think people should be doing them. I also don't think most areas of the country should be having gyms or bars or indoor dining right now (and we should be doing a hell of a lot more to support people who are out of work, but I digress, we don't do that here). My aunt is planning a vacation to Florida for July and I'm pretty sure it's taken 10 years off my life.
Oh I know how fucked the US is. Around the same time I had an infected toenail and my Canadian friend absolutely fucking shattered his leg + got a concussion in an accident. Guess which event cost the most?
We're a bit regionally isolated so things haven't gotten as bad here yet-it's starting, though. TBD on whether our state will act, I guess
Maybe we could start by not shaming people in their 20s who live with their parents. Especially since not being a jerk is free.
Ours pushed curbside orders hard and was strict on capacity limits 🤷‍♀️
I love Murphy's leadership. Makes me miss NJ.
There's a few places whose food I truly don't want to live without-all of whom I prefer to support via take out anyway, so honestly this hasn't changed anything for my eating out habits...
ME TOO but I'm also scared of NM drivers lolololol
I miss surfing SO MUCH. It is SO MUCH FUN. Alas I'm about 850 miles from a beach.
Seconding this, though if you ARE gonna do this, dumbbells are way more forgiving. Or like, a broomstick. Not a barbell. Edited to change and to or, no dumbbells on broomsticks thanks
YES THIS SO MUCH. I've been working on my power cleans but that's about my barbell-loaded limit at home. Maybe some very light squat cleans if I'm feeling REAL spicy.
I hope so too! My entire family is back home and they're not all the most scientifically literate...they need strong leaders to keep em safe
Ah I guess he realized his base is gonna die first
I want to like their platform but I just can't. Every election it's a new trash fire from em
We know it's not the majority of y'all! Most are just tryin to get through this spike I'm sure
Oh wow! I've definetly seen decreasing mask usage around here, but honestly I haven't been anywhere but the grocery store and the library in a while. Neighbors did have a MASSIVE party this weekend tho. Like 40 cars massive.
I have a set amount monthly to save and for bills, everything else is for groceries, gas etc plus fun. I get paid monthly so if I blow it on crap oh well 😬. I think its about a third of my pay in each category.
Oof teenage me did a similar thing. I am physically cringing. It's also funny bc as an adult I'm VERY quick to be like "you don't wanna speak to me ok bye"
SAVORY OATMEAL IS THE BEST I'm totally making this
Lol was gonna pick up running again, gave myself shin splints jumping rope and not stretching! Ope
Not surprised, I've seen fewer masks every time I've gone to the store
I found my house on trulia and it was literally no issue. It's really surprising to me that others have had so much trouble! Maybe in the trendier places?? I'm near (but not in) the south valley so.. My 3 bed 2 bath is only 1200/mo and we have pets (only cats tho) 🤷‍♀️
me when i keep starting houses to fill the void in my soul but then get bored of them before i finish so i have an entire save file of houses that never were and it's really just a metaphor for my life
His friends to show up three hours later and shrug (and maybe shoot your dog), of course!
I've also been wondering about this. Our whole prison system is fundamentally broken in so many ways though...
THE BEST. Menstrual products are such a waste environment wise and they're stupid expensive and before I had a cup I'd literally cry about how much garbage I was creating
My work does a step challenge and I am extremely competitive so I find that motivating 😂😂 it's just a fitbit group an employee started
