This comment is best read in 'Playoff' format. Please click above. Thank you.
CAPTAIN, MY CAPTAIN Love me some Gio.
Do you think he's the best C in the league?
Monny = amazing. That last goal of his? He was going off to the bench. Saw the play. His situational awareness is literally off the charts. I know it was just a snap-shot goal, but, it was one of my fave goals of his from his entire career. Great pass, yes, but, he didn't even ***receive*** the pass before it was already put to bed. Just amazing, this guy's accuracy. He's ELITE, I think... finally. Last year, BTW, I argued that he was VERY GOOD, but, not elite. This year? WHOAH. ELITE AF. Just LOVE me some Monny! I'm so glad he's a Flame.
F
Bank-to-bank, however, and cross-border settlements, however, yes, I believe they will.
ASICs don't do anything useful except hash
So, basically the CIA. Got it.
I hope this isn't a stupid question, but, potential wise, what is the difference between Bennett and Lazar? I mean, both are highly rated, highly drafted players underperform to a point where, well, you know. Actually, any info appreciated on this, as, I kind of don't understand it.
And Lanny
I AM DISTRAUGHT
Are any Flames fans going to tonight's game? The wife and I are up in Edmonton right now and it would be cool to grab a beer with you guys quickly before the game.
Monahan's Reddit alt spotted
Hey we're there! I'll be the one in the Flames jersey! Kippur! Come say Hello, haha, oh, I also have a big fuck off beard. Which I am not shaving ever until they win the cup.
I'm there too! Sec 118, R25! GFG
I'm at the game and I have to say Rogers Place is absolutely Next Level. The lighting, cuz he was, the Jumbotron, it is absolutely unbelievable
I'm at the game and I have to say Rogers Place is absolutely Next Level. The lighting, cuz he was, the Jumbotron, this building is absolutely unbelievable
Hathaway = *truculent* - liking the Flames so far but Neal needs to be reinflated
I love this city! Nah, just the Coilers suck!
Honestly, I was watching for his number and I didn't really fuel Heelys there to make and impact but maybe he can find another gear here in the second period, you know, typically the flames most powerful dominant. Is the second...
Johnny got fingered
It was clear interference even in the arena here
He was a legend, young pleb
I'm 50 but he should be mounted and stuffed now, haha
Did you throw your Legos across the room
The only one with jump tonight
There were not many positives from the game last night. Redditch played amazing, he looked really solid and confident, and his movement around the net is becoming super efficient. He is starting to remind me of Vernon. Brodie had a great game, did not look tired at all, and he made some really smart plays to guys that just weren't there being sharp on the other side of it. Hamonik and Hathaway also had really great games, but literally that's about it. Nobody else was much of a positive or an impact player last night.
They would make him NHL first star just on principle alone!
It was a for me, Fan Attic, North Hill Mall, $199 down to something like $204
Yeah, these numbers assume you don't understand moustaches - pick a team and STFU
The gods have spoken
This. This is an energy team. And Hathaway provides energy that Fro can but hasn't been providing. He's simply falling out of the lineup. There's no drama here. He just isn't delivering on his chances and from the pressbox is literally watching this team skate away from him.
Did you fire the M&amp;P? That was my next gun but now I'm intrigued.
Huh. Canada is the only country with that line for a border
- Dictators exist, get over it, we can still have peaceful relations with countries and improve them that way - Kim was a Deep State hostage, read up on it, and, gee, where are all those missile tests? - Violence at rallies, uh, Charlottesville was YOU GUYS (nice brand new creases on that Nazi flag, bud) - Suggesting that Antifa political violence should be stopped, you mean, nice translating - You mean third trimester (when the child would be viable) is OK with you, or even AFTER BIRTH is fine (like in NYC)? Good platform! - Kids in cages was OBAMA, and we proved it - Fraudulently using the 25th amendment to take down a duly-elected POTUS isn't why that amendment exists - Was Trump elected 'by the electoral college' any differently than, say, Eisenhower or Carter? NOPE, that's kinda how the EC has worked for CENTURIES, son He's not leaving if impeached? PLEASE IMPEACH HIM. Do you even know how this works? After the house, it goes to the Senate, which Trump controls Do you even lift?
??? You want 'topical'? Try getting up to date. Do you even lift? Trump tweeted about GM's cuckery DOZENS of times. He demanded that the Lordstown plant be sold, and, [it was](https://www.freep.com/story/money/cars/general-motors/2019/05/08/gm-lordstown-oshawa-workhorse-trump/1140101001/). It's now making electric trucks. (That's a win, by the way, since 'winning' isn't in your vocabulary) Whatever, bud. Go order a Nazi flag off Amazon (I recommend you iron it this time - do guys you know how to iron things?), dress up in a red hat, and go parade around your local town square. Do whatever you like. Trump's approval is 9% higher than Obama's at this time and he's going to win 2020 in a LANDSLIDE. Stop drinking from the tit of loserness and actually lift for a change. You're behind on your facts, and it's clear you've skipped every 'leg day' since 2016. This is an absolutely pathetic performance.
TOMORROW - I made this idea, you'll see it, great suggestion, 'pede
Am former r/GA mod. This. They're looking out for us.
Get out - - - - - - &gt; /s
They sweep, hardcore
They sweep, hardcore
Two years no collusion will do that
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/bwr6mz/sec_charges_issuer_kik_with_conducting_100/eq0f08j/
Maybe it's because it's seven feet long? /s
THIS IS TOP NOTCH KEK, OP
Someone here is shadowbanned.........
Yes. Is there something I don't know about Reddit? I've always wondered. Also, while I'm here, I thought this meme would do better. \*shrug
Oh. I don't see the automod on my end, but, I'm OP. Odd that I wouldn't see it.
I give it 6/8!
Common Core, errybuddy? Delete your account, OP
Someone said training for when Oprah comes to town on June 19th.
I like it to. I have a camper on m and f350 tho.
Brigading? It's on the front page, asshat.
"ThE eCoNoMy HaS bEeN bOoMiNg FoR a DeCaDe" LOLOL, says the guy who likely backed Obama, the ONLY POTUS ever who NOT ONCE got 3% growth. You're HILARIOUS.
Lemon: "Oh, sorry, I thought you said you'd go down \*on\* the ship. That got me excited. My bad."
HMMM CNBC... a network that's lost 500k viewers over the past 90 days... HMMMMM... how about? Let's boil this down to the REAL topic at hand: #https://www.nytimes.com/1984/11/07/politics/reagan-wins-by-a-landslide-sweeping-at-least-48-states-gop-gains.html NO, THIS SUB IS ABOUT "IT'S THE ECONOMY, STUPID"... See ya soon, loser! :)
Obsess much? It's about what America did
Y A S S S S !
# IS IT GREEN???
#BULLSHIT.
BIG WHEEL. Holy shit, I'm old. I had one of those.
Can I get less weaksauce reposts, Honk Honk?
R. I. PIECES
Well-spotted. Holds the world record, too. Amazing little thing.
https://followingillusions.weebly.com/dragon-illusions.html
# There are $50/mo limits on this benefit
Canada here, I win the waiting game! haha :(
I'm already making money with [crypto.com](https://crypto.com) earn even tho I'm in Canada and it may still be a year until I get my card.
When will the deposits be enabled?
This is what they did for me.
B...
# DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
# YOU DON'T LIFT. You might want to read the indictments. Built from the ground up to FAIL. Prepare to DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT.
CONFORM OR YOU WON'T GET YOUR PELLETS!
it does??? Where? not the Monument! It would be chopped off by the blades!
Bang on, thanks for looking at the whole thing, I appreciate it
You said it better than this [tard](https://twitter.com/xVizonary/status/1139231827103813633) did
Maybe it was a Muslim arranged marriage?
Errr... I'm OP, and, uh, what are you saying
Oooh, careful, bud. Dangerous work. I'll keep your pilots (not you! haha, kidding) in my prayers. BE SAFE. I'm Canadian, I think we had the last S-92 accident, actually, so, hopefully you stay safe. Thanks for the info on the helo. What do you do? I used to "fly in / fly out" at a SAGD site up here, but, it was just office work...
It's based on how in demand the book is for this legal mind
#THE DREAM TEAM
*Pepperige Fucking Farms!*
Fixed. You are right. I made this, but I couldn't flair it with the upload tool I use. I didn't anticipate that people would take it as literally, but, that's California for you
Happening to me as well... I use Brave browser
Dig... you'll see
#UGH - gorgeous, absolutely stunning
I NEED TO SEE A MAN ABOUT A DOG
Congratulations on all your progress, Ethereum
Ahaha, your stream is comedy gold Want some Russian dressing for your word salad? Got TONS
Ahahah, "douche" is also a small French word Thanks for the entertainment, and remember, LG's OLED TV's are really, really good
Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nClIukAOKzI
LOL, war with Iran is on the table This sub is amazing
I guarantee Gio is sleeping in a Plexiglas wrapped, hyperbaric, pure oxygen environment this very moment
People would have to CARE for it to matter - this is so desperate, it's laughable
# PROOF CNN HATES FACTS
I'm a former A mod. This is not what's happening.
Yeah what has Q done, except for Korea, Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, trade deals with China, and butt-f**king at every turn WHAT
Patriots. People that believe in America. You probably don't know them.
Holy f\*\*k, a brain donor appears. Source: # LIFTING
See my flair, bud? I've been gone even longer than that. I saw this on the FP for some reason. I thought the foldable phone had been killed. I asked an honest question—but, fuck me, right?
Oh, right, that guy! Whatever happened to him, anyway? He kinda fell off the map
This is about their response, tho, and lack thereof
You were right, tho, people weren't getting it
You'll forgive me if the humour was lost among the downvotes and lack of a quality reply. But, yeah, I'm not dying, over here, it's tru
You don't Twitter
Thank God it went to a future music legend
LOL - yeah, *Kashoggi* was a "journalist" - just how uncritical do you need to be to believe that. He was Muslim brotherhood. Member of CAIR. Undermined the Saudi Government. Wow. But because he worked for WaPo?? https://thefederalistpapers.org/opinion/khashoggi-working-remove-saudi-government-power Jesus. And people here believe his APPLE WATCH recorded his murder. The same folks that leaked VAULT 7 believe this. Amazing. This sub is rotting away, flies circling (and that's from someone who devoted *months* full time defending Assange in 2016)
I have but one upvote to give
This guy remits
YEAH WHY HAVE RULES AT ALL &lt;checks sub&gt; WTF sub am I in
What a cocksucker that cop is.
#TRUMP = THE SITUATION
Wait, it's 3 A.M.?? &lt;*reaches for phone*\&gt;
OK, but, wouldn't you agree that the two 737 MAX crashes over this issue constitute actualized harm?
OK. Then what do you think the pilots (obviously, those living) will argue? I'm NAL, so, genuinely curious
Thank you, I did some searching and couldn't find any photos or reviews, etc.
Up!
I'm imagining Elliot - but actually it's worth the risk, he's got great fundamentals
GENIUS
&gt;Someone wrote “Your ideology will be shredded to pieces, just moments before you got executed for treason…you are living lended time, enjoy till then”. There were plenty more threats like this. I’ve never been so fearful. Then don't treason, cunt!
I DON'T KNOW WHO SENT ME, BUT, HERE I AM
You jerk - have an upvote and get outta here!
Thank you so much. Hmm, what would you think? Me, personally, I don't want a wide tablet in my phone.
\*Cunt to commercial!
Off her Twitter
Special trailer?
Hardware exploits, though. You need to sanitize the entire device
Ahoy!
Jesus, what a buffoon
Do you want it to look like a security cam? I have a Uniden that runs on C batteries. Just charge them when you're out. Send to WiFi router where I store the images on a solid state pc (low power consumption)
Trump reverses him
Oh! Thank you, I missed that news
Same bullshit—planted evidence—happened with GreatAwakening
I'm a hardcore meme maker, I have four accounts with 120k+ OC karma, and 7/10 of my top EVER postss are in the past week. SO MANY EYES. WE ARE DESTROYING THEM
It's a real pleasure to see you here. Thanks for the good comment. Yeah, I'm Canadian (single payer, hate the Bronfmans), but, THIS is where it's happening. And where it HAS to happen. Trump is everyone's last hope.
Welcome. Lots of us here. I'm Canadian.
Awsome, great to see enthusiasm breaking! It's been quite a road for everyone!
Relay is good too
First part, correct. Second part, you don't lift. I don't tweet pics of what I eat. I win on Twitter the same way I have 130k post OC karma here on T_D. And it's because I'm THAT effective that Twitter blocks us.
I made this meme Fun times
I like you
Christ. HATE CRIME
What an absolute and utter faggot
LOL - this logic is tight
Hahaha losers
MSM = utter losers
This is awesome
#Haaaaaay
LOL, hypocrites
You're drunk, Hillary!
Other than a million dollar bribe
[https://mobile.twitter.com/fathrdeath/status/1212907282352070656](https://mobile.twitter.com/fathrdeath/status/1212907282352070656) EDIT: Confirmed [https://mobile.twitter.com/IntelDoge/status/1212911399518773248](https://mobile.twitter.com/IntelDoge/status/1212911399518773248)
I put up a meme about that but it got removed. It was a bit too edgy, maybe!
Yeah, no. This is a surgical strike.
They should have done nothing and kept on just throwing all their arms and legs away thanks to Iranian IEDs.
Was shipping $1.5B to Iran, which made its way to terror groups leadership?
So is thinking that anyone else but the USA can help
With what leverage, exactly
Doesn't change the fact that those risks were directly exacerbated by cash Obama sent to Iraq
*was
Here. Have a Hellfire and STFU. We don't work for you. Edit, and change your tag, loser.
Great job, what a bucket list thing
McCabe has NOT skated
Ack - on it
THIS
#Buzzsaw.
Finally, an actual mic drop
Kek - nice to see some creativity, OP, love it
Savage, OP
B-B-B-B-Bye
He should have been eating bacon!
100% agree. Use your enemies.
There is no pressure when YOU make the decisions, and stand by them.
#Uh, Israel, maybe, like they've been saying?
Generally speaking
He was Vice President, duh, so that means, like, he's basically 90% qualified to be President, so, if we elect them, he'll get right up to speed really quick! And plus, he'll only do one term, which is very honest of him.
Yeah, and, it was still hilarious, the first TWENTY TIMES I downvoted it See my post karma... I know OC when I see it, and fuckwits cashing in really get fucking old. Master your tools. Be creative. And make shit that gets actual votes, you low-effort rehab.
Holy shit, you know absolutely jack shit about his career. His movies are amazing and unique and his masterpiece has yet to make a dime
[Pic 1 - can anyone read this Arabic?](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ENhwXRmUEAA6K3f.jpg) [Pic 2 - pillar](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ENhwYSTXYAAq0Lv.jpg) [Pic 3 - parking lot](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ENhwZU4U4AA20B4.jpg)
GOOD LUCK!
Interesting. Obviously, that shines no light on the subject :D
This is so retarded, it's not even funny. Trump has fired over 8,000 people at the VA since taking office
Trump removed someone who's responsible for over 600 plus direct us casualties, plus thousands maimed with IEDs. The entire Middle East is dancing in the streets because this guy died, but, you go right ahead
The air would have been most of the time -40C
*Bush* pilot?
That's not who Trump represents. If you don't see the MIC completely freaking out over Trump, then you might just want to walk to the edge of your flat Earth and keep on walking.
I like you. You're right.
Except for the secret ones....
You are thinking U238. The enriched version, U235, is occasionally detected, but these detections are attributed to past atmospheric testing. It is NOT a naturally-occurring molecule, and, when detected, it is NEVER at these concentrations and altitudes.
If you can tell me what precisely constitutes a reputable source in this kind of instance, I'm all ears. This is where I got this. https://twitter.com/BarzanSadiq/status/1213931814039015427?s=19
Odd—that's not what Obama did. Obama pretty much destroyed the military. They don't want *hardware*, they want America destroyed from within. The MIC serves the elites, but, the elites intention was to move the MIC over to China, hence why Comey, while on the board of directors at Lockheed Martin, supervised the transfer of American stealth tech to China. Did you miss the nearly exact copy of the F-35 they built? This isn't about the US military. This is about destroying the Bill of Rights.
No, my argument is that I can seize their assets because THEY are a bully and I can. Yes, the USA has a bad record. No argument there. But the Elites in the USA control Iran. Their goal is to destroy the Bill of Rights. Uh, of course I know about the CIA thing, dude. I'm paying 24/7 attention to this. The dark money and incompetence were sloshing around like crazy. The regime in Iraq is Iranian. Trump is changing that back to Iraqi—does that qualify as 'regime change' to you?
People that spend 100% of their time on the Internet and never crack books might think so
OK, bro. I'll let you move on without having explained why some of your 0.72% 235 is hanging around 45,000 feet over Alaska
Where I got it https://mobile.twitter.com/HamfistHarold/status/1214357999382335488
https://mobile.twitter.com/HamfistHarold/status/1214357999382335488
Legit question... What are your options?
We'll let him in for $1.7B in cash
#GASP - HE STAYED AT A HOTEL??? OMG
I didn't know that you had to be in NATO to be in the UN
This. If you use Reflectix, especially under a mattress, be sure to 1) elevate it with gardening matting and 2).score it with a knife or hole punch. If it can't breathe, it will attract black mold, which can be very dangerous.
This is upvoted, but, what does this mean? Anyone, thx
Are you asking OP? I think you ask a very interesting question
My favourite was the "in memoriam" joke (the list not being diverse enough)
&gt;just voted to expel us. You misspelled "non-binding resolution" held at Iranian gunpoint &gt;We'll never see a formal declaration of war. See: US Constitution, Article II. [Has it become too elastic](https://twitter.com/jacklgoldsmith/status/1213080726318583810)? We don't recall you complaining when Obama conducted 2800+ "Congressionally unauthorized" drone strikes. If that makes me a pedant, then, every single thing about this is pedantic. You were silent. You left the nuclear option open. You drove an absolute HERD of elephants through this hole—not to mention 22,000 bombs dropped, all without a word—and now you want to sew this door shut? No way, bud. We're not going to war. We're sending those missiles up YOUR ass. Trump is pleasing the audiences that matter—the Iraqis and the Syrians. I'm more than comfortable eating the sweets and screen-shotting all the puctures of "THANK YOU, PRESIDENT TRUMP!" we see from the displaced Iraqis in their tent cities, thanks. This isn't the end of the world. Just yours. And I think I'm going to join in their dancing.
OMG, you kids. I'm 51, I'm really happy I got an explanation. What a great comment, ahaha.
As would anyone, considering.
Because it's full of pretend—pretending that the "get out" resolution came from a functioning parliament. Iraq is currently a failed state under the thumb of Iran. Anyone that denies that is \*deliberately\* trying to live in a world of denial.
What if this is actually his first language and Twitter has been translating him into English all along?
Cold. It's snowing. I'm Canadian, bruh. Social programs. Single payer healthcare. If you legit think this, you're in a lot of trouble, because Trump's base is full of guys like US. I was a block away from 9/11. Lost everything. It's why I do what I do. You're losing. Badly. Like I said. That's EXACTLY why I do what I do.
No, he will commit suicide the weekend before the arrests. Open your eyes—the DNC is a machine, not a party. Biden has literally no money and is only campaigning to stay out of prison for what is going to be revealed in Ukraine. Obama has said publicly that he would step in to prevent a Bernie candidacy. I swear I don't mean this in that "Reddit internet fight" BS, but, pay attention. They're telling you exactly what they plan to do.
Obama was a plant by the Muslim Brotherhood, and a traitor. A total manchurian candidate, aligned with Iran and the Saudis. That is who Trump is at war with.
Houston gonna Houston
https://i.imgur.com/kv40pSO.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/kv40pSO.jpg
ALL these organizations run at heavy losses. I worked at one of these three-letter agencies. Making it up is way easier than gathering and working actual news. AT&amp;T owns CNN... it would be better to ask.,.. what's it worth to them?
I'm OP, you make a really good point. One of the replies captured what I meant, but, INAL, so, I most definitely used the wrong term without thinking.
F
&gt; settled because they have the suits from Nunes, et al CNN settled because they have the suits from Nunes, et al
This is a brilliant idea. Let's get an actual woodchipper and use it to chip beef at his office windows (as a peaceful free speech protest, of course, not as a threat to him... it's a living meme, Admins)
That would be amazing. The one Edmonton has is so good, you get sucked into watching it while you're AT the game. Happened to me.
Is the Oiler's one visible from underneath, tho?
Odd. That still qualifies them for AntifA.
https://i.imgur.com/IujgdOM.jpg
Thanks OP
Yeah, because the alligators and swamp water ate everything. Ironic you pick that... I was dating a ValuJet stewardess at the time (unrelated obviously)
The shit storm is upon us
Which is why CNN settled.
Reza just deleted his tweet TODAY
#These people are sick.
I would support this actually
OP, may I please repost this tomorrow am? Or, you should post this at 4AM EST! That is the best time ... THIS IS HUUUGELY GREAT let me know
Go to the site thread-reader-app dot com (remove dashes) and ask "What is QAnon"
LMAO, thank you
Ahahaha, sorry, I can't apologize for EVERYTHING
Do you want some Watchtower pamphlets? You DO know that something is "true" if it's true, whether *you* believe it or not, right? Wanna see the 'Spicer' (Probosiec) Discord logs you're talking about? I have them right here with me... except, you don't, right? That would be SCARW-EYYY... But it's still a LARP, right? We don't need you on this bus anymore, dude. I helped build GA to 330,000 subs before it got banned. We own Twitter now. We don't need you. Have a Coke and a smile and get on with your weaksauce day.
# ALERT THE NEW YORK TIMES!!!
Do you love Jesus? You really ought to look into that.
Got a link to that there debunking, bud? Because, I was one of Q's mods, here, and I seem somehow to have missed it.
Fuck yeah, OP. Great job, this is what top posters need to be posting. W00t
LEEEEEL
They're not wrong!
Bookmarking this comment for later tonight. It's so relaxing to fall asleep to the sound of *crickets*.
We'll run into that eventuality somewhere around 2075
I was upvote 6666.... W00t
It got 2000+ upvotes in redacted
He's got it baaaaad
Same. Look up borderline personality disorder. Eerie
This is starting to look like a planned collaboration between Trump and Iran. Iran needed to remove Soleimani...he was standing in the way of negotiations, progression of the country. Trump agrees to take him out. Allows Iran to "retalliate" to save face. Iran cleans out Soleimani's people. Iran begins negotiations with the rest of the world. (not my comment)
WHOOSH - there it went
Post image address in all posts, pls?
Epic work by Branco
Trump also bought a property that Epstein was competing for as well
Depends on what systems are damaged. If the fuel tanks are not hit, the plane will not necessarily go down in the fireball. For instance, [a DHL plane in Iraq was hit my a MANPAD ](https://i.imgur.com/ptiBhVw.jpg), and landed safely. This was the damage.
Hey, now. I'm OP and I'm Canadian—please edit your comment so that it is in ALL CAPS.
Tell your dad that the meme army says HEY.
$RB just freed last night! W00t!
Describe? I make memes... Oh I get it
Not 100% of the middle east is a warzone. Tehran wasn't even a warzone, Bufus. Didja know that the distance from Baghdad to Tehran is approximately 700 kilometers? That's a 2h flight.
Goddamnit, OP. I wish I'd thought of this.
Thanks bud. Send private key 😎👌
W00t, damned straight, come visit Canada's most based province!
Durham, idiot
They went to a wedding. Jesus, these tards think they went to Yemen
It was Iran, not Yemen
It was a Ukrainian plane, rehab
Looks moar like anonymous sources from WaPo, Mr. Reading Comprehension
#DURHAM, MOTHERF*CKERS
We should grab a pint. I've never met a Canadian pede yet
Yeah. What sources
They won't exist. The next five years will be telling
[Justice is coming ](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/emtu06/huber_and_sessions_are_deep_state_covering_for/)
Stay in school! Should have stayed longer
It's a dig on Schiff's 9" neck
What other option to they have?
It's not human analysis that makes that decision. Often, it's 1970s Soviet hardware
*&lt;Libs cheer&gt;*
Her name is Miley Green. Or is it Greeny Mile? I forget
[THIS](https://i.imgur.com/ZjBcmy2.jpg) is the inside of the M1 system that fired the missile. You know how it works? It has decent software but it identifies military targets. It doesn't have "target discrimination" capabilities between military and civilian equipment. It assumes that , when active, it is operated under war ROE, and feeds its operator information based on those assumptions. I'm not a troll... I just don't have the time to explain these things to children.
Too bad he wasn't gay
[THIS](https://i.imgur.com/McYk7F2.jpg) is why I couldn't upvote it
Because someone has to have the class to do so.
Mcdavid is McMazing, doe
QWOP
We're buying the UK once the Greenland deal is complete
[Kek](https://i.imgur.com/EDDdTet.jpg)
💯
Go to bed, Lindsey, you're drunk! Edit - I'm joking about what he said during the Kavanaugh hearings - GOD I HOPE Y'ALL NEVER GET POWER
I guess Oregon
Mind if I ask a bit of background about how you know so much? Experts fascinate me.
GET IN LINE! haha
[Hmm let's see...](https://i.imgur.com/07xH0kz.png)
Yes
I like you. Please subscribe to my threads
LOL, hi, friend :-) / We are having SOOOOO much fun !
Ha yup
Great meme
It doesn't sexualize the kid
God, I'm terrible at proofreading
Jeez. These idiots are about to find out just how small there little archipelago is.
Kek - tomorrow's meme
What does heads up mean in this context? I think you are right. I should have made it a 7 and at 2
Any post with his name sits there at one of those with zero activity, forever
Robert Paulson
Canada?
That's why I always post very early in the morning. I honestly believe that what they are doing is Emmanuel process Color Run by kinds of blue hairs in cubicles.
Maybe her teenager has been doing burnouts? . (ahahaha, OK whose head did I make explode 😁😭) Edit: OK, I thought that was a good joke, maybe I was wrong
Hahaha SAVAGE
We protect ours
I'm sorry, what language? I'm not trying to be belligerent. I tried to go to The Exchange from inside the crypto.Com app. Nowhere did I see any of these options. Trying to register and input my birthdate required me to press the back button through the months literally 300 times in order to get to my birthday. Perhaps it was my fault for trying to do this on my phone from inside the app? I was able to successfully register by doing this in Chrome on my desktop. Thank you.
OP here, would you mind if I disagree with you? We are extremely, extremely proud of our Latino unemployment numbers for one reason: until now, the Latinos and other groups have been used like a football from the Democrats to make empty promises to and do nothing while the former, Old Guard GOP was sucking up to the ultra-rich. Rhinos like Romney 20 years ago were normal and found all over the GOP. Trump has turned that upside down. What we are actually trying to do is absorb you and all these groups into the party and treat you like 100% normal. We want the prosperity that Trump is trying to create should apply to you and every other group and eventually we would like to just stop dividing everyone from each other and be one people, one Movement, Like Trump says. I think that describing Trump's lion party base has being mainly whites is itself a misnomer. We are now no longer classified by race, but by whether or not you work. If you have a job, you are a republican, now. If you want opportunity, and want to see everyone in America win, that makes you a Republican.
And yet a lifetime to master.
You can see the camera for yourself at the museum in Oregon
Thank you. I was able to get to it through the app, however... if there's a way to disable that, it might avoid confusion in the future. Cheers.
#one of us!
No.
I'm fucking making that right now
Heyoo!
That's how he got up!
Anderson and Markstrom are my fave other goalies
Tight. No Kipper? My jerseys - Tkachuk, Gaudreau, Kiprusoff, Brathwaite, Fleury
If r/hockey is the hockey world, then I'm happy living in the Flames world, that's for sure
I have that album, I think... Was it by LHU! LHU!?
Good crop 🌾 this morning, my man. Haha, my keyboard 🎹 randomly started suggesting emoticons for words all the time ⌚. I give it another 30 years, tops, before we're all speaking hieroglyphics.
Montana?
True, but, he didn't buy it with his own money. He bought it with money belonging to his paraplegic client
*sigh
It pisses me off you're downvoted. Sure, the engine stopping and the fact that he has ONE chance to get it right is kinda urgent, but, basically, you're right. Reddit is so packed with dicks now that I sort by controversial 100 of the time, now. EDIT: Aaaaaaand, case in point
ELI5? Edit - nevermind, holy crap
Woooh, lucky none of the guys caught anything (fingers crossed)
Hey Dems - KTHXBAI
I love this stuff... I like creative stuff like this
He lives in Ukraine right now, but, you're right
Yeah, but these guys don't have a stopped engine. Training. Everyone's right!
What's a spoon engine?
Sad. Sarah was in one of my all time favourite movies
This assumes there would be justice on the other side
That's idiotic, IMO. It just takes one coward with a knife
I'm, I'm Canadian, and, we have tons of personality. Problem is, this guy is hanging with Clinton Foundation cronies. So, he's pretty much screwed.
❤️
I heard it in that voice
Link crashes for me on mobile
Hero McHeroface?
That day, LEGIT, will not just eclipse the birth of my triplets, but my own birth—I literally want nothing more than to see her crimes exposed. I quit my job to meme/post/research full time to see her go down
Never leave it in your truck, obviously!
Haha - never thought of the head as an 'appendage'
That plane wasn't ETOPS, I don't think
I agree. Just going by what the CEO of Lockheed Martin said, in his own words.
I know. I did have problems but Opera Mini worked for me.
ETOPS also mandates rafts mid plane to allow for entire capacity. Exits mid plane do not have slides. I was just guessing that this incident happened mid plane, tho. The rafts are stored on the ceiling, mid plane, in ETOPS aircraft. This didn't look like a slide blow, since those aren't usually coloured. Source: was trainer at airline
Oh, you, Reddit
I think that would be awesome to fire. I love heavy guns.
SEIZE THE MEANS OF VOLCANIZATION
#LEL
Dammit, haha, I'm supposed to notice this stuff
None of them do!
Stop "spinning" yourself as black, just because you have higher melanin than a REAL black person /s
Heat loss is also a factor. The amount of blood flow doesn't cause the body's core to lose heat as quickly. Pouring water under your arms, however, which get lots of Sensation from rubbing when you walk and we're closed, would cause you to feel extremely sensitive and extremely cold, mainly because these areas potentially expose the core to losing lots of heat.
In a way, it wasn't wasted, but, I'm with you. I'm tired of cute explanations like that.
But 30 Helens agree!
UNFAIR!
He didn't say "It'S oKaY tO dRuNk DrIvE bEcAuSe"—he's saying that transit sucks and that, as a system, if it were better, there would be less drunk driving over all. Fine and great if you don't DUI, great. I like a drink now and then and have never had a DUI. But do I think better transit would reduce the problem? Absolutely. I'm not the one jumping to conclusions. You are. Use all caps next time. Might as well.
I agree. And the book should be thrown at this bitch for it. Doesn't change the fact that better transit would reduce the instances of drunk driving.
NO. BLOCKCHAIN.
Hello darkness my old friend
I have a Twitter bookmark file called COMEDY GOLD and this faggot is #2 near the top.
Strings cut.
Deeeeeelicious
Yes, but Canada sure as hell is! Please let him fix us the way he did the UK? KTHX.
Kek
Those are the Shoemaker-Levy impacts at the bottom 😎
T-2020
We WANT witnesses, you Nimrods
Has it been two hours? I better repost this
Eric Schmidt
This is almost as hilarious as the last twelve times it was posted today
He literally sacrificed his son
For you to believe this, you have to believe that Trump doesn't know how to hire and doesn't know exactly what he's getting in broken. You have to believe the Trump is an idiot. Same with Sessions.
THINK OF TEH CHILDREN
You mean like what the Bidens and Clintons did to Ukraine?
Twitter. Don't laugh. Here, watch. Go to this site and put in whatever you want to follow and read: Thread reader app dot commm I'm not joking Twitter was built to manipulate public opinion how are you at it's become infested with actual journalists doing actual research and lifting. It is absolutely amazing and wonderful watching the Deep state before I stood on their own petard, to be destroyed by their own tools
Hey hey bud! I also support him on Subscribestar. He is the BEST
WHEN does it become mathematically impossible, right?!?
They're photos, rehab. Top is from CNN, bottom is from AP
Maybe HIS dick could be bitten off
It was a message (a Deep State threat) to Trump's Chief of White House counsel.
It's not like he had the long change, either! It was a home game, Wardo!
This happened, I absolutely know it
Kek, excellent meme work
We WANT witnesses, you stupid fucks
OK. I don't mean to be a jerk—but, do you know who Michael Hastings is? Or, rather... was. This CIA capability was revealed in the Wikileaks Vault 7 documents
OpSec. Deniability. Think this through—no way would they risk a wet, "hot" operator to send such a message. Even if their goal is to just scare someone, there's no "it was just an accident" deniability in the operations you're suggesting. Such an operation leaves evidence... caliber bullet, traceability to a gun, cell location data, surveillance camera data, eye witnesses. Such an operation would run serious risks that a serious investigator could run it down. But crashing a victim's car by satellite or from a van following behind? The trail has gone cold before the local sheriff realizes it's time to make a different kind of phone call to a far more sophisticated, Federal-level type of accident investigations team. It's reached the point with this accident where anyone that seriously follows this (I do this 24/7, check my post karma) feels it's reached absolutely "undeniable" level This actually shows just how desperate and pushed to the wall the deep state has become PS it's not just Michael Hastings... the Awan brother died in a "Tesla" accident. Don't just go by what you "feel" makes sense to you. I remember when I was watching how X-rays work (I'm old) be explained to my grandfather, who was born in the 1880s. Took a while not just to convince him it was real, but to get him over that hump of "personal incredulity" (the most insidious of the logical fallacies).
#[HAVE A SEAT.](https://i.imgur.com/HR73n1U.jpg) ANY OF YOU SEEN EVEN ONE LINE FROM BOLTON'S BOOK? NO? IT WAS A HONEYPOT, YOU RETARDS
Did you make this? If so, bravo, it's great OC
I want him drinking nothing but Flint water
But it is about profit. Their fear mongering is big business. AT&amp;T makes yuge bucks off the security/surveillancestate.
Ahahahaha *breathes* ahahahah ahahah ahahaha ahaha
Oh, nice, I didn't know other companies made 1911s. I have smaller hands so I never look into them &amp;#x200B; [https://www.sigsauer.com/store/1911-select.html](https://www.sigsauer.com/store/1911-select.html)
[Thanks ](https://i.imgur.com/gKR34LY.jpg)
I'm going to the game! W00t. Have seen two BOAs in your barn... Epic building
He was going for a hit, but Mcdavid is so fast
They literally changed the RULES for drafting because of those tank fucking pussies
Mind your wallet on the escalators. Not joking
They thought he was dead
Before inauguration
I laughed the first 32 times this was posted, woo
ALL THIS FOR A DAMN FLAG
[Yeah, like waving American flags and carrying pro-Trump signs](https://i.imgur.com/yxxcqlw.jpg)
LOL, Vice is press, ahahaha
On my other set of earbuds (I forget what they were called) I bought some Bose silicone tips. Don't laugh, they "fit" OK and held it in my ears perfectly, even though they weren't the right brand.
And if you ARE wearing a mask and distancing, you're *still* an idiot. Same if you think the same mask you've been wearing for weeks is anything but an empty virtue signal. Yep. Totally normal that [random deliveries of bricks](https://i.imgur.com/Ob4wC7y.jpg) are showing up along the protest routes, hey?
Is *Shithawks* taken?
I have had it for a few weeks but have only ridden it a few times. I got it to put in my camper for when I'm out on the road. I CLOCKED my heel, needed stitches, and all my friends that rode it were like, whoa. LOL. Do you mind telling me your impressions of the 8X? What is the weight? Is it easy to carry and lug around or put her away? How does it do with rider Waite? Does it do well up hills? How is the suspension? I am super curious. The reason I'm asking all this is because I'm thinking that I might order one for my wife
Really? 33kg? Wow, that's kind of interesting because my 10x is supposedly somewhere around 36 kg. So that's not very much different. I feel like my 10x is about 5 ft long, and I will say that I learned the hard way that the turning radius is totally different than say a bicycle or a motorcycle, which in retrospect seems very obvious, but, yeah, all of the zero products are real Beast, aren't they? Enjoy your scooter!
LOL, [whatever, loser](https://twitter.com/JohnWHuber/status/1267581865516503040)
Normal people aren't reading the Kislyak transcript, friend. Sanctions? Not mentioned anywhere. Mueller lied. There will be consequences for this.
Totally agree. That's why your labels mean nothing. Fascist is as fascist *does*. We've already won. Five more years, if not more.
I'm 52 and retired, bud. Let's check in when you retire 130 years from now. Out of patience with low info, low IQ individuals that don't do their research. Try clicking that video in a browser. So, Mueller says the dog ate his homework. Okay. The evidence was totally there! By Trump got to it. Okay.
Yeesh! When are we getting our first furry president?
Unironically, the answer you're looking for is NEVER
Yeah, and when it doesn't, guess what we learn? Did you know that Japan didn't lock down at all and they had something like 89 deaths? It's the flu.
Well, you certainly need to run the data better... did you know that Floyd, your hero, did underground porn with trafficked women, once held a loaded gun at a pregnant woman's stomach while robbing their house in a home invasion while her one-year-old cried in the background, and had so much fentanyl in his system that he died of a heart attack? Your hero. He also worked at the same place as a security guard with the cop that arrested him. That counterfeit $20 bill? What exactly what went down that day comes out, everyone is going to feel pretty silly for showing up to this protest.
Thanks Karen
Did you know that Floyd, their hero, did underground porn with trafficked women, once held a loaded gun at a pregnant woman's stomach while robbing their house in a home invasion while her one-year-old cried in the background, and had so much fentanyl in his system that he died of a heart attack? Their hero. EDIT: hey, downvoters! Here's the [autopsy](https://media.thedonald.win/thedonald/post/N2PfwPNP.jpeg). And the charges? Here's the [police report](https://media.thedonald.win/thedonald/post/nmGBg0Tp.jpeg) Want to know more? Find out who you're REALLY carrying water for.
Did you know that Floyd, their hero, did underground porn with trafficked women, once held a loaded gun at a pregnant woman's stomach while robbing their house in a home invasion while her one-year-old cried in the background, and had so much fentanyl in his system that he died of a heart attack? Sickening EDIT: hey, downvoters! Here's the [autopsy](https://media.thedonald.win/thedonald/post/N2PfwPNP.jpeg). And the charges? Here's the [police report](https://media.thedonald.win/thedonald/post/nmGBg0Tp.jpeg) Want to know more? Find out who you're REALLY carrying water for.
Oh, sorry, I assumed that you had read and understood the issue you were out there protesting about. Here's the [autopsy](https://media.thedonald.win/thedonald/post/N2PfwPNP.jpeg) . And the charges? Here's the [police report](https://media.thedonald.win/thedonald/post/nmGBg0Tp.jpeg) Legitimate enough for you? Want to know more? I can do this all day (because I do). Find out who you're REALLY carrying water for, bud.
'Used drugs recently'? This wasn't a fun night out, bud. The full Floyd autopsy reveals his blood concentration of the powerful street opioid fentanyl was FOUR TIMES the level known to cause "fatalities." Floyd also had speed &amp; marijuana in system. First arresting officer on scene saw "foam" around mouth, asked if "on anything". Floyd said no, and proceeded to assault the officers. [Source](https://twitter.com/paulsperry_/status/1268579743399542785). Your comment makes you look desperate. Not a good look. But it's understandable, considering how easily your narrative falls apart under the least bit of scrutiny. I live in a facts-driven universe. Try it.
I was quoting the tweet, "LOL." Click a link once in a while. You are correct, fentanyl tolerance is a thing, but it doesn't change the mortality risk. Same tolerance factors apply to alcohol poisoning. Doesn't change the risk of death, which happens to be exactly what we're talking about. Purdue. Evil. You watched *The Pharmacist,* obviously. I did, too, and I'm livid. You noticed that the clinic, there, had police protection, which the documentary (or your little march) didn't address. I am so angry with that. Agree, no justification. But the BLM movement is not addressing the root causes like you think it is. The movement has been hijacked for other purposes, pure and simple. Did you happen to miss that pallets of bricks were mysteriously showing up along protest routes? Whoever the planners are, from the get-go, this was never intended to be a peaceful protest. And by falling for this fake narrative, you're playing into their hands, and giving them cover to continue. Period. This ends. Soon. Where things are the worst for the black community and minorities you will find DECADES of Liberal Democrats in positions of power. Progressive policies are what cause these problems. They are imploding right before your eyes.
No, zoom in. That's a tarp. He crouches as the missile barely misses
No, there are plenty of parts in that proper specification that have Springs, but you are correct, when I wanted to upgrade to an air shock, I couldn't find any in 140 or 145.
Which one in this pic crashed
Nevermind who MAKES the refugees... More! Import them in buses! Pay their airfare from shadowy NGOs! Break and destroy the social safety net that historically has benefitted.... Blacks? ...because black lives matter, right?
You think and argue well. Your reasoning is sound, but you feed it bullshit facts. No one on the anti quarantine protests were coughing on people deliberately or doing anything of the sort. But you need that to have happened to fit your reasoning, so, presto! Brand new facts! And into the machine it goes. Masks are purely symbolic in their function, and don't make me post the video from doctor. Faucci saying exactly that, nearly word for word. And don't also make me post video of everyone NOT in PPE and not practicing social distancing during the riots. That's absolute horseshit. This is the hypocrisy of the left. Make up your own facts, then easily fit into the question you framed until you get what you want. Also, since you don't like being assumed about, maybe you could not assume that I was in support of the anti quarantine marches. I'm a good Canadian and was staying home as part of my social contract, a contract whose parameters you seemed conveniently willing to redefine to suit your whims. And let's not even get into whether these bullshit marches in the first place do anything to change police versus black violence. What's your dashboard? Metrics? Let's measure results. Because you had eight years of Obama to figure this out and accomplished Jack squat. And, funny you have a problem with cop/black violence, but black on black violence. Is A-OK, have you noticed? The hypocracy on the left, on display for all to see.
Yeah, the bees and birds dying near 5G towers is totally BS
This is terrible—I'm not there to appreciate it! Haha, great work
No way you got your deposit
Metal. Good for you
[Bingo, NYC in a nutshell](https://i.imgur.com/FGZcn1I.jpg)
This is hardly government oppression
Fly by wire is life for both platforms
LOL ok
Translate... I don't speak WHO castreau bullshit PS expected nothing less, really
I'd sub
NO RAGERTS
Ahahah post upvotes are at 45
And the number two problem is that there is no viable Democratic candidate.
I heard it's a cow-tipping point now
CORRECTION: The hit was actually put out by the Confederate History Protection Society, not Trump. Something something about a statue? Carry on (and duck next time).
What are you talking about? Who cares? It's a self-cleaning oven. You'll all starve and go back to mommy and the city will reabsorb you and you can take whatever donations that by some chance didn't go directly to Hillary Clinton and make a plaque that you can post inside some Amazon Whole Foods somewhere to commemorate that one time you almost sorta kinda came close to doing something. No tanks needed. The military is watching you on Reddit and just basically laughing while you deploy a miniaturized version of a functioning country—sensible borders, walls, and voting. Good work!
Lost what plot? It's the same boring 'Animal Farm' plot as always
What, this isn't what's happening? How is this propaganda?
Cool
Mm-hmm, suuuuure, maybe on your planet, "LOL" It's always 2016 in Seattle, hey
I would love to see this view but there's no way in hell its worth learning all that calculus
Get fkd, Communists
It's not age as much as mileage
I like you. Came in here to say this. Anyone that thinks this encourages homelessness, no way. You need good food to pull yourself up! Appreciate this positive sentiment.
Congrats. Welcome, citizen, proud of you and cheering for ya.
Like a boss, etc etc
Haha you can still explain how you got there
Lame The left can't meme
Spectacular. Well done.
Wanna have some fun? Research and find out what Tolstoy's original last name was, then run that name down. Hours and hours of fun
So peaceful
Bedbug allies, *please*
Look up the movie Fast Runner
Is there a place where you can try this out
Oh, that kind of sounds like a supercilious answer except, it makes sense. What you're saying is that it varies based on the needs of the client, it's not always the same. Okay, I get that. Question, if you don't mind, in a typical shift or something, how many would you refill? Wait a minute, you might do feel different aircraft then. I'm trying to work this out! Haha. Another question, do you ever have to sleep on the plane when your shift is over? How long are you up in the air, multiple days, or just a few hours going up to refill one specific plane?
Woooo, SO pretty! Thanks for sharing
Sorry for your loss... Addiction steals a person's soul
I thought from the comments it's was Vietnam
Was it loaded or landed on the trailer
[The statue that fell](https://media.thedonald.win/thedonald/post/4noMi5dn.jpeg)
As I understand it, Starlink uses a flat, directional, pizza box transmitter, tho. I'm not sure normal detection methods would be very good or economical.
Title of the decade, LOL What, I meant it, it's great
Remember, these are got only have these designations when whatever suitable VIP is actually on board.
This is not the same shaft from in your link. This is a larger shaft they go straight down perhaps four to six stories into the ground
Ahhhh yes, it's great to hear from the silent majority! Hello, here is my reality protocol. You ok with actual science? Then we can be friends, haha The world is about to change. And hopefully it's moving [away from this](https://media.thedonald.win/thedonald/post/xFZ2QjTq.jpeg).
Canada?
What does that have to do with tourists from the States
Libtards: well, get out, anyway ----------&gt;
That's MY sub and has no subscribers, idiot. I post there to get imgur links when the DDoS attacks get too strong for Thedonald.win. Once again, you're dumb. Holy, mother of God. Typical low-info retardation from the cancel culture pussies like you. THIS is why you lose. You don't deserve your place on this stage, and you will be evicted shortly. Your hands will be permanently removed from the levers of power for the next sixty years, thanks to people like me. It's already over. You live in my reality, now.
I had no idea we had so man that SJW mechanics. Is it hard to wrench in panties and stockings? I guess critical thinking is the new 10mm
Sorry, we don't believe all women anymore... Didn't you hear? The "all" was a right-wing plot
Spare me the low-info, know-nothing TDS, don't you have TikTok videos to make?
Oh, no, /u/FartsWithAnAccent called me an idiot, how *ever* shall I recover
Move along, tiger
It was a joke mate, some people got it, and tards were triggered. 10/10
I believe it—losers usually have all day. Me, can't, gotta go, got lifting to do.
Wow, that's impressive. I thought it was your sixth
TIL Kraken are like cats
Maybe dumb question but, if you want to go from an 18 to a 28, do you have to remove the 8? Or would it look lopsided
Anti-virus operations?
Oh, did they? Rats. This vid brought a tear to my eye, but that info officially makes me sad
Shitpost
Hmm, not much of an upgrade.... In terms of how gorgeous their planes look, haha. And more expensive to maintain. But the F-35 can do the work of 100 phantoms, I bet!
I waited until today to ask you why Hope you're feeling better today
Then ditch the 230 protections, you mop
