Nox works currently
Not new, just chance.
A MLB HNS only gives +2 stockings, so keep it seperate at least until the event is over.
Yup, it's the grand prize for the 5th lottery box so just keep getting those stockings.
Sadly yes, you'll have to wait til next year to get her materials back. Be thankful you didn't do it to a welfare that isn't returning like Santa Alter.
He'll come around with the final singularity, at the end of the month, so around 3 weeks or so.
[Here's](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/fategrandorder/images/3/31/SalomonGuideMap.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/700?cb=20161223090558) the map of the final singularity drops
Keep them as is, with one MLB and one extra, it's only +3 as opposed to +5
The 30sq is for completing Babylonia before the final Singularity comes out, we'll get an announcement closer to when that comes out.
He'll arrive with the final singularity, we still have the second Babylonia banner to go so it'll still be a few weeks until then.
Works fine on Nox
After. Next week should have Babylon 2 banner and the following week should have Solomon.
&gt;!Top option, come to an understanding or something similar!&lt;
There's the possibility of 30 quartz for beating Babylonia before the final singularity in a couple weeks, no incentive for doing it ASAP so you have some time to do it.
You need to have completed the Babylonia story by the time the final singularity drops. You have a little under 2 weeks, next week should be the Babylonia 2 banner and the following week will likely be the last singularity so complete Babylonia by then for the quartz.
The Assassin node will drop hearts
Quetz's banner is the second Babylonia banner, we should be getting it next week, maybe the 12th.
You have 3 options. First is to just buy the prime access while it's available. Second is to farm void relics and get the blueprints and build it. The last option is to buy the blueprints off of other players. You can't directly buy a prime with platinum, either you buy prime access or you build it with parts you either opened a relic for or traded for.
The "7 questions" mostly changes the mobs you fight, which could make the fights harder or easier, with the last one affecting mainly the HP of the final boss of that chapter.
Which one? The &gt;!duplicating Ushi? Take out the first one that spawns and more won't come spawn!&lt;
That's happening in JP, welfare for the new Christmas this year.
There will be the Solomon raids coming real soon, but you'll have to be fast as many people grinding for pages. After that the next time pages are in the shop will be the prison tower rerun followed by valentines.
The pillar is an assassin so prepare your casters.
By the time the final singularity comes out, which should be sometime next week.
I'd assume we wouldn't get anything from Solomon, and the anime will end on a cliffhanger.
The overall fights are tougher, there are enemies that strip your buffs. However, the few gimmicks aren't as bad. I'd say overall Babylonia isn't that much harder than Camelot, but still tough. There's 2 instances where your choices matter, one makes a boss tougher. Then there's an entire chapter of choices that affects which mobs you'll fight, with one last option affecting boss health.
Likely sometime next week.
The story itself is untouched, it plays the same as the original. With the shops and banners, there may be some alterations. Most of the time banners feature the same servants, but sometimes add new ones related to the event to the banners. If the original run had a lottery, the rerun probably has limited boxes.
Unless I feel like I need to use a NP to win the fight, I'll typically save my CS for a full team revive. I had to use 2 NP charges and a healing CS to get through Babylonia.
22 Sections, though 2 of them have no combat.
Mainly burning 4\* or 5\* servants. There will be a free Rare Prism for redoing the challenge quest for the Medb outfit if you get it during the first run and more free ones for regetting a welfare servant but both of those are a ways off so in the mean time you'll have to burn servants for them.
There is some slight variance, like with the Thanksgiving banner we recently had, but for the most part it's fairly accurate. Many good servants come out in quick succession.
Next Lottery is Nerofest, around September again, no event is as generous as a lottery one.
Just recently, JP implemented a system where if you get a second copy of ta welfare, you recieve a rare prism along side it, was implemented with the Altera Santa rerun. I'm aware burning welfares only gives mana prisms.
It's not announced yet, but you need to have Babylonia cleared by the 20th when the final singularity releases if they do give us the SQ
Taunting makes an enemy target the taunting servant. Say you are doing an Exp daily, and you use Mash's taunt skill, for that turn all the hands will attack Mash instead of any of your other servants.
The 20th
In JP, about how long did Flauros (lancer) last?
Final singularity awards 7 tickets total and no quartz.
The final singularity will have a bunch of raids, akin to Rashomon, Onigashima, or Prisma Codes if you were around for any of those. Each raid will drop a series of materials, and that one has the most sought after rewards like pages, hearts, and I think gears. Unlike Rashomon and Onigashima, once a raid's Global HP is depleted, the raid boss can no longer be fought so there will be a ton of people going after the best raid bosses and they will drop rather quickly.
I'll throw a few quartz and some tickets at him, but I'm not going to worry about it too much.
Lucky Zamorak Godsword, no complaints.
Free quests open up after you clear the story, &gt;!Map changes during story so nodes wouldn't be available!&lt;
They have the Daemon trait, but not the Demonic Trait so Raikou's Mystic Killer won't work on them.
Not sure where the chart is, but you can just look up when a servant was released in JP to get an estimate of when it'd appear in NA. Sherlock was released with the second anniversary so he'll arrive around late July next year. Also Help Thread
Ishtar and Merlin are limited servants and will not be included. The upcoming GSSR will only include story locked and permanent servants, so Quetz will be available but not Merlin or Ishtar.
NA: Eresh is coming out with next year's Christmas Event JP: No one knows
Medusa Lily isn't story locked, the Babylonian Servants that are story locked are Quetz, Gorgon, and Jaguar Warrior. Pretty much the servants in the first banner are permanent and the ones in the second are story locked.
Story progress only affects the story banner, any servant that is on a Rate Up banner can be rolled regardless of progress.
You get the quartz when the final singularity drops
There are no welfare ST lancers, in fact Janta is the only welfare lancer. There is the free Jaguar Warrior you get from clearing Babylonia but not sure how she'd stack against a NP4 Medusa Lily.
He'll be in the second Shinjuku banner, which should drop around late February-early March next year.
Events and bonding with lower rarity servants, only ways really.
I'd try to get some archers leveled for the second half, and some lancers prepared for the first half.
Robin Hood should be helpful, You'll be facing several high HP sabers, and they are usually alone so just a decently leveled Robin should be fine if you can keep him alive. If nothing else bring a support if you feel he isn't good enough.
Take out the first one as fast as you can, that's the only one that can make duplicates
[Well there's this one](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qvxLU407QwiFaCvItqR16SqqAVlLD5u5nBzY_bCFYvs/edit#gid=1010136552) and I've seen another one somewhere
There's the Nobu rerun, Chacha, BB, Rider Kintoki, Summer Scathach rerun, Rider Ishtar, Brive Liz rerun, Mecha Eli/Mk II, Janta rerun, then Atlera Santa. Edit: and Paul Bunyan Not sure of all of their uses.
Umbra scarf still hides earpieces
You can revisit the scenes by going to My Room, no need to find a walkthrough really
1. The christmas event was a type called a Lottery event, the next one is next Nerofest around September. 2. I'd say Jack has more utility as a great star generator and an Anti-female unit. First Hassan is a limited Servant 3. Jalter's next and latest rate up banner is the 2020 Da Vinci rerun. That being said starting from the 2nd Anniversary limited servants are included in the GSSR so starting from there you'll have a chance at her. 4. Can't say a whole lot, but outside of waifu reasons Musashi is a ST saber while all the sabers in the GSSR will be AOE sabers so that's something to consider.
There are a few things that can happen when you pull a 4 or 5 star servant. There can be gold sparkles around the spinning orbs. There can be rainbow sparkles if you pull a 5\*. The card can act normally and then change from silver to gold with a lightnig effect. All of these are random, or you could just get a straight gold card after the flash.
Each pillar will remain farmable so long as it's global HP bar remains, once it runs out there will be one last fight against it then you will no longer able to fight that pillar. 6 of the pillars will be available at the start, with the saber pillar coming later.
There's never sales on SQ.
Yes, the raid aspect will be locked behind completion of Babylonia, miss it and you fight the pilllars only once. Not sure how quickly they will go down, but the earlier you can fight them the better.
obligatory grail for love
Prison Tower rerun expected late January-early February next year.
Her next banner, as well as her latest in JP, will be the Da Vinci rerun in 2020. Outside of that she'll be apart of the GSSR staring with the second anniversary. Those are the only opportunities for her as of now.
The 10 mil milestone banner had Merlin along with Salter and Lalter on rate up.
Chapter 21 has 6 nodes, so you're almost there. After that is just story and you are done.
You get the SQ when Solomon drops, so no
General Consensus is save for waifus, if you like a servant save for their banner. If your looking for a servant for utility, the Merlin Banner coming after upcoming maintenance is one of the best supports.
There's no real difference when going for servants, multis will net you a bit more 4\* CEs and doing singles will let you stop early and conserve SQ if you get lucky.
Depends on what resources you need
Hearts, Pages, Homunc babies, and gears are all desirable drops that people need and Barbatos drops them all
All the pillars drop various different materials, Barbatos drops Hearts, Pages, Babies, and Gears which are valuable.
There will be an event around April-May that requires Solomon, but nothing before that. That said, there is the raids going on you can miss and you get a grail for finishing Solomon.
You set the password when you issue a Transfer Number. If you forgot or lost it, reissue a transfer number.
The raids currently going on are temporary, so if you miss out on them you can't grind the pillars. Other than that, not until April-May where an event requires it.
Yes it's random
&gt;or at least Barbatos, haven't gone to any others yet but I assume it is the same Every pillar has a little story bit before you can fight them
There's never a rate up so you have to deal with a gigantic pool of servants that keeps expanding, so the chance of pulling any specific servant is very low. You are better off waiting for a Rate Up banner for your servants, there are several banners where story locked servants are on rate up.
New Years
It's possible to reroll for a 5\* such as Merlin, but you'd need to keep grinding the tutorial missions to get SQ to do a roll, and rerolling for a 5\* can be maddening.
Late September - Early October with the 10m milestone equivalent banner, and yes
Every GSSR is one 10 pull
2 years
Ruler Jeanne or Cu Alter are good choices to solo the daily quests.
Jalter's next and latest rate up banner is the Da Vinci rerun, which won't happen until 2020. She'll also be apart of GSSRs staring from the second anniversary.
I've never heard of people getting banned, but there are times where they will patch the game so it breaks emulators for a time. If you don't have a phone to play it on, you may be locked out of the game if they break emulators until it gets resolved.
The 3rd Anniversary GSSR will have the best chance at him out of all the GSSRs, but it's a 1/9 chance of getting him.
Reruns are the same story wise as the original
The Solomon raids are limited, after a pillar reaches 2m kills it can no longer be farmed. Time is running out on a few pillars so if you need some of the resources they drop better start grinding them.
If we continue to follow JP with no suprise tickets, we'll have one ticket next year with the 10mil equivalent campaign and another ticket the next year. They really don't give them reliably but as of now it seems one a year.
She'll have some time as a solo rate up, then it gets shared with a different servant each day.
Rerun stories remain the same as the original
Saber: 3 waifus Archer: 1 waifu and two dudes. I'm picking Saber
The GSSR should be on or around New Years, meaning January 1 2019
Go to event filters and turn some off
The Saber GSSR will be a guaranteed Artoria, Mordred, or Altera.
The next ticket JP got was with the 10m milestone banner, which should happen around September. The ticket was for any story-locked or permanent 4\* servant, with a list of all of them [here](https://fategrandorder.fandom.com/wiki/10M_Downloads_Campaign#SR%20Servant)
I'm pulling Saber, not going to be disappointed no matter who I'd get as they are all waifus.
There's a few things you won't understand, but for the most part you can play just fine without reading or watching anything.
Cosmetic weapons have to match what style of weapon you are using, can't use a sword for a wand, etc. You can have a cosmetic set for all the weapon styles and hands at once, like 2h range, DW range, etc. Just activate whatever override you want.
40 ap ember and vault, 30 ap ember if you really need Mana Prisms. Training depends on what you need.
Progress only matters for the Story banner, any rate up banner or GSSR doesn't care how for you progressed, if they are in the GSSR or are rated up, you can roll for them.
GSSR is likely on the 1st.
Generally around 1000 or so, top place Predator is usually somewhere around 1300-1600 at the end of the events from my experience, so you'll need less to end in there. As a tip, just try to get into the highest league, and then go away for a while, just check back every few hours. There's no real need to get all the cups you need early, as long as you can maintain a high league, you should be able to get into the very bottom of the desired league on the last day of the tourney.
A heads up, if you want the T-Rex, you'll need to finish in Dominator League. Predator league only gives a legendary pack, which will give you 2 legendaries, but won't unlock them. You just need to be in Dominator when it ends, even place 100 will do. If you can get in there even once before the end, you should be able to get the T-Rex unlock, just stay in high Predator, then rush to Dominator on the final day. I tend to fight into Dominator, then check back maybe 3 or 4 times a day until the final day where I'll get back into Dominator then keep an eye out to make sure I don't drop out before it ends.
There's a blue link in the main post, it'll show you where the best spots to farm are at the time being. You can repeat Free Quests as often as you want to farm for materials, you just won't get any more quartz for it.
The first part of arc 1.5 should arrive around late February ~ early March, too early for an announcement.
Those servants are fine for now, you'll get more as you roll for servants later, you should also use the friend points summons when you can. Save your quartz for when there is a servant you like. Supports will carry you very far, but I would not wholly rely on them. In Chaldea Gate, there are ember gathering dailies, this is where you'll get most of your XP for leveling servants, do the highest you can. If you need a support for the 40 ap ember dailies, look for friends with Ruler Jeanne, she can solo the ember dailies. Try to level up a servant of every class, ideally you'll want one AoE and one Single Target servant levelled but for now focus on getting one of every class. Craft Essences can be freely equipped, swapped, and unequipped no problems. Just try to match what you think would best go on a servant as you can, like don't put a CE that enhances Buster on a Quick oriented servant, etc.
Some people save story for half-ap events, but personally I try to keep up-to-date. Do the Ember dailies when you need to level up your servants. Training grounds give you gems and pieces to ascend your servants and level up their skills, different AP gives differnt drops at different rates. Treasure Vault gives QP, you might not need to do it immediately but play enough and you'll always be in need of QP, always bring a support with a Mona Lisa CE if you can.
There won't be an event that needs more progress til around April~ish, so just try to complete Solomon before then. Other than that, feel free to pace yourself.
We pretty much follow the JP schedule 2 years behind so we have a good idea of what is to come. Gilgamesh should be in the New Years banner coming soon, then the Pre-CCC event around April. Jalter won't get another banner till 2020 with the Da Vinci rerun, but she'll be a part of GSSRs starting next year, so there is that.
Starting with the second anniversary, not the upcoming one mind you, limited servants like Jalter and Gil are included.
I'm guessing Balmung is Seigfried. Seigfried will have a duo rate up with Emiya with the Da Vinci rerun early next year, or you can use the free 4\* ticket around this September on him. Mordred won't get any really good banners for a while, there is the shared Valentines banner with Semiramis next year at best for a while, and a solo banner next April. Gilgamesh will be Thanksgiving or New years depending on the DW team. Saber will get her next banner with the 10m milestone banner around September, which also has the ticket. This is also the Merlin banner if you are after him.
I believe Serenity kisses Kingprotea's cheek if I remember correctly
Nerofest has a lottery where you spend currency to get prizes from a box of prizes which can be refilled endlessly. The more apples you have, the more you can farm nodes for the lottery currency. How many apples you use on the lottery depends on how long you can stand to farm.
They are daily, there's different missions like build 3 ships, get 15 victories, and clear any non-event hard mode stage IIRC. 1-1 on hard mode shouldn't be very difficult to clear.
Shop CEs only need mana prisms to get them initially. The rare prism is for putting an old CE back into the shop if you missed it or didn't get all the copies.
More servants with bonuses, more stuff in the shop, and a challenge quest. Other than those there's no real difference.
Friend point gacha is good to roll on as it uses a different currency that's much easier to get and has good servants, but is only 1-3\*s. Don't roll on the Story Banner, it is always up but never has a rate up so every servant of the same rarity always has equal chance. That leave us with the rate up banners. If you like one of the servants on it, roll on it. If none of the rate up servants appeal to you, save your quartz for a banner that has an appealing servant.
There will only be 60 more bones for the rest of the year in events, 30 from Onigashima and Summer rerun part 2. There will be bones in the Da Vinci rerun early next year if you really want to wait that long.
No event requires you to do the EoR chapters, not even starting part 2. There will be events requiring the lostbelts, but not EoR.
The latest progress we will be needing for a while is Babylonia for Christmas 3. Solomon will be needed for the lostbelts later on, which will eventually become necessary for events.
Expected around early August.
You can buy a claw from the event or grind for one on the Mountain Pass node. You don't pick servants in the GSSR, who you get is random. Depending on the GSSR, you can pick a class but not the Servant. The upcoming GSSR however is one giant pool of every 5\* released at the time besides Sherlock who will be released with it, You could get anyone, possibly even another Raikou, it's up to RNG to see who you get.
For archers, pretty much any 3\* one is great. Euryale is great anti-male, Robin's NP hits hard against poisoned targets, Billy is a critter, and Kogil is good too. Mordred doesn't get many good banners, her next best banner will likely be an Apocrypha banner around November, or next Valentines shared with Semiramis. The 4\* ticket won't be here til around September. You could try to push through Camelot and get Bedivere, he's a good saber option. Other than those you don't really have much options for Sabers beyond waiting for Ceaser and Fergus to pop up.
Brave Liz will probably come back around late September with the rerun. She's a ST while Salter is an AoE, so you should probably raise both. She's pretty good, barring her wonky 3rd skill.
Most of the currency comes from running the other nodes around the map, while the raids are mainly the damage ladder. We'll be getting the best farming nodes later, so don't worry.
All the Onis are males, and Euryale is very good anti-male. I've been reguarly hitting around 2m with her NP.
Line Ahead: Increases Firepower and Torpedo by 15%, but reduces Evasion by 10% (Applies only to Vanguard fleet) Double Line: Increases Evasion by 30%, but decreases Firepower and Torpedo by 5% (Applies only to Vanguard fleet) Diamond: Increases Anti-Air by 20% (no penalties, applies to entire fleet)
It's not an event but a story chapter, so likely got to clear Lostbelt 2 first
Yup, it's the next chapter of the story.
No, you just have to wait until we beat this raid and the next raid.
If you can't consistently do around 4.5m damage to 6m, go to 3m as it'll be more BP efficient.
I'm guessing Nappy is Napoleon? He comes out with the second Lostbelt next year. Yes Paul Bunyan will be coming this year around August-ish.
It's still a guaranteed SSR even if the pool is large.
You can buy the 25 pack, the 4 pack, and the 1 pack to save some money, but if that's still a big deal I'd skip it, food is more important than the GSSR
Yes, summer events are like the holiday events where the previous years event always runs before the new one so next year will have this years event rerun.
After Ushi Gozen goes down, all 3 onis will reappear for the remainder of the event to farm.
There's no reason to go around clearing all the quests unless you need the first clear bonus for some reason.
She needs to be in the fleet that takes on the boss and survive to get the double points. You can either bring her on other fights with repair kits and such to level her up, or just forget about her and just grind as usual to get the 1k points to make her permanent.
That started in JP with the rerun of this years Christmas event, so we won't be getting rare prisms from welfares till the end of next year if we follow them.
Use them to farm an Oni that drops something you need, or on Ushi if she has what you want. Otherwise just use them as they are worth more QP if you do the raid fights over turning them in,
Run Tower Rakshasa for brocades, Hotsprings Rakshasa for baskets or run Summit for all three currencies. The CE only increases the amount you get per drop, so if a node doesn't drop the currency there's no point.
No more surprise rewards, just whatever you haven't gotten from free quests, the damage ladder, or the shop
Welfare RPs started with the Santa Altera rerun, which will be next year. We'll also get a rare prism for doing the Medb costume quest during the summer 2 rerun next year if we do the quest this year. I'd advise against burning your only copy of a servant
Other than some needing higher NP levels to loop, especially for Skadi memes, or small cases like squirtoria being able to use one of her skills and NP, NP1 is fine. Higher NP levels are mostly a luxury, as most people would rather have 2 different servants over one stronger servant.
Get the shield of arrav too
The cheapest way to get quartz for the paid gacha is to buy the 25 pack, 4 pack, and 1 pack which should be around $30.
&gt;Artemis- She only has eyes for Orion and I don’t think it’s even possible to change that. It seems like it's possible in her Bond 5 Dialogue. Artemis: Ahaha, you're a funny one, Master. I love Orion the most, but I think I have some room for you, too! Orion: I never thought she'd grow attached to anyone else but me...Has hell frozen over?
Nothing given out for finishing Shinjuku early. The EoR chapters are different in that they are all optional and can be done in any order, they won't even be required for events.
Ideally you should spend your gems on unlocking slots for the dorm and some dock space before you worry about skins. You may be able to get 2 skins with all the gems from clearing the maps, but dorm slots and dock space should take precedence.
Most likely not for 2 years when we get lostbelt 4
There's a spreadsheet of event materials in the OP, but Summer rerun part 1 has 20.
Expected after the Anniversary. We're expecting Agartha next, then either the Anniversary or Summer rerun, with the Anniversary coming more likely. We're unsure if the anniversary will be delayed like last year for a con or if we'll get it sooner so things are a bit up in the air right now.
Looks like it's indeed a reward for clearing the lostbelt, so we can use it.
Bosses are guaranteed to drop a ship if you S rank it, while any other mob might give you just 10 coins. Rush the boss unless you need to clear all the mobs for 3 stars.
Pretty often they'll award the NA version with less quartz for events and such, like giving us 3 quartz when JP got 10. If you start on JP, you'll have missed a lot of welfare servants, with no way of getting them for the foreseeable future. On the NA server, you will only have missed 4 servants, or 3 if you can manage to get through the event in the little time there is left.
SoS are the submarine missions. 12-4+SoS means grind either 12-4 or do the chapter 12 Submarine mission.
You have to complete the main story to make him permanent, then you can buy the copies in the shop to power up his NP. His ascensiom materials are in the points ladder. Bring taunters and stuff as many hot springs CEs as you can fit, with Golden Sumo on your strongest damage dealer.
Tamamo is the best Arts support, team her with Waver and an Arts Damage dealer, like Squirtoria or Vlad and keep the NPs rolling with arts chains.
4\* Summer Ishtar is a welfare servant, meaning you simply need to do her event to get her so no need to pull for her. We have Agartha coming next, then presumably the Anniversary afterwards followed by Summer rerun then the new summer event with Ishtar. You'll have to wait until the new summer event around August before you can get her.
It was rotating in the rerun in JP, and NA had rotating banners during the initial run so it's likely Moedred will have some solo time
Skadi isn't really that important for non-quick teams, Waver will be better in most cases.
Just get through the event story, then look at the 3rd gate.
Neither Caster or Assassin are story locked, and can spook. Golden Sumo is a very good CE, try to get it MLB.
You never really need the 3\* CEs, odds are they'd just save some time and apples. If you plan to blow all your FP during the Anniversary, go ahead and do so. Only other thing you might save FP for is a new 3\* servant coming with Shimosa around October.
Yup, he's not limited or story locked so he'll be added to the general pool.
Not unless you want 2 rider kintokis on your support list.
From her profile, &gt;!she fought as a warrior and wanted her fight to the death to end as a warrior's death. But Achilles took off her helmet and told her she was beautiful and wouldn't have killed her had he known, so she hated him for treating her as a woman over a warrior and denying her a warrior's death!&lt;
Bottom right corner, looks like Nightengale is looking at him and you can see his mask below the water
It's fake, there's some flashing text around [here](https://youtu.be/rB0uV-U5dGs?t=57) that should give you a clue
I'm assuming your break started during CCC. It's probably too late for the current event, you only have a few hours to complete it. If you did the original run and got NP5 Rider Kintoki you haven't missed much, if you didn't you probably missed your shot at getting him. You missed the rerun of Rashomon, but there's nothing really from the event worth fretting over.
Agartha will be coming tomorrow after the maintenance, it's almost here.
Burn the copy if you already have NP5, no reason to keep it unless you want 2 Rider Kintokis on your support list. Nope, you can do the EoR chapters in any order or skip them entirely if you wish. They won't be required for anything.
Gone for good, MLB Hot springs, no reason not to now.
Caster Nero is a DPS Caster, while Merlin is a support. You use Nero to hurt things while you use Merlin to help other servants hurt things.
Babylonia has some tougher enemies but easier bosses than Camelot. Overall I'd say Camelot was harder.
1% to pull any SSR, 0.7% to pull a solo rated-up SSR, 0.4% for a duo rated-up SSR. Not sure of more off the top of my head.
Heads up, you keep making new replies instead of editing.
I'd do the story until you hit a road block, then go grind some XP. If nothing else, progressing through the story will get you more SQ for summer and you'll be unlocking nodes to farm materials to ascend your servants. Don't worry about saving AP for the summer rerun, it's not that hard to get NP5 and ascension items, though some of the fights in part 2 can be a bit tough.
Skadi won't be here until the 3rd anniversary, so just a bit over a year until then.
Part 1: Humanity is going to be incinerated, and we need to go to 7 points in time to correct the irregularities. Part 1.5: Some of the Demon God Pillars from part 1 escaped and are trying to do their own things, making mini-sigularities. Part 2: &gt;!An Alien God is trying to replace the timeline with a lostbelt, so we need to stop them.!&lt; Part 2 is still ongoing, we're on part 4 and there's still more to come. There'll probably be an end at some point, but that will likely be at the end of FGO's lifespan, and FGO prints so much money I don't see it happening anytime soon.
The mat rewards are retroactive so you won't miss anything.
You missed Oda Nobu's and Rider Kintoki's reruns so if you didn't do their original events you lost them. There was also the initial CCC and Gudaguda 2 runs so you missed the first shot at BB and Chacha. Other than those, Rashomon rerun came and went, and some bonuses. You might want to look into an emulator to play on in case your phone breaks again.
The upcoming GSSR is one giant pool, so no picking class. The New Years will be Knights, Ruler, and Avenger vs Calvary, Foreigner, and Alter Ego. You don't have much of a chance to try to get Jalter until her banner, either a 1/51 chance only or another shot if you pick the Knights/Ruler/Avenger one at new years.
Pretty much, it's one giant pool of all 51 SSRs released besides Sherlock.
The game might of freaked out when loading her voice line when the daily log in reset. Happened to me when I was viewing Schez's My Room lines after getting her true name.
You can use them to give a servant up to 1k extra attack or HP, or up to 2k with golden fous but those are extremely rare.
Upcoming GSSR is just one giant pool of all 51 SSRs besides Sherlock. GSSRs tend to go in a pattern of Giant Pool &gt; Knights/Ruler/Avenger vs Calvary/Alter Ego/Foreigner &gt; Class Specific with Extras all grouped together. New Years will be Knights vs Calvary and 3rd Anniversary will be class specific, then it goes back to giant pool though that will be restricted to limited servants. If you are after someone specific, it's best to wait for their rate up. GSSR is still a guaranteed SSR so I think it's worth it to pull on if you can afford it.
No, but don't tell support you are using one. And keep in mind occasionally patches will break emulators so you may not be able to play for periods of time.
There will be one for redoing the challenge quest for Medb's outfit with the Summer 2 rerun next year, other than that it's either the free ones from getting additional welfares or burning servants.
She's been around for every New Years/Thanksgiving banner so far, those are her only banners really
Bryn's only banners will be Nerofest this year, then Lostbelt 2 next year around July unless NA adds her to the New Years/Thanksgivings as a surprise.
Likely next week to coincide with Anime Expo, if not then it should still be sometime soon.
Something to keep in mind is that the upcoming GSSR is one giant pool of all 51 SSRs, other than Sherlock.
Summer banner should be here relatively soon, I'd say sometime in July. The GSSR is coming up extremely soon, likely next week to coincide with Anime Expo, if not a bit later. The GSSR will be one giant pool of all 51 SSRs besides Sherlock.
Every SSR besides Sherlock so all the Permanent, Story Locked and Limited ones, like Artoria, Lartoria, and Archoria.
Yup, one pull with paid quartz and it goes away.
Go ahead and raise your 3\* servants, many of them are very powerful. You don't need to rely on just 4\* or 5\* servants. Just some examples of good 3\* or lower servants are Hans, Arash, Mash, Spartacus, Euryale, and Ushi. If you like a 3\*, raise it.
First or Second fight? First fight got to kill him twice, second his guts should end after 10 turns.
Only the 25 counts as paid quartz, the bonus quartz counts as free so the 25+16 pack alone isn't enough for the GSSR
Got to 3 star SP1 and SP2 first
For NA the only limited 4\*s are Passionlip and summer servants. Saber Alter is story locked, not limited so she's available.
Le Triomphant and Le Mars can be drops or bought with currency. Emile comes from cumulitive currency like the U-556 skin was. The rest are from construction.
Around November with the 11m milestone equivalent.
00:35:00
Tama Caster, Bryn, or Kiara. All waifus, though I could use Tama for my Arts servants.
Story progress only matters for the story banner, a rated-up servant can always be rolled. A fresh account could roll on the rate up banner and get the new servants.
Better to roll on class banners, less competition
There's no confirmed date, but we are expecting around July 6th
Those are just special flair for when you roll a 4 or 5 star, though rainbow sparkles only happen with 5 stars. You could just get a gold card with no animations, or you can randomly get a special animation when you roll a gold servant
Drake doesn't get many good banners, pretty much every time after this she'll be sharing it with at least one other person. She'll be on the Okeanos banner with Sherlock next, then class banners, then Valentines with Semiramis. There will be the Sherlock banners with the Anniversary, then we get into summer rerun and new run.
&gt;Return to skill screen during battle from cards. &gt;you can set cards to be autoburnt from FP gacha. Those are implemented already
She's permanent so she can spook at any time
Rare prisms are spent in a special shop in Da Vinci's workshop. Pretty much you won't get any for a while unless you burn a 4 or 5\* servant, which isn't recommended unless you have NP6 of them. We'll start getting them free next year. Limited servants are only obtainable on their rate up banners, or in the Guranteed SSR banner which requires paid quartz and can only be rolled once. Certain servants have more rate ups than others, and it may take some time before the servant gets another banner.
Just so you know, Yagyu likely won't be on the ticket if that helps your decision any.
Story locked servants are always excluded from the friend point gacha. Your only options are either risking the story banner or waiting for one of the few banners he's in, like the Rider class banners.
We have our Anniversary earlier than JP has theirs, so we'll likely get the anniversary celebrations before summer rerun hits.
Something to consider, is that Lalter will be on rate up so if you plan on rolling for Merlin/Artoria/Lartoria you might roll a Lalter so you could save your ticket and see if you can get Lalter from the gacha and use the ticket on Casgil.
Next event is Summer Rerun, and it should be in a few weeks or so. We're also expecting the Anniversary possibly this week.
Yup, no more shop CEs till next year so feel free to get those fous, unless you unlock one of the old ones with a RP
We are 2 years behind JP. We are getting Scathach's rerun and then we are getting Rider Ishtar's event, with Saber Fran/Caster Umu/Assassin Nito/Berserker Nobu and Malter/Lancer Raikou/Archer Helena banners. Berserker Jalter will be here next year, not this year. General rule is to add 2 years to the date JP had them to get a rough estimate of when we will get them.
Should be dropping in less than 2 hours or so, when the login reset happens.
Go with the banner that's least likely to dissapoint you. If you'd be happier with the Knights over the Calvary, go ahead and roll the Knights banner. If you got Mecha Eli from Halloween, she can work for your Anti-Calvary needs, otherwise you can use Hundred-Faces and Medea until you get better options.
Same thing, just different terms used to name it.
Instead of using your SQ to roll for CEs just for a currency boost, just use some apples and grind a bit more to make up the difference. Otherwise, just don't worry about clearing the shops.
Just use any copies to increase NP level right away, no point in leveling the copies. Only level up the main servant.
Mash improves as you progress through the story. Keep clearing the singularites and she'll keep improving. She'll ascend for the first time after clearing Septem.
Are you trying to change it in My Room? Any changes made there don't affect anything, instead go to the Spirit Origin List in the Formation tab.
Only the 30 SQ is time-limited
Waver's next solo campaign is the Journey to the West rerun around April. He'll be on rate up on CBC around Feb-March, but it's shared with Arthur. Tamamo has the current New Years banner when it rotates back to her, after that she'll be on rate up with Semiramis and won't get another banner til next New Years. Skadi will come out with the 3rd Anniversary around July. Merlin won't be back until next summer.
We'll have quite a few of Calvary welfares over the year. Assassin Shiki's rerun, Caster Sieg, Rider Ryoma, Rider Ishtar's rerun, Caster Iri's rerun, and Caster Shuten. Throughout the year, you'll get a ST and AoE welfare for Both Rider and Caster, and a ST Assassin. That should cover you fairly well. On the AoE Assassin front, there's Semiramis during Valentines, Summer Ushi, and Yu at the end of the year. There's also Passionlip and Kiara around late February, AoE Alter Egos. With all the welfares filling your gaps, you can save SQ for waifus/other servants you'd like. Personally I'd stick with Mecha Eli for your ST needs while the welfares roll in, and fill your AoE needs with 3\*s while you wait for the welfares to roll in and use SQ on servants I like. Assassins and Casters have lower damage, so there's not a lot of great options, so Alter Egos like Mecha Eli can work as Anti-Calvary.
No, the bonus quartz counts as free quartz.
Dupes of NP5 copies. Otherwise I wait until the rerun of Summer 2 or Christmas 3 when we start getting free rare prisms
Yes, single pulls are best for saving quartz when rolling for any gold servant.
Nope, burn the Melt for some rare prisms. No point keeping a 2nd copy of her if you don't want 2 on your support list.
We got the New Years master missions during Thanksgiving.
Rarity wise Gil has a bunch of rate ups, he'll be back around September this year and next, and is around every Thanksgiving/New Years. Hokusai just has this banner and next New Years.
If you don't want to grind the nodes, you'll have to wait for events with the materials you need. You can find out which events have which mats in the link in the OP.
The only servants from Prisma Illya are Illya, Miyu, and Kuro though there will be a few other servants on rate up at the time (Nursery Rhyme, Helena, Medb, and Medea Lily). Kuro's a welfare, so no need to worry about her since she's free. Illya's a 5\* and Miyu's a 4\*, and there will be some time where they are the only time where they are the only ones on Rate Up. You'll want to save as much SQ as you can, the rerun in a year is their latest banner, and it could be a while before they get another banner. I'd try to focus on getting Miyu, considering Fujino from the KnK rerun has only had one banner so far Miyu might suffer the same fate. At least Illya is likely to get more banners in the future, or you could get her in a GSSR.
DIfferent rolls, one is a ST Crit king, one is an AoE servant. Go with the one you like more. Jalter will have 2 more Rate ups, while Hokusai will only have 1 more, if that helps.
The card art determines the appearance in My Room, with final ascension art acting as third ascension. No way to separately change it.
Events usually give you some CEs for participating or in the shops, some very powerful like Ariel Drive. There's also some given away for events, though those tend to just be for the art with very miniscule effects. You'll get most of your CEs through summoning. There's a few 3\* CEs worth keeping, like Battle of Camlann or Dragon's Meridian that are useful when running low on party cost, otherwise use them until you get better CEs or use them to make CE bombs to level up CEs.
Always get the summoning tickets, it's 5 free summons a month. No reason not to get them. With the 3rd anniversary, we'll start getting support-oriented CEs in Da Vinci's shop, so it may be worthwile to save for them.
I mean you can buy 5 summoning tickets a month, which is 5 free summons. It's not too hard to get the prisms for the tickets, whether from events or running the 30 AP ember node and burning the silver embers.
Yes, they stack. The more Gentle Affections you have, the more Mona Lisa's you get per stack.
Rerolling is basically deleting your save and starting a new game repeatedly until you either get a desired servant from the tutorial roll or you go further and roll on a Rate Up banner for a servant. Not too sure on specifics on how to.
Yep, hoard all the SQ you can until Shuten drops, then roll for her (preferably when she's solo on the banner, the banner will rotate with Kintoki and Raikou). If you don't get her, you can continue on without her or try rerolling, up to you if you want to go down that road or not.
Basically it increases the chance that the enemy will be either Fake or True, depending on the CE. So you use them to try to force the enemies to one side for more lotto currency for one side or the other.
The tutorial summon has no 5\*s and a set amount of 4\*s. Would you rather be able to read the story and have 2 years worth of knowing which banners will pop up, or would you rather have the newer servants earlier at the cost of needing translations and not knowing upcoming banners? The first is NA, the later JP.
around late August
It's not a 100% conversion I believe, and apparently not worth using over another copy of Scholars.
For future reference, there's a link in the OP with shop materials. Setsuban next will have 16 lanterns in the shop though it requires Solomon completed to participate. There'll be another 20 in the KnK rerun next month.
You need to get her to her natural max level, meaning 90.
No, the shop will remain open for one week after the event ends for people to spend the last of their currency or open their remaining boxes.
The True/Fake manuscripts from the NA event are part of a Lottery currency, the 300 prizes you can roll with the currency are in a box.
Sumo, HNS, and Fondant are all from events but FP gacha CEs are used to create CE bombs to level up CEs.
Lancer Scathach comes around every New Years so far, those are her only banners. You'll have another shot at her in about a year.
She'll have another banner next New Years, that will be her last known banner.
Yes, after you get the key you have to have Jalter at level 90 and pay some materials to equip the skin. Jalter's outfit in particular needs 10 Spinal Fluid, 10 Needles, 5 Grease, 5 Hearts, and 3m QP.
She'll be on rate up with Semiramis during Valentines, with Skadi during the Anniversary, solo during the new Christmas event, then with Murasaki during next Valetines.
Her March banner is one we are likely to skip so I wouldn't get my hopes up for it to come.
No needles in Salem, and I don't think there's many interludes that have them. If you are getting them for Jalter's outfit, there's no rush to get them as long as you got the key. You can make the outfit later when you do get the needles.
Probably. Mecha Eli and support Merlin and Mash should be able to do some major work, with Melt coming in to help clean up. Also bring whoever is your strongest ST servant to help fight off Jalter at the end.
Yes, you can freely pick any of the available servants, there's a picture and list of them in the news post if you want to check but it's every 4\* aside from Limted or Welfares.
Yes, it's any non-limited or welfare 4\* so basically anyone besides Passionlip or welfares.
For future reference, [Here](https://fategrandorder.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Unlockable_Servants) is a list of Story locked servants
Assuming plans don't change, we should be getting a ticket this November with the 15m campaign, can pick her then. This does probably remove the ticket in 2 years though.
Every single GSSR, regardless of how it's split, is one pull per event so you have to choose one class.
Support Merlin to keep up the heals and Invulns while your own Euryale 1 Shot's Megalos's HP bar with her NP and Mash keeps up the defensives should do the trick. Just focus down Megalos first, ignore Rider till last. After he's down, just turn all your firepower to Rider, just bring any ST you can, if you have Mecha Eli she'll be very useful.
If apples and time are a non-factor, guarantee the 3-turns so you can do more runs faster.
She needs to be level 90, servants need to be at their natural level cap for costumes. You'll need 10 spinal fluids and stingers, 5 greases and hearts, and 3m QP to make the costume.
Nothing changed in My Room sticks, instead go to Formation and Spirit Origin List. There, find your servant you want to change and mess with the options as you see fit. Changing a servant out of their costume is done the same way as other options, just change card art and such.
If you need the mats, take the time to clear them out then go back to Louvre.
Every version of Nero will say Umu at somepoint, mostly in My Room but also in battle. Classic Umu will say it sometimes when you select one of her attacks, Summer Umu will say it occasionally before or after battle, Bridal Umu will say it occasionally after battle.
After you fill your inventory and second archive, your only other option is to keep them in your gift box, though that will be filled with the lotto embers quite quicky.
No, you just need to have her at 90 and craft the costume.
I did so until I cleared the 10th box on both sides, am now prioritizing fake boxes for bones.
The All class node, Louvre
Saber node
The ticket will be given JANUARY 20th 20:00 PST - JANUARY 27th 19:59 PST and exchange will be JANUARY 22nd 20:00 PST - JANUARY 29th 19:59 PST. As shown in the pinned post. Singularity F is Fuyuki yes.
Try to get her first skill to 10 and her second to 8.
Just saying, Salem isn't an event, it's a permanent story chapter
Yes, the shop and lotto will remain open for about a week after the nodes close.
LAlter is story-locked so unless you plan on rolling for her during the KnK rerun you are very unlikely to get her, so it's likely best to use the ticket on her. Casgil and Nito can spook you while Lalter can't.
So far Tomoe will only have 2 banners, one next week with Shuten/Raikou/Kintoki and another in January next year with Old Li. Parvati will be on rate up with Kama next year for Ooku, and Jack or Tesla with an Interlude campaign around September next year.
Bond 11-15 comes out with Lostbelt 3, which should be late November ~ early December. You need a bond grail for every level above 10, and you get 30 SQ per level.
So far in JP there's not been another way to get it.
Take this over to the SR ticket thread, linked in the top post
The 8m milestone banner last November was his last banner to date, there won't be another shot at him outside of the GSSRs until he gets another one +2 years for it to come to us.
Little phone icon on the main menu, below the other event icons.
Only casters get 100% bond bonus in Salem. Every EoR chapter has a category on which servants get bonus bond: Shinjuku is evil servants, Agartha is females, Shimosa is Knights, Salem is just Casters.
Around late November with Lostbelt 3.
Any class outside of the original 7 only get bonus xp from 'all' class embers, so just pick one and just throw whatever you got at her.
You should probably try to level up Wu. Ideally, you want to try to burst down Shuten as fast as you can, so she can't charm lock you. Since she's a berserker, just use your strongest servant on her. Afterwards you just need to worry about surviving Raikou's NP, David should be able to help you here, along with Mash using her invincibility to save your DPS. Don't be afraid to use your command seals to do a full team revive too.
Anastasia is on rate up on Valentines with Murasaki, the 4th Anniversary with Lolinardo, or during an Interlude campaign around late December 2021.
Circe's next, and latest outside of class banners and a Learning with Manga banner we may not get, banner is the 15m banner around November.
We'll start getting CEs in Da Vinci's workshop again starting from the 3rd anniversary, this time being support oriented versions of the old ones (5% bonus if you use your own, 15% if you use a support).
Any of the stars produced 'for yourself' are simply added to the pool and act as normal. The CEs do not work while they are in the backline, I belive only event currency bonuses, some event damage CEs, and Ideal Holy King are the only examples of CEs working form the back.
Neither, they don't generate a lot of stars with their attacks and their skills only make a bomb of stars instead of recurring stars, along with Lalter's increasing her star absorb, stealing stars from Jalter. Instead, you want either an active star generator like Jack, Fuuma, or Cursed Arm. Or, probably moreso, you want a passive star generator, like Merlin, Hans, or Helena for example.
The banner should rotate so you could roll for Tomoe while Raikou isn't on rate up.
The game is mostly farming, and Waver is much better at farming than Merlin is. Most people will be looking for a Waver, unless there's some challenging content that Merlin will help at. Most of the time, leave Waver in your Caster slot.
He'll function the same as if his True Name was revealed, only his name will be Avenger of Shinjuku and his NP will be '???'. It's only a cosmetic thing.
1. She's out of solo rate ups for the forseeable future. She *might* get added to the Thanksgiving banner again,but otherwise you'll have to roll during a duo-rate up. Skadi and Lartortia will both have a 0.4% chance when they are on duo-rate up, but that's your best time to roll if you want both, roll then until you get Lartoria, then continue on Skadi's solo time at the end if you don't get her. 2. No, story-locked servants are not added to the summoning pool, you have to either roll on the Story banner which isn't recommended, roll on a Rate Up for them, or roll on Class or Valentines banners which include them. 3. Yes, the GSSR will be reduced to 15 SQ with the 3rd Anniversary going by JP. 4. I believe so.
This year's Anniversary is Skadi, next is Lolinardo.
Different buffs stack multiplicatively, same time buffs are additive so you want to mix and match your buffs. Don't just focus on Buster Up, also get some Attack Up buffs.
No time gates, just limited on how many floors you can clear before everyone's exhausted.
You can't actually, they aren't in any free quests
Just your standard 100 golds and silvers every event has. The only good events ember-wise are lotteries, and the next one is Gilfest in September.
Just the Transfer code
It's just a cosmetic change, with a few exceptions like Bride getting 1 more hit on her Extra attack. If a skill is changed, it's through Strengthenings/Interludes. Marie still has her generic animations in JP, though that will be changing soon~ish.
Yes, Septem is widely regarded as the worst.
If you like them, go ahead and pull for them. Both of them are fairly good, particularly Raikou. Can't really go wrong with either of them.
If you want, use support servants. They will help you clear the story faster. Personally I try to use my own servants, so I tend to stick support in the back, but I will use supports when I need them. All XP is gained through Ember cards, which can be farmed through the Ember Gathering daily quests in Chaldea Gate. A Ruler Jeanne or Cu Alter Support can solo the 40AP Ember node. You'll need to occasionally stop progressing in the story to level up your servants as the story gets more difficult, Particualrly at the 6th Singularity where there's a big difficulty spike.
Should be fine with the right servants, use Riders if you can, Ushi in particular is a great servant to kill Pillars. A support Rider Kintoki or Ozzy should decimate pillars.
Enemy HP will eventually start rising, some floors on say 100+ will have enemies with 100k HP or more so it may not be as easy to 1 NP and wipe the floor. The relative structure remains the same, though towards the end 2 wave floors will become more common, then the norm.
Get a Transfer code just in case, that's the only way of transferring your account without reaching out to support.
She got an animation update with the Prisma Illya rerun.
If you decide to reroll, it may be best to reroll just for a good servant from the tutorial roll. Rerolling for a 5\* in either banner can be maddening as the rates are low, 1% for a 5\*, 0.7% that the 5\* is a rated up one when it's solo. It's generally advised not to roll on the Story banner, as SQ isn't plentiful, the rates are bad, and the odds of getting someone you want there are bad due to no rate up and diluted pool.
link is broke
Pull on banners with servants you like, save if there's no banner up that appeals to you. Avoid the Story banner, feel free to roll on the Friend Point gacha.
The distribution for the ticket ended last night sadly.
&gt;no lores or grails aside from the CQ There's a lore for Floor 150 and 200.
Absolutely no benefits to redoing challenge quests, unless you want to redo it for some fun. Consider them one and done.
No drops, not even bond or master outfit xp.
Unless you want 2 of the same servant on your support list just burn the np6+ copies.
Medea Lily, Gorgon, and Midrash are story-locked, so they are the hardest to roll for, so I'd consider one of them. Midrash is the most powerful of the 3, but has more banners. Otherwise, Parvati would be the strongest of the entire lineup if you plan on rolling for Skadi during the Anniversary. Nitocris is a good farmer as well.
David
Raise your Euryale to 70 if you can, at 60 you can get her Strengthening for her 3rd skill, which is very useful.
Reverse Scales are a pain to farm, outside of 30 or 40 AP Rider Training Grounds, the only node to farm them is in the next singularity. If you don't want to farm the training grounds, you'll have to wait for the KnK rerun next month for them.
Yes, with no signs of it decreasing. We just had a ticket with Tomoe in it, next one should be in November
The story ends on floor 100, floors 101 and up are just for more goodies.
No real reason, just reusing enemies from the Summer 2 event.
Like Nerofest, Valentines is a new event every year. Old valentines CEs beyond the gifts do not work on new events.
Not a perfect solution, but you could cheat yourself some Tek Boots and the engram, and dismount the dino before you hit the ground.
The next Foreigner banner will be MHXX during Summer 3 around August.
10x summons or single pulls makes no difference. Just hoard all the SQ and tickets you can, and pull when they are on rate up, on solo days if possible.
If you want both, roll while they are both on Rate Up, then roll on whoever you missed's solo time.
If you still have access to your account, issue a new code. If you don't have access to your account and didn't issue a new code after you used your first one, you'll need to contact support, you can find out more on that through a link in the sidebar.
[Link for JP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZQb6d6iT616BjCrCafVUyAmyulZq-IqbgCCszlJglJw/edit) and [Link for NA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FU8UkUfgw4rgXbhOomt4Vqgg4Mk1UnuZp8dQM9K1EdY/edit)
Sometime this week is the expected date.
Zerker Raikou's only campaign is a KYOMAF banner that will be skipped. She may get shuffled into Thanksgiving though. Beyond that, your only hope is the GSSR. There is Lancer Raikou returning with the Summer rerun this year, which is also her last banner beyond another KYOMAF banner, though she won't likely be added to Thanksgiving.
Unfortunately, any costume that was released with a second run [Mash/Nero/Jalter] haven't had another opportunity to be acquired. Medb's outfit will return with the rerun, and Arthur's will go into the RP shop.
At the latest, a bit under 2 years. It's possible that we may get it earlier, but the latest will be with the Apocrypha rerun
Her theme from Prylla, [Shoujo ha Sono Saki he](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSwXBx3xNFg)
3\* servants have a consistant 4%, so just roll whenever he is on rate up. He's Limited, so this is as good a time as any other for him.
What Bond level is he? Many interludes have ascension and bond requirements, Alexander needs Bond 4.
It has not come back yet in JP. The only outfit that didn't come with a first run of an event that has returned is Arthur's suit.
That mission means completing one hunting quests a day. The tasks is for Missions, which is different from running nodes. If you didn't do a hunting quest for one of the days, you are out of luck.
You can finish Solomon after it starts and still participate.
The more servants of the same rarity on Rate Up, the lower your shot at a specific one, except for 3 stars. Since Okitan is the only 5 star on the banner for the entire duration, your odds at her won't change.
36 tickets and around 110 SQ got me a second KScope, Np2 Izo, and most importantly Okitan. Also got an Emiya and 2 Li copies. Got 2 of the 4 and 5 star CEs as well.
The schedule after Guda 3 should be Lostbelt 2 &gt; Anniversary &gt; Summer 2 rerun &gt; then Jalter Summer.
Her next banner will be the Guda 3 rerun next year.
You get the welfare Ryouma, and clearing it this year will mean you can get 5 Rare Prisms next year during the rerun. Mats come and go, the most important thing is always the welfare servant. If you really can't get to it in time, you can get Ryouma next year during the rerun.
If you are looking for free 4\* tickets, there's the one in [the 15m campaign](https://fategrandorder.fandom.com/wiki/15M_Downloads_Campaign). There was also the [Babylonia release campaign](https://fategrandorder.fandom.com/wiki/Absolute_Demonic_Battlefront_Babylonia_Release_Campaign_Part_II), but we've already had that ticket so if we will get that one again or lose it, or something else is uncertain.
You'll be locked out of the Challenge Quest at the end, which requires you to clear all 100 missions. You don't need to level him up for the story.
Sometime this month is all we have.
He won't be in the Friend Point gacha, and he won't show up in class banners. He's a Limited servant, if you want him got to use SQ on a Rate Up banner with him.
Lunchtime or Mona Lisa would be the best use of the RP, though you'll still need the 5k Mana Prisms to MLB it.
Servants of different rarities do not affect each other. Since Okitan is the only SSR on the banner for example, your chance at her will remain the same for the entire duration.
Clear the app data/cache on Bluestacks, or start a new save on it then do a Data Transfer.
If you get Ryouma this year, you'll get 5 Rare Prisms next year. It's a mission based event, just like SE.RA.PH and KnK
We'll get about 26 more grails over 2 years.
He's Limited, so he won't be in the Friend gacha and he won't be in class banners either. If you want him, your only option is to roll for him on Rate Up banners like the current one.
The event is time-gated, as usual. You need to wait until the timer expires to finish the event. Don't worry about it and just continue as you normally would.
MLB Sailors actually maxes out the bonus, so you should MLB it immediately.
The card art controls which ascension is shown in the Main Menu/My Room, with Final Ascension art acting as 3rd ascension. If you want a different ascension in the Main Menu/My Room, you got to change the card art.
That's not really tied to the mission, but just Okitan herself. She has a few lines for her NP, and 2 where she forgets it's name, calling it Majin-san Beam or Something Something Beam
You can see a schedule of the Dailies by clicking the little Help button next to the Master Missions checklist in Chaldea Gate. Anyways, Rider Embers are on Tuesdays and Fridays. If you need embers for Ryouma, the XP in the shop will be enough for the missions, and you can always use non-matching class embers.
She won't return until next year with the Guda 3 rerun.
If you are asking if FGO is voiced, then mostly no. Outside of Valentines scenes starting next year and one rare occasion in an event &gt;!The intro to the CCC event!&lt;, voiced lines are strictly in My Room dialogue and combat.
Yes, there will be a rerun of the current event, though if you get Ryouma now you can get 5 Rare Prisms next year.
Yes, he's the welfare.
You should be able to clear Babylonia and Solomon before the event ends, so you should be able to participate and get Ryouma
Scathach and Skadi are two different characters, Scathach-Skadi is like a fusion, her situation's a bit weird.
There's no published rates, but whatever they are they suck, especially since there's no Rate Up there. It usually takes me over 100k points just to get one event CE from the FP pool.
No, 3\* and 4\*s are usually left out. Last year we skipped a Camelot the Stage banner with Lartoria and Bedivere, Lartoria was moved to Thanksgiving while Bedi was absent, pretty safe to asume the same will happen with Izo.
Archer Nobu is gone for the forseeable future, her rerun has long since passed. JP recently introduced 'Main Interludes' as a way to acquire old welfares, but it is currently limited to Santa Altera and it could take a while for Nobu's event to be added, plus 2 years for it to hit us. In the meantime, the summer rerun this year will have Summer Nobu, and next year will have Maou Nobu so you could get *a* Nobu while you wait for OG Nobu to return.
You are given one copy from the Main Interludes, as well as the ascension mats, and the NP2-5 copies are added to the RP shop. I believe access to the event in Main Interludes also requires RPs though, so the entire process is a big RP sink. At least starting this year we'll be given RPs for free for re-obtaining costumes starting with the summer rerun and getting NP6+ copies of welfares starting with Christmas Rerun (Not retroactive so Chacha for example won't give you RPs but Ryouma and Sieg will for their reruns).
Higher rarity fou cards give more per card, and you can only use silver and below until you reach 1000/2000, then you can only use golds to max them out.
A defense down on an enemy is the same is an attack up on your team. The same applies to things like Buster Down and such.
I still use him on occasion, but for the most part he's on vacation.
Get a bunch of 1-2\* CEs to max level, then feed them all to a more desireable CE to get it's level up to 100 immediately to save boatloads of QP.
He rides Mesektet, the boat of the sun. You know those lasers in his attacks? Those are from the Mesektet.
There's no way to grind 'all' class embers. There's logins, events, and the mana prism shop. Just throw any class embers you can on them, it'll be a bit less xp per card but much faster than waiting for each event and mana prism shop for 'all' class embers.
&gt;!He's still around in JP!&lt; &gt;!Apparently he does get better!&lt;
He's Limited so you can only get him from Rate Up banners
The second banner always comes back, just no announcement or fanfare for it.
You have to complete the event's story, which can't be done currently due to a time-lock. Just keep doing the taking control missions and look for missions that will allow access to the next story chapter.
No, Summer Medb's rerun was last year in JP. There's no telling when she will return.
Summer wise is Nero/Nito/Fran/Nobu and Malter/Raikou/Helena with Rider Istar's rerun. The next milestone later on will have Summer Archuria/Marie/Martha, though Martha will return with Quetzmas.
No, the GSSR will be over by the time Summer BB comes out.
Just a note, you can not get Passionlip through the GSSR.
Yes, you don't need to log in for it.
Both. Use Hans as a mini-Merlin while you use Medea as a DPS.
No, it's possible to clear 76 missions right now. If it's not locked, you can clear it now. Make sure you do all the territory missions.
GSSR is always in a cycle. It goes one giant pool &gt; Knights vs Calvary &gt; Class based with different rules each cycle. The 3rd Anniversary will be Class Based with every SSR released besides Skadi. The New Years GSSR will start a new cycle, so it'll be one giant pool, with the new rule being Limited only. JP is about to start a new cycle, unless they decide to break tradition.
O*ryou*, Ryou means Dragon
They are from different timelines or such. 4\* OG Nero still has memories of Hakuno form the Fate/Extra series, while Bride hasn't met him/her. I believe Summer Nero is Bride is a swimsuit.
Never burn your only copy of a gold servant, *especially* an SSR. You'd be burning SQ from bond rewards, Interludes, Strenghthenings, plus you'll eventually get more SQ the more Interludes/Strengthenings you do. If you really want Anniversary Blond, just wait. We'll start getting Rare Prisms for free this year, starting with the summer rerun if you got Medb's outfit last year or Christmas 3's rerun if you got Santa Altera last year. Just wait and you'll be able to get it without burning anyone.
The other 4 copies are mission rewards, just like his ascension mats.
You missed your chance at it period, it came with a rerun. It's possible for it to return at some point, but currently in JP there's been no way to get it outside it's initial run.
How would you feel if you got a dupe of Sanzang or Anastasia, or if you got someone like Scheherazade or Illya? You should roll on the GSSR expeting the worst outcome.
[This page](https://fategrandorder.fandom.com/wiki/Quetzalcoatl#Expression%20Sheets) at the bottom has the expression sheets for all 3 ascensions.
Use Passionlip's first skill for Debuff Immunity, then use her 3rd skill. The objective is to insta-kill KP, and Passionlip's 3rd skill gives her a chance to instakill with her normal attacks and the support has death rate up.
Nope, gotta pay money if you want the costumes. There's maybe one or two costumes you can unlock for each character, but they are different from the DLCs.
No, there is no option to.
&gt;!Nothing regarding the Mooncell is a direct sequel, every single thing regarding it is some kind of different timeline or such.!&lt;
Yes, Lancer Diarmuid is a permanent 3\* so you can get him in the FP pool. Just keep pulling there and you'll get him to NP5 eventually.
Merlin is great enough at NP1, higher NP levels just increase his healing per turn, not something really worth going out of your way to get.
The only time-limited aspect of costumes is acquiring the key. After you get the key, you have all the time you need to max out the servant/make the outfit/roll the servant in the first place.
You have 2 options. The first is to just grind free quests for eternity. The second is to wait for an event to have the desired material in the shop. You can check which events have which materials in the Event Shop link in the OP.
You don't get it until near the end.
You have 3 choices: Reverse Shinjuku with Dantes, Reverse Mejiro Fudou with Salter, or Reverse Shiba Park with Ibaraki.
No, he's Limited so the *only* way to get him is to roll for him while he's on Rate Up. He won't go into the Friend Point gacha, and you can't roll him during Class Banners.
We'll start getting support oriented versions of the Shop CEs soon (5% if you use your own at MLB, 15% if you use a support.) The first one won't be that great, as it will be Mystic Code exp, but later on we'll get Chaldea Teatime (support Lunchtime) and Bella Lisa next year (support Mona Lisa).
It's possible to get the silver sparking to gold even if there isn't a silver servant of that class in the game. There's been several people getting silver Mooncancer sparkings when Summer BB came out.
2 different servants are better than 1 NP2 servant, so start saving for your next servant.
After you NP5 them, just burn the extra copies.
It's one roll per event, so you do your one 10-pull and then all the banners disappear.
The only costumes in the Mana Prism shop are ones that started there. The only costume that has returned after an event is Arthur's costume from CBC, and it is in the Rare Prism shop. So far, there's no telling when any of the costumes will return, and considering the amount of costumes that came before BB's, the wait could be quite a while.
His next banner should be around September with Gilfest.
Not for the forseeable future, her rerun was last year. It's possible her event will eventually go to the Main Interludes, but there's no telling when it'll happen.
More than 2 for the most part. So far the only welfare that has returned after a rerun is Santa Altera. Saber Lily was also added to the Friend Point gacha, but she's a special case.
Expected around July 4. We'll have Lostbelt 2 soon, then after 2 weeks or so the Anniversary should drop.
Sadly, no
That's not a bug or anything. Pretty much every singularity has a hidden free quest node you unlock for clearing another node. In this case, you need to clear the Soho free quest before Hyde Park appears.
No free servants for beating the lostbelts, instead you get a copy of a CE.
That's just RNG being RNG. He's in there, just got to keep trying.
The next event that requires late story completion is this year's new Halloween, which will require Lostbelt 2. You could do Lostbelt 1 now for the 10 SQ, or do the EoR for the story or to get the 10 SQ/Chapter immediately during the anniversary.
&gt;IIRC there is an ongoing campaign that gives out 10 SQ for every EoR chapter cleared and another 10 SQ for clearing LB1 before a certain date. The campaign is only for LB1. The 10 SQ per EoR chapter isn't here yet, it comes with the Anniversary and is a permanent addition.
That's the Guaranteed SSR, which comes around every Anniversary and New Years. You pay 15 Paid SQ (bonus SQ from buying does **not** count), and you do one 10-pull per event where one of the cards is guaranteed to be a 5\* servant.
An update with the 16m banner next year changes it from 1 to 2, as well as awarding SQ for every 10 strengthening done
You have to clear all the main quests in Anastasia
Just a correction, Gilfest is around September, not November
I'd personally wait for a 6th, there's been several times where I find myself using 2 2030s.
The Sakura Five alter egos are particuarly strong thanks to them being composite deities, but most importantly their id_es cheat Skills. Kingprotea could grow infinitely, but the laws of the world and counter force keep her in check outside of the Mooncell. She could grow so large she becomes a universe level threat, though her body will kind of self destuct before that happens. Meltryllis can absorb pretty much anything, even people's atributes. Most destructive is Passionlip though. With her Trash and Crash, she can compact anything that can fit in her hands from her point of view into a cube. Stick her on the moon and give her enough time, and she could turn the Earth into a cube. The downside is it takes time to do it, and quick servants can get out of her view and avoid it. Not to mention there's a nearly inescapable pocket dimension in her breasts. While they aren't in FGO: Violet's id_es is basically Za Warudo. Kazuradrop can consume the other Sakrua Five members and steal their skills.
The event won't be rerun, it was added during the CBC event, which gets a new version every year like Valentines or Nerofest. It's just that the commemoration campaign also added Arthur's costume to the RP shop.
You can clear the main story of events without apples, but to fully clear out the event shops you will need them.
If you can access the event at all, then you can get the welfare up to Np5. Events have a Challenge Quest locked behind Solomon completion, but that is purely optional and only awards a Lore. Some events have higher difficulty fights, sometimes that award NP copies, but those don't require higher story completion than the entrance requirement for the event.
For NA it'll return around late February next year. For JP it's gone.
She'll have some shared rate up time with Skadi during the Anniversary, afterwards she'll have a solo banner during the Summer Rerun. Incidentally, the Summer Rerun is another shot at her costume if you didn't get it last year, or a Rare Prism if you did get it.
&gt;!We're not going back in time, all the Lostbelts are present day. I believe the dates are when the Lostbelt diverged from proper history!&lt;
It only increases the Overcharge effect. Taking Merlin for example, increasing NP level increases HP healed while Overcharge increases stars generated. Using Devilish Bodhisattva on Merlin, it'd only increase his stars generated.
You can follow up to 3 people, and they don't have to accept you. Followed people always show up on your support list, but you can only use them for Part 1 Main Quests.
Orleans through Solomon. Shinjuku, Agartha, Shimosa, and Salem are Part 1.5. Ansastasia and Gotterdammerung are Part 2.
She'll drop with the Anniversary, expected around July 4th.
The only purpose is the Friend Point gacha.
We just got a 5\* ST Saber not too long ago in JP with Dioscuri. Plus there's Beni-enma coming with new years. In 4\*s we have Medb and Diarmund this year, and next year there will be welfare Hokusai. Saber Fran will also make her return. You have plenty of options regarding ST Sabers in NA, if you don't limit it to 5\*s.
Before maid Alter, Skadi should be here next week. Yes, this will be her last Rate up outside the GSSR November next year with a milestone banner Unlikely, that's 3 SSRs. You might get them both, but I'd hesitate on getting 2 Rider Alters. Of course, you could get them all, or you could get none of them. Adding in 2 more SSRs is *very* unlikely. You are aiming for 5 SSRs in the span of about a month. Even if you go for just Np1 each, that's still a lot to ask in such a short time. I wouldn't get my hopes up too much unless you are willing to open your wallet.
&gt;!They are different people, she's not the priestess!&lt;
No, the login increase happens when Skadi drops. Other than the maintance and anniversary SQ we already got, there won't be much more from now til Skadi, though Skadi does some with a bunch of free SQ.
It won't really matter if you get the 20 SQ before the anniversary. If you get it before, you'll just get the 10 SQ when it hits. If it's after, you just get the 30 SQ.
She'll hit super hard, but &gt;!he has bonus damage against divine, so she'll also take a lot of damage!&lt;
You'll get the 10 SQ when you get your next log in bonus
That comes with the upcoming Anniversary.
All 3 of the new CEs will join the permanent pool after the banner ends
No, that came in with the 4th Anniversary, so expect it then.
Aside from the 1 guaranteed 5\*, the other 9 cards follow the same rules as normal pulls, as in a 1% chance at a second 5\*, 3% chance at a 4\*. Since the extra class is so restricted, any 4\* you get will either be Lobo or Gorgon.
Theres 9 servants in the Caster GSSR. So you have a 2/9 chance at a desired servant, and a 1/9 chance at a dupe waver.
It is available, but only after you get the first clear bonus (the SQ for free quests or mana prisms for dailies).
If you want Skadi, whether for Gameplay or waifu, roll for her. Otherwise, if you want to roll for waifu/husbando and Skadi doesn't appeal to you, save for someone else. If you want to roll for gameplay, Skadi is worth chasing. The game isn't hard enough to need to roll for gameplay. In the meantime, roll the Friend Point gacha to get some 1-3\* servants.
Expected around July 4th
We should be getting the 3rd Anniversary along with Skadi next week. After that should be the Summer 2 rerun.
They are Story-Locked, so they are only in the Story Banner. They are a pain to get more copies as there's never a rate up for them, so you can't really get them anywhere outside of the story banner.
She's got a very good kit, great for your Quick focused servants but can help others. She's got Quick up and increased Quick card crit damage, Defense and Crit down for all enemies, and an awesome 50% targetable NP battery as her skills. Her NP provides increased crit damage and an evade, plus offers some damage cut. It's possible to use 2 Skadis to make certain servants NP 3 times in a row, and only need 1 CE, though these set ups are expensive.
We'll get the first Support Oriented CE (5% if you use your own, 15% if you use a support) with the Anniversary. It's not that great, as it will be a Mystic Code CE, we'll get a Bond point CE around November, and a QP one around February.
The banner will rotate between Sigurd, Brynhild, and shared between the 2. The entire banner will end on July 6, but tonight the banner will rotate, Sigurd will no longer be available and Bryn will take his place.
It's already translated and released, it's on steam as A Sky Full of Stars. It's all ages, though the team who did the fandisk may due a restoration patch eventually.
Next year with the Anniversary.
Yes, you need to get the Clear bonus (SQ for free quests, Mana Prisms for dailies) before you can auto repeat.
120 SQ and 5 tickets hoping for Valks while wishing for Bryn. After using my tickets and about 21 SQ in, Bryn comes home. Keep on rolling for Valks and I get a 3rd Kaleidoscope. On my last 30 SQ, do a 10-pull and Valks came home.
You need the code and the password you set when you issued the code. If you have both, you can simply do a Data Transfer and all will be well, otherwise you need to contact support.
[Link for JP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZQb6d6iT616BjCrCafVUyAmyulZq-IqbgCCszlJglJw/edit) [Link for NA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FU8UkUfgw4rgXbhOomt4Vqgg4Mk1UnuZp8dQM9K1EdY/edit) You'll need to answer a bunch of questions, follow the respective link. It could take a while for them to respond, I've heard of it taking a week but have no experience of my own.
It's a little up in the air. JP got another ticket last November (2021 for us), but it came with a Babylonia anime campaign, which we got earlier this year. We might not get another ticket next year, or we may get an additional ticket next year.
You'll receive your 10 SQ when you get your log in bonuses.
It's an additonal costume for clearing Chapter 5 of the Olympus Lostbelt.
It's still a thing, it's all tied to the Anniversary celebrations expected to hit either the 6th or 7th.
You get a special CE, then that servant just doens't get Bond points anymore. In November with the release of Lostbelt 3, we'll get special bond grails which can unlock Bonds 11-15, though you need a grail for each level. Each bond level above 10 gives 30 SQ.
The Setsubun event has not been rerun in JP so far. CBC and Gil/Nerofest get a different version every year, like Valentines. Otherwise expect every event to get rerun, though Quetzmas has not been rerun in JP for some odd reason.
No one knows besides DW, there was no real reason for it not to be rerun.
It's coming at the same time as Skadi
Next week, along with the Anniversary celebrations
[Here](https://grandorder.wiki/Fate/Grand_Order_Fes._2018_%EF%BD%9E3rd_Anniversary%EF%BD%9E#Guaranteed_SSR_Paid_Quartz_Summoning_Campaign) You pay 15 Paid SQ (bonus from buying does **not** count) and you can roll on one of the banners that are up. You will do a 10-pull like normal, and you are guaranteed to get at least 1 5\* servant. This anniversary's GSSR is divided by class including every SSR besides Skadi who gets released at the time, you pick one class to summon on and after your pull every banner will disappear. GSSR goes in a cycle of one giant pool, Knight vs Calvary, and Class based. Our new years GSSR will be a new cycle, it will be one giant pool featuring a guaranteed 5\* Limited servant. JP will start a new cycle with their anniversary.
We have our Anniversary a month earlier than JP, as we started earlier in the year than JP did, though they started 2 years before we opened, hence the 2 year content gap. With our earlier Anniversary, the first half of our year is rather jam packed so we don't lose important things before the Anniversary hits.
Yes, you need to completely clear Anastasia's story for the 10 SQ.
290 SQ
It's 8 separate banners this time, but you can only do 1 roll per event. You do your one 10-pull, then every banner disappears.
Ahh, in that case, no. You can't transfer servants at all, so you can't take the Bryn to your main.
Class Banner, a restricted pool is far better than a pool of every permanent plus story locked servant of that rarity. Who's the target?
It'd probably be best to roll during the Orleans banner during the Anniversary, you'd have rather decent odds of rolling her then, plus it's a shot at Skadi. If you can get them during the banner, you can then use a 4\* ticket (next one expected around November) to guarantee the NP2 upgrade.
We have our Anniversary a month earlier than JP, so some things around this time are shuffled around to accommodate for it. We'll have Rider Ishtar's rerun after the Anniversary celebrations.
Yes, they are both the same event, it's just split in half.
Only in JP, whenever they get another ticket. Astraea won't be here until next year, after we get our next ticket, she'll be on the next ticket after that, whenever that is.
Keep them around. You can stick them in the back for bond point farming, plus you can eventually raise them for Strenghtenings/Interludes. We'll eventually get SQ for every 10 strenghtenings/interludes you do. Don't dispose of your only copy of a servant, if nothing else just keep them around. If you have them at NP5, go ahead and burn any extra copies you get.
