„Usually I don’t like X but you...“ Not neccessarily an insult itself but the stupidity of it sure is insulting to anyone intelligencey
So we would have Rimuru as a voice of reason who shares Ainz’ idea of a nation where all races can coexist and Tanya buddying up with Demiurge to score enough good girl points to live an easy life. Idk who the guy in the middle is though.
Instantly throwing in a hashtag into a convo is kind of silly and cringy...
Why wouldn’t it be okay?
Trust me, there is not much need to be jealous, a semi functional family is still pretty shitty once you get used to it and a fully functional one is just another nice thing since you’re, again, used to it. Doesnt mean you don’t apreciate it, it just gets mundane. So you don’t gave have to bee too negative about it, it’s not this amazing thing that you’re missing out on Hope this helped
Im like 6’5 or whatever (however much 197cm is) I would find it absolutely hilarious and adorable Which I guess would be a bit of an issue in a relationship.... i kinda get it
Im actually the exact opposite, my mum wasnt too horrible (still kind of a bitch and definitely a narcissist now that I look back at all her reactions and all the bad shit she did) but she was never one for physical contact, unlike my dad who would always cuddle with me and my brother (though he spent a majority of my childhood far away at work) and to this day (Im 22) he is a big hugger and gets really happy about it whenever I greet him. And it rubbed off on me, I actually kinda cringe when I CANT hug people. Besides, hugging is one of the few ways Im able to express affection so I do it a lot and MANY people get annoyed and upset about it.
My next glass will definitely be raised in honor of you and your dad for going through this and staying strong. Best wishes for your future life!
Jesus that ratio....
Not to mention they are in desperate need of an update that will never come because politics... would it have been so difficult to ban all weapons of mass destruction? Id rather take a world war 3 with conventional weapons over the sheer CHANCE of complete nuclear anihilation, you know the whole killing millions to save billions thing, I think it was from Watchmen? Or Star Trek?
The game difficulty is really awkward Everything is piss easy, then Anjy haunts your dreams, then everything is piss easy, then pink rathian absolutely fucks you over, then everything is piss easy, then the double bagely murder your family and make you watch, then it actually gets challenging, then tempered kirin shits on absolutely everything you ever loved
Every childrens trading card game anime movie ever.
I do find ice wyvern and rock drake eggs, just no alphas at all even though I spawned some in to make them drop.
Okay so that’s for mutations as a variable, my concern lies with the stat changes that a mutation brings. If I get a male and female with the same mutations their offspring is going to have both of their mutations but is it going to have double the stat increase?
So my 33/20 can not mutate any further and because I basically didn’t add new mutations since 5/20 or so I still have the stat increae from the 5/20 and I just kept adding the mutation score by inbreeding without actually adding more stat increases?
You can breed bosses in the mod?? Do I need something special for that? I don’t recall seeing “enable wandering to mate” on my gorrilas. Or did you mean something else? Also since this sub is pretty dead can I just ask you a bunch more questions if you feel like writing out answers? Because I sometimes struggle to find info on the mods wiki.
I think I didn’t express myself correctly, that’s what I meant, a mutation changes the stats so the baby inherits the improved stats, thank you for the confirmation :)
Do unto others as you would like to have them do unto you. A fundamental rule of morality and survival yet everyone kicks it in the dirt at the first chance.
People demonise their political opposition so much, to them every right winger must hate gay people, every left winger must be a communist.
So it’s basically anarchy? :(
I did totally forget the children of the night and other such races, youre right. I definitely change my oppinion towards simply: it had to be activated/created by something on earth within a past where no signifficant continentary drifts occcured (eg. the coliding of india with asia 50 million years ago) &amp;#x200B;
Literally every religion is fucked up beyond reason, yet the Westboro baptist church is a ridiculed minority in the US, in Saudi arabia people like that run the country. (I wanna add that personally I think all religion is vile because it is so ridiculously easy to use it to spread hate and we don’t need any of it)
You can also twist it any way you want, if germany had won the war we would be reminded that american soldiers assaulted thousands of women in britain and that the hypocritical allied nations themselves were racists too. The USSR is at least somewhat demonised for communism.
Agreed, humans are already so succesfull because we care for our young until they are completely independant, what’s so fucking wrong with staying with your parents til 20 or 22 if you don’t have a partner and wanna focus on your job/education anyway?
I absolutely feel you, while I never went as far as genuinely planning for suicide I did let it go through my head a lot when I was in a really depressed phase. I feel the exact same, it’s so incredibly selfish towards a loving family or friends to kill yourself instead of seeking help, and that was the only reason I knew I could absolutely never do it. And yet whenever I hear about methods to talk someone out of suicide they ALL say NOT to guilt the person into considering their family and loved ones, what the fuck? Does that mean those people are just selfish assholes or what?
Every time I read about things like this Im glad I never play without boosted rates.... jesus fucking christ
Are you sure the file validation succeeded? Maybe you just started the game up before the files managed to he reaquired, have you tried doing two validations in a row? Maybe you just didn’t give steam time to actually download the files, because it did say unknown file at the bottom. (I used to have a ton of problems like theye as well and since I got an SSD where it is relatively quick to validate the files it’s been a breeze to just do that after every crash where it would always find missing files)
Devilishly brilliant!
How viable of a tactic is it to set ambushes with hundrets of imprinted, stat mutaation bred and fully into attack levelled dodos just on ways that people may pass? Or even as a defense line for your base?
It’s almost as if we should treat all as evil and not pick and choose like we are forced to every day, same shit with Trump and Clinton, oh excuse me sir, do you want HIV or AIDS?
Good that you made the right choice! I hope you can stay this strong in the future!
Then I don’t know :/ really sorry
Yeah but Id very much like the right to tell these people that they are fucking retarded pieces of shit, which I wouldn’t be allowed to do because they would just sue me because “boohoo mean words”
“There was som Hitler joke” GRADE FUCKING A RESEARCH, ARGUMENT AND PROOF RIGHT HERE GUYS!!!
&gt;not skyrim I am dissapoint
Why am I only finding out about this a week later? Damn Am I the only one who literally dismissed the video as another one of Noobs blown out of proportion bullshit lifehack level guides? Like how he basically calls every other melee god tier because it works in the simulacrum and can instakill under very specific circumstances with meme strike while being borderline uselsss in actual missions. I didn’t even finish the thing, when I noticed that it takes you a khora that is at least level 5 every time you wanna do it I dismissed it, that’s not a real exploit, that’s a waste of time. If you wanna spend a forma and 5 minutes leveling a frame every time you need to level some weapons like the biggest tool then by all means, Id say go ahead. I do think advocating an exploit is one of the dumbest things you can do and it warrants a ban but maybe just for a year or two, while he did fuck up tremendously Im sure he regrets it now and he was after all very invested in the game.
I find it extremely difficult to believe this. So many people are getting accused of hate speech with actual consequences and you wanna tell me that all of that was actually illegal? And even if america is an exception in germany specifically you very much can and will get sued over what you say if someone has a sufficiently long stick up their ass.
Germany
No My logic is “you’re a retarded inbred piece of shit and that’s the closest I can get to assaulting you non physically because you deserve it” there is no need to argue with people who are this far gone
Yeah but the problem is that one hate speech is completely ignored, how did the media react to all those people calling for the genocide of white men? They didn’t do anything. Id like a levelled playing field, where you call out others on their bullshit and sway peoples opinions by reavealing the truth, not this fake bullshit we got going on right now.
There is a difference between it not being wrong and not being incest, it is kinda wrong from a family relations point depending again heavily on circumstance. You can not even put a general statement on this, actually I am wrong, it is neither wrong nor right until you know more about context. Unless you and your partners parents randomly or out of spite decide to get married.
It’s gotten to the point where so many of them defend themselves with “but those aren’t real feminists, Im different” that even I myself started to call them fake feminists, because so few of them adhere to the dictionary definition anymore....
The eyes make it perfect, I imagine they started filming a shady figure running along the road?
Okay but why does the baby look like she just pressed out a bunched up grey cloth from her vagina?
That’s why I don’t even bother with randoms anymore, it’s like they didn’t see a barrelbomb or a sleeping monster in their whole time of reaching HR 70.... I specifically made shoutouts that say “IM PUTTING IT TO SLEEP, STOP ATTACKING” and “ITS SLEEPING, DONT ATTACK!!” that are always ignored. If it was the GS user I wouldn’t say a thing but it’s always the DB edgelord or je’suis monté that does it...
And this is why the progression in this game is BS, every hunt is handed to you on a silver platter so toddlers can finish it up until the elder dragons where idiots cart everyone who joins them...
Ever since I got into the game properly I just cringe so hard at the shit they do there... with everything possible you would imagine the writers could have come up wit legitimate situations that were just as a badass and dramatic... Imagine how sick it would have been if the Vrains MC (only watched a single episode of it, didn’t even remember anyones names) broke the extra link in that one episode by pulling out Ra-Sphere mode
Turns out the Emperor was Ainz Ooal Gown in disguise all along... As expected of our glorious overlord
I see, but usually in all footage I have seen newborns are pink or red, not this very sickly grey :/
Lego I wish I was born in a Lego factory/Store For obvious reasons
The carting isn’t the problem, that way you would punish someone dying due to RNG way too much (getting combo KOd by a monster that targeted you 27 times in a row for example) The problem is that people can just be carried without thinking for themselves, or even play through the game themselves without thinking, the difficulty shouldn’t spike as crazily as it does and should instead increase gradually.
Daaamn didn’t expect that I heard about the APGAR score but I was sure if a baby is grey it would kinda fail it and also didn’t know it was administeref ag five minutes, thanks for the informative replies
Eugenics is still less trashy than science denial tbh
No, murdering half the population is a senseless massacre that doesnt do any good to anyone, letting those who are resistant to infections live is eugenics and is actually way more logical than slaughtering half the population.
I didn’t even have to read past the first few lines, I don’t wanna experience that cringe for myself and my heart goes out to you for surviving it...
Yeah Im personally more into the whole fertilisation thing rather than the actual birth, kinda scares me as a man haha
It also doesnt have frills or spit anything at you. A lot of stuff is more jurassic park related than actually scientiffic, except for most sizes of dinosaurs which is actually why I love the game, it finally puts things into perspective for me to see
Wait they genuinely believe he is racist on that sub??? [edit] JESUS CHRIST the sub literally has “all white people are racist” as a linned post.
How did this get 8K so easily what the fuck? My best was 1.1 and got removed for being too popular of an opinion...
Is it just me or did this fucker open his yoghurt by cutting open the bottom? There on the left, anyone see it?
I think it’s more that these people have a very basic/simplistic sense of attraction, which means they are attracted to the most masculine/feminine people they can find. And people who are only enforcing the stereotype of their gender and have nothing else going for them are usually the kind of people who will cheat on you or treat you like shit. So basically they want the worst of normies and unironically get fucked over by chads and stacies.
Idk if the majority of humanity is just so fucking inferior to everyone I know but all this “men do X” “women do Y” bullshit I read is not true at all for anyone Ive met except the worst of assholes, people who are hated by everyone I like are like that, how the fuck can they be the majority?
This isn’t even that wrong, if you specifically want a partner to be your house maid you’re a spoiled little shit kid, not a man. A real man/woman can do any simple housework so that you can adapt to what you need to do at the moment.
Except the fact that this isn’t historically accurate what’s so bad about this? I heard the romans used to crush the testicles of rapists between two giant stones. Perfectly justified for such a crime if there is enough evidence.
I can’t believe you’re getting downvoted, fuck, I was afraid this sub was infested by neckbeards but god dammit I didn’t expect to be proven right so soon...
Are YOU being sarcastic right now?
My only issue with this is that it’s taught to kindergardeners in this picture, which is fucked up. Leave sex-ed for grade school.
No, no they are not. The left in the US is just as retarded as the right when it comes to “facts” so the only thing left to judge is their inferior memes.
Actually it did, you are uneducated, the allies were still racist as hell back then and so were the soviets. You do know how much fucking support Hitler had for hating the jews?? WWII wasnt a fight against racism, it was a fight against a power that may have threatened the others if it was left unchecked.
Oh yeah, then we can just change the definition to all white people are racist and kill them all, right???? Fucking idiots
In the way that you questioned the incredible 200000 IQ genius of our gender non binary friend here I guess. You know the saying “you can’t explain to an idiot that he is an idiot” ? I think this applies to this person here, they will take even you questioning them as a sign that they are superior.
What does this even mean? Is it implying that you shouldn’t abort because your hypothetical son may become a future police officer?
No I think it means “just because Im the biological father doesnt mean Im the biological father” because that’s a statement as retarded as the rest of them.
So you can weigh 200Kg, have a penis, have an IQ of 50 and be an intelligent fit woman?
Funny you should say that considering that you seem like the type of person that would claim women and minorities in the west are opressed yet they have the exact same rights.
Except that you can freely switch the sides because both believe in bad and good things, because unlike you centrists don’t fucking sort people into pre made boxes, instead you are ALL just inferior trash before the CHAD CENTRIST!!!!
Notice how I said MOST and NOT all for this exact reason?
Working smart is one thing, getting excused because you ALLEGEDLY work hard is another. I don’t have a problem with people working smart if they don’t lie about how they treat others like shit, my issue lies with people excusing people who work smart by saying they work hard.
How does a mystical creature made from smoked pork and a nod to a sexual position equate to me being a cuck? Is this is a woosh thing?
Well as long as they aren’t saying or being defended as having worked hard for it then that’s fine, my problem lies more with the blatant lies and hypocrisy of our economy.
Spoken out it may be unpopular but everyone in business seems to live by exactly that, as long as it’s legal nobody cares.
The fact that I get called out by both libtards and trumptards only from america kinda doesnt help your point...
You can not work hard at the same time as shamelessly exploiting your underlings and gaining only from their abuse. I assume you meant something like someone spending a lot of time and effort to build a company and can now relax and let others handle the work while everyone is paid fairly except for the CEO who of course gets the lions share for being the boss. This is fine, because it’s not someone lying about working hard nor is it someone who exploits others.
Nonono, that’s not something you’re allowed to say!!! Ambiguity scares these people! And what scares them must be an evil commie! Try saying “capitalism is the best system we go but that doesnt mean it isn’t shitty” and watch the internet implode into callint you a nazi commie libtard cuck anarchist
I am only 22, I havent even started achieving anything, Im just fucking pissed when I hear somebody defend a heartless businessman who has done less days of honest work than even I did by saying “he works hard to he deserves it” even though all he does is be a fucking selfish cunt while I get told off by everyone for the slightest hint of egoism.
Im not sure if this was meant as a joke and I really don’t want to insult you or anything but the way you worded it makes it look like you’re (and I really hope Im wrong) an extremely dismissive and selfish person that lacks empathy and care for others and thinks as long as rules are bent and not broken everything is fair game. Like I said I hope I just got this the wrong way because I see people defending this despicable greedy selfishness as if every attempt to be a decent human being makes you a fucking commie so Im really sincerely sorry if I overreacted over your comment.
Listen here, just because I criticize one aspect of the free market doesnt mean I don’t apreciate it at all! Should I not be able to criticize my arrogant bitch of a mother because she gave birth to me? Fuck no! And just like that I think that too much freedom leads to fucking anarchy in the market, starting by actually promoting inhuman egoism and exploitation in the economy.
And chemotherapy is the best antidote for cancer, it still makes you go fucking bald and we expect to find something better, why is everyone so complacent about capitalism? Or right because if you dare criticize it you’re a filthy fucking commie.
How the fuck is this a conclusion you can come to from my post?
Im 22 and an unmarried student, the only thing Im bitter about is that I do occasionally work hard and honestly and some rich fuck who is a heartless inhuman piece of shit gets praise and money from society. Also holy fucking shit, making light of someones relationship falling appart is pretty fucked up.
Most of them are the fucking same, you can’t get to anywhere in life if you act like a good person. At least that’s what I see when I look into big CEOs and politicians, nothing but bad people, arrogant and selfish scumbags that don’t deserve any of their wealth. What exactly about this attitude? Demonizing the higher ups? A negative outlook on the economy? Being sure that the world is full of cutthroats that would sell out their own mother into sex slavery if only they could get another million to add to their collection? I have no problem with working hard (well except that it’s hard obviously but you get used to it) as long as Im rewarded for it, at least with apreciation from the one Im doing it for. My life is already full of anger directed at everyone including myself, do you have any idea how it feels to feel bad because you get told off for being arrogant and selfish even though all you do in your life is to try and be good to others, then you start to think badly of yourself so you try even harder to be a good person, an honest and just person, then you realise that is all for nothing because people still call you arrogant and selfish at the slightest whim of not kissing their boots, meanwhile you see every fucking politician on earth (except the king of Bhutan, that guy is actually nice) and 90% of all big CEOs being an abusive fuck who does nothing but seemingly revel in the suffering of their people/employees and just does anything possible to prolong that suffering and distract them with petty politics so they can suck out all the wealth and power possible just for their own selfish gain, and then when you are fed up and realise your probably autistic ass would at least be a good person who wouldn’t treat everyone like shit be told that you lack experience and whatnot. You don’t need experience to be a good person, to be a just person, to be an honest person, all you need is to not be a cunt and it is making me fucking livid to be absolutely powerless against everything thrown my way by these people, even if it’s just my fucking ice cream costing more over the years, all the while knowing that if clones of me would replace the worlds leaders today, we would have world peace by tomorrow because I, even though I fucking hate myself and am far from being the best, am 1000 times the better human being than any of them are.
Yeah my point was more about people that DONT put in hard work but still get treated as if they do, if someone works their ass off (even if its just a few days a week like in your example) or does something incredibly complicated like a brain surgeon they definitely deserve their wealth, my beef lies with politicians and rich CEOs that basically get paid for fucking people over and then have the audacity to claim that that is justified.
The CEO of any of those ridiculously big companies like Nestle, or nearly any politician currently leading a country.
The fact that you somehow took from this that I think you’re a liberal shows me you’re overreacting just like me, I only said both liberals and right wingers are fucking retarded, you instantly take it as an accusation... Strong right winger you are? I guess?
No no no no you fucking red scare motherfucker, when did I fucking say I expect something so CLEARLY as you say??? My god, anyone who doesnt worship capitalism as the ultimate good of humanity is a communist to you fucking yanks fuck me. The people who act like the world owes them something are those jackasses sitting in presidential chairs or in CEO meeting rooms for Nestle, P&amp;G, Coca Cola and others.
Seriously? Aw nice :D
Because you said right away that I think the world owes me something which I fucking didn’t
Why?
No you’re all the fucking same radical dipshits that don’t have basic human decency or understanding of logic and are hypocritical beyond belief.
So you say it’s good to allow people the freedom to take others freedom away and just soak in their own shitty opinion juice?
Yeah but doing your job and not being a cunt about it are very different things, they increase the value of their company by coming up with every increasingly scummy ways to fuck over everyone and take money. Just look at the diesel scandal from Volkswagen and Mercedes, or how the literal banana republics came to be. NOT ALL are terrible, but most of them are so out of touch with morality and humanity that I have nothing but contempt for them.
Well Ive seen quite the opposite, most people Ive seen either don’t care or actively go out of their way to enrich themselves upon the sufferin of others or even just revel in it. And looking at exploitative consumerism and politics I have no reason to change my mind, just look at Trump, the most powerful man on earth is a fucking retard, and his alternative? Clinton is a two faced snake that changes her opinion with the polls. Comparing them to Hitler is a fucking insult, at least that fucktard stood by his crazy radical ideas and didn’t change his mind through the day with twitter posts like Trump. How is me hating myself affecting my opinion of others? Except that I hate them even more if they are worse than me because clearly if they are worse than me they must be the absolute fucking worst. Doesnt change the fact that Im the better person.
Fuck off, if every politician in the world thought like me for just a day we would have world peace by the end of the week. All you need to do is not be a cunt for 5 seconds and somehow nobody can do that.
Liberals call everyone right of them a nazi, that’s pretty fucking radical. Who or what is Rojava? What should I google for?
For example: Less stress on the body (in economy terms less pressure to gain more money), cheaper therapy (in economy terms a cheaper health care and free education) things like that. Specifically I think we could come up with a system that promotes altruism instead of blind selfishness and exploitation.
Okay that is actually a valid reason, but how often is that realistically gonna be the case? Most people who search for such things are probably just spoiled little kids after all.
Fair enough then we simply disagree on how free speech should be implemented. I think people from shitty places with shitty opinions should be forced to move to a place where there is differing opinions so that they are challenged.
I said most not all, and how is my opinion on rich people indicative of a fucking political system? So to apreciate capitalism I need to not ever criticize it or any of the people that abuse it??? Yeah and those children who hate their narc parents are so fucking ungrateful according to your logic, aren’t they?
Hey Ive had people in this thread call me a socialist for criticizing rich people, it’s hard not to get jumpy about accusations.
Well I still only said most, not all. Yeah Bill gates, the guy who donated half his wealth to charity, surely not to escape taxes or anything like that.... Okay fine, lets say it’s not most that are bad, that still leaves the biggest ones as te bad ones, and looking at how much shit is owned by mega companies like coca cola or nestle that basically covers two thirds of the worlds companies by proxy. Not to mention politicians fall into the rich cunt category as well and I think it’s hard to argue that there are more good than bad ones out there looking at how easy it would be to solve our worlds issues.
Well thank you for not calling me a fucking socialist or rabidly defending the actions of corrupt and scummy businessss. WE do, yes, but what about that farmer from Nicaragua or that kid in India who don’t even have the chance to look for a new job or they would get fired and lose the families only income? Some companies pay their workers less than a fraction of the price of the finished product so they can make a 4000% profit on it while the people barely cling on to life thanks to that gracious dollar they get for a day of hard work while the CEO who came up with the idea gets thousands just for being a piece of shit. And yes becoming your own boss is a great thing that we can do here in richer countries, though it is still incredibly difficult depending on what your actual job is. And I am definitely going to respect anyone who works their way up from the bottom, however if they become what they ran away from in the first place and start treating their employees like shit then they are just as horrible if not worse people than their original boss.
Wildcard: It’s Ark, but better :^)
I think this is a Nodachi, they were used for dick meassuring.
Do you ever think about how not only are japanese people shorter on average than europeans today but people in the middle ages were all shorter? So as a relatively tall european sent back to feudal japan you would be a giant and if you rode in wielding one of these bad boys you would conquer all of japan for your warlord by sheer psychological warfare and he would reward you with tons of land and a sweet castle and his daughter as a really nice waifu who will be all over you because you’re literally the greatest warrior of the time. Why isn’t this an anime plot? Im claiming this right now, I expected credit and 2% of the earnings from whoever writes “That tall dude and his long sword” Also the sword neeeds to he named Shlong. I know this probably isn’t how any of this works but I just thought it was funny and wanted to share my ramblings and hope people who read this at least giggle a little.
Yeah except that rich people got there because of their actions, something they can be held accountable for, nobody is fucking accountable for their skin colour. If I say "Almost all rich people are fucking scum" that still denotes a group based on their actions, you chose to act a certain way to become richer, mostly an imoral way, and if you wanna say that this is bigoted then Idk what to tell you except youre completely wrong if I go by logic.
Glad we can come to an understanding, genuinely was beggining to feel like either me or the rest of these people are the idiot. Merry whatever the hell to you too &lt;3
Thank you for this intelligent discussion.
Oh so presuming things according to what I see and am told is now wrong? Yeah you’re right it’s so bigoted to assume people from france speak french! I only heard about it and have seen it through media! Thanks, I felt like somehing wasnt right with that spelling. And how is that different from me? I don’t judge ALL rich people, I just KNOW that MOST of them are scum.
Hey Idk how much this helps but I think you picked a really cool username :)
At least the mods live up to the name of the sub perfectly.
And you’re ignoring arguments just like any overly sensitive american. “That’s exactly what this group I hate would say” yeah great fucking argument, good day is something a nazi would say too, you fucking nazi! You are just proving your own point in your own mind by your own reasoning.
After reinstalling the only mod I had enabled was coloured buttons, before that it was coloured buttons and a few map mods like filled in military arrows and better political map.
Nope, also it randomly just fixed itself...
To be fair after 5 bad experienced chances are either everyone is bad or you’re so unlucky that it doesnt even matter.
Really the ;RE adaption was so much better than the one for the first story, it was really beautiful and iirc they didnt skip or mix around too much, especially seeing the ending that felt still so close to oneself was really something... Though it did remind me of one thing, didnt we see Rize in some container being taken care of by Yomo at some point?
Blockbuster not buying Netflix when they had the chance.
So what was that Rize exactly? I always assumed she was dead and her conciousness manifested in Kaneki, crystalising into form when he let go of his regrets and grew in the dragon. Was that her actual body regenerated after the events of the beggining? Was that were the doctor got his base samples from?
Maybe should have added an unironically in there, definitely a compliment.
Second comment about autism I agree with most things here I had a suspicion Im genuinely autistic Oh well....
For some reason I imediately started thinking about that meme: Attention all SCP personell, the GOC is out and about trying to ruin christmas, only YOU can save it! All you need to do is tell me your superiors clearance card access code.
I think people just hate south america because it causes lags.
Dont kink shame me
(Wo)Man of culture right here
Tomie and Gyo exist in physical form? Gotta check out my store for this...
Nagatoro bullying me and me alone is the expression of love my autistic ass needs but will never get...
And then proceeds to mark her territory by bullying him. It is the most beautiful fantasy a masochist could wish for.
Oh so I mixed up what happened in the anime and the manga and got it all lost, thanks a lot for the explanation :)
A real mom is someone who loves her kid, not someone who pops them out and treats them like shit! She is your real mom :)
Not really a nicegirl though, just a fucking stuck up bitch from the start.
Im a procrastrinating eningeering student so I would probably become a Nurgle worshipper dark tech adept by accident.
9 infinty stones?
Im as hype as Catro about milk now.
exurb1a I don’t know what to say really, he makes videos that are humorous and extremely thought provoking, the only youtube videos I have cried over were his.
But they don’t just ban anti-Trump people, they ban everyone who doesnt openly support him.
I asked for a discussion to see what everything was about and opened with saying I don’t suppprt him but I would like to know if I should, and since I asked for a DISCUSSION, and didn’t show BLIND OBEDIENCE TO OVERDADDY TRUMP I was banned and redirected to asktheDonald where I was BANNED AGAIN for the same fucking thing. Way to show you’re open and not like the classic stereotypicla conservative...
&gt;well, I am an American What a coincidence... How is what I am doing any of those things? Forgove me for not being as versed in the english language as a native speaker but as far as I am aware what I said was neither chest thumping, biggoted nor virtue signaling. Like for example? If Ive said these things then please point me to them, because as far as I am aware I know for a fact that I am only bigoted towards 2 things: US-Americans and Croats, neither of which were (except my jab at you earlier) mentioned in this conversation unless I completely forgot because I didn’t bother rereading just now. Here you go again, if you really think I can’t be proben anything then why don’t you just stop? What YOU are doing now is virtue signaling afaik.
Good, he isn’t the type of people that this post is against.
How many guys have said this to you and how many have you actually tried to talk with? You could just be unlucky. The only thing I find intimidating about a girl is getting cold about things when you’re angry, I would rather be attacked with a knfe than get the silent treatment or a cold hearted talk. Either that or you really are just unlucky and people around you feel like you’re too pretty for them. Personal relationships are something on such a smal and unique scale that you can never be sure and should never exclude the possibility of it genuinely just being a coincidence, for example: in the last 2 years I have lost 4 of my best friends because they all overreacted after bottling up little issues about me instead of talking to me, then rage quit their relationship with me (without me knowing what the fuck I did wrong except that one last time I saw them where I did nothing particularly bad) and after I told a psychologist how it happened she said I either somehow attract complicated people or just got unlucky. Considering I only met about 10 people in the last 2 years that I got somewhat closer with it’s not far fetched to think it was just a coincidence. OR you’re actually intimidating because you’re ever so slightly sadistic, violent, swear and drink a lot , eat your steak bloody and have a horrible dark sense of humor, in which case please call me
I was banned for a post where I wanted to aks people for their opinion and was banned because I said Im not a Trump supporter (I didnt insult Trump, I just wanted to know why people are supporting him and what good they can say about him), I was redirected to asktheDonald where I was met with incredibly hostility for just asking the same and called some insulting variation of liberal (even though Im not a liberal) You have browsed the sub, where people who are banned can’t come back to tell their side of the story, and if the bans are as “reasonable” as the content of the sub (which was a dark hole of conservative, right wing, christian propaganda last time I looked) then yeah, it was reasonable, but not reasonably by any reasonable humans standarts.
Just said “only for Trump supporters” when I got banned from thedonald, and when I was banned from askthedonald the reason was baiting or trolling or some far fetched shit to justify getting rid of opinions they don’t like...
Oh yeah because every little bit of bigotry, no matter how justified through 12 years of living in a shithole full of familial abuse and bullying at school or the media and personal experience showing me people are just greedy selfish sacks of shit makes me a bad person.... Yet again you keep avoiding the fucking questions, like you people always do while trying to manipulate others into thinking you’re right -.- fucking pathetic
I guess this is oddly specific but, I wanna try a dual stick setup, but the only ones I have cheaply available would be two logitech extreme 3Ds, is there software for those that lets me assign them in a way to use 2 at once? Or do I absolutely need two different sticks/sticks that are more cusomisable with their software?
Im new to the game, what is this? Trading in ships?
Just like this for free? For how long? Does this happen often?
Awesome, thanks!!
NTA, obviously, the fact that you even consider that you could have POSSIBLY acted too harshly shows how much of a good person you are
I thought the chunkdupe was patched? How to get that to work on a vanilla server?
Tax deducted at source?
Could lag be an issue? I saw a video that said you need a total of 43 books, I did that and it worked in my singleplayer but not the server my friend is hosting.
I disagree, TDS is a baseless hate that impairs your judgement, my hate is a RESULT of my judgement. You know I was actually almost happy when he won, I thought it would be funny and surey can’t be as bad as hillary. But the years have shown that trump is the worst of american stereotypes, ignorant, selfish, arrogant and greedy. As such my hate of him (which btw is purely personal, I have no reason to hate him just because he is the president, I just think that he is a despicable waste of oxygen unworthy of life because he is shit AS A HUMAN BEING) is justified for me. Sure the fact that he can spread his ignorance because he is the president rustles my jimmies but I wouldn’t hate him any less if he were just a homeless man. Can you agree with that?
Yeah but still... to invoke goodwins law a little quickly here Im pretty sure hitler knew genocide was a pretty terrible thing to do too.
But it really do be like that... why is this killing reddit?
My dad recently showed me his calculations on how much he spent on my diapers and also elaborated on that one time I shat on his head. I think babies are worse than tapeworms....
I really hope that’s not sarcasm so Im gonna say great!
I heard YenPres’ NGNL was “absolute fucking turbo cancer” is the OL translation actually good?
Ikr it’s almost as if the great democracies of the world are just hypocrites who base their moral superiority purely on their victory in the world wars.
I have a better suggestion: when the execution scene comes knock your friend out and strap a VR headset onto them, then wait for them to wake up and begin their skyrim journey immersively.
you found porn on tumblr? Congrats, 2 great achievements in one night!
I meant that she isnt missing anything, she is wearing a full set of clothes, a shirt, trousers, and what I can only assume to be at least some form of undergarment.
I can raise you one more For Harry Potter parts 6 and 7 I straight up jumped to random parts near the end of the book. I read a few pages and went back. I can’t fathom how or why I did this but it apparently worked well because I ended up rereading all 7 books 3 times in a row because of that.
As a filthy casual I am very torn on the fact that lots of banned cards benefitted both my bricky rouge trash deck and also made OP meta bullshit even more OP. I just wish there was a banlist exception for trash decks.... imagine if your lowly dragon deck was allowed to use ancient fairy dragon, summon sorc and no95 again together with soul charge...
Slowly but surely Im being left with less and less slots for T-dolls because I wanna keep one of each, how do I stop this oncoming feeling of dread that I will have to get rid of some of the worse ones even though they are high level and cute?
Kalina is a filthy capitalist! Im not giving away my beautifully crafter german and soviet waifus so she can exploit the proletariat and poison humanity!
Because in australia the government isn’t a bunch of corrupt warmongers, you can choose abortions, you aren’t weighed down by student loans or tip culture that actively discourages people from going into higher education.
Everyone: you can’t call Trump retarded, he managed to become president Trump: they don’t do the responsibility Finally I have the proof I need to justify my language towards him
Most germans would accept nahir if he spoke and dressef like a german but nooo that makes me a nazi...
Beautiful how effectively our boys in white take care of that rebel scum!
Im not gonna accept someone who refuses to learn the local language and holds onto their foreign culture, integrate or GTFO, Im not gonna go live in egypt and spend the rest of my life bithing about the lack of proper bratwurst.
Lmfao didn’t even notice
Oh yeah, the freedom to actually fucking LIVE if you get a little disease
I recommend a youtube channel called Kraut and Tea, really eye opening stuff backed up by actual sources. I forgot which one it was but he also showed sources that list muslim countried acceptance of homosexuality, in the majority of them over 90% of the people questioned think gays should be killed. If that’s any indication we can rightfully assume that a majority of muslims supports radical ideas, and even if that wasnt the case there are MILLIONS of muslims out there, if just a quarter of those support sharia law that’s also millions, millions of problems.
Gaming. Nothing else...
NG+ is a kick in the gut the first time, Id recommend getting all the bosses you can while they are easy, NG+1-2 is no big difference on the other hand.
In TNO germany is channeling the 40K imperium and I bet their light tanks are the size and weight of tigers.
Wait the japanese win the pacific war in TNO??
You might wanna look into Long Long Man, this is actually the second best commercial that exists.
&gt;horst &gt;she Lmfao, fucking brilliant!!!!!
To be fair that 13 year old dresses and poses like an 18 yo on her birthday, that is an issue that Ive noticed with society recently.
From experience: eastern europe From what Ive heard: latin america So that’s already two huge areas, the girl does look eastern european though
Ah yes, after so many years of getting fucked by elder dragons it is our turn now....
Finally playing a childrens trading card game is worth it. Damn that looks sick
Every now and again I think politicians just wanna play a really sick joke because I find it more acceptable that someone has a cruel sense of humor than someone being so stupid. Does anyone have a theory about what their thought process was? Because I can’t fathom any...
HOW??????
It’s sad how everyone is trying to not offend others so hard but when you ask around almost no one actually gets offended, we were sold this fake lie based upon fake outrage. Thanks a fucking lot america for importing your bullshit over here....
Less than 4% that made violent crimes skyrocket a dozenfold. Europe isn’t doomed, but europe is gonna be pretty fucked if people don’t stop being retarded and actually think instead of claiming either nothing is wrong or europe is doomed.
Yeah except black people didn’t boost swedens rape cases per year by 1000% Fear mongering is just as bad as ignoring the situation, the fact is that german is being raped by political correctness and a shitty attitude that resulted from 70 years of guilt tripping an entire fucking nation for a genocide that a bunch of hypocritical mass murdering colonialist powers decided is now the worst of all time.
Free healthcare in america? What does that entail? The illegals get free coughing syrup? Lmfao Seriously though afaik US healthcare is fucking bullshit, what exactly does that actually cover?
This made me really really happy. I hope you’re doing great and find someone who treats you well, keep being you, you magnificent bitch!
&gt;its not the same Right back at you Being against bad immigration is not being racist, or even against immigration in general. I never said it was okay to judge people based on their race. Fear of not being politically correct is also a fear used to control us. Idk about most rapes being commited by swedes or how that works into it, maybe I read some wrong articles or whatever, I really hope you’re right. But what I meant was that if usually 10 rapes happen per year and suddenly it’s up to 100 then that is 1000% and afaik that was the reason of such inflated numbers. Which perfectly feeds into my argument, in fact 2 rapes per year going to 20 for a 1000% increase would be an even better argument, because it shows that it’s the CULTURE and LIFESTYLE of those who DONT want to integrate that is wrong. To give a direct example or why Im against unchecked mass immigration of ungrateful sons of bitches: My grandfather came to germany as an immigrant and he was a fucking piece of shit, he barely learned 5 words and suckled on free healthcare in his old age while annying everyone and hitting his wife, who did her best to integrate, made friends, learned the language at least enough to talk and worked longer than he did. Even though he is the only reason I live here now Id be the first to say that shitbags like him don’t deserve what this generous country offers them. Im not sure how long you’ve lived in germany but for me it’s been just a total of 10 years, 6 as a kid and 4 after moving back here from croatia, a slav shithole, which is a big part of the problem when it comes to unchecked immigration. Did you know slavs make up a vast majority of theft crimes in germany? And they keep switching top place with muslims on almost all violent crimes. What a fucking councidence, almost as if those two culture groups were mostly backwards, sexist, uneducated and arrogant. It’s not about racism, it’s that people in some places just have a toxic and shitty attitude engraved into their brains at birth, and it just so happens people from those places wanna come here and complain that we aren’t as backwards as them while also wanting all the benefits. Eg. the sharia police bullshit. Opposing immigration “because immigration is bad” is racist. Opposing unchecked mass immigration because of arrogant and toxic culture is taking a stand against people who think they can do what they want. Trust me, Ive lived in croatia for 12 years, most of those people don’t deserve what germany offers and are just gonna degenerate the country.
This opinion is not popular, if it was we wouldnr have a society as fucked up as it is.
To be fair a liberal democracy has it’s flaws, just like communism. Ironically they are the same flaws, namely that 90% of humans are disgusting, greedy, useless, stupid fucking animals that shouldn’t be allowed to think for themselves or have any say in running a country.
The mods are just using the popular bot to censor people...
Am I gonna get banned from this sub for making a joke about there being just 2 genders?
The speed was amazing to see! Really a huge change from the usual dinosaur like movements astartes are shown to posses.
Is this really reffered to as a “complex” ambush? Looking at it from an outside perspective it seems very basic, logical, self explanatory and easy to grasp. Is it just called complex because it is distinct from a simple ambush where one simply waits for a target and opens fire?
The only shitty thing is that quite a few poles now want an ethno state, something that was offered to them 70 years ago and refused for some reason....
Holy shit. Then why the hell do so many people scream into your face about communism when the idea is brought up? Didn’t people actually vote away obamacare? So mental health is not covered well hm Still that’s pretty impressive, Ive seen so many people cry about obamacare and complain that healthcare shouldn’t be free, it’s insane.
Yes, the US turned the germans and japanese into cucks by telling them they are the worst for 70 years. Yes muslims have been just as violent as christians, except once they slowly started recovering and actually let women drive and wear pants, some US intervention brought upon instabiliry and US sponsored radical islamist terrorists, not to mention that france and the UK fucked over the arabs and took their land as colonies, letting the backwards and violent saudis win over the much more liberal previous rulers. America, france and the uk are DIRECTLY responsible for the rise of radical islam. Jsut because you greedy imperialist fuckheads couldnt stand another nation having some oil, the world would be no fucking different if the nazis had won because you’re all just as fascist as them.
HOW IS THIS TRASHY??? It’s literally telling kids to stay in school, youd rather they too suck dick for money or what? Fucking hell this sub is so incredibly hateful towards prostitutes.
I like to think it’s the reasonable marines.
Oh yeah what’s with that meme, does the alpha lagion really disguise themselves?
Too lewd for Raphtalia, please add her skirt....
You’re also more likely to have children and go on maternal leave, as well as be less productive during your monthly period. Not saying it’s okay to pay women less but you can’t just assume sexism
If you’re american maybe, but for any normal person it is.
No instead they are ridiculed by the world as having small penises and half of all japanese porn is interracial, their military is barely allowed to defend itself and the US forces them to be their lapdog. But clearly refugees are the only standart by which you should judhe a country, looks like good old serbia is the new 20000 IQ heaven for all the big brain boys like you! Idk what else germany has done, if the fucking yanks didn’t take all of OUR scientists to fly to the moon and get their jets off the ground maybe we could have done more than become the biggest economic power of europe and set an extremely high standart for quality of manufacture and engineering. Because hyper pc culture is fucking fascism, they literally wanna send people to re education campa. With how great those “alies” (that funded 9/11 btw) of yours are you are quite inseperable, what other nation could organise such a terorirst attack and still have sugar blown up their ass by the yanks? Hahahahahhahahahahahaha &gt;greedy and selfish but There is no but, greedy and selfish people are pieces of shit that should be fucking gased, they are the scum of earth and the root of all our problems, the reason why we still have war and famine is because of greed and selfishness, that’s like saying “yes our leaders are nazis but” it’s laughable Yeah and it’s easier to blame the people you raped in the first place for being fucked in the head. If you didn’t have your precious precious nukes the ivans would have overrun your sorry asses because yo americans are worse than animals with your selfish greed and would sell out your country for enough money. Oh wait, your politicians already do that, by spying on you all, taking away your freedoms and selling your data to google. But sure, you’re so fucking advanced purely because you don’t let in refugees, holy shit only an american or slav could say something so utterly retarded.
No you should keep your fucking door shut, take a video of them, call the police and drive away. You don’t get confrontational with a fucking troglodyte and shoot somebody in front of your kid either smartass.... You think havint a gun waved around in front of a kid is so much better than just driving away while taking a few pictures?
Its not a change of scenario, you simply lock the door. Don’t doors in america have a pin to lock them? The only reason to not have enough time to lock the doors is if you’re outside or too stupid to see a maniac coming at you. &gt;if someone gets inside my car they get a bullet Agree, but you can prevent the whole situation in the first place. And that’s my whole point, you don’t need to let it get there. It wouldn’t be good to see mummy or daddy shoot a bad guy either but alright whatever, you americabs are suckling on the NRA tit since you’re born and apparently that’s desensitising you.
Why is revenge frowned upon? Because people are holier than thou hypocritical fuckin cunts that are selfish and ignorant beyond belief. It’s frowned upon by people because people are wrong.
Either I am pranoid or you are stupid because I wouldnt ever go anywhere with people around with my window up if Im not within reach of the control, and my dad is the same. I can understand and support a me or them mentality, and especially if you experienced something like that, but it makes no sense to focus on such a rare occurance, how many times did it happen to you? Once? In how many years and among how many people you know in how many parts of the world? I just don’t see the need to carry a gun over locking your door and closing your windows...
That is absolutely fascinating wow, and also definitely meme worthy.
Way to enforce stereotypes Grace... of course the slav was being a money hungry, selfish, arrogant cunt.... I hate people like that
&gt;if you try to fuck me I fuck you raw, using sand as lube Fuck forgiving and forgetting, that’s the proper stance!
Why does anime always portray alcoholics as desirable....
If you only get banned from left leaning subs you aren’t centrist enough, the real big brain chad centrist gets banned from all subs.
Id imagine that any astartes takes great pride and care in maintaining their equipment, which means they take it off to clean it, which means they are probably doing it right under the shower to save time and get clean.
Also the bias some people show is ridiculous, having fucking schizophrenia and depression makes you cute and quirky but having autism makes you a meanace to society...
That’s exactly why I like it.
Is there some unpopular opinions thread for anime and manga? Because I swear tons of people just ACT like they didn’t fap to Emergence or Euphoria....
Why petition for the old games you can emulate being ported instead of a new one being made?
Blue-Eyes Lime Ojama MAX Dragon 4000/4000 This cards name becomes “Ojama Lime” while it’s on the field.
Die meisten Leute die ich kenne machen gerne mal recht schwarze witze über den 2. Weltkrieg, solange keiner zusieht, wie sieht es damit in Japan aus? Kann man mit den Leuten dort auch nach 5min drüber scherzen dass Frankreich für den krieg verantwortlich ist?
Nothing to change, you’re right. On the other hand can we talk about the absolute FUCKING LEGENDS that invade you, bow to you nicely and then beat your ass with the handmaiden ladle fair and square?
I think that you’re cheating and glued that blue crystal onto the wire, how on earth does that stuff magic itself in place?
Don’t think so, I noticed a lot of the people who act like that are those exact people who used to be popualr kids and hate on nerds.
Yes because getting guns on a plane is sooo easy, note that like 9 of them were saudis and there wasnt a single thing said against saudi arabia because you’re fucking bending over backwards to them for their oil, where as oman or yemen idk which one, is on the no go list for people for terrorism despite not a single terrorist ever being confirmed from there, hypocrisy thy name is USA... No you’re right, you already DID that with native americans, and if you wanna be all about the past, germans didn’t have nearly as many slaves. Hahahahah yeah sure, your controlint, NSA spying in everyone government, unlike fascist germany where someone made a 1h youtube video shitting on the most popular party and got their votes down to the lowest they have ever been since their inception. So non democratic and no freedoms at all! No but you fire a cop who talked someone out of suicide and allow a woman who ran over a child to sue the family for emotional damage as well as letting rapists go for years if they are celebrities and making people kill themselves at the meer accusation if they are some unimportant college kid, so much better!! You live in the country that started Orwells fear of control in the first place, the government freely admits to spying on the people and nobody gives a shit, your president is a literal retard who is openly corrupt and nobody gives a shit, your military spending is needlessly high and your rich corporations are starting to become anarcho capitalist in their exploitation of your people, hell your waiters need tips to live and your minimum wage is shit, your country would die if you stopped fucking around with the world through proxy wars and secret intelligence agencies. We are the ones that started it because you fuckers backed out and let the french fuck us in the ass, you didn’t give a shit, we uncucked ourselves and fucked all of europe and suddenly you felt threatened that someone may dare chane the leader of the world. You didn’t give a SHIT about the jews or anything, you were just doing it for the same reason you did it since your despicable excuse of s country declared its independance: money. Your whole society values wealth to such an unnatural degree, you’re self absorbed, selfish, arrogant and hypocritical beyond belief. I would tell you to not reproduce but there is already so many of you fuckers nothing short of a nuclear war could save the world from your stupidity.
Naja es ist anzumerken dass es schon ein bisschen krank von deutschen ist an orten wie Dresden, wo massig zivilisten durch bomben abgeschlachtet wurden, nicht wenigstens ein BISSCHEN mehr den deutschen opfern zu gedenken, wobei sich zb. in den USA keiner einen scheissdreck um tote deutsche schert...
&gt;itll be a good lesson to how unfair life is Nononono, it will be a lesson in how you’re not entitled to anything in life, it’s not unfair to not be given something for free.
It’s exactly the opposite, the ball has value because it was caught, a child is less likely to understand that than an adult which is why OP actually makes perfect sense. Think about it, how many things did you cherish as a child and totally forgot about? Meanwhile how many things to you really care about now and have since you were old enough to do so? I can tell you for sure that the pendant my father gave me when I was 16 or the first really great piece of jewelry I made mean infinitely more to me than something similar could to a 9yo.
Wait that works on them? My god I never even considered thar D:
So how many likes did he get?
As a ranged player I very much agree with this. Be grateful that Im not taking my full cluster loadout into public hunts :p
You can turn the cockpit into an apartment, holy shit! Im suddenly so proud to own one of these bad boys.
Give it one more year of ignoring climate change and Trumps kill counter will overtake that of Hitler my a landslide. It’s bullshit to argue that Hitler was at least kind to dogs or whatever other shit, Trump is just as stuck up his own ass and retarded as that austrian chucklefuck, the only difference being people havent died because of him YET.
Fucking glorious, godspeed you beacon of justice! For you guys not believing this: you never saw a slavic country, did you?
Hey I have an idea how you can get free karma :D Message the moderator that you’re brazilian, think you have bad internet, it’s not racist to just mention it and watch him mute you too. Then you can post it here for upvotes hehe
I don’t think that’s a thing in dark souls 2 so probably no.
Being rich is no excuse to act retarded.
Im struggling the same and would apreciate your instagram too :)
It is all thanks too the power of RUNECRAFT^TM
Every sasuga Ainz-sama moment where Ainz is sweatting magic missles while trying to poker face his way through a conversation.
I do agree with that, but this isn’t about logic benefit, it’s purely about emotional attachment. And while kids GET more emotional they don’t quite have the emotional capacity of an adult or the experience neccessary to cherish a moment or be grateful enough for one. Think about how many kids are happy but ultimately forget that new console or expensive phone their prents bought them, now think about an adult man buying his wife a beautiful necklace to show how much he cares, that necklace will have an inifnitely higher emotional value.
Can you do more?
Pull out my dick and start furiouely masturbating without breaking eye contact while screaming as loud as I can about how much I wish I could fuck Hitler in the eye socket.
Look at volts helmets LOOK AT THEM
It’s 14 in germany and japan, the lowest in the world.
I wanna say Hitler to make an inapropriate joke but I also don’t wanna get banned
Only a real man of culture used such knowledge and technology for the purpose of creating hentai cookies for a meme. Godspeed.
These studies keep telling me that 5.5 is perfect yet every woman Ive ever talked to about this specific thing says that 7 is barely enough. This aint adding up.
I just realsied how ingrained in society female innocence is, even reading this and agreeing with it I still feel like it is wrong in a way and should be excused. I couldnt physically bear to watch an abusive relationship where the man is the agressor for any comedy, yet it’s always played for laughs when the woman does it...
But that’s part of the point, female violence can be played for comedy in childrens shows, male violence only by rude english stand up comedians.
If there is so majy then give an example that’s actually applicable, Im not saiyng you’re wrong about media portraying men a certain way but you can’t act as if thats a set in stone certainty that has been perpetuated for decades. And you also can’t pull out a single example that’s wrong and then act as if your point still stands.
Yes it does because the example was completely unrelared to the topic except the shared overarching trait of treating women poorly. It is completely irrelevant and thus a wrong example. Im not gonna bring up potatoes as examples of fruit, am I? You know what, that’s because a lot of normie women do like that, most if not all the bad traits of james bond are idolized by most women around the world, they all want a strong, dominant, charming man that’s good in bed. Never seen too much looney tunes so I really can’t comment on it much but from what I remember and assume is that all of his bad behaviours are just like Johnny Bravo and always portrayed in a negative albeit comedic way.
Yeah I know that but what if I just wanna go around the local card shops tournaments thats full of casuals?
Because I play at a card shop where even casuals prticipate in the tournaments and it makes the difference between being fun and competitive and just competitive, maybe I am being too selfish with that...
That is purely your assumption, not all men are stronger than all women, these days a lot of men are weak and a lot of women do self defense shit. It’s potentially lethal to hit anyone, not to mention taking into consideration mental abuse, something that’s mostly done by women.
That is not shitty at all, that is amazing
Worth it
In the end Konrad did a good job, he cannot be forgiven, yet the fact that he realises that makes him just.
Reminder that in the world of Overlord the germans started a third world war...
So what am I? Sexist or soyboy? Make up your fucking mind.
The fucked up porn Im into.
Its a joke but... Anyone who unironically thinks this needs to be castrated and have their jaws screwed together, it’s been a long time since Ive seen anything even close to this level of fucking retarded.
Okay I can see that but still why did he revert to the projection he creates when he lost his memory instead his true self?
I can see what you mean by his new agenda pushing his morals aside, that is a satisfying explanation.
Wait really? Didn’t they mention death camps?
Yes but that again would as you say imply that the death note fundamentally changed his personality, because if you don’t wanna use people for your own gains you’re never gonna do it. If you’re an “ends justify the means” kinda person that you are like that. It just feels like Light is acting way too nice compared to when he had the note. I think they didn’t show enough of Light before the note because shortly after he got it he went crazy, it seems like he was a psychopath from the beggining. He says that? Damn I need to pay more attention... or maybe it’s the german netflix sub that’s bad idk. Personally I think what he did wasnt wrong until he killed the FBI agents who were the first innocents he offed. I see the power corruption idea and like I said maybe this is just a translation thing but for me it seems like Light was corrupted from before he found the note and that’s why he became like this in the first place.
Honestly they actually deserved it, they are a bunch of censorint echo chamber snowflakes, quaranteing them makes no difference because they are too busy denying science and sucking each others dicks.
Marvelous
Yeah exactly, that’s why he should have no problem to go along with Ls suggestion of manipulating Misa for their gain, his default form is to be just as scrupulous as L, not morally superior, and that’s why it confuses me. Hmm that is also an angle one can look at that from... I guess I’ll read into that stuff, thanks for the link :)
Im always wondering, is there no japanese english people who could do voice acting? Im bilingual and speak fairly good english, with enough training I could probably fake a native accent there too, is it so rare for bilingual people to become voice actors?
You are doing gods work here... it’s beautiful
Wait seriously? So now they are just gonna randomly forget and I wasted so many resources for nothing?
And why was this not in the patch notes? It basically means that the 40 villagers I cured are now useless...
Yeah, true actually...
Because justice is not exploiting the innocent. Light was supposed to be just but he betrayed himself real quick. In his shoes Id do the exact same up to when he kills those FBI agents, at which point Id make the prisoners I kill leave behind notes to engage in a public debate about morality with the world. (Though to be fair Im lazy and incomparible to Light as a character and would have an absolutely untraceable killing schedule) Id never lie to someone who is in such a state about loving them, and Misa just went crazy, she did kill innocents but it was in her madness, she needs help.
I don’t wanna be that guy though... and I mean the “hey I play rouge/non competitive decks is it cool if I use banned cards? i mean hey you can use em too but you probably don’t have any with you, really sorry” guy
Glad someone brought this up, I have over 40 cured villagers on the server Im on and it absolutely freaked me out to see the discount go away. They better fix this real soon, I didnt waste 40 apples and potions for nothing...
Was that 54 unique random books in total or 27 uniques and their copies? Also did you get it to work again?
It’s simply magical! How on earth does that garnet stay on? Is it drilled?
Does that at least make a difference in the age of beyond visual range encounters? I mean I understand that a WWII or Korean war era pilot with 10 times the flight hours will just open a little hatch and take an actual shit on his oponent but is that even neccessary with how tech reliant planes are today?
NTA social norms and shitty little brats are cancerous.
Granted, due to the US tendency to encourage breaking laws and police brutality the prison popularion and traffic accidents skyrocket, the increase in prisoners is the last push the 1% needed to start going down the path of anarcho-capitalism, 10 years later The Purge becomes real, 20 years later Robocop does, another 20 years later The Matrix...
THE CHAD CENTRISTS WILL RISE!
If your definition of alt right is anyone who uses that word then of course not you fucking scrotum tickling baboon
He finally ate all the scrambled eggs
It’s true, the more about gay and womens rights a left- or the more about free speech a right winger is, the quicker they will all come to harass you for expressing a slightly differing opinion.
If your friend is self harming it’s your business to help.
&gt;a tank can only get so huge That point has been reached, looked down upon and viciously crushed by the baneblade already, before being left behind in the dust so that it may reach even greater ridiculousness. The design of the baneblade actually kinda could justify a scout tank, the protruding tracks for more grip in uneven terrain and the lack of armour (at least any layered, spacedor angled one apparently) suggest that it just wasnt worth armouring it up for its role in combat. While the design of it is clearly influenced by the german Maus superheavy tank, lets not forget that the Maus was an archaic piece of junk by the time the first prototype had been completed and not suited for the typical role of a tank (or any other role for that matter but still...) Maybe scouting meant difficult terrain infantry support, maybe the DAOT humanity was actually from a timeline where the nazis won and something akin to the P1000 Ratte landship was their main battle tank.
I mean, from what I heard power weapons use energy to create incredibly sharp cutting edges so it would not be unreasonable to assume that razors were power weapons....
Did you have to recreate the 27 books again or did it work with duplicates? Also are you actually feeding the books in vis hopper or can you just place them?
No he is just causing horribly painful cancer im his throat, under his tounge, around his vocal chords and in his lungs, not self harming at all... Listen Im all for letting idiots kill themselves but if it’s not a noose or a knife then you should stop at least someone who is your friend from hurting themselves and others around them. Also I find it absolutely horrible how you jump from LITERALLY WANTING TO FORBID PEOPLE GIVING THEMSELVES FUCKING CANCER to me not allowing “any autonomy”, you asshat, let me see someone you know be diagnosed with cancer and how you react to that.
That’s the thing, I already hate myself enough but I usually drown my self loathing in distractions, when Im really depressed and sad and angry about myself I have the discipline of a soldier, when it’s just a normal day and I might even be happy for something then I get complacent.
But isn’t it lazy to decline that? What am I then? Everyone tells me I only fail in life because Im lazy.
So just make it a habit essentially? Just force myself to the initial visits?
Just the walk there takes 20 minutes, once Im there I can only stay for an hour to make it worth it anyway, I’ll try to just force myself to walk out!
I am intrigued, describe this “Vadering it” further
The 20 min walk is the part that I usually try to avoid, it’s boring to walk through my shitty foreigner ghetto neighbourhood for so long, if the gym was a 5 min walk away Id go way more often.
Granted, people who frequent the sub start uncontrolably exploiting poor wording in their everyday life which results in thousands of people falling into depression due to their ruined social lives and inability to ever connect with a human being. Including you, who begins to smoke to cope with the emotional pain, which gives you cancer.
This is why overly competitive people ruin everything ever.
Holy shit germany is america in this timeline
I take it the SCP wiki rejected you?
NTA I had anger issues too and the worst I did was crack a game disc
The problem is that when my friend connects to my private session he is showing up as in open or solo play and vice versa.
Recommended vulture gun loadouts? Im thinking overcharged multi with incendiary ammo, would something else be better? &amp;#x200B; I only intend to do PvE with it and work on an FDL on the side for PvP, so far I only did heavy fighting in the Corvette so I thought, hey I really love the imperial fighter with PRs (seriously they need to add those damned things as equipable weapons) so lets try something similar, but gimballed maybe.
Really? I don’t have access to an engineer for PAs yet, are they still reasonable that way?
Never ever used frags on anything, what can you tell me about them?
Already bought a pack of them but I want something more distinct
&gt;real bits Real as in people straight up scam on some sites or they could be recasts? Because a lot of stuff on ebay is brutally overpriced even for GW standarts (seriously at 4€ for a single sanguinary guard jump pack I might as well buy another box and use the additional swords and shoulder pads too) [edit] BY THE EMPERORS LONG FLOWING HAIR 10 bucks for a SINGLE jump pack? The monkey has indeed gone pop... how does anyone afford this? GW product is actually cheaper
If you put it like that then I have to agree.
Would you consider taking comissions? Hell scratch the comissions, just start selling MkIV-esque jump packs please nobody has them in any custom minis shop :(
That one space marine who was called a dumbass on his tombstone for getting his fucking head blown off. It’s grimfunny
&gt;chads of silence Im sorry what Please tell me that’s real I really need this
Snake ferret does sound better than cobra squirrel... thank you
That’s way too easy, my fucking ethics teacher back in the day very obviously and making sure it’s not directly implied the same. She was an old slavic woman, lost all respect that day. Same with the fucktard pope.
Disgusting how many people excused this massacre, everyone from my ethics teacher to THE FUCKING POPE BTW was really really weak on condemning this crime, saying things like “if someone insults my mother they can expect to get punched” that’s not directly but basically what the pope said. Disgusting how two radical sides shun each other and anyone smart enough to have an actual moral compass, gun toating alt righters call you a libtard for not wanting to kill all muslims and libtards call you an alt righter for not ignoring a mass murder over a cartoon.
Yes he was, iirc it’s sitting next to his resting place with a massive exit hole. The inscription went something like “he was told to advance carefully and keep his head down, we didn’t loose a great thinker that day”
The update states " Supply and demand volumes are added to markets for [Alexandrite](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Alexandrite), [Benitoite](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Benitoite), [Grandidierite](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Grandidierite), [Low Temperature Diamonds](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Low_Temperature_Diamonds), [Monazite](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Monazite), [Musgravite](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Musgravite), [Painite](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Painite), [Rhodplumsite](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Rhodplumsite), [Serendibite](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Serendibite), and [Void Opals](https://elite-dangerous.fandom.com/wiki/Void_Opals); markets will continue to offer high prices for these mined commodities, but as demand is met at a market the price it offers will decrease proportionately, and markets with certain economies will now favor some mined commodities over others " Does this simply mean we will be forced to go further and on shorter notice to sell at a good price as players nearly instantly fill demand at a given station?
In the in app browser of ebay? Sure, just tell me how
It opens up by itself, how can I change that?
I see you ordered three slices of extra thicc as opposed to the usual one.
Out of curiosity, which fictional race has the largest penis?
Why does the Cutter seem so unpopular for fighting? There are no youtube build videos from less than a year ago that aren’t about mining. I know it technically has the lowest dps of the big 3 but it can also get over 10K shields, doesnt that mean something?
How quickly can I get into xeno combat as a relatively new player and what rewards are in it?
NTA Whoever complains about “stealing culture” and actually gets angry about it is the asshole in any situation, hell Id be all for people across the world apropriating all of german culture and get to work or adopt the good bits of slavic culture and be generous with food. Besides, when you’re part of two cultures you always get the shorter end of the stick because the default state for humanity seems to be either cunt or dick.
I recently spent another billion or so on my cutter and used up pretty much all my manufactured engineering materials for it and also really dont feel like going to a gurdin site AGAIN so I guess Im out. Thx for the info!
Who would have thought that the organisation whose leader basically condoned the Charlie Hebdo massacre is a bunch of cunty scumfucks, almost as if there was a correlation between pedophilia/violence/terrorism/sexism/racism and religion.
It’s in my title
How many boosters and engineering do I need for a prismatic shield to be worth it? I just unlocked them yesterday and was dissapointed to find that a stock size 7 prismatic is slightly weaker than a resistance upgraded normal shield.
Yeah but even so I thought the prismatic would make a larger difference, guess I need to engineer it first.
ios 12.2, and the browser is no real browser it just opens one in the ebay app itself
Is there a way to do it without reinstalling windows? I did that around may and didn’t wanna have to redownlod hundrets of GB of games What if my cooler already comes with thermal paste? I just noticed Im more worried about the size of my case, havent taken it out yet but it looks like my new mainboard barely does NOT fit...
Okay so the 2 issues I got left in my preparations are that Idk what to do the last time I shut it down before I replace the parts (so about windows and drivers and stuff) and also that Im pretty sure my case is too small, Ive help my mainbord against it and I couldnt push it in straight, it might fit if I slide it in at an angle and then set it straight but I didn’t see any holes for screws. Do I try anyway if it fits when I take out the old mainboard or do I just buy a new case to be sure?
How is the factory applied thermal paste? I bought a ryzen 5 2600x and the cooler has paste applied already
Yeah due to some issues I reinstalled windows a grand total of 4 times last year, and Id really hate to have to do it again and download hundrets of gb of games, especially since something new just came out. I think Im gonna hold of on upgrading straight away, pretty sure my case is too small anyway and I’ll do a clean install once I have time to download a bunch of stuff. Hell I might even just buy a second ssd, my hdd died anyway, and do the new install on there and then just transfer over my games from the old one. Thanks for the help! A clean windows install definitely sounds like the simplest sollution and one I can actually work with
Well it does look like it could fit just barely, I’ll try &gt;simply make your pc slower So it will just be slower? With my new components it should still run way faster than what I have now anyway, then again idk how much slower, even if just a tiny bit faster than now I’ll be happy tbh Is there any chance not doing a clean install could cause a big fuckup and corrupt some data or burn out components? Also is the stock thermal paste good enough in quality or should I still get a new one?
Nice But where is the justice for all the people pronouncing it weinsteen instead of weinstei?
Ah that’s great, thanks a lot! I mean the one that comes default on the cooler when I buy it new
Someone else said that not reinstalling windows is just gonna slow me down some, and I think it’s gonna be a net win in speed, so Im just gonna do a new install when I get a second ssd and can transfer stuff easily. Will do! And thanks for your help!
Literally every american Ive heard talk about it has pronounced it steen
I have a Zalman ZaA1225ASL fan, I can’t find anywhere if it is PWM or not
No Too lewd Stop &gt;:c
Me who maxed out his cutter 2 days before the patch: :(
Really puts things into perspective, damn
I thought artificer armour was just very old and fancy, is it really more protective?
Because a dog lacks the malice of a person, only a feral or horribly mistreated dog is gonna rip your cat appart at which point youll wanna kill it but any number of people might kill your cat for any number of reasons, most likely either just for the sake of making you suffer or not caring for you at all and just selfishly hurting you in the process. Specifically in this case we have someone who kills pets, which are almost like family members to a lot of people and then feeds them to people knowing they could get poisoned by it, hurting dozens of people involved. I say dying like that wasnt slow enough for the bastard. Think about it, what if someone took away something you love and then hurt others with it just to selfishly get something out of it? If I had to choose between the life of a filthy street rat and that person Id choose the rat. Surely you can say “you can’t decide who lives and dies” or “he needs to stand trial” but seriously, is anyone gonna care for scum like that? Would anyone benefit from that except your own sense of justice? Purely objectively speaking killing a criminal at this point is better because it means he is gonna use up less resources
That is very nicely said and I hope I’ll remember this sentence for the future! Yeah he could be doing it to feed his starving children which I highly doubt because anyone who is compassionate enough to do something shady is compassionate enough to not do something so cruel, if their lives are at stake you will abandon someone elses children to save your own, you won’t go around pushing in the soft spot on other infants heads to afford food. I mean yes that’s true, but lynching is different than someone exerting his own justice. Have you seen the film Law abiding citizen? I like the take on justice and revenge they got going on there.
So I might as well mine in Omicron capricorni B and sell my stuff at the station there right away?
Just because you never painted something on a model doesnt mean freehand is new to you, you’re clearly extremely skilled in painting. That’s like a 100m sprinter saying he is new to sprinting 200m, yeah it’s technically true but come on... Seriously this is some DaVinci shit
Does this at least mean that any system with a demand higher than my cargo is gonna pay me max price?
Would be a kickass story for a spin off
I updated to a new motherboard and need to re input my windows key, I dont know which of the 2 I wrote down (one is my brothers) it is, if I just try entering both is it gonna say one is in use or could it create an issue? Whats the simplest way to check for my brothers key on his PC?
More than double? That’s awful :(
Now Im actually curious to what extent this was modified to fit into star wars, I hope they have kick ass on netflix
Heh awesome But I have several questions 1. Is there really a system with awesomes in the name? 2. What was a pirate doing 22K ly out from the bubble???????????
If I ever find a magic lamp my wish is for all ISIS supporters and members to become this fat overnight
You know how game or film franchises are unique or just wonderful and then become mainstream and decide now that they are popular they need to be more popular and appealing to that mainstream and inevitably dillude their own work and creativity by becoming more boring and sometimes even just really bad? That but with erotic actors and their bodies
So I just need to find a station with a demand of over 1k LTD or scale down my operations to 200 painite?
NTA If someone expects you to do the “right thing” but their intentions are not right then you’re obviously in the right by doing the wrong thing.
Wtf have you been doing in MH? In MHFU the only reasonable buffs are eating for attack and then popping a demon seed before the fight.
Kamino is actually just outside of the main galaxy, there must have been some communication interference other than distance. For example in episode II Obi-Wan attempts to contact Anakin on Tatooine which is (in galactic terms) really really close to Geonosis, so close that range couldnt have been a factor in sending a message to Coruscant
What kinda power plant did you pick these next to?
Nagatoro went from being just mean masochist bait to the perfect crush, personally I don’t like to be reminded that life can never be as good as fiction.
Yeah no, get your big nose out of here and let me have my serious handler :c
The most beautiful elder dragon, are any of his weapons any good? I want a reason to fight him
Shara is just a poor aragami that wandered its way into the wrong universe.
Between MR22 and 100 what are the best longswords to get me through until I can get the super endgame ones like goldian and silverlos?
Tros was definitely trash but boy was it lovable trash, it’s probably my new favorite Star Wars film
Do I get the hero king coins only for A rating the jinouga one or can it be whatever? I only gave it a single try yesterday and didn’t get any
What’s the closest landable planet to Shinrarta Dezhra that gives me a nice binary sunset like on Tatooine?
Seriously how big is the english speaking bundesliga community and why does this sub keep showing up despite me unsubbing like 4 times?
Someone mod her in please..
That’s it, Im stripping my terminators and making them nicer, they look awful and dull, I wanna make some like you, actually good.
Not really if you limit it to post game, I just want her and her dialogue in the guiding lands. Besides if I can look at my hunter seriously in those garuga panties then I can suspens my disbelief to look at the serious handler and know she isn’t there
Out of curiosity, did you get the jump pack from a bits site or a set? I need tons of these but they are expensive any way
The face looks so fucking demonic holy shit I never realised until now, its like tthey deviljhofied the thing.
Pretty impressive, looking forward ro seeing it completed! I love seeing things that are built from scratch
Oh thats it, thank you!!
Who does the blood in all those vials even belong to?
Stop lewding her please :(
Now that you bring that up I can think of examples within close family where someone I was instantly enraged by managed to decieve others, looking at how I wanted to jump through my screen and strangle Smith I have to say the actress did a great job.
Now that you bring that up I can think of examples within close family where someone I was instantly enraged by managed to decieve others, looking at how I wanted to jump through my screen and strangle Smith I have to say the actress did a great job.
All I read was: she doesnt die by the end of the next episode and that makes me angery
Already did, thx &lt;3
That looks soooooo good holy shit Why did they switch to the weird green when this is so much better...
Well I did some testing and while after writing down 20 times when spare shot procs, the first 3 times took 9, 12 and 8 shots respectively. Which is total bullshit to me, I just have bad luck I guess since it did average to 20% later but still... I don’t wanna go through RNG to play effectively
Damn, I knew you insect glaive users were scary
That is a fair point however in contrast Id raise you mine, namely that my own experience suffers from getting fucked over by RNG that others don’t
You’re giving me the same advice I heard about getting a girlfriend That didn’t work either xd
Oh no this is fine, except that I want to get more out of it which I don’t because I might as well not run that spare shot charm. Im jealous because others don’t do anything different and yet are rewarded, it’s unfair and my inability to do anything against it is extremely frustrating.
It’s not just that, I tested it, the average proc of 20 happened after 4 shots like it should, but the first few took 9 and 12 and 9 again. That’s double of what should be average, and it never proced twice in a row, meanwhile like I said earlier some people I play with literally only end up spending half their ammo because they are so stupidly lucky
That’s exactly what it sounds like because that’s what I feel like... But sure, bye
Yeah, I just can’t keep going with the show like this, I just got to the point where she talked Judy out of all people into believing her that Don is the one lying. I can’t do this anymore, it was fun while it lasted but if Im gonna get shoved in my face how there just so happens to not be any naturally mistrusting and sceptical person in her vicinity Im not gonna watch it just to get frustrated
Lego is actually one of the few things even more expensive than Warhammer, combining them is fucking terrifying
If they don’t call him Big Joe I’ll be dissapointed
So what inspired you to make this art piece? Rajang has been fucking us for so long it’s time that we turn the tables
Is being external really such a big thing?
This salt looking crystal with the wire is stupid easy and cheap to make I hope she didn’t pay more than 5 bucks for that...
Being subjected to both the notion that you shouldn’t show emotions because you need to be strong and that you SHOULD show emotions because men are never sensitive enough. Can we just agree that gender stereotypes have become something completely subjective and everyone can do either bad or good and we just forget the whole argument about who has it worse?
Idk how exactly 40K treats it but it’s likely that a lot of planets had populations only in the millions since they were small colonies and are thus easily conquerable in a day
Keep in mind that 1 million worlds most likely means more than a million systems since not eve half of all planets are inhabitable
Kiddions, I flared it
Do you know how much he did it or how? Ive been using the casino rig for a few days and nothing happened and plenty of people said they even went and dropped money and it did nothing for months. You sure he wasnt just reported or using other menus as well?
Is this just normal paper or something special? Looks almost like thin plastic
Drilling the holes makes a huge difference! I only started doig it rather recently and went back to doing it on everything before.
Some sorta crafting paper or thin carboard? Especially around the “neck” it looks like it’s not just ordinary paper
Nope just asperger autism
Really? Is there not some evil scary inner iluminati circle that’s gonna kick me out if I act out of line for a second?
Isn’t it kind of selfish to take a job offering someone who is better suited for could have gotten? That’s also a worry of mine What if Im not good enough after I already join?
Maybe it’s percentage based? Didn’t almost all of the remaining shamans of earth kill themselves together back in the day? 10K BC earths population was miniscule so a few hundred or thousand shamans at most if they were rare.
I pet my PC before I turn it on and it works flawlessly, my dad almost hits his and it’s constantly fucked up even though he is absolutely paranoid about security and I occasionally downlod cheat software AKA trojans
**Im more of a man that you could ever be Subaru**
How long does it take to do one page?
Weird guess I’ll do that then, also how exactly do I do it? I heard I can’t adjust my payout beyond 2mil
Oh thanks, I’ll try that
What methods did you use?
It looks proper fucked up I love it!!
Wait wait wait Imma need more info on this, DAOT humanity could truly kill daemons??
Do you have a source for porn where women are smarter than men? Im kinda into that
Can we get more doujins where she is being really really mean pls
177013 was hot AF inbetween the trauma tho, can’t deny that
Who is the artist?
Unethical life pro tip: if you hate a company like EA or honestly at this point everyone except CDpR, buy their keys from G2A and there is a good chance it was an illegal key that was refunded but they can’t take it from you so the company loses money.
No I was just curious because the though struck me while joking about demonic sacrifice with a friend
Yeah can you imagine giving people what they want might entice them to pay for it? It’s so sad how no company ever understands this...
Everything else: 50-ish comments Femweeb saying she's single: 700 comments,, Now either we are all really nice or really thirsty, either way I hope you got some help &lt;3
At the end of part 1 when Zeppeli calls in his hamon mates I said "Oh look, the avengers of breathing" my friend who was watching with me fucking lost it.
Is there a hentai term for the guy dying during sex? Asking for a friend who is really into that for some reason....
Thank you for making me feel better about my Warhammer addiction.
It’s late but fucking thank you Idk which fucking inbred designed the PC controls but god damn...
They put him in an artificer contemptor and he looks like brother Santodes from TTS with the abs and hair
His a T34 with a tiger like that today Painful
TRoS
Is there more in the style of top right? Asking for a friend...
Not a reason just a side mention idk why I even said it, probably gonna play with friends for a little bit until they get bored Wait really?? That’s such bullshit omg epic sucks
NTA paleolithic diets aren’t healthy at all, there is a reason why humans have been cooking food a certain way for literally a million years. It’s straight up immoral to force such dietary constraints on a child.
And the game itself doesnt just auto download mods when you try to join a server?
Guilliman: 50€ Commissar: 22,50€ Time to build and paint: 20h Spreading the joy from Guilliman having a sword coming out his ass: priceless Some things can not be valued, for everything else there is mastercard. Or however the joke goes, I love it!
Please please please can you write a comprehensive guide on how to fly the thing? I want to do well in them but I just feel like I might as well be flying a 190 A5 against any allied 6.0 prop I thought both Ta152s should be lowered to 5.3 and assumed they had a huge buff since they are at 6.0 now but it just never works.
Overperforming Axis? Which ones? How to fly them? I keep getting molested by griffon spits and american 6.3-6.7 props no matter what I fly and am always below everything, not to mention even P47s outmaneouver any FW easily.
I love the look of this plane so much but I cant ever make it work, do you have a youtube channel or something where you upload your kills? I wouldnt dare go near a spitfire in this much less a Mk24 (hell when I fly it I eat jets for breakfast let alone props), they are always above me, always faster, always catch me, I can only roll away or go into head-ons. Teach me your ways master.
Really? At what speed though because often times I try to deploy them to get a more adjusted shot at 400kph or so and they do nothing. Hmm Ill hope for some downtiers then. Even at my own BR in the Ta Im never the highest one up, spitfires are just too good. And everything else has way more speed, enerhy retention and maneouveravbility than I do, particularly that is painful as helll...
Yes completely spaded Ta152 C3 turns so bad and is so slow that my armament and roll don’t matter plus I can’t climb above spits. Where can I look up the best climb speed? What is considered high? Usually I consider 6-7km high since it’s just me and the spits at that altitude (obviously no one else in any team ever climbs)
What do you mean by that? Strong in high speed climb? It climbs better at a shallow angle at high speed?
To be fair they don’t rip open tanks they rip open the hinges of the hatches.
It’s so true and everyone always tells you to suck it up, god damn when my crushes reject me I cry for a day but when my best friend hated me I became genuinely suicidal for a while.
I like to think that Emps failure to see the error in his ways itself makes him very very human, for what is more human than to err?
Well not all mechanics, for example in high tier I barely need to think about where I can pen an enemy. You’re right who cares, I really have to get that in my skull I just don’t know why I still get so stupidly competitive sometimes, I also hate seeing myself in the top 5 of the team with just 2 pathetic kills and nothing else..
Thanks that was quite encouraging and relaxing :) You know it’s funny I feel way calmer flying even when it’s top tier stuff, at least in the air I can see someone before they can hit me at all times and can see doom approaching.
You know what’s really sad funny here? Space marine players feel just as betrayed because all new released are generic space marines/ultramarines, there is one single dedicated blood angels primaris guy and the upgrade sprew, nothing else since the start of 8th ed I assume, Idk when the blood angels chaplain with jump pack was released though only started collecting a year ago. Wait I totally forgot that random blood angels captain we got that bumps up the number but still god dammit
Yeah but before there were seperate sculpts for torsos, helmets and shoulder pads with huge wings and blood drops and chalices not to mention the death company and sanguinary guard
Yeah that happened to me today in my lv20 japanese crew, someone shot me through clouds amd I couldnt see their marker until I was dead
And how??
Wait Im a dumbass and dont understand rules, is 9th gonna be good for Blood Angels? I started collecting last year and never actually tried playing yet.
Whats wrong with being a prostitute? Its literally the best job when it comes to both parties getting something out of it.
How do I do that?
What the actual fuck dude??? Can you be more dismissive? You sound like those crazy feminazis who say men already have all rights we will ever need, seriously, have some self awareness man....
Im still not sure if zooming in dissapointed or impressed me
It’s funny you mention 1-2mbps internet because that’s the highest speed you got in croatia (ex yugoslavia, balkan, EU, 2.5th world according to some) until just a few years ago, I still remember jumping with joy 5 years ago when I saw my download go above 1mbps for the first time in my life.
Is there a sub for wholesome cute cringe because this belongs in one like that!
Depending on weather you’re a guy or a chick you just gave me either the most or second most awkward boner I ever had, thanks.
As usual Emps puts on his best appearances for the situation, Id love to see this in art, the glorious Emperor just looking like some ordinary bloke, I love this humanizing.
Don’t you think that would make it look too much like an ordinary bolt pistol? The pistols of my reivers are absolutely huge
NTA you don’t have too much pride you have too much common decency for them!
Why does the cover feel like a Bionicle comic?
As the others said it seems to be black, keep in mind that it’s red for the death company
The arms are indeed prosecutor arms with hand swaps, source: I made 2 of these bad boys so I know heh
If anyone is interested in the parts: body, legs and back from stormcast prosecutors, chest is a cut up piece from the sanguinary guard, head from the blood angels tac squad, shoulder pads from vanguard veterans and the primaris upgrade sprue, arms are cut halfway and cobbled together ordinary tac marine arms, the hands and lower arms are from the prosecutor again. The jump pack is my own simple recast of a sang guard one using oyumaru and milliput, same with the wings (it’s honestly a pain to get them to look good but hey those damn jump packs cost like 5€ on bits sites)
I actually went and did it with green stuff, gonna cover a little bit with shields and so on but it turned out surprisingly well!
Sadly don’t have enough, ended up greenstuffing it fairly well for my skill level
Was a pain but I did manage it, somewhat..
Every now and again I ask myself if it’s really just nature instilling a “protect and mate” instinct in me or if women my age are putting in genuine effort to be so damn cute. Most of you are fucking adorable just by existing. You girls ever get that feeling about us guys?
Lack of self worth, you don’t value yourself and are incapable of properly reciprocating positivity. I started going to therapy and it’s paaaaaaaaaaaiiinfull ripping appart that world view.
It still looks like a bionicle comic...
It’s something internalised, idk what it is but I notice myself subconciously dismissing or avoiding talking to other men about problems, no matter who of us has the problem, women are the only ones I can talk to about that (ironically I can’t really talk to them about anything else) Maybe it’s how we were raised, maybe it’s what we see in the world.
What’s the demand for more surreal male ASMR? Ive fallen asleep so many times listening to everything from “cute wholesome cringe gf expresses her love” to “sadistic vampire waifu insults you And I just wanna give back, I have no experience but 3 girls told me my voice is really nice in the last 6 years so that’s a start right?
Human snail hybrids? That are also servitors??? By the Emperor... Haemonciuli? As in the dark fucking eldar ones? Isn’t that prerr heretical especially for an ordo xenos inquisitor? Like yeah normal eldar are pretty chill at least some of the time but damn
What kinda anime shit is that lol that’s actually really funny
Or our human sapience cursed us with forever desiring a more perfect unreachable hypothetical outcome.
How much do you make from that?
Is it understood why they happen? Like, at all? Is it similar to being scared that you have the capability of jumping off a skyscraper when you stand on top of one?
Is it a psyker power then? Polymorphy is usually magic in other settings Ah I see
Ohhh so that’s it, that’s pretty cool
Society has spent the last 50-100 years being focused purely on looks so much that the word beautiful itself has been taken to be undeniably good. Hence you won’t only see deformed children called brave, strong etc. but sadly mostly just beautiful, because that’s what parents call their children, it’s their way of virtue signaling.
Yep! Castigators and Sequitors from the easy to build sets, there are 2 female bodies left over I couldnt use for the marines so Im turning them into inquisitors
Im dreading the process already...
Yeah except the majority of us are still dumbasses who get flanked or sniped and killed instantly, same with how allied 5.3 and up planes should absolutely genocide the acost but they don’t.
You ever notice how none of these fancy easy to build insulating styles catch on properly? Just build your damn houses properly, THAT MEANS OUT OF CONCRETE, NOT WOOD!
Ok can someone explain to me WHY THE FUCK dinos sometimes just slowly walk in one direction without being on wander?
20% more than a 3 still isn’t a 4
I couldnt last 20 seconds... good shit right here Seriously the amount of external factors that allowed for the rise of fascism in germany is overlooked so often.
