This is actually my thesis topic so please give it a rest with pretending you know jack shit. There's entire journals dedicated to documenting climate change, and yet you choose the YouTube videos. There's no other way to approach such ignorance than with contempt, employing kindness assumes you're at least somewhat reasonable.
We don't *know* anything, we're 99% sure based on a myriad of observations, but the former is a pointless thing to mention. For all intents and purposes climate change *is* happening and it's almost certainly being driven by human activities. To deny this isn't just to deny climate science, but also to deny what we know of our atmosphere and how it works. In any case, you're free to keep disregarding what the world's experts say on this matter and believe morons on YouTube. Even the LNP aren't that stupid, they just don't care. Oh, and my thesis encompasses alternative energy science. Hardly surprising that a chunk of my literature review is focused on the science.
I'm on the oyster hating train but honestly durian is nice. It has the flavour of creamy mango but with a super pungent aroma, which admittedly tends to be gross but it does taste great.
It's a mess west of the city on any line.
I don't think criminal behaviour is necessarily genetic, it's still an open question with some evidence going either way. Australia began as a penal colony but very rapidly shifted towards an immigrant English colony by the early to mid 19th century. What's more is many of the early convicts earned their freedom and established (sometimes very successful) honest lives. I believe convict intake in NSW was almost entirely shut down only a few decades after the colony was begun, mostly because the English immigrants and ex convicts were very much ashamed of the whole thing and wanted nothing to do with it. Only in recent decades did convict roots in the family become more of a badge of honour. That said I'm willing to bet our crime rate is lower in comparison to the US, simply because we have way better social security nets and a much more egalitarian society.
It improved the health impacts on society, contrary to what the status quo claims. A lot of shit went on but it certainly wasn't all bad.
Only some of them.
Because it's a public health epidemic we pretend doesn't exist. It kills more people than all other drugs, legal or otherwise, combined, and people see this as legitimately not a problem. That doesn't imply banning it is the solution, but if you've ever been near the deleterious effects of alcohol (or an alcoholic), you very quickly begin to sympathise with banning it.
Because drugs are scary except the ones we've had around forever. Not including other cultures because we don't respect/care about their drug use.
Then the signallers are at fault? My point is just that we have the information to know these things, and they're not being translated for the passengers in any relevant way. It's just 'oh yeah let me pull up tripview which is completely inaccurate anyway and I'll tell you where the next train *might* be'. There has to be a better way to manage things when this kind of stuff happens. Like a few hand held radios can remedy this haha Like I said, delays are inevitable, the handling of them just irks me.
Leave no hot young girls behind, you mean. Find it hard to believe the media and our society would go this nuts about any other individual.
tbf I imagine being a steelworker would've been absolutely shit
I'm not sure how you could argue anything else. Suffering is built into the human experience, I wouldn't even think somehow transferring our consciousness into a machine would remove our ability to suffer, just because it's a perception more than anything. To change this you'd really need to rewire some shit in our consciousness and yes, more or less make us not human.
They made her out to be a perfect girl that only the parents knew who never engaged in any dangerous (drinking) behaviours and could handle herself anywhere even when intoxicated (which she never was because she was a good girl).
Our studio costs $400/week in the city. I can afford that myself on ~$32k a year, though it'd be miserable.
Oh piss off, anyone on $130k is still taking home more than anyone earning less. Taxes don't progressively make you poorer than lower incomes the more you earn. You're looking at around $95k for $130k and $105k for $150k at the end of the day which is still a disgusting amount in Sydney, unless you're extremely shit with your spending. Hardly left with "not very much".
Yeah, I mean there is more shit to buy now just with phones alone but I remember wanting a phone and not getting it, eventually getting a second hand mobile from my parents. My friends would get brand new consoles sometimes twice per generation, new games, new PCs. I never got any of that really. So spoiling kids has always been a thing, it's just way easier and more normalised now I think.
Yes because other world cities have been 100% complete for a while now 🙄
Go back in time and get anything but a useless science degree. Or go back and do post-grad while you twiddle your thumbs and hope something comes along.
They're both sorely needed. But there's a huge gap between funding local rail projects, even something as gargantuan as the metro, and a high speed rail project.
Psychology has extensively documented the susceptible nature of the human mind, just about everything can be explained from that point of view with scientific reasoning.
The support for them was large back then, and even now there's a fairly sizeable majority that still wants them, although it's way less than it used to be. It's a shame that a large portion of the population that has no business deciding such things got to enforce it on a portion of the city that most of them probably never visit, let alone late. I really wish we were all less reactionary, but we get the governments we deserve I suppose.
Old pics and ones during the short stint where there was nothing there show that lovely Botanic Gardens rise with Government House just jutting above it. Now it's all obscured by homes for wankers who whinge about Opera House noise.
If it were allowed, unfortunately many people would wield the freedom as a bat.
Maybe to the rental company's property but I doubt to any bystanders.
A few Aboriginals treated him badly so now he hates all Aboriginals. But also he's Korean or something and dislikes the same treatment directed at him.
99% of that list are privileges, or optional. And I only say 99% because I didn't bother to nitpick each item. Voting is not optional. Voter ID laws only suppress the votes of the lower class, this is well documented. It's also annoying for everyone else with no real benefits.
His drug use is fine, I think. He just goes on about it too much and generally gets very pseudosciencey with the stupid shit he and his guests say about it. He has other problematic social views and also gets a bit conspiracy theory-y. He's a stupid person really, but difficult to dislike. I totally get not listening to him.
Errr, metro and the light rail? Barangaroo construction works? Darling Harbour precinct? We can't complain about being perpetually under construction but also lacking in building anything notable.
It's not making a mockery, just acknowledging statistics. Those attacks were all tragedies but statistically speaking you're more likely to get hit by a car walking from the train station than an unattended bag is to blow up and harm you. It's just fear mongering.
I think they weren't allowed to acquire more, it's still operating.
Windsor is fine if you can tolerate being super far from anything and the only road connections get clogged in an instant. The train is good since it's right there but it's always a long arse trip down the western line and it gets packed in morning/arvo peak. There's also little to do in the area. It's a nice place to visit because of the historic nature but I wouldn't choose to live there.
Sounds about right, nice
Yep, my understanding is that the info was bad or deliberately tailored to manipulate him. Zeke's gonna turn out to be the main bad guy again and he'll get eaten, Eren will come around. I bet.
Girls, guys, alcohol, weed, adrenaline. Not very imaginative.
Common weekend brain syndrome. "I'll just sleep in tomorrow" is basically a Friday motto for me and it never fucking works
Can't argue empathy into those without it.
Had a gander at the Rushcutters bay Chrissie concert. Got swarmed by kids, then got cold and went home. Might sneak back down for some fireworks photography later. Otherwise pondering buying some junk food.
To be fair our wealth is more circumstance than the direct result of any type of market system. We've been propped up pretty heavily by our resource wealth for one. We're called the lucky country with good reason It's nice to have a not completely garbage social health system too though.
It seemed like it at first but he took the piss a second time, so it suggests to me he's being facetious anyway.
Should've snorted something more enjoyable to block it properly ;)
Yaay Birchgrove is happening
Fuck, I hate that shit. Another one of the many things that were shit about the show.
Because laws aren't written to encompass how drugs effect us, which is good and bad.
No idea if it's been studied or not, it's not my experience but has been endlessly relayed to me. Heard of similar with psychedelics too. Just the brain getting used to the experience I guess, too used to it.
Yep, definitely not a rule. Plenty get the same effects throughout their lives.
Yeah nah it's the government. They pretend MDMA and multitudes of other drugs don't exist until some kid dies, then it's a tragedy and we should all totes just not use them (not alcohol tho kids, abuse that as much as possible!) We're so ignorant and regressive with drugs it's laughable and the government is 100% complicit.
It's so bad over there, they're going to have a whole generation of brain damaged adults.
The sole reason is because voters have no idea about drugs and therefore the government doesn't either. Nothing to do with legal culpability.
I'm sorry but that's idiotic on so many levels. If risk can very easily be addressed by the government then it should, MDMA is one of many drugs that could be easily and reliably manufactured and controlled by the government if they wish. Although I accept this is a fantasy with numpties like yourself comprising the voting populace so pill testing is a nice easy way to protect a very important asset: future taxpayers. Even from a cold economic utilitarian point of view it makes no sense to sacrifice otherwise functional (but dumb and young) future taxpayers for political points.
Oh the irony of someone saying this in a country with a massive pub culture. Drugs are fun, always have been and always will be. It should only ever be about doing them safely.
You should probably go live somewhere off the grid then because the taxpayers bail out stupid all the time.
Look as much as this subreddit wants to emphasize harm reduction, or at least pretend to between posts where people are clearly being fucking idiots with drugs, we're talking about kids here with no real understanding of what they're taking except their friends said it's fun. They're not buying test kits or using them, if they even know about them at all. It's the same reason we bubble wrap anything in society, people are idiots and we either agree they need protection or agree they deserve to be harmed.
Definitely beats us in pharma use. It's vastly more difficult to get ahold of pharmaceuticals here.
And then maintaining them in a hospital ends up costing the taxpayer much more, not to mention theft and other anti social behaviours :) Safe injection clinics/needle exchanges are a massive no brainer.
MDMA isn't always a mystery, even street MDMA can be acquired with good purity. Way safer than some pharma opiods or benzos, which do kill and ruin lives (but also save them! Due to regulation and doctor supervision..)
Maybe we could try projecting anti drug ads on the opera house? All the kids arced up over that
Setting up a pill testing tent at festivals.
No, it can't, makes no sense if it does given the long history of conflict between different shifters/houses.
What's the problem then? Pure MDMA is safer than alcohol, which itself is fine in moderation. People are stuck on the word 'illicit'. A drug being legal or illegal has no impact on its inherent chemical properties.
&gt; Don't get me wrong, I'm just trying to educate myself more than anything, are there sources to that? That is fine, what would you like sources for? MDMA's safety? [Here's](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC81503/) a very heavily cited article that exhaustively looks at the risks involved. Here's a quote: &gt;An attempt to calculate the relative death rates for “ecstasy” and for heroin in those aged 15–24 years in the United Kingdom191 simply underscores the lack of accurate data. The rates for deaths from accidents when driving, ecstasy, and heroin were as follows: &gt;· driving accidents 1 per 10 000 &gt;· ecstasy between 0.2 and 5.3 per 10 000 (i.e., 27-fold range) &gt;· heroin between 9.1 and 81.5 per 10 000 (i.e., 9-fold range). Keep in mind that's 'ecstasy', or anything marketed as MDMA at festivals. There's also [this](http://i.imgur.com/i0NZYJ3.jpg) handy graph that compares its active dose:lethal dose ratio to other drugs. [The group](https://maps.org/research/mdma) looking to use it to treat PTSD themselves claim this: &gt;In laboratory studies, pure MDMA has been proven sufficiently safe for human consumption when taken a limited number of times in moderate doses. Generally speaking, MDMA is quite safe when used reasonably, [which is generally agreed to be in moderate doses with sufficient time periods between each usage](https://rollsafe.org/how-to-take-mdma/). So if you're one of the many people that take around 100mg every festival, then yes driving is more dangerous, and so is drinking just 1 beer a day (although neither are sufficiently dangerous to prevent us from doing them, which is my point).
You've kind of touched on the issue here but I don't feel quite gotten there. AA is a big work load, but that's the point, sobriety isn't about finding a quick fix as much as anyone (sober or otherwise) thinks it is. Anything that works to keep people sober is going to be difficult, hard work, and lots of it. In that context the success rate doesn't matter and isn't accurate when it is measured, because most people that go to AA go to a few meetings (or less) after a particularly bad binge, grow disillusioned and don't return. Until their next binge anyway. As a result the program will always boast a modest success rate, just as lasting sobriety from hard drugs itself represents a modest success rate.
AA tends to be very dogmatic against the use of any drug that's illegal, not just alcohol. Abstinence only for alcohol, sure, but drugs are a massive body of chemicals and alcohol is very unique among them. It's entirely reasonable that you can use other substances while being sober from alcohol and working the program.
Darknet. LSD sourced from reliable vendors is almost never another drug, there are test kits and various online tips that indicate differences in the experiences. It's fortunate because LSD, like a few other drugs, can't really be 'spiked' or cut with other substances. You get your tabs and if you're really keen, test them and such, and that's all you have to worry about. Besides a bad trip anyway.
The equipment they use will tell you what structures are present in the compound. Foreign and local reports I've seen have highlighted various drugs detected, from more benign things like ketamine and bicarb soda to terrifying shit like fentanyl and research chemicals. It'll pick all these structures up.
Good meme but not heavy on facts.
No, this isn't how stealth works. This is a super complex topic but the simple fact of it is you can't get around physics; if you want accurate, high resolution radar then you're using the bands the F-35 and other stealth aircraft are designed around. There are systems designed to operate in different bands to counter the move towards stealth aircraft, but they're definitely not a silver bullet, nor are they ubiquitous. Even accounting for these developments, the F-35 and similar fighters bring a powerful stand off capability to the table, potentially out ranging whatever Russia or China may offer in the way of anti air missiles. Another thing that's often ignored here is that its features were never meant to make it invisible, but to reduce the range at which enemy aircraft will detect it. So where a hornet will be seen at 80km, the F-35 would need to be within 10km (example) to warrant enough radar signature for weapons to be used. You can't just chuck low frequency radar systems in these aircraft either, they're way too big and generally incompatible with radar guided missiles. So while stealth was never meant to be the be all end all of aircraft development, it's certainly a no brainer. There's a good reason everyone is doing it. And just touching on the F-117 incident.. it was a routine patrol path the Serbians were aware of. They'd observed it numerous days previously, and NATO had neglected to change the flight path as they should've. It was little more than luck, not some great defeat of stealth technology. It remains the only stealth aircraft lost in combat, which speaks to the efficacy of the technology.
Annihilation was great. Bear thing was the last time I recall being actually scared during a movie.
The general strategy I use is tap as soon as it says ready and get through as fast as fucking possible, completely disregard what the gate is doing (open or closed) and definitely don't wait for it to close first. It works 90% of the time every time, still get mad anxiety going through though because I have been clipped and it fucking canes.
25i is sold as LSD on the street, I've never had it sent to me via darknet vendors because it'd be super easy for buyers to call them on it. It's also pretty easy to determine from acid, test kits or otherwise.
Ultra conservative and an attempted rapist! Very high value.
I mean, it is. Our market is overpriced but *in the context of the market* that is reasonable for a 2 bedder with scenic views of the fucking harbour. Especially when there's actually places in the city that creep well into $1k a week just because they have CBD proximity and a bit of space.
They almost certainly won't OD (lethally) if it's tested, since adulterants are typically the issue. But the answer is no anyway because they don't 'OK' the pill being taken, they'd actually tell you what's in it and discourage you even if it was pure. I highly doubt they'd be partial to MDMA use since the official societal stance remains 'MDMA bad'.
I'd like to believe our history has been about more than just sex lol I mean the pyramids themselves aren't monuments relating to anything remotely sexual.
It's just a question of adapting to it really, but I'll be damned if I ever use keto again while running. Way too miserable spending all those runs adapting to fat use.
Safely used, pure MDMA isn't that harmful, if at all.
It is definitely possible to die from complications associated with MDMA. If you're talking stressful conditions (mosh), small girl, no water, 200mg or more with no tolerance then it's a real possibility. Adulterants cause the deaths but situations like those result in hospitalisations. This would all be solved by legalising it and providing high purity standardised MDMA. But we'll never see that lol
They are relatively safe. Even meth is safe used properly. It's a medication that's been used for decades lol
Hey, don't forget the enormous mobile game market built specifically to exploit children's lack of impulse control with various purchases and gambling options!
How would 40km/h have done anything here except reduce a bit of the damage? That woman still would've died, she was right in the path of it and it wasn't stopping because the driver was incapacitated. Idiots trying to give the illusion of doing something.
Ah the internet, where everyone becomes a veteran firefighter, a chemist and an expert in emergency evac at the drop of a hat.
It's fun to walk around the busier sections of the city area, but I'd steer clear of George St light rail works because it's claustrophobic as fuck even when sober. The Rocks is good. Lots of history there, whole sections still very similar to how they were nearly 150 years ago, and plenty of foot traffic/shops. Maybe under the bridge and along the harbour, around to Barangaroo reserve. You could also try visiting a market, in either Glebe or Kings Cross, probably others around too. Good for smelling and sampling stuff. Besides that, maybe Chinatown (asian food malls = yummo), and Darling Harbour precinct/park area.
They let them shit on PT?
You need that asterisk because I've seen some atrocious stuff on the western line :P That's weird to me because what happens then? They just leave the shit or what?
Bang for buck. Setting up a lab implies you have the precursors, which are also controlled, and have a chemist or someone that isn't just an opportunistic idiot, plus a location etc.
Anyone involved with drugs is subhuman scum worthy of scorn, as if police ever represented a different face publicly.
If you actually look at and consider the damage alcohol continues to do to our society, you cannot seriously consider legal methamphetamine. It's more addictive and vastly more damaging to the brain in a shorter period of time. Alcoholics, opiate users etc all have a chance of a full recovery if they can beat the addiction and stay off the drug. Ice users don't get that. They are damaged for life after heavy use. Decriminalisation and a stronger focus on recovery programs, for sure. But ice should forever remain illegal.
Agree.
Cronulla has a smell?
Very easy to spot overweight people, it's just hidden by clothes well. It's anything above the normal BMI range up to obese.
Yep, CBD feels like it bises towards healthier BMI's. Anything outside of it where cars are more prominent and basically everyone is overweight.
Why does this have to turn into the suffering Olympics? Can't we just note that there were multiple minorities hurt by it and finish the discussion there? I don't mean to aim this directly at you but the whole discussion in general.
Time and maybe a bit of booze.
&gt;I'd rather be free to make my own mistakes and I think you're underestimating people's intelligence &amp; self worth. Not at all, people are exactly as stupid as the marketing experts know they are. Like I said, these markets exist, they are designed to extort the so called 'free will' of these 'whales' and other cashed up buyers in perpetuity. &gt;The government never gives up the power we grant it. Using the cigarette example, look how vaping has been sucked into the same legislation as cigarettes. Even tho vaping is healthier, and the govt may have meant well with the original laws around cigarettes, now the govt is so addicted to the tax dollars that they'd prefer smokers keep killing themselves with cigarettes than switch to vaping. This is a seperate argument altogether, RE the government not ceding power it has, which everyone agrees is bad. It's a slippery slope too, however.
Here as in the daily threads and such? They are noticeably quieter. The sub itself seems to keep careening on the same old pics and such.
You guys realise there's not just rich people living in that catchment yeah? Like it encompasses Surry Hills and Woolloomooloo lol
It's not a poor suburb, it's a mix just like most of the suburbs in the catchment short of a few exceptions.
NO ONE SAID SURRY HILLS IS A POOR SUBURB. Stop strawmanning crap.
Pff, it was AC weather yesterday. Dry heats are fine but the last few days have been rancid. I was out and about in shorts and t shirt at 12am and it was still too fucking hot.
The bulk plans are amazing man, Kogan have continuously been throwing data at us every few months too. I had a look around last time mine ran out and found nothing better that didn't include handsets.
Why not though, if they can be? Not sure if they're Australians or what but we should have little tolerance for individuals that think they're above the law, Islamic or otherwise. Clearing land illegally and blatantly refusing to participate in our legal system afterwards is just not on, it doesn't matter what your skin colour is.
Thanks :)
It's one of my favourite hikes! The ascent to Mt Solitary from Ruined Castle end is sublime, and the views from up there stretch out north as south depending on the lookout so you get plenty of both. Probably the best hike in Katoomba area, although not the easiest.
Thank you :)
Trains have gotta be the worst place to try it. If you crash, the whole carriage knows.
It is. Even on a motorcycle (5L/100km) you'd be looking at $8 to go 100km to Central from Leura, and that's just counting petrol not the cost of ownership or servicing or tolls. So yes it's a bargain.
So sad this burnt down. Hard to believe something so apparent on Sydney's sky line was built and gone in less than 5 years.
Funny but that would piss heaps of people off haha
It wasn't economic freedom. They were economic reforms overseen by a pseudo-dictator, who was eventually assassinated and followed by more coups and instability. It was more a case of government driven growth complimented by favourable circumstances (nudging into the Japanese export market, foreign $$$$ from the West buying shit, etc). Many factors went into their prosperity beyond "economic freedom". The problem with NK isn't that they don't receive money, it's that their glorious leader spends it all on an ineffectual military and missile program. Recently KJU has placed more focus on economic development, but still heavily restricts its operation, nonetheless this has brought more cash in which is why we're seeing better missiles in the last few years after decades of garbage ones.
Well done :)
In my anecdotal experience and (admittedly lacking) knowledge of ketosis, it doesn't quite work as advertised by some adherents in this regard. As in, you can eat carbs briefly at certain levels and your body can remain adapted to ketones. So a bit of a refeed or carb up for literally one day shouldn't be a huge deal, or in the least the 'keto flu' won't be an issue after the marathon is done because your body was already adapted to it.
Goes to show that this cutting edge phone post processing is impressive but there's no compensating for the glass at the end of the day.
&gt;and an Alex Grey print done on A4 at the local library. I feel personally attacked.
Yeah no one calls it that in passing lol
Meh, this applies to new work places, hobbies, even dates. Dates were worse to start with because the pretext is, you know, romance. Unless you're going to drinks just to romance someone (don't do this) then it's not terribly different to anything else with strangers. After a while you get to know a few people there too so it's not complete strangers.
I found one nifty use for the Carlingford line in going from Rydalmere to the eastern suburbs. Literally walk off the city circle train and straight onto the Bondi one. Lovely.
I don't struggle to appreciate this city because despite the politics, some of the fuck heads living here and their idiotic value systems, it's a world class city in many respects filled with so much natural beauty. I've been to cities that I loved and would also be able to live in, but they're not necessarily better than Sydney.
Hot on the heels of the PM begging people to buy more shit to keep the profits rolling. Not happy until the economy has consumed the planet.
No one's going apeshit, you're strawmanning the original commenter and the other person. Their comments were very reasonable and not emotionally charged at all.
Reporting for duty. I will let you down for the low, low price of $50.
They're good crowd control. People are scared of them.
Only thing Chinese about this are the owners.
Lol imagine applying the same logic to tweakers or junkies. People on drugs are often annoying, especially strong drugs like alcohol, fuck off with that shit.
&gt; The prevalence of alcoholism and domestic abuse was staggering Good thing we sorted these issues out with legalisa- oh..
Can't wheelie a boat, checkmate
You can do it but it takes way more effort to buy it illegally. Just shows how it was during prohibition.
Damn, that's what I thought.
Plenty of us poor folks in the East :)
Usually a bit of a nightmare getting in at that time but feel free to! It's a good vibe the whole night from everyone, even the police. They probably won't pick on you for alcohol unless you're being a fuckhead about it publicly, heaps of people were drinking openly last year without issue.
Yeah Darling Harbour is shit don't go there lol
You can do it without using electricity in that sense, via photoelectrochemical water splitting, where you just split water directly with sunlight. Either way even if we get fusion or just mass scale renewables to drive it, hydrogen cars still offer a few minor advantages on electric ones (largely the ability to refuel very quickly and arguably better range).
Unless you get that hydrogen directly from solar water splitting and not from electrolysis.
It appears incorrect but it's just a [vestigial phrasing](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/58102/two-films-dont-a-revolution-make-is-this-sentence-grammatically-correct).
Did you pick shrooms intentionally here? They're like the safest illicit drug by all objective standards.
That's a word I'd never thought I'd see round these parts. You really are a unicorn.
Seems smartest to just focus on the problem beaches then right?
Well this all comes down to what you determine to be important :P I mean I don't think anyone will argue infrastructure isn't instrumental but to argue that the entire world of illicit substances is "dangerous and unnecessary" is more than a bit ignorant of what lies out there, much less how the wide world of unregulated substances is viewed by experts.
It's not really basically impossible, you can get a gram or so of crystal MDMA pretty easily on the net and that'd put most of us in the hospital. I mean no one really does that much for fun but it's definitely within the realm of possibility. It's not ketamine or LSD or weed where the LD50 is on another planet.
Not as a rule, this is a bit of a myth. Generally the sexes aren't all that different in terms of inherent mental game, it's mostly individual factors.
It's more complicated than just testosterone but yeah more or less women just aren't built to compete in that way, I'm not sure why that's an unappealing fact, there's a reason domestic violence not only disproportionately affects women but kills them too.
&gt; Gender discrimination if it ever existed is shameful, and in 2018 everyone's embraced that. But nobody has proven to me that less female pilots was a result of some cultural bias versus less women applying, and, frankly, less women qualifying. You're fooling yourself then, because regardless of all this nonsense going on with selection, women objectively *don't* get the same experience men do in their background and upbringing. We know women and men really aren't that different mentally, barring some major exceptions. There's no real biological reason we see less women in STEM, or less female pilots, or drivers, or whatever; they're not shit at the job by default, it's other cultural factors that push them into some fields over others. This also creates a bias in qualified female pilots too; without encouragement or opportunity to take certain educational paths, not only is there less interest but also fewer candidates capable of *being* a pilot. Note that this can be true while things like women generally being more inclined to be nurterers (carer roles, nurses, daycare/child teaching) can also be true. Yes, you see less men than women in those roles, maybe on rare occasions men aren't really encouraged to pursue those roles (and this is also bad), but *never* are men barred or prevented from being, say, a nurse. Either directly or indirectly. The point is just that we need to address these cultural forces somehow, and the best way for a group like the military to do so is to directly discriminate during selection since they can't change society.
This is going down a rabbit hole but I just can't agree. People get addicted to cannabis, it's not meth or heroin but there are definitely people with debilitating pot habits out there. The worst you'll get with shrooms is a panic attack or psychotic break, both of which are entirely possible with cannabis too. Some people have killed themselves when tripping, but they are exceptional cases.
I'll contact my bikie mates ;) Will grab some from Coles on the way through, around 1.30 to 2?
Yeah, it's the expensive one.
Cheap for Jones maybe ;)
I'm still mulling over how bullshit the weather was, definitely a year to remember. Cheers for organising!
What
Exams are objectively terrible for measuring learning tho
The South is better off being ignored not swayed. Trump didn't win because people were mean to idiots, he won because Dems didn't vote.
He's just stacked your courts with corporate bootlickers and mega conservatives, filled governmental positions with yes man swamp monsters, completely disregarded the Paris agreement, degraded social discourse and incessantly attacked all media that isn't 100% positive about him. The list is endless. Anyone that thinks Trump is doing fine isn't paying attention.
Lol you're free to deny reality but none of that is conspiratorial or hyperbolic, it's a statement of facts freely available on the web. Live in your bubble if you like, you're right it's your country going to shit.
I'm ignoring the rest. It's good you don't go to obviously partisan sources but you can still afford to do better than you are. &gt;It was a crap deal for our country Climate change is and will cost every country's economy more than some temporary pain in the form of less coal, gas, oil etc. Possibly to the point the economy collapses due to food insecurity, climate refugees, etc. &gt; we're still meeting those emission reduction goals [No you are not.](https://climateactiontracker.org/countries/usa/) America is doing abysmally and keeping us on track for ~4C warming. Some cities/states are trying on a local level but this is a federal issue and Trump is blatantly pro-coal and anti-climate change. &gt;Also, hell yeah I love that he exerts his first amendment rights against the press. This can be done (and has been done, by every president in living memory besides perhaps Nixon) respectfully and tactfully, in other words not blasting every remotely critical outlet as "fake news", and limiting press access to just those he likes. Not to mention the consorting with Fox News.
We're out of time mate, the temperature has already increased and we're not acting anywhere near fast enough to negate significant increases. We're looking at 3-5C right now, 2-3 is almost certainly unavoidable. Best get prepared.
You don't need professional help to determine that you don't feel anything sexual and never really have. Things like hormones can be checked but if he's always been that way then it's the same as trying to tie medical conditions to homosexuality. It's just who they are.
It's unlikely hormones result in years worth of consistent behaviour though.. It's more for a changing sex drive.
That's true. I just find the prevailing medical "check your hormones" kind of insulting. My partner has had that thrown at her incessantly and checks always show them as OK. In my eyes if someone has *always* been fine with zero to no sex/intimacy, they're most likely to be somewhere on the ace spectrum. A hormone issue would be reflected in a fluctuating libido (i.e "my wife used to love sex now doesn't").
Yeah maybe, some people are sex repulsed is all
I'd put Huffpo below Guardian. Guardian definitely has a left slant but it's generally well written. Huffpo even I tend to dislike.
I wouldn't call anything remotely gender related or pro-women leftist but you do you. I mean even the LNP have a strong female cabinet. Isn't that telling you something?
That's basically what I've heard too.
I agree, we need a measured approach to drug legislation that isn't the current "if not profitable, ban it", but similarly isn't just open slather buying meth/heroin from the shops. Some things ought not to be easily acquired, but I don't think small amounts of anything should carry criminal charges.
Can I have sources for this? I don't doubt it I'd just like backup if I ever cite Amazon's cruelty
Maybe but so is anyone that posts on TD so can't blame him.
I thought generally if you're eating fake meat products, cereals, plant milks etc you're probably hitting your B12 requirements.
Lmao yeah upvotes are my greatest concern
Er, cut heroin just risks overdoses, the high itself is addictive like any opiod high. No opiods are 'safe' in that way, even weak ones like codeine, they should all be restricted.
Doesn't it seem somewhat obnoxious to make a comment like that on the post to begin with?
That's not how taxes work though, well designed they have the power to encourage economic change in the route the government wants. Some people would inevitably absorb it but many wouldn't.
&gt;We are living in the most prosperous time in all of humanity with rates of poverty and extreme poverty crashing and free market economies are a massive part of that change. We're also seeing resources consumed at a rate well beyond sustainable levels, mass environmental destruction and as a result of these issues a looming climate/resource centered collapse of western living standards. What we do about these problems is largely irrelevant to the fact that our civilisation, and especially the economic forces that underpin it, have ruined the planet.
Because there's no point at looking at one hypothetical where the owner can absorb the tax. It's a systemic shift you're looking to make, there'll always be exceptions.
Lol but the whole point is intstituting a tax that can't be absorbed, that's why I included "well designed" in the original comment.
You're right there's zero demand for things like beyond burger 🤔
/u/steveurkelsextape [confirmed Josh Frydenberg](https://i.imgur.com/4Mu5JAh.jpg)
/u/sydneysausage confirmed /u/Cakey1
Lol why'd they put the dehydrating bit in there? Wet mushrooms are a pain.
That joke needs a counter :P
Worry about that when we get the masses of ICE cars off the roads.
Yeah it's going a bit far down the victim complex hole. I mean that's why we're all here, right? Because CF means you get more time, more money, more biological mileage.
You're thinking of pure nicotine, tobacco is not nicotine it just contains it. Tobacco is absolutely associated with its own health issues separate to the additives in cigarettes. Nicotine on its own, when chewed, is fine and arguably healthy but remains physically addictive.
Mushrooms aren't plants 😠
&gt; I'm not quite sure at what point mushrooms became illegal, or why. Lumped in with LSD under Nixon.
We are all complicit though, even the biggest environmental activists among us. Guilt is the burden of being born into this system. Unless we're talking someone posting to Reddit from their horticulture shack in the wilderness :P
Tbf we've farmed for millennia too and that's not natural at all, in fact arguably it ruined us lol Need to think in bigger time scales. Our ancestors didn't eat meat and nor do our closest surviving cousins (in large amounts anyway). It was a handy adaption but that's ultimately irrelevant to our modern sedentary society.
Alcohol is just as bad because it often goes with meat dishes. When you stop drinking alcohol for whatever reason you see, like meat, how pervasive and gross its presence is in our social circles.
It won't be something that happens overnight. We're talking about the climate. Weather will change gradually, as it already is. More freak events, more and longer droughts in some areas with more rain in others, Winter as the east coast knows it will gradually disappear, crops may begin to fail due to any of the above reasons and other various factors that feed into our quality of life will degrade as a result. Over the period of a decade or longer those alive will be able to look back on the early 21st Century and remember how different things were and how much better we had it. Warming is taking place now and will continue to ramp up as nothing is done throughout the 2020's to 2050's or so, which by that time the effects will be clear and ability to do something long gone.
This is cringe. No one cares what star wars fans think the same way no one cares about anguished comic book nerds crying when those movies get something wrong. Star wars is a pop culture cash cow. They only care if normies see it and they will.
When the game has a 99% chance of being a loss it's easier to give up and let it end so we can move on to a real match. After all we're here for fun not to constantly get rolled by a superior QM comp/stack.
Doctors won't help with benzos at all. I recommend sourcing something like phenibut if you can and tapering yourself.
Definitely requires a top down approach but personally I ease my conscience by trying to reduce my footprint where possible.
Going plant based or selling your car is still an improvement though. It's too hard for me to participate in such systems knowing their impact, kids or not.
If we suddenly went infertile overnight that'd be great. Annihilation is more suffering because it's active.
Same. I started off flexitarian just trying to reduce animal products where possible. Ended up basically full vegan over a period of months. What's important is I learned to cook more shit from raw ingredients and eat less packaged foods. I still support my local alternative meat options, but they're not staples. I love my veggies and nuts more now and all that stuff is dirt cheap.
Still rubbish. You buy the game and end up having to engage in gambling to unlock desirable skins. That blizzard are more loose with handing them out doesn't change the fact it's an exploitative gambling mechanic that only exists to make them more money.
If you think drugs are just ice and heroin then you're probably best served by not opening your mouth on the topic. Most of society already agrees drugs aren't bad. We're just selective about which ones.
Only dense individuals make this argument. Germs and viruses? Really?
Am I wrong or is that a weird place to deal/solicit? Even at 3.30am Bourke/William intersection is probably one of the busier thoroughfares in the area. Loitering there isn't really weird at all, nor is it that far from the Rocks. Wonder what the police were thinking.
WoW's not really an RPG, even if it has it in the name. It's a gear treadmill, which is fine but I wouldn't compare it to traditional offline RPG games. Which there are plenty of for better value.
I'm glad I wasn't the last person to realise this.
WoW is a gear treadmill. Horde vs Alliance may be perceived as important but it's only really as important as blizzard dictates, as the game's lore is window dressing and basically a complete dumpster fire these days. The concept featured early in the game's lore and at certain points in the expansion cycles but it's definitely not core to the game anymore. It wasn't even a major part of WC3.
WoW is many things but a work of art is not one of them lmao
This is a bit hyperbolic, pubs are still open in the CBD until lockouts kick in which is in the AM. But after work hours they're definitely kicking. The Cross is basically dead 24/7 now and the nightlife across the busier parts of the metro area has taken a hit but it's not like it's impossible to get some grog at a pub at night.
Fiat hucksters WISH they had a currency that could spike 50% in a day! BLOCKCHAIN FOREVER
I'm aware of people jumping the fence to get those juicy insta shots
It is fair to say the CBD feels comparatively dead at night. Kings Cross is the biggest example, like night and day the old Cross compared to now.
This is why MoP was good to take a break from that shit.
What's going to replace them on the Carlingford line?
Yeah I'd say something like that too. That's just the context I have with my SO and how we both would approach the issue.
They'll get exactly what they deserve and that includes no sympathy or support from myself.
Er.. Because toxic masculinity pervades society. I'd have trouble even defining what 'toxic femininity' is. There's plenty of things both genders engage in that are toxic behaviours but toxic masculinity is a fairly well defined set of male oriented behaviours that run rampant in our society.
The first week or two with dieting is usually rough but like everything once in the groove it's easy. Running is similar but kinda always remains somewhat uncomfortable lol
Just don't go circular quay haha
We can't. At this stage you're better off managing your own mental health, adjusting to a low footprint life, and moving somewhere that isn't going to get fucked by the changes/refugees
Probably but it's the truth. Scientists are saying some truly terrifying things even under conservative modelling, don't see a point in sugar coating reality
Have you tried iron pills and vitamin C? Meat really doesn't have that much iron, it's only slightly more bioavailable. I know anemic folk that went vegan and had no issues especially with pills, eating more meat didn't do anything to fix it.
I'm vegan in between meals. Don't judge me or you're hurting the cause
I think it's a stretch to say bivalves can suffer. If we want to extend it this far we might also want to take another look at fungi, because they're not plants either and are really closer to animals, even though they also cannot suffer in any reasonable context of the word. I don't like or eat oysters either. But be reasonable
where is this logical leap coming from? Do you realise most humans around the world are in a state of suffering right now? Why does it take a few fires in a first world country for you to suddenly go full sympathy and shut down all fun?
Lowering population doesn't mean we can keep living as we do, it just means we can do it for longer
None of those tweets are saying Trump supporters should be systemically wiped out, just that there's no point engaging them, which there isn't
The blokes calling her a bitch and making other misogynist comments on my Facebook seems to indicate that yeah Gillard was objectively a good leader, probably the most productive period in our politics in the last 20 years despite a minority government and Tony fucking Abbott screeching incessantly.
He's not my PM mate
You've linked a tweet where he literally says he's not advocating eugenics to prove that he's favourable of eugenics?
It's the balding comment that set a lot of them off I reckon
It took a few comments but you've finally got a comment that seems to show what you wanted haha Btw I'm not downvoting you
Libs owning the libs by the owning the libs
Ironically the offshore processing is what makes them "leeches", because they're not able to work and pay taxes and instead cost the taxpayer millions of dollars. And if we want to start sinking the boot into welfare cheats, we should start with franking credits
Many more are eaten unnecessarily
You lot will go on incessantly about how climate change is tied to these fires but the second anyone challenges your personal choices [which are directly related](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://amp.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/dec/04/animal-agriculture-choking-earth-making-sick-climate-food-environmental-impact-james-cameron-suzy-amis-cameron&amp;ved=2ahUKEwid5cPtjefmAhV1meYKHS3qBPkQFjACegQIDxAK&amp;usg=AOvVaw37WugkIqBeEuV1TFPiMxFC&amp;ampcf=1) the knee jerk "it isn't the time" triggering comes out This is literally the exact same argument the liberals trotted out when this all started. Oh it's not the time to talk about climate change towns are burning bla bla inner city lunatics etc. Absolute hypocrites
Doesn't that seem even more absurd to you? That the vast majority of animals on the planet are destined for meat? I'll never understand how people can parse the staggering nature of animal agriculture while still claiming to care about the millions dying in these fires. They all suffer the same when they die.
Do you not understand how Reddit works? You don't need to talk about anything. No one's forcing you to engage with the like 10 vegan posts on this thread. What's happening here is you're seeing people point out your discordant feelings and getting very upset as a result. If you can't face up to your own hypocrisy then I couldn't give less of a fuck about stereotypes because you weren't going to change diets anyway. People go vegan because they see the facts and decide they don't want any part in it anymore. People that decide their tastebuds are more important than the climate or animals lives, or get upset over someone pointing out animal ag is one of the biggest emissions sources, were never going to go vegan anyway. And tbqh I don't care if triggered folk like yourself don't join the cause. I'm quite happy just making you uncomfortable.
So you can't justify it? Extinction is bad I agree, but why is it worse than suffering? Suffering is probably the worst thing about living, especially in a context where it's perpetuated constantly for little justification. It's good you agree agriculture and these extinctions are linked though.
You might want to take a look at the documentary Dominion.
The fact you're getting upset, especially initially, and saying these posts are in bad taste, shows you're uncomfortable. People comfortable with their lifestyle choices don't get triggered over facts. You are behaving just like Republicans do when there's a shooting and people bring up gun control It's interesting you think vegans make light of animal suffering by trying to open your eyes. Every single one of us objectively care more about these animals dying, in fires or otherwise, because of our lifestyle choices. It's honestly disgusting you claim to care so much about animal suffering when I'm sure you contribute a great deal of it in your daily life, through emissions that end up killing many innocents like this in fires and meat products. And yeah like I said I never intended to change minds mate. You're a hypocrite and that's that
Yes I agree on all counts but you've not explained why extinction as a concept is worse than suffering. The scale of extinction is awful yes but if we're talking scale, millions of animals are slaughtered daily. The suffering is immense and overwhelming in comparison.
It's fun to see people say livestock serves no biological niche when it's all too common to see the 'regenerative farming' folks trying to defend pasture beef as if it maintains our natural vegetation. Which isn't to say you're saying that, just a note
They didn't do it so much as they got dragged kicking and screaming into it
It's funny how upset people get about calls to fuck them off. Oh poor senior ministerial figure what will they do if they step down? Leave a pretty well paid job for an even more well paid private job? I feel so bad for them.
Urkel posts just make me want to seize the means of production
Oh, you said an entire species no longer existing which is what I was thinking of
Tony's already handled it better without trying. He'd be absolutely immune to criticism once a single shot of him came out in the firefighter garb like it did the other week
What past achievements? Medicare, NBN, literally everything renewables related, Gonski, NDIS, snowy hydro.. I'm probably forgetting tons of shit, all that is Labor. Drawing a blank on Malcolm's achievements. Tony had anti achievements (gutting the NBN and repealing carbon pricing is not an achievement). What did Howard achieve? GST? The M7? Am I too biased to steelman the LNP?
Yeah but imagine talking to people who love him, armed with those firefighting photos. And the Murdoch media spamming them everywhere. He was horrendous at the time and still had plenty of support, scomo seems to be crashing and burning right now
Fucking Tony can't keep his big mouth shut
Hunting was more recent, we began as opportunistic scavengers of meat and always relied heavily on plant calories simply because plants are everywhere. We're talking ancestors here, not niche communities like the Inuit who have pure animal diets. There are still hunter gatherer societies around now and they don't subsist on that much meat, their calories are 70-90% plants depending on their hunting success. Our society has become meat addicted and it's killing ourselves and the environment
But you could always go low meat/no meat until then ;)
Please, it's not fair to use broccoli there. No one eats broccoli for calories. It's a nutrient food that even meat eaters should be eating if they don't want deficiencies. Compare legumes or grains.
I'm not sure what you're saying here. I addressed this further up the thread too. What you said above is like saying oh this packet of wheat flour has way more calories than this chicken breast haha dumb vegans
We're in fire season now, nearly half the year has been extended to be fire season 😔
That number surely isn't too dissimilar to the RFS historical figures
Can I ask what country you're in and where you get your food? In Australia everyone has access to cheap vegan food basically everywhere, what some places lack access to would be beyond meat stuff because remote markets won't stock it. But beans, lentils, grains, veggies, spices, oils? You betcha and they're all dirt cheap
"I care about voting for the greens but one rabid lefty made me vote scomo FUCK YOU CLIMATE STRIKERS" - Galaxy brain take that definitely exists
It doesn't take 30 years to get there, it's just a matter of having access to the information. I was raised thinking chickens lay eggs without repercussions, cows need milking or they die and create it year round naturally, and we can't subsist without meat in our diets especially as athletes. None of that turned out to be true after I was educated by activists.
If they die for food we don't need and isn't particularly good for us anyway then it was pointless all the same, right? Only difference is it sucks more to burn to death. But either way it's a life wasted.
This has nothing to do any agendas. The animals in the OP were destined for a needless death and the only reason people feel sad about it is because they died slightly more painfully or couldn't be eaten in the end. The result is the same regardless and it's entirely pertinent to point this hypocrisy out. If people care about animals they shouldn't eat them, it's simple. We don't live in a survival state where we need animal flesh to persist.
There seems to be a discordance here. If you feel bad about it then why do it? Honestly.
Lol that's what I get for watching this at 5am, no it is definitely not a DC-10. In my defence the video was shit.
Wait so is it appropriate to share vegan talking points or not? I'm confused.
You can but then it's not really caring about animals, is it? It's just being sad that a bunch of money was burned. But I imagine people aren't as sad when a factory burns down. So there's a bit more going on here. Thus the vegan comments.
"Maybe you should all be vegan if you care about animals" is mocking and not a suggestion? :\
Not when we're talking feeling empathy for livestock they'd eat anyway :P
Wrong bucko. We're both dead from rampant protein deficiency and B12 withdrawals. I'm posting from the grave right now.
I guess I mostly aimed that not at you but this sub. It gets *very* insufferable around here over anything remotely political and I say that as a hardcore leftist.
Likewise!
&gt; I absolutely love the scene where ordinary people express their thoughts on the Rumbling, that was something that I felt was missing after Zackley's assassination aka this subreddit circa the last 2 issues
Yeah alright, but in context that wasn't as concerning, given it was a period of rapid cooling beforehand. Right now we're staring down a mean global temperature increase close to as high as it's ever been in Earth's biological history, and over a period of decades.
Jesus I'm agreeing with baddazoner. 2020 is off to a weird start
&gt; Because animal exploitation still happens doesn't mean we're not moving forward, do you genuinely think that if the world's food demands was increasingly shifting towards vegetarian products we would not see an increase in veganism and a decrease in animal products ? Wether or not the carbon footprint is higher than veganism or controlled diets will simply not matter if you consider the impact that a near meat-free food industry will have on future society. I gave you a link that described certain cases where flexitarians actually have a smaller footprint than vegetarians. It is not a bad thing to critique baby step diets, especially when it's laughably easy for most of the population to just stop eating a few food products. &gt;Which is already widely replaced by artificial rennet ( Almost entirely when it comes to industrial cheese ). The very small amount of cheeses still using rennet extracted from animals are "traditional cheeses" such as "real" parmesan, even though you can find tons of cheeses illegally named parmesan that are using the usual industrial artifical rennet process. This is what i mean by vegans pushing back on very viable alternatives. Can you substantiate this? Wikipedia indicates that calf enzymes are still standard practice for many cheeses. This whole thing seems a bit silly too; just stop eating cheese, it's unhealthy, unnecessary, expensive and regardless of rennet still explotative of cattle. If it somehow turned out growing broccoli meant we needed to bash baby piglets over the head then I'm sure everyone would just stop eating it lol &gt;I've not once rejected the facts you presented me with, i have no problem with veganism as a concept and enjoy the idea that veganism is more and more popular. But i have a problem with veganism as a movement. The vocal vegan community prefer to flaunt that they're supposedly morally superior rather than finding solutions and/or spread information without being condescending, which is why i even posted to this thread, because some vegans prefer to spend their free time mocking people that felt empathy for animals being burned to death. Telling people to "go vegan" isn't mocking them, nor is pointing out obvious hypocrisy. &gt;so are the near entirety of pesticides used for any kind of modern large scale farming You might want to eat less meat then, what do you think animals eat? ;) &gt;I'm sorry but i would rather see your sources, because that sounds completely wrong. The only online ressources that suggested that also suggested non-sense such as meat is bad because it contains a small amount of natural sugar. No, I am not referring to clear nonsense like that. I have already addressed it in passing. Generally speaking, the prime cuts of meat we enjoy (not organs, people find them YUCK) are notable for: - B12. Addressed this. It's bacterially derived and in many cases just supplemented to the animals themselves. - Iron. Heme or not, [meat contains about the same amount of iron per 100g as iron rich veggies](http://apjcn.nhri.org.tw/server/info/books-phds/books/foodfacts/html/data/data5e.html). This will vary with some vegetables and plant sources, such as cocoa, due to natural compounds blocking absorption to an extent, but doesn't matter when you're eating a healthy varied diet due to the amount of iron you'd be consuming. In terms of anemia, or certain women with high iron requirements (i.e runners, pregnant), neither meat nor vegetables are generally going to be adequate and pills should be taken instead. - Zinc. Similar story as with iron, less bioavailable but a varied diet covers it. - Complete protein. Moot point as no one eats just 1 type of plant protein in their diet. - Omega 3:6. Fish is probably the only compelling meat for this reason alone as vegans and vegetarians will have trouble with DHA and EPA specifically. But sources of O3, like chia, even if ALA, have been found to be adequate for nutrition. There is also the question of consuming mollusks, which some will argue are vegan, and contain a great deal of O3. - Vitamin D. Get more sun or take supplements. Everything else (B vitamins, niacin, etc) are plentiful in plant sources. For a meagre amount of these above nutrients, you get [inflammation](https://www.pnas.org/content/112/2/542?utm_content=bufferb1c33&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=twitter.com&amp;utm_campaign=buffer), saturated fats (unless you're only eating chicken breast) and a subsequent small increase in health risks. &gt;The article you linked doesn't mention veganism anywhere, it's about vegetarianism. The closest thing we will find are cohort studies in the coming years, which might not be factual since it's more of an observation rather than a research. I linked 3 studies, which included vegan participants, moreover there are [many](https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/proceedings-of-the-nutrition-society/article/longterm-health-of-vegetarians-and-vegans/263822873377096A7BAC4F887D42A4CA) [more](https://www.liebertpub.com/doi/abs/10.1089/rej.2006.0529?casa_token=jf7i1VZmDDIAAAAA%3A9tAfN9R6uoK117rlOcWJdosey7WqQzAk8ndHxii5Oki-Zssylr8PyBsZ6gwf18IqbQf45iIVSXX0sA&amp;) that I can find with more than 3 seconds of googling. There is always more research needed but that is not a valid excuse to question the health of cutting out animal products; all major health bodies recognise the benefits at this time, even if it is just vegetarianism. &gt;I would very much like you and others to understand that many non-vegans agree that the current meat industry is not only inefficient but also cruel, and even though we won't change drastically, minor adjustments pave the way for bigger change. I don't think people actually agree with that, otherwise they'd reduce their consumption. Flexitarianism, veganism, vegetarianism is on the rise, but so is meat consumption thanks to a globally developing middle class. Contrary to what you may think, I believe flexitarianism to be a totally valid approach to the problem, but most people I interact with both here and irl won't even go that far. Or they engage with empty promises like "I'm trying to reduce my consumption" while eating meat and milk 2x a day instead of 3. It's not going to get us there, people need to try, and they need to harmonise their discordant feelings if they have them.
It depends what and how much they use to sedate the person.
You're missing the point. I simply (and correctly) pointed out that murdering animals is impossible because murder is a legal term that does not apply to killing animals under any circumstances, as you've also now proven by providing the definition above. To address what you've said above directly: paying someone to kill someone is still murder :)
You're free to interpret what I said however you want but it doesn't change it being fact. No country includes the killing of animals under the legal definition of murder, animal abuse laws sure but not murder. Paying for someone else to kill someone also constitutes murder under Australian law, so it would be murder if we defined it that way. There's not much else to say.
Ah yes but I didn't say it made you a slave owner. I just asked if buying slave-made products means you're involved in slavery. There's not much point discussing this if you're not going to be intellectually honest. We both understand that no one is putting hits on cows, discussing the metaphor in literal terms is just obstructive. Unless you believe that the ethically relevant portion of the transaction is the specific act of hiring a hitman and not the overall concept of exchanging money for a death, then the comparison is reasonable. Moreover, legislation agrees with me because paying for a killing doesn't mean you can avoid a murder charge. But since this has clearly been a bad faith discussion on your behalf from the get go I think I'll just leave it there.
No, just the biggest ones
&gt;The fighting that occurs between motorists and cyclists and pedestrians is so stupid Especially given most of us are both pedestrians and motorists, and most cyclists are probably pedestrians and motorists too lol
No idea about that faculty. What campus as well? WSU is fine because it really doesn't matter that much what University you go to, they're all selling you an expensive piece of paper that most of the time doesn't really qualify you for anything. It can be a pain in the arse because there's way too many campuses and classes can also be spread across them. I personally found the social aspects of WSU pretty poor; the clubs are mostly non-existent and you get very little exposure to other people beyond the 4 units you're doing at any given time. Lots of people also tended to gtfo as soon as they landed a credit average to another uni, so groups fell apart after each semester. I would also say students are lazier but I don't have undergrad experience at other uni's so I could be wrong (this of course doesn't matter if you're not doing group work anyway). There's also a weird lack of focus on research quality here but that's probably not relevant to you. Besides that, the facilities and teaching quality (generally) are fine ime. If the campus is close to you and you got an offer there but not elsewhere, just go for it, and consider changing universities later if desired. Jobs are primarily about experience and connections, not the logo on your degree.
NO FLY ZONES NO FLY ZONES NO FLY ZONES NO FLY ZONES NO FLY ZONES NO FLY ZONES NO FLY ZONES
Economists are dick heads
FUCKING HOT WOMEN USING THEIR BODY FOR MONEY REEEEEE
Had them for hundreds of years mate and people still did shitty things. Some humans are just broken
If someone conflates the suffering of animals with the living experience of plants, they're trolling and not engaging in good faith. Furthermore OP made no claims that they're not eating living things anymore, they just wish to avoid the suffering created by animal agriculture.
The reduction of suffering is relevant to both veganism and antinatalism you knuckle dragger
We actually can't make steel without coal, like there are ways we're looking at developing but none have been brought to market. We sell a ton of this coking coal to China for steel we then buy back and use in basically everything. What do you think wind turbines are made of? Even solar panels utilise steel in their structure (but not their function). This isn't an argument against obviously superior forms of energy generation (coking coal =! power generation coal which is objectively stupid at this time and should've been phased out yesterday), just that we should recognise that coal cannot be totally phased out at this point in time, unless we're happy living similar lifestyles to before steel was used in basically every structure.
Vegetablitis. It's deadly and very common
ItS aBoUt StAtEs RiGHtS
This is irrelevant. Veganism is defined as not eating animal products. Eating plants that animals may have died to grow is still vegan because you're eating plants. You can't eat meat or animal products and be vegan. Words have definitions. End of.
They're not really. We hear about meth and heroin addicts more because it's more sensationalised, but alcoholism is just as damaging to the individual, probably moreso. So many health conditions associated with heavy use, whereas you can use heroin your entire life and the only risk you'll run into is accidental overdose, no cancers or anything.
It's not really to do with the food. Grass is also inefficient because cattle are large animals and require a great deal of energy just living. It'd be the same if we fed humans broccoli then harvested them for meat, it's a two step process where the limiting factor is the animal making the meat
Dunno, people checking into emergency with bad trips I imagine
&gt; No, i was saying the addictive properties of both alcohol and say, herion are not equivalent, yes im sure ther are casual herion users, but a higher percentage of overall users will be addicted to herion than alcohol &gt; &gt; Suffice to say, casual herion users are the exeption not the rule Nah it's not that different man. There are figures out there I've seen in published research, the rate of addiction is difficult to estimate but it's something like 15-20% for alcohol and 20-30% for heroin/meth, whereas weed is 5% or something. The "one use and you're addicted" thing is a popular myth. You don't have to believe me because I'm too lazy to go weed through scholar to find the papers I'm thinking of. This is just my feeling based on all the shit I've read and my personal experiences. &gt;Cool, irrelevant, i use weed, doesnt make me a professor, this is anecdotal, and your experience, you cant sureley claim to speak for every user of xyz drug, authough i do understand your point for what it is, kinda, its a lived experience, so its something, but not too much and not really worth bringing up Not saying I'm a professor, I'm pushing back against the common myth that addiction rates for these drugs are sky high. I've met many people that have used meth and heroin numerous times and never had any issues, but do have issues with alcohol, coke, or ciggies, mostly because of availability, but also because of the subjective highs they experience. Think back to the past as well, where meth was used widely in WWII, heroin was available OTC at one stage (granted this was orally not injected/smoked/snorted, but still), and opium was a major major drug across the east for a good long time (and still somewhat is). The nature of these things is really less nefarious than they're made to be. I'm *not* trying to say we should all use meth/heroin because it's comparable to alcohol in addiction rates, if anything that means we absolutely should not use them because alcohol is horribly addictive and people are better off not knowing how any of them feel. Just trying to contextualise them more.
Are you saying not buying bad things is irrelevant if bad things are increasing in price anyway? What about if you aren't just completely morally bankrupt and give half a shit about the climate?
It's probably fine today. No fires in RNP.
But what if it stops your partner from buying a car? ;) In all honesty it's logical to divest from things you perceive being ethically bad regardless of the money involved. Otherwise nothing's ever going to change until we're forced.
No, the planet's not burning. It's just in the middle of a mass extinction event driven by human activity and record temperature highs. Nothing to be concerned about though!
It's not really about teams or whatever, just this modern "if it makes money = good" mentality that seems to be everywhere. Ads exist to make money from idiot consumers buying shit that they largely don't need, that's not a good thing even if it goes to the state. Rather just pay extra taxes for the things we actually do need, like infrastructure, than pay for marketing dick heads and other bullshit job types out to sell mostly junk or hard drugs in a weird round-a-bout money to the state scheme. Oh and most of them look like shit too
Yeah I know, but why encourage it with advertising? Some things, like theatre or events or donations or whatever, OK fine. But the bulk of ads are stupid shit like car ads, plonk ads, clothing, perfumes etc. Only there to claw their way into your head and try to drive the drop kicks into the store. It's gross, ugly and bloody annoying, especially when state owned and run services do it
TuesdayFentanyl
Build a wall and make the shire pay for it
[Here you go](https://wwoof.com.au/). Although you have to pay to sign up so you can contact hosts, but WWOOFing is basically what you've described.
I mean Disney are aware of what they're doing, even if they weren't in the first they definitely were in the second. This doesn't confirm anything but that's peak modern Disney, where everyone can feel included for maximum box office revenue
I think there's a compelling case that can be made for Elsa and none of those characters, but I really can't be bothered going into it mostly because I don't care that much. Original intent was just to answer what the gay stuff was about.
Yeah, and I'm assuming it is GHB, I just can't tell the difference between the two very well if at all. But who knows, the fucknuckle rapist could've used anything.
If not wanting to live in a 4.5C world is extremist then comrade me up, Marx
With the amount of services on AWS it's basically impossible not to, so yeah there's no avoiding getting cucked by Bezos
It's very weird listening to it take off with zero sound
Cattle really aren't that stupid, they're docile maybe but still entirely capable of feeling pain and suffering. You probably don't interact with them.
Yeah I know environmentalists that fly multiple times a year and have big families. Hypocrites are everywhere
Living traditional western lifestyle: I sleep Someone lets a rat go into the bush: WHAT THE FUCK YOU DUMB IDIOT
Inaccurate. The levels they claim may or may not be true, I cited an Australian source because I'm Australian, the amounts were much lower in comparison. But they suppose it's carcinogenic to begin with, which we're not sure it even is, [because even in studies where they give rats many times the 'safe' daily dose they still don't present statistically significant cancers.](http://npic.orst.edu/factsheets/archive/glyphotech.html) Organic backyard farming is still ideal, but for other reasons (environmental). Glyphosate is not a viable reason to avoid plant products. [Especially because it's still present in your meats, also at negligible levels, but nonetheless detectable.](https://academic.oup.com/jas/article/95/7/3247/4702986)
Yep, and besides blacking out being way easier you can also die because multiple synergistic GABA agonists can suppress breathing enough to get there.
Of course it's a Range Rover
Jesus dude I hope you're doing better now
Real hectic storm drifting in from over the mountains, lots of rumbling and lightning. Hope it buckets
Not yet
Well, not *everyone*
&gt;You post regularly on [/r/TheMandalorianTV](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheMandalorianTV) and [/r/BabyYoda](https://www.reddit.com/r/BabyYoda)... so are you sure that you want to pretend that you don't know what memes are? Come on.. Lmao. After reading his comment this made my day
Well they're wrong on claim 2, more people has done the opposite, it's increased our standard of living (broadly speaking, infrastructure aside we are rich as fuck and escaped the GFC unscathed). Also population growth really has little to do with "less white". There's no way to steelman racists dude. Such positions are inherently irrational. This experiment misses that the law itself doesn't treat every group as equal. You can't discriminate against a protected class of people and expect no legal recourse. An opinion isn't equal to every other opinion just because people have it.
Any nut butter? Nutelex is better than normal butter but there's also garden variety olive and other seed butters at major supermarkets.
Why? This is weird to me but I don't see how it's harmful. Just need to say he's not into it that much and doesn't want to do it
Engaging in kinks is drug addiction? 🤔
Don't those cliffs regularly fall apart anyway?
Fuck these threads are funny. Oh no poor cow farmer had no water his steaks with legs are suffering :( maybe we shouldn't be in a business that's unsustainable, shit for the environment, cruel and unnecessary but nope here's some taxpayer funds for trucked water until the rain rolls in. Btw we care about climate change 🤣 I hope the worsening droughts over the next 100 years do the whole thing in, fuck them
Would've thought caffeine acts first, if I drink a coffee fasted I can feel it in a few minutes probably from absorption through the mouth. Whereas if I eat pure sugar fasted, it's 30-40 minutes before I can feel anything at all in the muscles. If not fasted, caffeine takes ages and feels dulled and sugar does nothing at all
Eh, it's $9 per order for old model riders with Deliveroo. Just looking at the app it's like $40 for a KFC family deal, so just barely above what the delivery guy gets from the cut. It's why they're so unprofitable
Well I mean the libertarian approach takes it too far in the other direction I think, racking ketamine all night might be fine but is shooting meth fine?
&gt; Interestingly, fentanyl is probably safer than alcohol when used correctly. Every drug is safer than alcohol when used correctly, the problem with things like fentanyl it's easier to muck it up in a recreational context. People even manage to overdose on heroin and opium at times. &gt;If you could buy fentanyl or heroin in legal and controlled environments with proper safety precautions just like the food supply chain, there wouldn't be profit to be made adulterating cheap heroin with fentanyl to "improve the high" in illegal bathroom drug labs by people without the skills equipment, or care to get the measurements right. I agree, which is why the government should provide opiods in a controlled context (i.e methadone clinics, doctor supervision), but not the Dan Murphy's model where anyone can wander down to the shop and get some for the night. Opium perhaps should be legal since it's terribly easy to grow and not very dangerous, but the extracted and reacted pharmaceutical opiods (morphine, thebaine derivatives, etc) should remain controlled. &gt;The thing is we maybe don't need to stop everyone from doing those things. Most Ferrari drivers don't lose it and smash into the David Jones store like that guy on Market St the other week. So we go "Meh. Sure that's a fast car, capable of three times the open road speed limit, and that guy got his drivers license 30+ years ago in a Barina. Whatever - we won't even force him to have anything more than 3rd party personal insurance and that old license. If he fucks up it'll be his responsibility." Why do we allow that, but don't allow other people to responsibly use certain opiates/stimulants/depressants/psychadelics? Idiot status cars should also be illegal/taxed into oblivion but I expect revheads would take me to task over that.
Are you a commie now?
[Here's](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.princeton.edu/~deaton/downloads/deaton_kahneman_high_income_improves_evaluation_August2010.pdf&amp;ved=2ahUKEwixpfT9uZPnAhVb6XMBHRdSAZQQFjAAegQIBRAB&amp;usg=AOvVaw0udLubjvdbsW8jxnnecBqp) the study (really not that hard to find, come on). It doesn't quite say what they said it does. It just seems to indicate that happiness thresholds above $75k (USD), which doesn't mean everyone at or above that is equally happy, just that their emotional well being doesn't drastically scale with income beyond it. It's also worth noting there's a lot of six figure jobs out there that are very high stress. The super rich lazy types won't factor into these valuations much because they're a tiny portion of the population. I think it's a pretty reasonable thing to say that around $100k AUD is a pretty cosy income level (well above the average) and in many cases doesn't require significant job responsibilities or even workload.
Mate I think most people in the $200k bracket are pretty happy with where they are. You don't find disaffected /r/antiwork types in that professional income bracket, those are skilled roles in bullshit job factory type settings that people had to play ball to reach, likely finance or IT related. The disaffected types are working genuinely shit unskilled roles.
it's literally in the image
His position has been [addressed](https://www.veganaustralia.org.au/animals_harmed_in_plant_food_production). Specifically, he inflates the amount of animals that die in farming, and brushes over parts of the discussion that don't suit his narrative. A big hole is that he completely ignores the fact that while we do raise a lot of pasture fed cattle, much of the time (i.e in drought), they aren't raised entirely on pasture because there's no food, and they certainly aren't on pasture at the abattoir. Nor are they killed instantly as he claims. The pasture argument only applies to beef too: pigs, chickens, ducks etc are all factory farmed in Australia on crop foods, and as we all know animals require more crop calories than we'd otherwise get just eating the plants ourselves.
Right, compared to intensive farming they mean. Compared to natural landscape, which it'd otherwise be, cattle do not promote biodiversity but instead reduce it. Same as wild horses, camels, etc because Australia hasn't had large herbivores for millions of years.
The graph comes from here: https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-46654042 Some of the numbers used in the graph are published in the journal article itself. One of the journal article authors created the graph in the BBC article.
Meh, that's irrelevant, since everyone's always so keen to point out that pasture wouldn't be used for anything else anyway you cannot compare its use to intensive farming. Pasture is native landscape that's been cleared or just had cows chucked on it to make it profitable. Cows that wreck it if left unchecked.
&gt; But recently learned that despite being a superior product almond milk is terrible, absolutely devastating, for the environment. It's not as bad as dairy still. There's also dozens of other milks like you note, that aren't as bad. Almond and rice tend to be two of the worst (among plant options) because they're high water consumption. But still, in both cases, better than dairy. Oats and soy are the gold standards and, I think, both taste better and have better nutritional profiles. But more importantly at least we're not forcefully inseminating a mammal then separating them from a calf (which is then killed or raised for the same purpose) just to consume plant milks.
Fortunately there's no real evidence that soy consumption leads to any deleterious effects from the phytoestrogens in it. Plenty of plant products have these estrogens, including almonds. They're low activity molecules so you'd really need to consume a lot of the product to see any real impact at all. For normal people, the much bigger concern should be the saturated fats and inflammatory sugars/proteins in dairy products, which you can actually feel if you lack the genetic ancestry (which most people do) to manage the latter.
Definitely NZ because citizenship is much easier than anywhere in Europe, which is bound to get swamped by climate refugees itself.
&gt; As much as I like the Legion "I am my scars!" cinematic, nothing about the way Illidan talked felt natural. It's as if he could only speak in one-liner catchphrases and forgot how normal discussions work. That's literally every character in every cutscene, which is why this Wrathion one was so weirdly refreshing because characters are for once talking like normal people with normal inflections and pauses. Seems to be a Metzen thing. It's like they're all doing really shit Shatner impersonations, it's bizarre.
Move to any city that isn't Sydney, Melbourne or Brisbane. Population growth and housing prices aren't closely guarded secrets.
[Gottem](https://i.imgur.com/A9oJc3c.jpg)
No they don't but that's NSW police for you. Already have a boat, where's he going? Choppers aren't fucking cheap either.
I believe that app operates on approximations from satellite data, not actual measurements
Yeah I'm taking a bunch of alarmist WeChat messages with a big ass grain of salt
Haha don't worry man, there's people out there that agree. Discovery: Picard couldn't be more accurate
If you're worried about smoke don't look up vehicle particulates
Bezos makes his money on AWS. Amazon marketplace isn't that profitable
[Tofu is not close to chicken or fish](https://earthscience.stackexchange.com/questions/10160/co2-emissions-per-calorie-food)
Proper dark chocolates have no need of dairy. They use sugar and the cocoa butter/extract from the bean itself.
Do you have transport there? A drive down bell's line of road is pretty stark, everything after around bilpin is scorched. As for the other side, I'm sure there's damage visible from Katoomba 3 sisters lookout, and probably from any of the Grose valley vantage points too.
This isn't the Spanish flu lmao Jesus Christ Reddit
You're in the wrong sub mate. No skepticism to be found here.
We don't have to know everything to be reasonably certain that what is happening on DMT is a result of a drug acting at receptors in the brain. That doesn't mean the experiences have no value but we need to understand that the things machine elves are apparently saying aren't coming from real beings. I've done a ton of DMT too.
I don't have to prove they're not real, the people claiming they are have to prove they are. But they can't because there's no way you can prove the existence of something that your hippocampus makes up
&gt;Be cautious, certainly, but no need for panic. Too late for that, people are already losing their minds lmao
Why is it likely to blow up here? None of the experts are losing their minds, only the media.
It's Sydney. I went down the road that this builds up to last week. It's an artificial shoreline built to house the shipping infrastructure in Port botany.
People are worried about a virus that really only poses significant threat to people with extraneous medical conditions, isn't highly communicable and even if it were, we're in a country with very professional authorities watching the situation and acting already. It's 100% media hysteria. We have a greater chance of deadly injury walking on the sidewalk yet we do that without concern each day.
I only supplement omega 3 DHA (algae source). B12 I get from fortified foods, no need to supplement. Everything else comes from plants without issue. However I'm a male, my partner is a female distance runner eating pescatarian. She has anemia issues she's addressed with pills and vitamin C. Meat did nothing to assist her anemia just as eating spinach etc did.
Because why come into a thread looking for advice on plant based dieting and say oh yeah I do the exact opposite? It's irrelevant and rude.
It's not that hard to avoid sugar on the cheap. We don't need cans of coke to live.
Yeah who made milk for me and provided it with consent at no cost to the environment
Soy milk, and all plant milks, are cheaper to make. It's economies of scale mostly. In Australia milk prices are artificially held extremely low due to competition and oversupply.
Almonds are still less water intensive, and regardless use less land and generate less GHGs. The graph was literally in the video.
The stupidity is astounding, and all over a simple drink. If someone tells you coke is shit for the environment you'd probably stop drinking it but because dairy is so baked into the public consciousness as a necessity people react viciously.
Yeah, what state was the planet in last time we were at 400 ppm atmospheric CO2? Look it up. Fuck models, we have historical data.
This imaginary world where climate science is at the same time super mega profitable and in control of the globalist agenda but also completely underfunded and ignored.
Yep, can't wait until the market catches up and drives plant milks lower than dairy.
Lol what a waste of time. Whole thing is a performative display in keeping wankers well paid to do nonsense inquiries that conclude the same shit, which the govt will never act on. How many times have inquiries told them we need better rehabilitative services? That punitive criminal punishments for users are a fucking waste of time and money?
&gt;Hell, it's probably actually better for the planet to drive an old V8 Kingswood around than making a new Tesla It's not.
CBD and THC are two separate drugs, and both are used medically and recreationally. The big differences are just the purity of the drug and medical supervision. It's not that difficult to use MDMA recreationally in a safe manner
A third of people. 'huge number' is shifting the goal posts of what the dude said
&gt; Even if this one fizzles out there will be one that finally wipes out a third of human kind. ??
Lol except you said 100+ octane is hard to find when E85 is 105 octane and ethanol itself is like 118. Octane doesn't refer to energy content..
No mate, my quoted thread was itself talking to the specific point of V8s being more environmentally friendly. It had nothing to do with your original comment on rego, it wasn't even responding to you. Fuck me. How awful are you at reading comprehension
&gt; A researcher (Ricaurte) got in trouble in 2003 when he published a paper claiming extensive dopaminergic neuropathology induced by MDMA when it turned out to be methamphetamine Fuck me, every single researcher associated with that study needs to be shot. Knowingly injecting monkeys with deadly amounts of meth and misreporting results too? Fucking scum.
That thread is weird. She has benign comments getting downvoted pretty heavily.
&gt; Damn near everyone does a job that is, in some way, needed for society to function. Not unless bullshit jobs involved in finance, marketing, product development and everything in between counts as keeping society functioning. Most people do work that doesn't truly matter and that's fine but lets not pretend they're the same as garbagemen, doctors or bus drivers.
Damn near though :P The minority of workers perform necessary functions to society. Everyone else, including myself, are generating money and capital.
Yeah because holding the opinion that life is going to be tough but forcing it on a being anyway is kinda a dick move, especially relative to the general normie mindset of "life is beautiful and great happy joy joy"
Nothing but sprawling suburbia as far as the eye can see in every major Australian city, and this is somehow better than what the Aboriginals had before. The biggest laughs come from generic tourism ads saying things like "come enjoy the untouched/unblemished wilderness 2hrs up/down the coast". Haha what does that make our lovely cityscapes then? They're so close to being self aware
I'm happy to be labour if needed
&gt;People are not mindless lemmings induced to a transport mode They are tho
There was a bit hanging across the harbour this morning. Not awful though.
sorry couldn't read your comment over the sound of BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Nicotine is actually healthy and safe on its own (i.e patch, gum, lozenge form), its tobacco (or anything smoked) that's problematic. Although it is the primary addictive component of tobacco yes.
It's been out here the whole time ;)
Well tbf people did give accurate answers (i.e you're gonna have trouble). I personally can't think of any places in the area suitable.
Thought it was just ACT feds acting as if small amounts aren't worth the time. However it's still absolutely illegal, so selling and growing certain amounts will likely see police doing something if caught
Cannabis legalisation is going no where until this country swings considerably left in its federal and state (NSW) voting. ACT only got as far as it did because it is considerably left in its politics, given the concentration of working class educated professionals and utter lack of dead shit bogans Basically we need to nuke QLD and rural NSW
Yeah those 0 new cases for the last week are gonna skyrocket guys
The thing is heaps of society deals with shit cunts every day, retail for example, but you don't see checkout clerks legging difficult customers. Bullies shouldn't be given badges and should be weeded out in the first steps
I don't think one really unlucky methed up truck driver is an expression of not running drug buses
I don't think MDMA or any amphetamines can be detected that long with the saliva and blood tests they use, weed certainly can though
Not really a secret, anyone remotely involved with GO8 institutions would be getting their emails bombed with how bad things are and how generous the executive wing is being with student support in these trying times. Most of them have significant funds available. The shock is losing some 30% of yearly income in the worst cases. So they're not going to sink but when you're an institution built on constant expansion through foreign student cash, can't have the grossly overpaid ~~CEOs~~ chancellors looking like the bad managers they are
No they won't. Their focus is on getting the foreign students back as soon as possible. Unis have been run like giant corporations for decades now under federal pressure to do so, nothing has changed ideologically they've just taken an income hit
Can I have sources for this? Certain degrees here cost more than $30k on HECS let alone fee help
Which was interesting given WSU have lost barely anything compared to the major city unis due to having less reliance on foreign students
18hr is a good daily fasting amount at least ;)
Er.. people still live hunter gatherer lifestyles which would more or less mirror our ancestors. The Hadza people or Sentinelese as examples. They eat what they can which is mostly plants with occasional meat in the case of the Hadza tribe and molluscs/seafood for the Sentinelese. Hunter gatherers don't have the luxury of eating vegan like we do so it makes little sense to emulate their diet given we don't live in the same conditions.
Yeah but footy = good, lefties = dumb
Yeah this is a joke, things have gone back to normal for weeks now and we've had no significant growth. Gyms next week, NRL etc
No that is good covid spreading because economy
They were arrested then got in a fight in a cell by themselves and subsequently died RIP
Local transmission. Doesn't count if you're bringing people back from overseas and they ping positive while in quarantine
Wow this escalated fast
Second wave wipes out Australia, kangaroos rejoice
At least you get to give the boot to mouthy kids and lefties occasionally, but it is a shame for all the poor cops forced into a job through no choice of their own
Ok
Just saw a small group at town hall
This is a 5 bedder 2 car terrace admittedly in shitty shape but it's really quite a lot of house. Darlinghurst is really nice too, especially Surrey st and the lower roads closer to the hospital. Very leafy and quiet.
It's kinda like a "what do you expect" mentality versus "the market is fucked as a whole". Both are 100% true
You can pay me with a case of Bonsoy
It's still a complete waste of time to be doing that. This is a drug that's legal in other countries and people are paying fines and going to court. What a joke.
Growing class divide shouldn't influence whether it's a good idea for us personally to have kids at any given time as that is a personal choice. &gt;it's about survival as a species no need to worry about this, people will always breed regardless of whether they can afford to (see: third world)
Can we just dispossess the nimby's instead and resurrect the tram lines
But if we shoot the police they'll probably shoot back
The first fleet is a better target for what basically amounted to the end of indigenous society, but I'd also agree the Cook reverence is cringe white bogan mentality and needs to be done away with.
What did Bligh do to the Aboriginals?
No I agree, Cook's voyage was historical and notable. If anyone wants to strike it from historical record then that's tantamount to book burning but statues in public spaces just aren't the same thing
What do jellyfish have to do with psychedelics?
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Western Sydney. The area is extremely subtle, and without a few beers in you most of the jokes will go over a typical person's head.
Yeah none of those things happen elsewhere 🙄
That is difficult though, isn't it? There's also the expectation to maintain very high marks to be competitive for the standard paths after it, which isn't the same as most other roles where if you're credit average then whatever
It should when it costs more than a kid
Newtown has more variance in foods than most other suburbs combined
If I worked in Penrith I'd move to somewhere on the line in the mountains, or Emu Plains/Heights, or even Londonderry and just ride the bicycle. But I go city/Parramatta so it's easy to ride to the station.
Yep it's sychophants all the way down. Our work had an internal social network that was the exact same thing too (i.e boss of org shares something they did, you better like it)
The whole point of national pride is that you can't justify it, dummy. It's luck all the way down and fuck you if you remind me of that
I believe those fall under living standards ;)
You have a problem with me using reddit?
Ah, Salvia
Yeah it's nothing sport just nearly 3x average wage
In fairness a big part of this is the Chinese student market, who are willing to pay big cash to attend high pedigree Australian universities before heading back home to do God knows what. It's all prestige and vanity and nothing about developing skills to use in a foreign or even local market. I mean I know numerous people *here* like this, who valued their institution 100x more than their degree and constantly go on about how every university is rubbish except theirs.
&gt; have kids &gt; complain $200k pa job requirements are tough on family life Last line is on point though
We won't have a second wave. Tag me in two weeks idc
Eternal is entirely ruined by too much shit, especially the marauder. Every time one spawns you just sigh, get into position and cookie cut your way through it after you just spent 10 minutes jumping around and hammering through demons. It's absolutely game breaking and I can't believe they thought it was a good idea.
I don't know what it felt like on lowest but when they'd drop a marauder towards the end of a tougher fight, the whole thing would have to stop and focus on NOT moving so I can exploit the marauder's weakness. Otherwise he was too much of a threat to ignore. That's the problem with him as an enemy, he forces you to stop doing what the game explicitly teaches you to do and he does it in the most unfun way on top of it. Some people had issues with the floating shield demon which I agree with to a lesser extent, and I think every other new demon is great, but the marauder is simply awful and I hate it
I am overstating a lack of movement, my problem is the best way of managing him interrupts the flow of combat whereas basically every other demon can be handled in ways that don't interrupt the flow. The Doom Hunter is probably a better example here, because while you need to do something specific to counter him, that counter doesn't make you press the pause button on dodging and handling everything else, you just do it as you go
Didn't some challenges have them too?
Given the track record so far it'll literally be the most obvious character eventually saying the quote word for word lol
Jobseeker/Keeper end in September.
&gt; I hate that I think this way, but I honestly believe the majority of people don't want to think. About anything. Not about politics, science, or philosophy. Not about what they eat, where it came from, or who it hurts. Not about anything they isn't immediately in front of them, and even then they'll just get angry at the obstacle in the hope it'll remove itself. majority of people objectively don't think, those that do don't want to
mfw /r/australia gets the UN to watch elections and the LNP still wins
Real answer down here
It doesn't :)
I understand why you'd think that and recognise it's a result of all the things that went into making you, just the same as my views are too But seriously look into moral luck, because it's basically the core philosophy being argued in this comment chain
No. Can't sell nicotine here so it's just shops selling vapes and accessories and flavoured juices. Kind of silly because they only exist for nicotine which is illegal to import. Like places that sell cannabis smoking implements under the guise that they're for herbs
Feels good being the most regressive in the world with regards to benign drugs
If it's any solace that fine is just a scare tactic that'll never be leveraged against anyone, surely will be easy to just buy from international sellers and ask them not to list nicotine on the package. Customs don't have the resources to check this stuff
I know, but heaps of shops don't sell things here because they're illegal and it's too much hassle, not because they have any risk in the transaction.
&gt; I think this health advise means that there may be evidence that smoking and e-cigarettes have similar health outcomes, or e-cigs may be more dangerous in some respects. They do not. We don't need 50 year epidemiological studies, we can look at evidence from in-vivo cell studies that show PG/VG/nicotine mixtures are not significantly harmful if at all, especially with infrequent use. The Australian government and TGA don't know something no body else in the world knows with regards to this. They're just being predictably idiotic about everything drugs. The modus operandi is to ban anything and everything that isn't alcohol, cigarettes, coffee and pharmaceuticals. &gt;At the very least, they’re probably getting young people that wouldn’t normally smoke addicted to nicotine, which will see a marked negative shift in our health system in the coming decades. Nicotine is not an inherently harmful substance, its biggest issue is it's the primary habit forming alkaloid in tobacco/cigarettes. However the carcinogenic properties of tobacco and cigarettes are not related to nicotine at all. As it stands, consuming pure nicotine in either gum/lozenge/vape form has no demonstrable negative health impacts and arguably provides health benefits in the form of productivity, protection from parkinson's and possibly other neurodegenerative illnesses.
Taxing them doesn't even work. There's a black market for cigarettes from other countries where they're insanely cheap.
Yeah righto, so why do we sell alcohol and coffee then? Even the Aboriginals chewed nicotine, it's been here just as long. Fair application of the laws please It's not a harmful drug. Habit forming is not necessarily a harm (AGAIN COFFEE). Pull your head in
Per ml. 1ml from a 60mg/ml master solution has 60mg, put that into a 30ml bottle and fill to get 2mg/ml, adjust dose as required for desired strength
Sounds like something a suspicious person would say
It's an unnecessary discrimination leveraged by the majority against new drivers. No one truly has any business knowing another person's driving skill besides the cops who already do the second they check your rego. Like others have said, if we did we'd have demerit points on the car or some insignia for people who've crashed heaps/are old. You should drive like everyone's a dumb cunt already, plates or not.
Lots of STEM courses are incredibly over supplied yeah, there's no focus on industry working with education to provide roles just more encouragement to get more kids in the doors to make more money for the universities to recover. University as it exists is a really poor system for making job ready people in so many fields but it's a multi billion dollar industry and the LNP certainly aren't going to do anything to address that
The hypocrisy was that people had been acting normal in public for weeks before the protests happened, politicians yelling about opening up the states etc, but all of a sudden it's a huge problem because some lefties want to get yelly
Maybe compared to /r/communism haha
Why would transhumanism necessarily eliminate suffering?
The passing irony of this kind of sentiment in a field so often almost exclusively focused on making as many people distracted as possible with ML
Can I ask why smoking isn't considered?
Mate they're our biggest trade partner by a significant margin. [30% of all exports](http://www.worldstopexports.com/australias-top-import-partners/). You want to just chuck that in the bin? Good luck winning allies
Lol Sydney Winters aren't cold
Like others said not quite yet ime it's like off peak used to be but all the time
We're the only western nation stupid enough to do this. Lol
Yeah this might just be me but I just always end up on the carpet haha
There is currently no conclusive evidence that vaping in general carries any significant risk to lung health. Some additives and flavourings have been shown to be cytotoxic to some degree (however not necessarily harmful to cultured lung cells), while others haven't, however the base of vape juices (vegetable glycerine and propylene glycol usually in a mixture) is generally considered safe both for ingestion and inhalation. Nicotine is also a demonstrable non-issue in terms of lung damage. It is not the same as inhaling water but it doesn't have to be. Alcohol is not the same as drinking water yet it is regulated.
She'll make a fine set of gaudy apartments
&gt; becoming
Isn't there a train between those two places?
Phenomenal consciousness values itself highly, big surprise
&gt;12 month temporary ban while the TGA assess the evidence The TGA will just schedule it in a category that prevents import on paper, likely schedule 4 or something similar. The TGA is a conservative (not politically, literally) organisation and typically makes poor choices with regard to drug scheduling not based in the evidence, because it's safer for them to ban something than to let it be sold in any form. &gt; if you have a prescription Shouldn't need a prescription for a drug you can buy freely in cigarettes or lozenges.
Found the vegan. I'm vegan btw
&gt;They don't make activists harassing farmers less of a wrong. This is a wrong thing
You can't overdose on vaped nicotine. You'd need to drink the freebase to approach deadly levels.
Yeah I mean not wanting to exist as a human in the west says a lot for how shit it would be to be livestock
Why is it a valuable thing to maintain the existence of a specific breed that suffers only for our personal frivolous gain? I mean the way we live right now, vegan or otherwise, results in the active extinction of numerous animals. Lol
Dosage control is already pretty easy.
It's been demonstrated that we're in the middle of a massive decline in insect populations worldwide, some more than others. Christmas beetles are a good example, used to be everywhere at Christmas but haven't seen any for years now.
Would you have indications of where to start with regards to the tools listed above?
The majority doing shitty things just makes the majority shitty
Yes I did. I was the first homo erectus that chose to take a bite of that dead animal 1.5million years ago and now here I am with a big brain (and not using it)
How is violence any less natural than eating meat? They're both acts of enjoyment in the modern world, neither necessary, so it is entirely valid to compare them.
What you're describing sounds like panpsychism. I personally don't think emergence is a magical concept, more consciousness over valuing itself as being more than the sum of its parts. I quite liked the analogy used elsewhere, how you go from silicon atoms to transistors to a graphics card that runs Crysis. But the silicon atoms don't have bits of Crysis on them, they're just exchanging electrons.
&gt;You should check out ~~burnt~~ meat
Yeah it's all about this demonisation of nicotine, no getting high mate unless it's alcohol or ciggies. Anything else and you're a degenerate
Cancel culture only works on people who care, which are a minority in the public sphere. Most of the west is lead by people who constantly court outrage or just ignore it. Until we have prime ministers "getting cancelled" it's not worth paying attention to
Can you show any examples of businesses who have faced disproportionate and unfair pressure to change? I feel like most either engage in performative wokeness or just ignore it.
Law and tech have low ceilings ?
Only ever had good interactions with police, still think there's a disproportionate amount of abusive power trippers in there especially in leadership roles. Granted I'm not one of the kids who run the insane cop blockade at festivals just to smoke some weed or drop a pinger or has been to court for anything like that.
This isn't the case with Undead despite the 1 or 2 times Blizzard forgot or didn't care
&gt;"In this country, we spend a lot of time travelling in the car," she said Moreso just the idiots in Sydney
How much time have you spent there? They're normal suburbs
Yeah that's clearly what they said you dunce
Reeeeeeeeeeee
Sure are a lot of buttmad snowflake men in these comments
&gt;Because men have no value in todays society. They unironically say as literally 50% of society's wealth is controlled by men 🤭🤣
Yeah mate I reckon controlling the vast majority of society's interests either through economic means or political means shows men are kinda valued lmao
&gt; There must be appropriate and adequate services available for all victims. Did you turn your brain off for this first bit you fucking idiot
That's stupidity and has nothing to do with snobbery
Most homocide in Australia isn't the result of spree killings ([the vast majority is not](https://aic.gov.au/publications/sr/sr23)). Doesn't mean it's OK but we're not letting out Ted Bundy's here.
