Desperate people will break a window if they see a loonie. But more often, desperate people will go from car to car to see which ones are unlocked.
This is a subreddit for people who want to be FIRE, but want $100k+ / year. Talk of being frugal and moving to a LCOL area don't really fit. What does fit is talk about increasing income, estate planning, cashing out of a company you founded / joined early, etc...
I agree. However, NASA astronauts are going to be flying on SpaceX hardware, and if (knock on wood) a crew is lost riding a SpaceX rocket, then having the CEO of the company that killed NASA astronauts take a puff of marijuana on a youtube is only going to add to the NASA Administrator's political headaches.
&gt; They made a point of saying that drinking and smoking on a podcast (or I assume any kind of video) was the problem. It's not so much that they're concerned about whether he gets high, but the image he's presenting. There is no real logic, just the NASA Administrator doing some preemptive damage control. NASA astronauts are going to be flying on SpaceX hardware, and if (knock on wood) a crew is lost riding a SpaceX rocket, then having the CEO of the company that killed NASA astronauts take a puff of marijuana on a youtube is only going to add to the NASA Administrator's political headaches.
People tend to not be so thoughtful when drunk.
That's why I cannot wait for the day someone can say "Hey Car, I'm drunk, take me home."
There are some on youtube. The model 3 looks at torque (turning) force on the wheel to detect activity, so if you have something the right weight on the side of the wheel it will work.
Yes, but the level of relationship was not certain. I know a lot of people around where I live, but most of them are just acquaintances I would say hi to, a few are friends I would chat with and very few are slightly disgruntled neighbors (like the guy who yelled at my kids to be quiet in our own yard at 8:30 pm).
Yes, McCarthy has been a great coach &amp; yes he should leave. Question is what now? Who will coach the pack to greatness? I want a new permanent head coach ASAP so he can set the team up for next year.
Checked their website - looks like OR only. No delivery to CO, CA, NV, MI, MA and gave up. Stay weird Portland.
We had that problem in our small North American town. Council funded to build a round-about, Native American artifacts found - federal gov't forced a full archeology dig without providing any cash. $1 million project turned into $5 million project, which is quite oppressive for a town of 50,000. While first round-about mess was happening, council funded another round-about. $1 million budget - guess what? They found Native American artifacts, federal gov't is studying to determine if a full archeology dig is needed. Council wants to cancel and put in a street light.
Why? Locals can lookup the odd station they don't normally go to, and experience lets them know that the blue line is very stretched compared to downtown and that stations X and Y are close together even though they aren't. Out of town-ers can see that to get to station B from where they are, take the blue line to station A and transfer to the orange line. And with google maps (&amp; others) adding transit for directions, it is a bit of a moot point.
read about bash file descriptors. 0 is standard in, 1 is standard out, 2 is standard error. stdin/stdout/stderr So 0&gt;&amp;1 is sending stdin to stdout. https://www.tldp.org/LDP/abs/html/io-redirection.html https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7082001/how-do-file-descriptors-work
I wish I could wish
If it's stupid but it works...
Live view of Mr. Steven!
"Multi-flight proven"
Audio sync issue?
http://spaceflight.com/schedule-pricing/#pricing Spaceflight is SpaceX's customer. Spaceflight's customers provide the satellites.
Shore I believe. They landed just off shore because another payload didn't want RTLS.
The mission had enough for RTLS, but another flight (Delta?) is getting ready at VAFB and requested to not land there. So SpaceX put the drone ship a couple dozen kilometers off shore, close enough that a telescoping lens on a hill could see the landing.
Thanks for the response. &gt; Charges can be dropped by the court before a plea is entered, and you can waive your right to recover bail despite not violating bail terms, but it's not common. And frankly, this offer doesn't make much sense within the context of the video. Seems like the judge wanted them to feel the punishment (lose bond) without either impacting them with a criminal charge and get them out of her jurisdiction asap. &gt; Again, this whole documentary seems pretty staged. I watched it, and there may be staged parts, but the definitely did trespass and hop on multiple trains. Staging the arrest would require 2 police officers, a train worker, 2 squad cars, and permission to shoot on a BNSF train, or trespassing on the train.
Trump [thinks he has some loyal people.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTACH1eVIaA)
Agreed, self selection bias is real. In this case they seemed to account for that. People have a grade going into an exam, so comparing how you did before the exam and on the exam would make sense.
I could normally get away with one late nighter right before an exam with just a few hours of sleep. More than that and you are just being a night person.
Do you really not need the insurance, and don’t expect to have financial responsibilities in the near future (children, mortgage)? Then cancel the insurance.
[Nope](https://www.spacex.com/about/capabilities) $62M for a Falcon-9 and $90M for a Falcon Heavy. Will that be cash or credit card?
What would you do with it?
If you are into SpaceX, head over to /r/SpaceXLounge to chat, and /r/spacex for more formal information.
If you want to make your own, Raspberry Pi Zero W and a temperature sensor (e.g. DS18B20) should be less than $15.
Some millennials don't have the google-fu to look stuff up. A lot more millennials are skeptical of anything on the internet. When millennials get older and set in their ways with their 10 year old iPhone XV, there will be technology they don't get and the next generation will roll their eyes at them.
There is a [Nova episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAvz7Eo6M7A) about it, amazing stuff.
&gt; He made a comment how during the Depression, countless (think thousands) of men perished on the job. So true. 112 people died building the [Hoover Dam](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hoover_Dam#Construction_deaths).
Christopher... Walken, could you-know, play an older... Elliott.
Alt-Tab, I agree!
This is one of the reasons you pre-heat anything you are going to pour molten metal onto/into - to evaporate any residual moisture and prevent this from happening.
I like using an alarm clock to wake up to do things I want to do, not things I have to do.
It requires the 1.21 jigawatt battery.
First stage is supposed to land. Starship, which is bigger is supposed to land with people on board (and no emergency escape system has been mentioned). This is not a good data point for confidence in propulsive landing a spaceship with people on board.
Starship is supposed to be 3.5 years until cargo missions to Mars (Aug 2022), and 4.5 years until manned mission to the moon. That is only time for ~80 Falcon 9 flights, so every failure will impact the success ratio.
I find the cable grip helps defeat the wizard.
The Falcon 9 extended it's landing legs to stick the landing of a quadruple axle.
Youtube is not just about youtubers. It is for the viewers, people who upload rarely (could be family videos, crazy events, a message to friends or a viral video), youtubers, youtube originals, TV show channels, movies and more.
Forget it, unless it is a launch or tweet from an approved person, it will never make it past the mods. /r/SpaceXLounge is the new /r/SpaceX
What was the angular difference and/or how far away from the ISS is CRS-16?
That's why you look at monthly rental compared to property value. Anything over 1% is good for landlords, anything less than 0.5% is good for renters. $1300 / $350,000 is 0.37%, which is pretty cheap, especially for all in.
And either the interviewer should do her homework and know that Tesla has open sourced the patents years ago, or she already knew and feigned shock.
Kennedy banged lots of women, Lincoln was reportedly gay, Regan was a Hollywood actor and consulted astrologists. But none of them were the bitch to a rival country's leader.
Without a direct indictment by a criminal prosecutor (that would be challenged and could lead to a constitutional crisis), [congress has to impeach](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impeachment_in_the_United_States#House_of_Representatives). The house of representatives bring the articles of impeachment. There's little doubt that the incoming democrat controlled house will look to impeach with the evidence coming to light. Then, it is all about the republican senators. The senate holds the "trial" (that is only for removal from office not a criminal proceeding) requires 2/3 majority to convict. Then the question is what will the republican senators do? What would it mean to each republican senator, the republican party and the future of the presidency be if Trump is removed from office?
People shoot them with air powered rifles with night scopes. [Common to get 100+ in a night.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPUKWh-V7OU)
Til all these bitches crawl
A few suggestions to improve &amp; make it more bullet proof. 1. As others said, don't use ping alone, use http &amp; DNS. Watch for local caches or ISP caches. 2. Hit an end point (google.com), an ISP local point (ISP website, mail server, router, etc...) and and your in-house ISP hardware (modem/router). This will help stop the ISP deflecting with "its a problem with your home network" or "it's a problem with that site / the internet, we were up." 3. If something fails, test a second time immediately &amp; only report an error on 2 fails. Then sleep. 4. So that you don't DOS your ISP, try to keep it to much less than 1% of your speed. A google http request can be 10 - 50 KB in size.
It is all subjective. IMHO, the musicality was decent, the lyrics were provocative, the video was next level and the whole package resonated throughout the zeitgeist of our culture.
Can anyone let us know: Where is the entrance &amp; exit? Hawthorne &amp; LAX? What does it take to ride? Just drive a car onto a sled? How many rides can be done per hour?
Invest in good companies. They will either continue &amp; expand their dividend, or if they don't pay a dividend, they will grow revenues &amp; profits making the stock more valuable.
Mirab, his sails unfurled
Darmok and Jalad on the ocean.
Married before tinder, but wanted to check out what all the buzz was about, so created a profile, swiped against (left?) about 10 times and realized I should go tell my wife what I did. She wanted to see my profile - a picture of our pet, text was random gibberish, fake name and made myself 1 year younger. Called me a goof and told me to delete the app.
Memorable - my first Christmas with my gf (now wife), at her parents' place. The mother give out stockings to everyone, including me. Mostly usual stuff, but everyone gets 2 gourmet chocolate suckers except me - I get 2 butterscotch suckers. Problem is I'm allergic to butterscotch, throat closing, go to the hospital type allergic. My mother-in-law to be didn't know - apparently they all prefer the butterscotch instead of chocolate, and as a new guest, I was bestowed with the preferred flavor, so I swapped them for chocolate and it was all good. To this day, whenever I piss off my mother-in-law, she asks if I want butterscotch in my stocking.
Who the fuck.
A conservative reporter did this while interviewing a left leaning person at Trump's inauguration. The reporter asks "[Did you just call me a woman?](https://youtu.be/x7vHvclMgYI?t=106)" while wearing a ball gown &amp; has long blonde hair. Thing is, the gender was already legally changed in [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGpZSefYvwM)
I have the exact same thing 6 months after delivery. Anyone know how to properly clean the inside windshield?
It is a historic perspective of changing culture as many nostalgia songs are. Date rape was not publicly discussed and the "I should say no" culture has changed dramatically (but not completely). Who really listens to sleigh bells these days?
&gt; Basically, the song only makes sense in the context of a society in which women are expected to reject men’s advances whether they actually want to or not, and therefore it’s normal and expected for a lady’s gentleman companion to pressure her despite her protests, A big problem is that this old-time culture hasn't fully changed. Guys are still expected to pursue the girl and usually expected to pay on the first date.
Negative. I have scrubbed the windshield dozens of times for bugs &amp; such, the robot fingerprints have not changed a bit. I also touched the inside of my windshield with a wet finger and that spot shows up when it fogs up as well.
No, I have not scrubbed the inside at all. I believe it has a different finish / coating than the outside and don't want to damage it. That's why I asked how to clean the inside windshield.
It depends. Generally the seller has to pay a percentage fee to the CC company (typically 2% - 3%). Someone selling $100,000 car may not want to lose $2,000. Then again a billionaire bought $170 million in art on Amex and racked up mad points. https://www.businessinsider.com/how-to-fly-free-forever-put-170-million-on-your-amex-2015-11
Depends on the ride. Some of the trains from NJ are quite good.
1.56% is not great, but view it as your employer is doing a 48% match. Transfer out when you are allowed &amp; there are no fees.
While mathematically correct, it is tough to pull off in reality. &amp;#x200B; Thin, changing real-time order book makes it tough to make more than a few dollars. This means you often wind up with a surplus of some currencies and deficiency of others. Thus, you have to be capitalized in several different FIAT / crypto currencies. &amp;#x200B; Plus there are fees &amp; friction to consider (transaction fees, potential deposit/withdrawal fees). It can take hour+ to get crypto to a site, and days+ to get fiat. &amp;#x200B;
There were a few awkward / mis-statements. "Falcon 9 heading to ISS." ... Dragon heads to ISS, even though dragon is a part of Falcon 9 when the whole rocket is together. "The second stage, the part where they were going to attempt an audacious 3rd attempt to land" ... She meant the secondary mission or secondary phase, not the physical second stage of the rocket. Also a lot of seconds, thirds and attempts jumbled together.
You are being reasonable. As others have said, diving as a 3 is acceptable - you don't HAVE to have the instructor as a buddy. Also, are most of the other divers acting rationally, or is "no one is sticking together" as you said? If the whole group is crazy, then consider not going down at all. As for "too many divers".... I have been on these big-boat dives (10 - 20+ people) a bunch, and although you do have a dive buddy, it can just meld into a big pile of fins, tanks &amp; bubbles, especially in the middle of the pack. When I first started diving, I was always right by the Dive Master. Now, I like to hang out 20 - 30 feet to the side/flank of the group with my dive buddy - still within visual of the DM in case they need to signal (or spot something cool). At the end of a dive trip, someone pointed out that I was always the "left winger".
I don't know about individual models, but I know you should go with a "fully sealed" first stage to prevent free-flows. My DM/instructor buddy says he's had a few OW classes where one or more unsealed regulators have free-flowed. I wonder if it would help if I I strapped a chemical hand warmer to my first stage.
Seems like a bad room vs. a bad design. Most rooms have AC &amp; USB somewhere in/near the night table. Have stayed at one hotel that had different room layouts, one room had AC/USB in the side of the headboard, the other was in the table lamp base. It was like this for a year+, so it's not like they were remodeling.
It's a growing pain. They don't just have to build and ship the cars, they have to hire field staff to sell, finance, maintain and repair the cars.
Just educate them in general, not about their specifics. "Hey dad, look at this guy who said he saved $20,000 / year in hidden fees, I think they are called Management Expense Ratio. I am going to check mine out... do you know anything about this?"
Great advice if you are looking for a position similar to that, but if you are going for a totally different type of development, it may lead to questions as to where your passion is.
Purely from a data perspective, it mashes up the different paths &amp; hides interesting patterns, here are 2: What was the no reply / reject / reply ratio for internship &amp; full time applications? What path did you take to get your 6 offers &amp; 2 accepts? HackerRank or not? Onsite or not?
&gt; It's based on when they leave, I believe. That doesn't make much sense either - it would ignore if you had many people who are still with the company. Looks like there [are several metrics](http://toolkit.ahpnet.com/Building-a-Recruitment-and-Retention-Plan/Step-1-Gather-Organizational-Baseline-Information/Gather-Organizational-Baseline-Info-Quick-Tool/How-to-Determine-Retention-Turnover-Vacancy-Rates.aspx). Turnover rate seems the most useful to me.
Math CS grad here! H2L02!
GM: There's no demand for sedans, we are closing plants. Public: There's no demand for YOUR sedans, now excuse me while I go configure my Tesla Model 3.
A monocle.
That's very mean, and funny.
I learned about it 0 years ago.
I saw Barron and thought that Sacha Baron Cohen was being considered - he would be great additions to the administration.
I agree, there should be a sign AT the lane closure saying LANE CLOSED and/or arrows pointing to the right. Preferably multiple signs, lit or blinking would be even better. Instead there were cones... and some of the cones were not in place... like they had been hit by drivers caught unaware that the lane was closing. The only sign before the closure was 25 seconds of travel at 100kph away. Yes the driver is still responsible, but this lane closure was an accident waiting to happen.
There were zero signs at the lane closure, the only sign in the video is 25 seconds @ 100kph before the actual closure. It is setup to cause an accident.
A company just [cornered the market](https://www.gasworld.com/blm-reaps-windfall-from-fy-2019-helium-auction/2015344.article) on crude helium by buying every lot that was auctioned at double+ the price of the last auction.
Not if the lifeboat's onboard computer is fried. They have to get on the Soyuz, power it up, close the hatch(es), detach, orient and calculate a de-orbit burn, strap in and execute the burn. Could be done in 12 hours, might not be possible in 14 minutes.
Little endian or big endian?
&gt; I thought that they wouldn't have to raise? If they sell their cars for cash, then no, they don't have to raise cash. On a big portion of sales they either write a loan on the car &amp; hold the paper, or lease the car. In those cases, they only get money in small monthly payments. In the meantime, they have spent cash to build a car -- with 4 year leases and 8 year loans (just checked Tesla's website) and 20% gross margins, it would take roughly 3 years on a lease to break even and 6 years on a loan. It's hard for a fast growing company to be cash flow positive when it takes 3 to 6 years to get back the cost of goods sold on a significant portion of inventory. So if the market if favorable, they sell some of the leases &amp; loans to accelerate growth.
A consumer leases a car from Tesla &amp; now has the car to use. Tesla has a contract to get regular monthly payments from the customer with the car as collateral. Instead of waiting years to get the money, Tesla packages up many leases and sells a bond against the leases.
Totally agree - torrents are the wild west. Bad actors put malware, the copyright holders put fake files, studios track copyright offenders to sue and sometimes seed themselves. &gt; As for the large number of seeds, the bittorrent protocol has no real way of blocking fake users, so there are scripts that can fake the number of seeders to push the torrent entry further up. Also, a great thing to do with a PC that has just been owned is to seed more torrents to spread faster.
In this case it is only for leases, which are held by Tesla.
In this case it is only leases that are being sold, and the leases are held by Tesla.
My model 3's longest cold sit so far was just over 5 days outside - average temperature was about freezing. Average temperature about freezing. (-3 to +2) 78 km in 126 hours (5+ days) 0.6 km / hour 16.7 km / day 48.5 miles 0.4 m / hour 10 m / day
tl;dr - New Orleans scammers can scam a show that looks for scammers. There was a TV show called Scam City, where they would travel to different cities and expose different scams (pickpockets, fake watches, taxi scam, etc...). They knew most of the scams beforehand, were usually pretty good at getting to the scammer, having them try their scam, exposing them, saying they don't want any trouble, and getting the scammer to open up on the scam, their motivation, etc... They usually got their money / property back. However, in New Orleans, they went looking for [Razzle Dazzle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxd7vM0GfVE), a numbers game where you cannot win. When they went looking for Razzle Dazzle, they had no luck until someone took their offer, but only for $1000 bet. Not only did they not find Razzle Dazzle, the host lost $1000 when the scammer said they would double their money if the host played russian roullet, pulled out a revolver &amp; loaded one bullet.
My kids started texting their nana on a family ipad at 4 years old - mostly heart, snake &amp; poop icons (nana is scared of snakes), but they included the words "love", "nana" and their own name. Also autocomplete / predictive text made some crazy texts.
Different custom pages or different instance of the Okta dashboard?
Taxes. You will have to file US and Canada taxes the year your switch. You will likely either have to file US and Canada taxes if you maintain ties to Canada (talk to a cross border accountant about what that means), or pay departure tax.
Youtube Okta for developers. This gives a 10 minute overview. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPFirakhBtQ You may want to look into the user's profile or group membership to determine which page to redirect to.
What did the show air when he was a teenager and frequently manipulated his own little man?
Parents just don't want to deal with stringy, sticky poo.
Not specifically illegal, but could be lumped into various unsafe / distracted driving laws depending on where you are.
[Spiders on drugs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHzdsFiBbFc)
Time in the market beats timing the market. However, if you will have heartache if your investments go down, and think you would pull out if there is a 10 - 20% drop, then dollar cost average over the year (assuming you will max out each year).
I don't think that Mike would kill hime either. The super practical character, combined with years of being a cop &amp; seeing murderers get caught and sent to prison, I don't think he would do it. Instead, drop the German off a mile from the airport, tell him to get on the first plane out of the city and drive away. When the german walks 10 paces, he is killed with a head-shot by an accomplice who was hiding in the dark.
A ~5 year old is going to yell for their parents when their poop turns into silly string. Or they won't &amp; just make a bigger mess.
LOL that's just what "they" want you to think.... Wait, you are "they"!
McTartare, coming next month to the golden arches!
I think that a low oxygen environment could create excess smoke and create conditions for a backdraft. Providing additional oxygen can then create a backdraft that sucks air from one direction and burns in another, expanding air &amp; pushing out smoke filled air. The backdraft increases the temperature of the smoke in the air, leading to a smoke explosion.
Doesn't have to be your jacuzzi. Or your toaster.
Sure, but I forgot my keys so you'll have to hop over the fence.
If you're looking for cash - how much for you to make another set? It can be done after Christmas. PM me if you want.
I don't have the artistic skills, or the supplies.
Wow, those bots have me triggered. Good info but a huge wall of text.
Doesn't smell like a troll to me, just someone who really wants to own a home, who has some major assumptions and is asking for opinions.
Stuff changes. Look back to the 1970 - 1990 time frame for how interest rates went crazy.
I prostate!
Is that Teslaquila? ;)
Give them a last chance before you name &amp; shame.
And they have skipped every party &amp; every trip, sacrificed so much to athletics that their friends cannot understand. And now they have a lot of free time because they finally stopped their grueling training routine to be in peak performance.
Excellent analysis. When it comes to real estate and AirBNB, obviously everyone's situation will be different due to location &amp; rates. However, due to taxes, it looks like a blanket statement that if you are working already, TFSA/RRSP beat real estate handily.
IcouldLose10lbsButIAmAlrightFIRE.
Came on the spider, stayed in the ass?
Not a woman, but I have had shit service from the banks and financial advisors. Advisors recommending weed stocks, high MER funds with loads, and taking money from the wrong account, consultant accused me of lying about income when discussing a mortgage, hold funds in an account being closed for weeks, and of course pushing crappy financial products. I cannot say if it is worse being a woman, but being a man does not make it a great experience.
You're welcome &amp; keep it up. Altruistically, it is good to be a part of a community that helps people better their lives. Kind of selfishly, I want people to not have to rely on the rest of us (via the government) so there's more money for those who do need it, and less taxes needed from each of us personally. So thanks for not using EI or welfare, for saving so you won't need GIS and possibly less OAS. And Merry Christmas (or whatever you celebrate).
Episode 1 could have been edited so much better. Kill midiclorians and most of Jar Jar. Re-sequence (non-parallel) the climax. Gungan fight is removed. Space fight, darth maul and vice-roy are all sequential scenes.
To scuba, you need to be calm. To be calm when you are learning you need good gear, good conditions and a good instructor. You did not get either today.
Sauced!
Have you maxed out TFSA? How much cash can you contribute before March 1?
Don't call it retirement saving, call it "getting rich" saving.
Max TFSA first.
Try snorkeling in a pool. You can snorkel with very, very little work - just relax and take big, slow breaths. If you have "normal" body fat (slightly thin, normal, slightly fat, etc...) you should be able to snorkel with no movement needed. The top of your head is touches the surface of the water, your face is just below and your body just floats in the water.
It's called education.
My 4 year old son did martial arts. Kids class was taught by the owner &amp; head instructor's wife. Head instructor had cancer and hung himself in the gym. The gym shutdown for the better part of a year. The wife eventually came back and taught. Our kid still goes there every week, eerie to think about.
There are four lights!
Doublespeak.
As a parent we have a strategy for LFTs (Least favorite Toy’s). They are such special toys that the kids can only play with those when the gift giver is around, and we tell them that because the giver likes them soooo much, make sure to play with the toys a lot around them!
Implying someone is racist and their experiences are invalid based on which sub-reddits they post in is inappropriate. Find another way to argue your point.
You lump sjwjs in with the racist crowd, but show yourself to be prejudicial.
&gt; Likewise, /r/metacanada has racist people. /r/metacanada does not allow racism according to their rules. https://www.reddit.com/r/metacanada/about/rules/ Again, implying a derogatory attribute of a person based on an assumption may not be wrong, but it is inappropriate to dismiss them based on that assumption.
That's because "they" got to the guy and brainwashed him.
Consists of trolls, the gullible, the insane, those using it for religious / political reasons, and those who want to make a buck from the others.
Either you are going to carry the energy in batteries in one form or another (DJI batteries or batteries in a power bank), or you will have to carry a way to generate energy. Generate means solar -&gt; battery pack and later battery pack -&gt; Mavic. The [car charger specs work for DC] (https://store.dji.com/product/mavic-car-charger) voltage: Input Voltage: 12.7-16 V (Sedan); Coach not supported DC Output: 13.05 V; 6.1 A But [this picture](https://mavicpilots.com/threads/car-charger-is-faster-than-normal-charger.867/#lg=_xfUid-1-1545757954&amp;slide=0) shows input of 13 - 26 V @ 9 A. You can forget about charging from USB, as it is 5V at 1.5 - 3 Amps. [This guy](https://www.veletron.com/dji-mavic-air-charging-from-battery-packs-and-solar-charging/) did it well. This might be a [viable option](https://www.voltaicsystems.com/blog/powering-the-dji-phantom-drone-from-solar-power/).
Less developed countries also have a lower life expectancy.
My friend works in the OR and uses the term "donate". She says the surgery staff is usually upbeat and friendly during surgeries, but during donor surgeries it is all quiet business.
/r/canada and /r/ontario could also help. You could try to slip in locality subtlety - I like the Leafs, what is your favourite sports team?
This is the right answer. If I am going to be outside for more than 30 minutes at a time, then layers with proper hat &amp; gloves. If I am popping in and out or going to be near the house / car then just a coat is fine.
The payday loan should be top priority, even over paying other bills &amp; debt.... unless they are going to shut off power or break you knees,
If you aren't claustrophobic enough, there was someone behind the camera as well.
It is not about speed, it is about energy. Turbines work by slowing movement (kinentic energy) and turning it into electric energy using magnets. Bigger blades are heavier and have more kinetic energy (harder to stop) because they take more energy to spin because they are heavier, but mostly because of their shape. Also, bigger blades "catch" more of the air.
I liked Season 1 on the whole overall, then Season 3 - some episodes were great, some not so much. Season 2 was not so good, except for the one big thing about it.
[I unsubscribed](https://www.reddit.com/r/SpaceXLounge/comments/7h2nx9/dear_rspacex_mods_you_did_it_you_got_me_to/?st=jq72lf6p&amp;sh=c0b7a7ad) from /r/spacex a year ago. The content on the front page seems glacial compared to other subreddits with similar number of subscribers. The front page is stale - it goes back 14 days. I think that 2 - 7 days back would be more appropriate.
IMHO: /r/spacex is not a place just for official SpaceX content and Elon tweets. The activity level of posts should roughly represent the number of people on the subreddit. One metric I use is age of the oldest post on the front page using the default "hot" sort, and compare that to the number of people on the subreddit. /r/spacex - 14 days old, 296,523 subs. Pretty old for 300,000 people. /r/teslamotors - 1 - 2 days old, 374,197 subs. Similar company, similar subscribers, drastically different subreddit. /r/ula - 2 months old, 5,000 subs. Small and old. /r/blueorigin - 2 months old, 8,000 subs. Small and old. /r/BoringCompany - 8 days, 8,000 subs. Small but fresher than /r/spacex /r/westworld - 11 days, 600,000 subs. A show that has not had an episode come out in 6 months is fresher than spacex subreddit.
It is asking a lot of student divers to dive in those conditions, and I would not look down on anyone who did. In fact, I would want to dive with someone who makes good decisions like you did.
That's where it's good to have a study buddy. We'll share - you start writing from the top, I'll start from the bottom. And back in my day we had to photocopy, none of this picture &amp; text {shakes fist}.
Should have offered a few cents worth of bird food - you would have trained an avian thief.
Goes to the person on the room, not the device.
Heading there next month, so excited!
We yell at the bunnies to run right before we let our dog out in the backyard, because she caught one last year. They still don't listen well.
You say that every time!
Mine are 10 and 13, can't wait to see their faces when I drop them in the frunk and pull their pants down. ps: genius idea.
\#vanlife I found a life hack that will shock you! In the next video, I will show you how you can use the Walmart facilities. Like, share, subscribe &amp; smash that bell!
Officer Fuck You? Hey, Fuck You, can I get your supervisor here?
Glad to hear, glad I yelled at her to get out, glad I offered to help, and kind of glad I did not donate as I’m not 100% sure it is legit.
It is not a lack of O2 but excess CO2 that makes you think you are suffocating. H2S is nasty, corrosive and smelly stuff that can irritate lungs and kill you badly. Helium or Nitrogen will kill painlessly - you fall asleep and don't wake up. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inert_gas_asphyxiation
There is a formula for the workplace that works. When you learn someone's name, write it down asap. I find writing on my phone works well - the second I step away from them or get off the phone, write a quick note "Chris P. IT, likes heavy metal", "Justin M. Sales, hurt his ear from hockey" Create a contact for them in your contact management tool (outlook, google contacts, etc...) Look them up in your company directory for more details. If required to be social, review the contact list to refresh names and details. Have questions to ask, you can use this list: Friday: Do you have any plans this weekend? Monday: How was your weekend? Precipitation: My, what a storm, what's your favorite season? Casual: Are you married, seeing someone, kids? Default: How are you today? Write down their response. Bonus marks: Use their info the next time you see them. "How is the ear?" "Any new heavy metal songs I should check out?" You should prepare responses to those questions as well. After 2 or 3 interactions, send them a linkedin invite.
How was your weekend?
Look @ that smile. :)
The Penis mightier!
A wired reporter took an assignment to [disappear for a month](https://www.wired.com/2009/11/ff-vanish2/) in 2009.
*checks username* Whew, ok, good luck!
Joint is fine as long as you have a separate account each for fun spending without judgement. Separate is fine as long as you both know the main bills each other are paying, and can handle the bills on your own if the other is unavailable.
They don't text &amp; drive.
Funny how? Funn like he's a clown? Does he amuse you?
The only time everything is all quiet is when you are dead.
But he once convinced a girl he was Kevin Costner. That was a true lie!
IMHO timeshares suck. - Forced maintenance fees whether you use them or not. - Maintenance fee is often not much less than renting a comparable place publicly. - No/little flexibility in choices of locations. - No/little flexibility in choice of time of year. - Hidden fees (change fees, upgrade fees, etc...) - Very low or Zero resale value. - Pressured to buy more every time you visit. Most are just trash, however DVC and Marriott are 2 of the better timeshare companies... but I still wouldn't touch them, nor accept them as a free inheritance.
I pay $30 for front, back and trim. Pretty standard yard size. For me, I like that they offer automatic weekly repeat service &amp; monthly billing with electronic payment (e-transfer). I look for a person in Feb/March for the whole season. I have allergies, travel for work and swore that I would never own a lawn mower.
Yes, as long as it is not commercial or overly sexual. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topfreedom_in_Canada#Ontario The freedom of speech to protest also protects the freedom of speech to go topless.
I know a well respected lawyer - was a partner at a small firm that merged with a big firm. A few years ago over beers, asked indirectly about FIRE. His response was "one more million". Wasn't sure if he was serious or just using it as an excuse. He still works today, and teaches a class at the local college.
Gross profit is 1.74 (2.50 minus coffee, cups, milk, and taxes). Net profit is 0.25. Notice if you reduce wages by 0.05, net profit goes up by 20%.
Condoms slip, condoms break and people take condoms off.
If someones already has one DUI conviction and kills another person when they are .08+, they get no sympathy from me. If it is your first DUI with no crash and you blow not too far over .08, it can be a mitigating factor.
Problem is it doesn't end well.
Limit orders are a great way to take advantage of a quick price movement &amp; return to average. Stop orders can be ok to take advantage of momentum swings, but can also get you wrecked.
The threat of a complaint or asking for the supervisor will make people doing a half-hearted job snap to attention and take care of your situation in a timely and proper way.
&gt; This is different. The dude is an asshole twice, first for snooping on her computer and digging that shit up, But he didn't really dig it up - he opened a browser and was presented with her logged in reddit account as the home page and was shown her username and that she had 900 messages. He did not click on her private messages, but her public profile (which he could have done at home as he knows her username) and all was revealed. None of what he did up to this point is an asshole move. How he reacted to it is wrong. IMHO, he should have just come clean and told her up front. Hiding the fact that he knows she has a NSFW account is a bit of a deception. Jacking to it is wrong, and the rest of his behavior just completely wrong and stupid.
I, love the . pauses.
Stop order is often used to sell if things go bad. If you own some, the price is $8000 and you want to sell if bit-hits-the-fan and the price drops, you can set a stop limit order to sell at $7000. Some crazy price action comes and the price drops to $6500 in an hour, your stop-loss order will trigger and you will auto-sell @ $7000. Unfortunately it was a quick bounce and the price recovers to $7800 in another hour. You check your account and you have $7000 - you just secured a $1000 loss instead of hodling and only having a potential $200 loss. Similar but opposite for a stop order to buy if the price goes up. A quick price spike &amp; return will buy you some overpriced crypto.
You need a [magic basket and coffee table](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_kXIGvB1uU)
King piss d8 x e4, plus splash on a1 c2 and a6. Also, if you move your bishop to the knight's pawn square, you have fellatioed your bishop.
You have a good general idea, but your fund is not right: fixed income that is not fixed income, international only. Take a look at Financial Independence, and the 3% rule or 4% rule. With a good mix of equity and fixed income, you can withdraw 3 to 4% of the original amount every year for many years, accounting for inflation. With $250,000 you could withdraw $7,500 to $10,000 per year, inflation adjusted.
https://canadiancouchpotato.com/model-portfolios/ And the account cannot stay the same, it generally needs to grow at the rate of inflation to keep up.
Through growth and dividends from the funds, you should be able to safely withdraw $7500 to $10,000 per year ($625 to $830 / month). If it is in a taxable account, dividend and/or cap gains taxes will have to be paid.
I started and got hooked with the Wealthy Barber (original, the second one is trash). Millionaire Next Door is pretty good. Today, I like Canadian Couch Potato, Afford Anything, and Dave Ramsey (general philosophy, his specifics suck).
OP has not provided any proof of being a Marriott Employee.
Beside the legitimate answers, VTSAX has become a rallying call and a meme in FIRE subreddits as a single, low expense, broad market equity investment. VTSAX is our YOLO or YEET or whatever kids say these days.
Plugshare is a great website to share plugs - public, semi-private, free and paid.
Mostly enthusiasts looking to help a fellow EV user in a pinch. Considering that giving a Model 3 LR a 50% charge is about $4 in electricity, there is not too much cost.
OP has provided no proof that they work as a Marriott employee.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ftr9yY-YuYU
If Dave Ramsey had his way, only the children of the rich would be doctors as no-one else could afford it until they were too old. Taking huge loans to get a Bachelors, Masters and PhD in some field that is not in demand is financial suicide. Working part-time &amp; summers and taking a small loan to graduate with a Bachelors in an in demand field is a good financial investment.
First and most troubling, he claims to have had 15% average returns from mutual funds for decades, but he won't name which funds they are. He plays mental math just arithmetic average return percentages to get the high average rate of return instead of looking at compound annualized growth rate. -10% and +10% return = 0% arithmetic average return. But 100 x .9 x 1.1 = .99, which is a negative compound growth rate.
&gt; a college degree is required for even entry level jobs now. This is false. Many trades make good money and do not need a college degree. Millennials were told to get any degree to get a good job. Many got a general liberal arts degree when in fact they needed a degree from a list of desirable fields - e.g. STEM, law, medicine, business.
&gt; why does EVERYONE say that? Because in the past few years, some fields are easier to get a a high income with and have a growing demand for labor. Other fields lead to a lower income and have stagnant or dwindling demand. There just are not the demand for as many people educated in 18th century French poetry as there are for people who can design scalable database architectures. However, a lot of degrees can be shifted into an area of demand (as you pointed out: art -&gt; education). &gt; my husband's got a Bachelor's in Biz, did 30 yrs as a restaurant manager I will assume your husband is at least 50 years old and that you are roughly that age as well. What you are saying was true at the time, any degree was a good start. Nowadays, not so much. &gt; degrees, even if you don't directly use them, are never wasted I never said they are "wasted" just that certain degrees TODAY make it harder to get the earning potential compared to other degrees. I view it 2 ways. Any degree will make you a more educated and thoughtful person, which is good for society in general, and should be encouraged in general. In that way, no degree is wasted. However, if you look at earning potential over the past few years, certain degrees are advantaged or disadvantaged.
20 - 30% cheaper. Takes two conversions to calculate - US to CAD and gallons to liters. There are websites and apps to do it for you.
The good stuff is not available in some/all places in canada.
For $10,000 you can use Norbert's Gambit, but it will take a lot of shuffling through accounts. I helped someone go through it, here are the steps. TD Bank (call wire xfer) -&gt; TD Canada USD (online xfer) -&gt; TD Brokerage Account (USD) -&gt; Norbert's Gambit -&gt; TD Brokerage Account (CAD) (online xfer) -&gt; TD Canada CAD. You can use another brokerage if you have one that will do Norbert's Gambit.
I replace the car when there's a repair that is close to the value of the car. If I have a car with a value of $2000 and there's a repair of $1200, it might be time to start looking for a new car.
There needs to be a line somewhere between the center of the road and the building door. It is good for all involved if it is clearly understood and/or marked.
Whatever you use, do not leave anything of value on an exchange (crypto or cash) for a long time. Make sure you have the wallet (private keys) for your crypto, and write down and hide the recovery seed words.
There's a flat earth joke somewhere in that picture... just around the bend.
Rocketlabs [hotswap](https://space.stackexchange.com/questions/24570/what-was-ejected-from-rocketlabs-electron-launch-vehicle-at-t625-during-stage)
Connects with Starship in orbit. "Please check the dragon to ensure you take all your personal belongings."
Tap the brake most times. If turning off auto-pilot, then likely I am: - Exiting a highway. - Stuck in traffic &amp; want to manually drive to change lanes. - Bad weather / weird conditions / construction and I want to manually drive. In all of those cases, a fraction of a second of braking seems acceptable.
My theory: You can only use it if you are on the hotel's wifi. If you use the hotel's wifi, you get an IP address from the hotel's DHCP server (to talk to the internet) and most computers use the local DNS provided by the DHCP server. DNS servers translate names (www.google.com) to IP numbers (216.239.32.10). The local DNS server may be setup to map tv.marriott.com to some special internal server, but tv.marriott.com is not a publicly available address that anyone can use. If you lookup tv.marriott.com from the public internet, it directs you to a private IP number (172.20.0.2) that is not reachable by the internet.
You may ask yourself, "Well, how did I get here?"
We still have 25 year old commercial planes in the sky, and the last dragon has yet to be built.
Trouble is, he illegally deflated his kid beforehand.
Ring :(
Reminds me of [one of the most amazing contortionist displays followed by perpetual muff slam exit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1J3NLNWAPU&amp;t=4m12s)
Dutch rudder?
Hey, can you give me $35 every year for free? No? Then you should call and stop payment protection.
True, I usually look at the bigger charges and skip over the dozen or more small charges (less than 10 bucks), half of which are my wife's. Every 6 months or so I will go line by line on a credit card.
&gt; Looking around online for other jobs I'm seeing most wages for the skill set I have falling in the 60k annual range $60k sounds reasonable to me. The only way you are going to know what you can get is to go out and interview. I find that tech often underpays newer employees, you will likely have to move to get a big jump in pay. Also, geography can count, IT jobs in Barrie will pay much less than IT jobs in downtown Toronto.
Never ride the shitty carnival rides at fairgrounds. Those things are haphazardly assembled **by drunk or drug fueled carnies** and don't get the same rigorous safety checks that real theme parks do **and if anything happens they just pack up and move to the next town**. FTFY
Give this guy a Major Award!
It really racks up the points with the ladies!
Except he was the only human to survive. Is your name Alan or Albert?
I am from Canada and was travelling to the USA for work and to give a presentation to a dozen people. While connecting my laptop to the projector, we are chatting about differences between USA and Canada. I mention off hand that in Canada milk comes in bags. The Americans are confused and intrigued as to what that means, so on the big projector, I google "Canadian milk bags". The image results were NSFW.
I wish... I HATE Spirit airlines, but just took a flight: Spirit airlines return trip was $200, Delta was $650. Even $100 in extras (checked bag &amp; select seat), it was still $400 cheaper, which is a lot when you are flying a family of 4. I hate Spirit airlines, but I hate wasting $1400 more.
I am going to guess that the conservative base that elected Ford is not the typical demographic that follows basketball.
You don't need a budget as long as you're saving enough every month, spend the rest of it on whatever you want **as long as you don't go into debt**. Living off credit cards, HELOC and other types of debt has been a huge problem for the past 10 - 20 years.
Autonomy day discussed solving the issue with the new custom designed hardware that is just now going into cars. Most Teslas on the road have older hardware.
I disagree - if the bucket gets stuck on the bottom, the raft is going to float right over top the arm causing damage, possibly flipping the excavator off.
&gt; The custom designed hardware is to improve understanding of the world and self driving. ... &gt; The hardware chip does nothing to help interpret the world. lol.
Not sure what others meant, but you get status as soon as you earn it until the end of next year. So if you earn Titanium (platinum) from Jan 1 to Oct 10, 2019, then you get that status immediately until the end of 2020, (and usually a month or 2 afterwards).
You are correct. Paying the minimum on credit cards is a very bad idea. Paying just above the minimum is not much better. You need to cut back to pay more off, or increase your income. Every extra dollar you put against the credit card goes directly against what is owed, and is another dollar that you don't have to pay interest on next month &amp; all future months. The pre-emptive response is to not go into credit card debt to start with. For others reading this: if you cannot pay off your credit cards IN FULL every month, put all credit cards away until you have a zero balance.
Yes. You can even do a cool walk &amp; fly combo shot.
If you like that and want to play more check out http://nandgame.com/
The guy drove his car to a Taco Bell drive through and fell asleep with a gun on his lap and the car in drive. Taco Bell called 911, police responded, saw the gun and called backup. They tried to open the door, but it was locked. The guy woke up, cops shouted at him, and he reached for the gun. Multiple body camera angles here. https://atlantablackstar.com/2019/04/01/body-camera-footage-released-in-fatal-shooting-death-of-california-rapper-who-was-sleeping-in-car/
Almost every mutual fund does not promise a return or "annual interest". You give your money to a MF company to buy a set number of shares. The MF company invests those shares in stocks, bonds or other things based on the prospectus of the mutual fund. Some of the funds invest to track an index (passive management), some do their own research to decide what to invest in (active management). e.g. [TDB 900](https://www.tdassetmanagement.com/Fund-Document/pdf/Fund-Facts/TD-Mutual-Funds/TDB900E.pdf) invests in equities, is passive management and tracks the TSX Index (Toronto). If the underlying investments go up in value, the price of your shares will increase. If the underlying investments create dividends, then either you will get dividends, or those dividends will be re-invested for more of the MF. That is how you get a return. On the down side, each mutual fund has expenses to manage the fund, and this is called the "Management Expense Ratio" (MER). MER can be as high as 3%, or as low as 0.1%. This percentage is taken away from your return. If the fund had 8% gross returns and a 2% MER, you would only see a 6% increase in your investment. If the return lost 3% with a 2% MER, you would lose 5%! This is why passive index investing with low fees is often preferred.
When you are disassembling - use a large flat area (aka clean table or floor) and lay out parts that you take off in order. If there are lots of screws, get an empty egg carton or similar to hold screws and such in a similar layout. When reassembling, reverse the order of parts and screws.
My thoughts and prayers go out to USA's democracy. If only something could be done to stop bing Russia's bitch.
Bald monk / kung-fu master? You are kind of too feminine-cute for it though.
Exactly - friends asked "where am I going to charge when I go to a cottage for the weekend?" ... My response: At the cottage! Even with a standard plug, you will get 150+ miles in a day and a half, enough to get you home or 2-3 hours to a super charger.
Hmm. Starlink sats on the same orbital plane will be about 670km apart.
You should not fuck a supermodel for an hour. Then you can never not fuck a supermodel again!
You can track the public addresses and see how successful it is.
Their job (Border Patrol and TSA Agents) is to make the "bad guys" nervous by being a jerk. When they are a jerk, I see them as doing a good job ;)
Never point a loaded spoon at anything you don't want to scoop.
&gt; Quadriga recently filed for bankruptcy and their website doesn't exist? Does this mean I just lost my money on wallet X? If you kept your crypto on Quadriga, yes you are out of luck.
What the duck?
Probably. What address did you send it to?
Don't worry, if you get stuck, you won't have to wait too long to run out of air. :)
The problem is people quickly react to an emergency. Emergency -&gt; 911 -&gt; police.
Generally not. When I did get things changed it was usually from the platinum reservation center.
&gt; My main question is this - is my money better allocated elsewhere instead of paying $1500 per month towards my highest interest loan? Paying down 4.4% debt is the best path, unless you get some match (401k, ESPP, pension).
I am genuinely curious what the "don't talk to cops" contingent has to say about this. Don't talk to cops &amp; let someone get away with theft? Talk to cops and potentially incriminate yourself? Hire a lawyer to talk to the cops &amp; pay more than the value of the theft?
Yes
&gt; I feel I need to switch banks as I'm paying a monthly fee at my current bank for the most basic chequing account and Visa. Yes. Find a bank account that does not charge fees for what you want. Tangerine is often mentioned here, TD is as well. &gt; If I have enough money to pay back the entirety of my student loans should I do it? If you have a good job and some emergency fund, then pay off your debt. &gt; Should I actually be saving for retirement already? Yes. Start with TFSA. &gt; Finally anyone have any budgeting/finance rules? Here is some general advice for people finished with school: Solid goals are: - Get out of debt - Create / increase an emergency fund. Basic is 3 months minimal spending, longer goal of 6 months normal spending - Save for retirement - Save for the long term (house/early retirement) Automated payments - you can setup on-line or in the bank a monthly automated payment for almost all debt and savings. 1. Setup a separate emergency fund. Put these funds into a TFSA savings account. If you already maximize your TFSA contributions for other reasons, put the emergency fund into a regular (non registered) account. 2. If you have a job with a matching RRSP/pension/ESPP or similar, maximize the match as long as you can work on high interest debt or contribute to your basic emergency fund. 3. If you have debt over 10% interest, pay it off now! Pay as much as you can each month. Use the mantra "I cannot afford it". Put your credit card away until it has 0 balance. 4. Contribute something to your basic emergency fund if it is not already big enough: 3 months of minimal spending. Determine how much more you need in the emergency fund, divide it by 12 (or less) and put that much into the emergency fund each month. 5. If you have debt from 7 - 10% interest, focus on paying it off but make sure to contribute something to your basic emergency fund. Focus less and less as the interest rate is below 7%. 6. If you have debt less than 3% interest, pay it on schedule - do not overpay. 7. Contribute everything else to your basic emergency fund: 3 months of minimal spending. If the basic emergency fund is big enough, contribute something to the ultimate emergency fund: 6 months of normal spending. 8. After all of the above is covered, focus on maximizing your TFSA contributions ($5500 / year as of 2018). 9. After TFSA is maximized, maximize RRSP contributions (deducting any contributions &amp; match from #1). 10. If you have a mortgage or are buying a home, save to get at least 20% down and plan and setup to overpay by at least 10% per month. When you start getting ahead and have some financial responsibilities (spouse/children/mortgage) get some life insurance. Only use term insurance.
No, just add to the e-fund.
Especially since SpaceX is 0/3 in bringing a FH center core back to land.
LOL @ /r/SpaceX allowing "discussion".
This is the truth. My understanding is that using the entry burn and grid fins, the F9 is ballistically aimed slightly away from the LZ / ASDS, and only corrects the landing/impact point when the landing burn starts &amp; is norminal. That way if the landing burn does not ignite (FH Launch 1) or there's a problem (CRS-16), the F9 will crash land in a non-critial spot.
It looks so cool, but having experienced similar myself, there's an ass-kicking coming when the wave dumps her on the beach, rocks or coral. Since she seems to know what she's doing, I wonder what the escape is.
I fully second this, walking down the street is a huge judgement. I am a middle aged, tall guy who would not harm a fly, but I don't like the looks women &amp; children give me when I'm alone and/or they are alone walking down the street -- like I'm a rapist or kidnapper. Eye contact and/or smiling seems to make it worse, I usually just look away and keep my distance. When I am walking with my wife or another woman, the reactions are much better. Then I see cute, young women with black hearts and terrible deeds get rewarded for their looks.
Nothing. You will need to account for taxes - capital gains/loss - that may happen as a part of the trade, but it is pretty much a zero return as you are looking to transfer the funds, not buy &amp; hold based on currency fluctuations.
Can you dump core in O(log n) time?
&gt; My personal belief is that housing is a human right and, much like medical care, we must work to remove it from the grip of the free market. Public ownership of housing is the way to go. Interesting concept. Would housing be standardized for all like medical care? What level of housing would each person get? Can you purchase an upgrade?
tl;dr Yes, probably.
Same thing with my niece, except she slipped on the stairs of a dew covered deck running to see family friend that was on the riding lawnmower.
Not if SpaceX does what most tech companies do these days - dual class of shares. To maintain control of the company, founders get special shares with 10 votes each. The common shares traded on the market only have 1 vote each (or sometimes 0 votes each).
&gt; I would think most policies state they have to treat the public with respect and be truthful with them at all times. No. Police can and are often encouraged to lie about many, many things. "We found your fingerprints found at the scene. You're in trouble unless you give us your side of the story." The "Mr. Big" sting has been run several times. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3Pv4kSN5pg
Keep families together while in detention. Allow family to take temporary custody of the child. Allow vetted volunteer foster families to take temporary custody of the child. Keep accurate and up to date records of who has which child and how to contact them.
For co-op, experience could be pulling network cables or writing enhancements for the mission critical app that a business uses.
Matthew 25:34-40 (longer quote from parent Matthew 25:35) is my favorite "Christian philosophy" that is rarely practiced by christians. 34 “Then the King will say to those on his right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inheritance, the kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world. 35 For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, 36 I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me.’ 37 “Then the righteous will answer him, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? 38 When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? 39 When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?’ 40 “The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’
The majority of the 10 commandments are good morals that any atheist would say makes sense: Respect your father and mother. You must not commit murder. You must not commit adultery. You must not steal. You must not give false evidence against your neighbour. You must not be envious of your neighbour's goods. You shall not be envious of his wife.
It's in the terms of the contract. And RotonGG, you should see a GI doc about that last poop, that is NOT normal.
In OP's defense, if you are going to retire in 20 years, inflation alone is going to increase your expenses by ~50%. Also, assuming a fixed lifetime, every year you work &amp; save is one less year you have to provide income in RE.
Geogebra - when geometry and algebra integrate.
&gt; Money is only 'yours' to invest in your name if is originally came from you How the hell can you attribute money in a joint account with multiple deposits and withdrawals from both holders? Money is fungible.
Likely you will do nothing. An easy way to do something is file a complaint - https://lnnte-dncl.gc.ca/en/Consumer/Frequently-Asked-Questions Basically it is a "sternly worded letter" that will wind up as a data point on some spreadsheet and powerpoint somewhere. If you want to go to the hassle, record your phone calls. Tell them to not call you and put you on the do not call list, as you have no business with them and this is an unsolicited sales call. When they call back, record it, file a lawsuit and either fight it or take the settlement they will throw your way.
It's time for a revolution - pull the boys!
From a french kiss?
i=i++;
Undefined Behavior in C &amp; C++ for decades. Finally defined in C++17 in 2017. https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/eval_order
It is undefined behavior - you have no guarantee as to what your program will do. &amp;#x200B; i=i++; does 3 things. Retrieve the value of i Assign the retrieved value to i Increment i &amp;#x200B; The problem is there's no well defined ordering to the assign and increment actions. It has finally been defined in C++17 in 2017 - it has been bad code in C &amp; C++ for decades. &amp;#x200B; Finally, the code could be much simpler, so it clearly shows the programmer's lack of knowledge. &amp;#x200B; i++;
20 km from launch (60 seconds) and 12 km from landing (37 seconds). Makes me think he was [around here](https://goo.gl/maps/gKVNVDGYVaywgjXdA)
I picked 999. Could have gone higher.
Put a little love in it
In C &amp; C++ (before C++17 in 2017) it is undefined behavior - it could literally do anything. &amp;#x200B; In Java and other major languages i=i++; is equivalent to: Retrieve the original value of i. Increment i. Set i to the retrieved (original) value of i. aka it does nothing except show how bad the programmer is.
&gt; and disabled people don't exist just to be used to guilt other people into doing the same things as them No they don't. However, according to the half of the comments getting upvotes, disable people exist to make funny jokes. Some of the jokes include: - Triangles. - Heel hook defense. - One guy has a leg up on the other. - About 80 to 90 percent of your training should be people who have significantly less limbs than you
Go see a doctor. Try to recall what vaccines and when they were administered. The doctor will likely run tests and/or give more vaccine, then give you the documentation you need.
Reducing costs is good for shareholders. /s
My wife and I stopped when we projected that it would grow to 50k per kid. They can contribute the last few years and we will match them. E.g. they contribute $1000 in a year, we would match $1000 and the government would add $400. From their perspective they get an extra $1400 from $1000.
Next level psychic - she knew you would take a picture and post it on the internet, giving her free advertising.
Season 1 had a lot of tech and not too much psychology / unreliable narrator. Season 2 had a little less tech and a lot of psychology &amp; unreliable narrator (looking at you Alf). Thus some of the people who watched solely for the technology were turned off in season 2 - to quote my co-worker "I liked the hacks &amp; linux in the first season, but stopped watching this season (2), there is too much mental stuff."
Freedom Healthcare
If your intention for the cash is to reduce your mortgage principal, then just overpay the mortgage instead of putting into the TFSA... assuming you can do that interest free. Most mortgages allow at least 10% overpayment per month, and at least 10% of principal once per year. 1) Yes. Overpaying monthly by 10% can reduce your mortgage payback by years. 2) By overpaying immediately, you reduce the mortgage principal immediately. That will slightly change the interest/principal ratio of future mortgage payments.
Eisenhower talked about this in 1961 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg-jvHynP9Y
The first stages for CCP can be landed and reused for other SpaceX launches.
Roatan was weird, I saw people dive in a swimsuit while others had a 5 mil full wetsuit.
Perfectly vertical, holding onto the line, not wearing a rash guard, white skin and having multiple pictures taken of them - yup, newbies. At least they aren't touching the coral / sea life.
Now is the time to grieve, not to make decisions about RRSP/TFSA/ETFs.
Hidden cameras at AirBNBs: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N88G1Pp8Qvs https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/warrant-virginia-airbnb-guests-found-145356319.html Can and has happened at hotels.
Where? I am not a shoe guy and can only find Venture 6 / 7 for $50+
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I14b-C67EXY
Credit cards are a tool, and many people hit themselves in the foot with that tool. If you use credit cards wisely day to day it can be advantageous (pay off in full each month). Churning looks really good on paper, but could be a problem if you are not really organized with managing the credit cards.
No budget - I set recurring bills to autopay, set savings to auto-save, and spend anything extra on nice things and/or saving more. I paid my mortgage off before maxing tax all advantaged accounts - put 10% extra into the mortgage each payment, setup TFSA each month to max-out, setup some (but not max) RRSP each month. Used the tax refund from RRSP to lump-sum pay down the mortgage each year... mortgage evaporated in a handful of years. I use my credit card for almost everything and set it to autopay each month.
With no raise at your current place &amp; based on your description you should move. My general policy is it takes 20% to get me to move if I am not interested in moving. Since you are interested in moving, 15% seems reasonable. I would bug your current company to quantify your raise without mentioning you have an offer. If they offered you $85K would you stay? Think of the minimum number you would want to stay. If they don't meet that number or don't get back to you in a timely manner, then move on.
Barber: How would you like your hair done? Russian: Medium Rare.
ESPP is great but also risky if you hold. ESPP match/discount is "free money", but your employment income is already tied to the company, you should not tie up your investments in the company as well. If you had cash in an investment account, would you choose to buy your company's stock (with no ESPP match)? If not, then there's no reason to hold on to the stock - sell as soon as you can.
Even though it is humorous, I commend them for wanting to step away and seek their own independence. To relate them to "real people": from the article his dad provides 95% (£5m) from an old-money real-estate portfolio. 5% (£250,000) comes from the government as the sovereign fund. If they do not accept the sovereign fund, they are off of the government's payroll for regular expenses. However, there are undisclosed security costs paid by the government. I'm ok with this in general because Harry can't choose to not be 6th in line for the throne... however if they live in North America &amp; travel to the UK, it could increase those costs. Also, they should call their cell phone providers and threaten to move unless they get a better rate ;)
It is standard policy, but many hotels can waive the fee, especially if you have status or are part of a company. Most hotels will work with you, especially if you give them some notice. If you tell them at after work that you are checking out tomorrow, they can clean &amp; rebook the room. If you tell them after work that you are leaving immediately, they will have an empty room for a night.
Congrats, glad to see that you have come a long way, you are well on the way to go fuck yourself. :)
The crazy thing about money these days is it is just a number on a computer. $1 or $100 or $10,000 or $1,000,000. If you are investing, you can probably go to $10 million or more with basic approach of index ETFs or mutual funds. VTSAX manages [$800 billion under management](https://investor.vanguard.com/mutual-funds/profile/VTSAX). Some of the differences as the numbers go up: If you have a lot of capital in a financial company, they will offer a financial advisor or a wealth manager for their "High Net Worth" clients. CDIC is capped at $100,000 so there's no point in keeping more than that in a regular bank account. Obviously other investing opportunities avail themselves when you increase your net worth. One of the first steps is becoming an [accredited investor](https://brightspark.com/blog/the-canadian-accredited-investor-exemption-explained).
Path II please. I have unsubscribed to /r/SpaceX and been occasionally vocal due to the over-moderation (IMHO). Posts should have similar to current levels of moderation, especially posts that get to the front of the sub. Any comment on most posts should be fair game - open to funny comments and such. I would encourage users to "moderate with votes". If something does not fit their image of the community, downvote it. I wish mods had an option between a single downvote and remove - like a 2x downvote or a 10x downvote. This would effectively bury marginal content unless the community finds it and upvotes it a lot.
You don't. He is a foreign national who died in a different country - that country's estate laws should apply. But, you can possibly help his parents. Make a list of Canadian assets he had. Offer to look in his effects for any account statements or other clues for Canadian financial accounts he might have opened. If he was getting grants or work employment, the originator might have direct deposit information, might take a death certificate to share that info.
You: Am I ready to FIRE? Financial advisor: Good news, you can retire right now! I spoke with your doctor and have calculated your best safe withdrawal rate. Doctor: Your safe withdrawal rate is 100% - you won't run out of money. Trust me.
My kid's school always lays out a table or 2 full of lost items whenever all the parents are to come in. Always wonder how a single winter boot would wind up in lost &amp; found.
Stayed at 2 places. Gand Cayman- very nice beach / ocean, small pool, nice turtles, pricey. Curaçao- great pool, had a room with a nice view, beach was underwhelming.
All of the points made are legitimate, but I respectfully disagree. TFSA and RRSP are both great, and given the choice you should maximize both. tl;dr: Both are good, most people will do better with a TFSA Both TFSA and RRSP are good. For years RRSPs have been and are still great, awesome, amazing and fantastic. Today, TFSAs are even better. Before TFSAs, the mantra has been to invest in RRSPs as it was better than a regular account. In the last 10 years TFSAs are generally better than RRSPs - it depends on your current income, expected withdrawal income, pensions, rates of returns, etc... In the few cases where RRSPs could be better financially, RRSPs can only be better than TFSAs if you contribute the up front tax savings that the RRSP gets you back into to the RRSP. e.g. You can contribute $3000 after tax dollars in a year and are in a 33% tax bracket. If $3000 is deposited into a TFSA, you are done. If it is deposited into an RRSP, you will get a $1000 back in taxes, which MUST be reinvested to have any chance of beating a TFSA. In fact, you should deposit $4500 into the RRSP and get a $1500 refund to make it a net deposit of $3000. Another difference of TFSA vs. RRSP is the flexibility. Flexibility is good because you can use a TFSA for non-retirement purposes such as an emergency fund or saving for a car. Flexibility is bad if you are using the TFSA for retirement and discipline is a challenge... it is "easier" in terms of pain and $$$ impact to prematurely remove funds from a TFSA than an RRSP. If you are in a position to not maximize both RRSP and TFSA, I would argue that having access to invested money without a penalty is a good thing.
["Is Wayne Brady gonna have to CHOKE a bitch?"](https://youtu.be/Em8_DgM0QIk?t=141). You better get strait with Wayne Brady, [Otherwise ...](https://youtu.be/Em8_DgM0QIk?t=32)
And escort the body out of the condo.
Congrats &amp; go fuck yourself ... something something... go fuck your fiancee in 3 years ;)
I posted and asked about assets and consensus was LeanFIRE &lt; $1M &lt; FIRE &lt; $5M &lt; FatFIRE. COL and life (spouse/kids) obviously change the numbers. Using 3% or 4% rule it equates to income: LeanFIRE &lt; $30k-$40k &lt; FIRE &lt; $150k-$200k &lt; FatFIRE.
Fake website, fake phone number. Legit person sending the funds doesn't see it's missing again and files a police report. If there's fraud, then interac funds can be reversed. If I send money, I am opening myself to that risk, while not ever being a party to the transaction. I don't want the money, but I don't want to be scammed even more. My policy is if the other person initiates contact (the etransfer), and I don't know them then I am suspect.
Can you 100% guarantee it's not a fraud and I won't be at risk? I didn't ask for the money and don't want the money, but don't want to get scammed even more.
I reported it to Interac... crickets.
Now that is a great way to get scammed. Hack account A, send a random person an etransfer, ask for money to be deposited to another account, profit!
Congrats to him, but I have seen people addicted to gambling lose all of their winnings, and he has some indicators. - Risk manager that plays the lottery. - He won first and second in a workplace draw. Chances are he bought a lot of tickets to win first and second. - He won a car. - Buys an "extra ticket or two" when the jackpot is high. - Wife wants to play $100 slots in Vegas. Any one or two of these can be luck or co-incidence, but all of these together in a small news article point towards a pattern.
It all falls down with password reset. If you lose your email password, several mail systems let you get a code sent to your phone to reset the password. Then with a hacked email account the attacker can password reset other accounts that use email and/or SMS to reset. Throw an online crypto account in there and you can lose a lot very fast.
I did. It was great! First open new accounts - TFSA, RRSP, non-reg, etc. With no money in them. Get the forms transfer Investments and funds to those accounts. Have the break-up meeting with your advisor, see if they will help fill in the forms. Wait a month for everything to transfer. Come up with a plan to rebalance your investments. Execute the trades to rebalance.
I guess a lot of CA is condos, rentals and street parking, which makes home charging hard or impossible. edit: thanks for the silver!
His LinkedIn. MBA from York, used to work at Investors Group, currently a director at Experior Financial Group. https://www.linkedin.com/in/mitchellhuynh/ I know &amp; do not like Investors Group, decided to google "Experior Financial Group reviews". First link: https://www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/Employee-Review-Experior-Financial-Group-RVW9928047.htm His side of the story: https://twitter.com/nightside1010/status/1217652008573947904
LOL, you want mods to crack down on sharing publicly accessible information gained through some google-fu research? I literally googled ["Experior Financial Group reviews'](https://www.google.com/search?q=experior+financial+group+reviews&amp;oq=Experior+Financial+Group+reviews) and linked the first result... and said that was the first link. The other 2 links are a publicly available LinkedIn page and to add balance I included a link to an interview he agreed to so he could share his side of the story. If you have an alternative position, please provide some evidence to support your position.
Cold.
Big Mac to Big Mac comparison: Big Mac, Small French Fries, Small Coke. 1970s: .65 + .46 + .20 = $1.06. Minimum wage in 1970s (from OP): $1.60. You would have to work 66% of an hour to eat at McD's in 1970s. Today: Big Mac Meal (Big Mac, Medium Fries, Medium Drink) = $6.83 (from Illinois, [the most average state](https://www.businessinsider.com/the-most-average-states-in-america-2014-4#2-washington-100) ) Minimum today wage in IL: $8.25. You would have to work 83% of an hour to eat at McD's today.
https://www.google.com/search?q=minimum+wage+illinois
Non-large to non-large. Please do the calculations with Large coke and Large fries.
Brother in-law and I are going too! I am on The shuttle to the stadium right now.
The difference is the horizontal velocity. At fairing separation, they are going well below orbital velocity, at nominal trunk separation the trunk is going much faster (orbital velocity). This trunk survived because it was jettisoned at a little less than the speed of fairing separation.
I don't know Rogers' plan, but the other ESPP plans I have seen with a required hold period only have the stipulation on the matched shares, not all shares.
Pros: - Pension worth more than 10k / year. - Job security. - LCOL. Cons: - Less upward mobility compared to private sector. - Less take-home.
This one can be tough. Melting &amp; re-freezing snow on the roof can create a layer of hard to move ice without damaging the vehicle. That ice won't budge until the interior warms it a bit and combines with highway speed wind. Clearing the ice gets tougher the taller the vehicle is - tractor trailers can be deadly.
Courtyard used to be a great product for economical &amp; comfortable business travel. Free breakfast, free wifi. Now Courtyards are a bad mash up of other Marriott brands. Similar quality as a Fairfield, similar price as mainline Marriott, smaller rooms than a Spring Hill Suites or Residence Inn.
I don't think the CRA has access to # of trades inside a TFSA, only contributions &amp; withdrawals. My speculation is that the CRA is flagging anyone over a certain amount.
VTSAX is a US listed mutual fund in USD that tracks the total US stock market. MER is 0.04%. VTI is a US listed listed ETF in USD that tracks the total US stock market. MER is 0.03%. VUN is a Canadian listed ETF in CAD that tracks the total US stock market. MER is 0.16%. VTI, VUN, VTSAX are very similar. Buying/selling an ETF can cost $10 per trade. In addition for anything listed in US dollars you will need USD, which can lose 0.5% to 1% or more in foreign exchange fees if you are converting CAD. That's why the spud would generally recommend VUN for Canadian investors. https://canadiancouchpotato.com/2013/12/09/ask-the-spud-when-should-i-use-us-listed-etfs/ You should also think about diversifying and not invest 100% in the US stock market. There are other equity markets and having some fixed income could make sense. VEQT is an ETF that tracks world wide equities and VGRO/VBAL are ETFs that have a mix of VEQT and fixed income.
Take the money. The way that taxes work is you pay a certain percentage of tax on every new dollar earned (called marginal tax rate). As you make more, the amount of tax on the "new dollars" earned goes up. These are the tax brackets for Canada - https://turbotax.intuit.ca/tips/an-overview-of-federal-tax-rates-286 How it works with payroll is that for each pay period, payroll withholds taxes from your paycheck as if you made that much money every pay period. That means you will be taxed extra when you have a big bump in OT pay for a those pay periods. However, when you file your income taxes you "settle up" your tax bill for the year. You account for all of the pay you have earned and all of the taxes you have paid, and if you were overtaxed due to earning extra in a few pay periods, you get a tax refund.
Also, a study found that "[Ovulating women unconsciously buy sexier clothing to outdo attractive women](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/08/100804122711.htm)".
My ELI5: A main drive of a human being is to reproduce. If you don't have the drive to reproduce, then you are much less likely to pass your genetics down. A lot of this desire is deep rooted in the subconscious part of the brain - in the [limbic system](https://www.brainblogger.com/2014/05/20/brain-sex-in-men-and-women-from-arousal-to-orgasm/), the [nucleus accumbens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nucleus_accumbens) and other areas. The limbic system is sometimes called [your lizard brain](https://www.psychologytoday.com/ca/blog/where-addiction-meets-your-brain/201404/your-lizard-brain) because it is in "charge of fight, flight, feeding, fear, freezing up, and fornication". If you see people having sex, then the lizard brain is senses that others are doing something to pass their genes on, and it might be a good time to be aroused to have sex and pass your own genes on as well. Thus, porn arouses people.
$500k is a lot. If a couple makes $200k, pays $30k in taxes and spends $70k per year, then they can save $100k / year. With a 7% rate of return they would have $5 million in 22 years.
Try married couple filing jointly with 2 defendants in NJ/NY.
Just did this last weekend - was going to stay with someone else on points and they were going to get there first. Surprisingly the hotel didn't ask for any ID verification, I just called the hotel, said that I had a reservation, who I was, and the name of the other person.
Same here, I was blown away. I was never much into country music and growing up I was also never too impressed with Dolly's huge hair and massive tits that she would joke about... it was just not my thing as a child &amp; teenager. But listening to the podcast was a revelation... the lyrics of her songs and the messages she has for people, it is really impressive &amp; I am glad to know the real person.
I counted probably 22, definitely 18. Ended at 4:17. She definitely out at 4:35 &amp; the announcers were saying it. She was probably out as early as 4:39, but hard to tell. She was actively fighting the choke at 4:40. Either way the ref didn't notice a damn thing.
I don't respect you, but have my upvote.
Yes, laugh with them, tell them it's a great, harmless prank. As a reward take them for ice cream and beat them with jumper cables.
R0 of Wuhan Coronovirus is probably above 3: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Novel_coronavirus_(2019-nCoV)#Infection &gt; One research group has estimated the basic reproduction number (R0) of the virus to be between 3 and 5, meaning it typically infects 3 to 5 people per established infection. Other research groups have estimated the basic reproduction number to be between 1.4 and 3.8.
&gt; Interplanetary Transport Network. "... the trip from Earth to Mars or other distant locations would likely take thousands of years." ITN is a great idea, and might be useful for non-human transportation, but is useless for humans.
This breaks one of the subreddits rules: Don't ask or suggest employee discounts or codes, anything illegal, grossly against the terms &amp; conditions or very unethical
It happens. I have had anywhere from 2 to 5 cards for 2 decades. Sometimes its years without a card being hit but once I had 3 cards hit in 6 months. Using credit cards more frequently, traveling more and erratic use (making fraud patterns harder to detect) add to the chance of cards being hit. And that is aside from getting caught up in a big hack: Heartland, Target, TJ Maxx, etc... Sometimes it is very customer friendly - they detected the fraud before my bill arrives, called me and told me the card is compromised and they will mail me a new one asap. Sometimes it is the opposite - I called the fraud department and let them know about fraudulent activity on my bill, and listed all of the charges I did, and those that are fraudulent... just to be asked "So you accept every charge you listed?" and when I said no, they asked how I knew about the charges and I had to remind them that they sent me a bill with those charges... duh? But in the end, everything was reversed, new credit cards were delivered and life goes on... until the next time.
XGRO is fractionally better.
I worked all the way through it by dumb luck. I worked at customer sites in technical pre and post sales activities at a small but growing company (grew to 500 people) that went public in 2007 and managed to cash out some equity in early 2008. In April 2008, we were acquired by a huge company (5000 people). When the meltdown hit, we had sales &amp; field service staff dedicated to the financial sector, and a big team had most of their accounts evaporate: Lehman Brothers, Bear Sterns, AIG, etc... most of those people left the company in 3 months. Then all customers stopped any additional purchasing. Our company had 2 rounds of layoffs of 12 months. About 20% of the workforce was let go, but I managed to miss the cut both times. The layoffs seemed indiscriminate - entire development teams were let go, entire field offices were shut down, while other more apparently wasteful areas were untouched.
I worked all the way through it by dumb luck. I worked at customer sites in technical pre and post sales activities at a small but growing company (grew to 500 people) that went public in 2007 and managed to cash out some equity in early 2008. In April 2008, we were acquired by a huge company (5000 people). When the meltdown hit, we had sales &amp; field service staff dedicated to the financial sector, and a big team had most of their accounts evaporate: Lehman Brothers, Bear Sterns, AIG, etc... most of those people left the company in 3 months. Then all customers stopped any additional purchasing. Our company had 2 rounds of layoffs of 12 months. About 20% of the workforce was let go, but I managed to miss the cut both times. The layoffs seemed indiscriminate - entire development teams were let go, entire field offices were shut down, while other more apparently wasteful areas were untouched.
What you say makes sense, the challenge is finding a $250k property that is a duplex / rentable to 2 tenants for $1000 each. Those properties may exist, but are the minority in the GTA.
Go away with your "whataboutism".
True, but OP asked about the GTA. &gt; I’m always hearing about people buying rental properties or speculating in the GTA. I don’t really understand how they are able to do it.
Went to NY for New Years with my family and cried twice. First when we went to the 9/11 memorial and museum. I knew someone who died and it hit me hard. Then, went to New Years Eve for the ball drop, and cried I was happy that my family was together and we saw the ball drop.
No. Don't snoop on other's private information. In a relationship, ask about something you are curious about. I have accidentally snooped on people - like a text notification pops up after they hand me their phone to watch a video, or when its just sitting on the table. I always own up to that 'cause it wasn't intentional, and I would expect the same respect back.
Whoever asks for the first date pays. If the other person offers to split, even better. Works for all genders &amp; sexual orientations.
In Canada (and possibly elsewhere), there are programs to help those in tough times. Some government systems have a clawback where every dollar you make loses 50 cents of government money, plus normal income tax, which can make an oppressive 70 - 80% effective tax rate.
He covers it as the cost of capital (debt and equity). If you put your money towards your house (as down payment and principal payments on mortgage), then you don't have that money to invest, which could be earning a return that is usually better than real-estate returns (also covered in the video). When the mortgage is finally paid off some years in the future, the home-owner will have the entire home equity and reduced living expenses (no mortgage, but still property tax and maintenance), whereas the renter will still have significant housing costs, but would have a much larger investment portfolio.
Uh-huh
Nice
If it's stupid but it works... it ain't stupid.
Mostly dumb luck. I was a part of the new, growing company that was acquired and seen as a growth engine for the company, so our group was hit less. I was not a part of the financial team that was decimated, but my team did have the major USA auto companies. Unfortunately / fortunately neither the small nor big company was able to land them as customers before the meltdown, so there was not much business to lose. To toot my own horn for 2009 and in general, I try to make myself "able hands" and learn new technologies and be ready to jump into any project needed. The company I am at today acquired a new product 6 months ago, and I am already viewed as an expert that can bridge the 2 technologies.
Reminder of the subreddit rule: **Don't ask or suggest employee discounts or codes**, anything illegal, grossly against the terms &amp; conditions or very unethical.
Not your keys, not your coins.
Yes, his approach was too on the nose &amp; cringe, but the Bachelor / Bachelorette seems a bit less so. Someone should create a show called "Starship Bachelor" where women compete to go on the trip.
Airplane engines often run closer to the edge in terms of performance, especially at take off. Temperatures and pressures are closer to the maximum of the engine. In a car, you press the gas pedal, in an airplane you set the RPM, engine mixture (gas/air) and possibly air source based on your current altitude, outside temperature and desired speed &amp; vertical velocity
D: Save the $3700 / month as an emergency fund until you have at least 6 months of spending as you see a lot of risk on your future income.
100% agree. Dealing with a large chain that needs a solution that uses COTS &amp; custom apps, an architecture for thousands of stores to deliver, secure &amp; integrate POS, time tracking, scheduling, security cameras and misc systems. Every transaction should run in the cloud for immediate analysis capabilities, but needs local redundancy if the store internet is down, with automated store &amp; forward of important data, and needs remote redundancy (cloud only) if the store backend is not working properly. The in store infrastructure should be minimal to save costs across thousands of stores, have some self healing, and remotely configurable.
1. Ask the day before or early the day of. Call the hotel and ask. 2. Be flexible on your check-in time. If possible, get there early, ask at the front desk to offer to wait for your suite. Some suites are ready overnight and will be given away early, some need to be cleaned and could be ready later in the day. 3. Be nice. Sugar works a lot better than vinegar.
It breaks the brain - almost all money is nothing but numbers stored on a computer that we all agree represent money. The question is who do you want to secure that information?
Yes -https://www.reddit.com/r/PersonalFinanceCanada/comments/e2y0oe/is_td_easyweb_down_for_anyone_else/ Also, I have been getting a glitch where I login to easyweb, go through 2FA with SMS, then get dumped at the login page again saying my session expired. Second login alwasy works.
"Never mind, I'll just leave her a little going away present so she can remember me for the next 18 years."
&gt; Z = 6Y - 9X (mod 2^31) Here's ELI5: You want a sequence of random numbers (X,Y,Z) to be random, not correlated to each other (if I give you X and Y what can you say about Z). Unfortunately RANDU and some other methods use algorithms that allow you to limit what Z could be if you have X and Y. In particular: Z = 6Y - 9X However, the random function does not return an arbitrarily large or small number, we want to bound it to at most 2^31. Because 6Y - 9X may be too big or small, so we divide by 2^31 and take the remainder (mod 2^31).
We are going to roll a 6 sided die 3 times X,Y, then Z. If you use these bad RANDU dice, then I can tell what the thrid roll will be based on the first 2. The formula is multiply the second die by 6, multiply the first die by 9 and subtract them. Z = 6\*Y - 9\*X Let's try that by rolling a 3 then a 5. Z = 6\*5 - 9\*3 Z = 3. The third roll will be a 3. If the result is bigger than 6 or a negative number, then we divide by 6 and use the remainder. Let's try that by rolling a 1 then a 4. Z = 6\*4 - 9\*1 Z = 15. 15 divided by 6 is 2, remainder of 3. The third roll is 3. In reality, you are rolling "virtual dice" up to a very big number (2147483648), so it can be hard to spot the pattern with a human eye. (PS &amp; ELI25: this is a degenerate case always giving 3 as the group defined by 6, 6 and 9 are not co-prime)
The ELI5 is that the faster you go (near the ground), the more air resistance you get (like sticking your hand out of the car at 10 kph vs 50 kph). Also, the higher you go, the less air there is to push against you - in space there is effectively zero air so there is very little air resistance. Since the rocket is going faster &amp; faster and is increasing in altitude, the two factors work against each other. The time when there is maximum pressure is called Max Q.
And tear gas.
Hey, I'm stagin' here!
This is a great thread, I thought I knew a lot about SpaceX. TIL &amp; glad for it!
&gt; Moose out front should have told you [A great Canadian delivering the line.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwVpSBKzQYo)
I do not advocate for investing where you get your employment income - it is better to diversify. If something really bad happens to the employer, your employment income can be lost and your investments will take a hit.
As noted, value averaging is one option. Another strategy I have seen is constant unit averaging. Buy a fixed number of units each time period. If the price goes up, you outlay more money for the same investment, if the price goes down, you outlay less. It acts kind of the opposite of DCA and I would not recommend it IMHO. Also, it is not binary. I received a large windfall years ago, and mathematically knew that lump sum was best, but I did not feel emotionally ready to see a large dip if the markets went down. So instead, I did a lump sum for a good percentage and did DCA for the rest. It was about 40% lump sum and 2% / month DCA.
Who is the son of Falco junior?
Been there, done that. Once, luckily, after many iterations, the customer is satisfied with the final product, but dissatisfied with all of the time &amp; effort that was required. In response I dug through my sent folder and re-sent my initial suggested revisions to the design, which was 99% similar to the final product....
Are there physical circuit breakers / switches &amp; backup procedures in case of a serious system error? e.g. hard reboot the a dragon computer, or manually disconnect an electric/electronics circuit. What level of redundancy is in the Dragon computer hardware &amp; software? How similar is the code from Dragon 1 to Crew Dragon? What is the SDLC?
It does. I would LOVE to go sit on a patio and have a beer, but then I wonder why would I risk myself, but then I think that there's only been 10 new cases / day in my region, but then I wonder if I would rather see my extended family instead, but then I think I should support the local businesses, and then I just post on reddit.
Similar to how the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster declared PPE as religious garb. "The right to wear religious garb at work is protected by state and federal laws. Any church members who are denied their right to wear appropriate religious garb should consult with an attorney." https://www.spaghettimonster.org/ "Thy Noodle Come — Thy Sauce Be Yum — R’Amen"
While watching the final rows, I thought of that joke, then expected it to already be in the comments. "Thank goodness the flag is full and people can stop dying. /s"
There was a contingency procedure where an astronaut would ride in the cargo bay during re-entry. The shuttle could not re-enter unless the cargo bay doors were latched shut. If the cargo bay doors could not be closed, an EVA was needed to close and clamp the doors. With the doors closed, if the mission had SpaceLab in place, there was not enough room for the EVA astronaut to squeeze back to the airlock. So the plan was to strap in somewhere in the cargo bay and ride the shuttle down to landing in the space suit. https://waynehale.wordpress.com/2019/09/25/oops/
As much as people like to dislike Howard, if you look at his actions objectively, he is a good guy, one of the only ones in the show.
https://www.reddit.com/r/betterCallSaul/comments/4evyaq/why_does_howard_hate_kim/d245pmj/
Great acting yes, but the character is portrayed as a "bad guy" - often going against the protagonist, dislikable traits and generally shown in a bad light. But if you look at the decisions &amp; actions of Howard, he is a good person who is trying to help people, balanced with running a business and defend his brand, especially his color &amp; font.
If someone owns or rents property in a province, not allowing entrance is clearly against the charter. Also, it could be argued that overnight tourism constitutes residence. I think that more lawsuits will be coming. The local governments in cottage country in Ontario were screaming to not let people from the GTA come into their area, bringing C19 and overwhelming the rural medical system.
And that's a fact.
Just like we have first responders in case there is a fire, a heart attack or a bank robbery, we need first responders for mental health emergencies and domestic/relationship issues.
Tether is pretty scammy. Tether claims to be tied to real fiat cash, but the Tether T&amp;C do not back that up. Tether is misleading people to think it is pegged to fiat, when in reality, it is only worth that because people believe it is. The problem for the broader market is a price shock to other crypto when people look to dump tether when they believe it is worthless. It could spook people to sell crypto and drop the price, or it could make people dump tether for other more "name brand" coins.
Phase 2 for most parts of Ontario, but not Windsor Essex. Check the map here: https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/covid-10-coronavirus-ontario-june-8-stage-2-reopening-1.5602779 "In areas allowed to move into the next phase, restaurants, bars and food trucks will be able to open for outdoor dining on patios and in parking lots or adjacent premises. The province is allowing licensed establishments to set up or expand their outdoor eating spaces without an application fee to the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario. "
Here's a plan: don't send peaceful protestors to the hospital.
I think there needs to be a market to cover the spectrum of different "quality of delivery" options and costs associated. e.g. Delivering raw materials vs. electronics vs. humans. Raw materials (water, metal, plastic, etc...) can handle any level of G-load and is a cheap, easy to replace payload, so low level of assurance is needed. Secondary equipment (electronics, instruments, camera, etc...) can be designed to handle higher G-loads than humans can, but not infinite, and can be somewhat expensive and hard to replace. Humans can handle the least amount of G-loads, and are the most precious cargo that needs the highest level of safety.
The testing areas take cross infection very seriously. Still, I would prefer a drive-thru option. No direct human contact is needed for most of the process, except for the actual swabbing. Reception, verification &amp; questions can all be done behind a closed window.
The joke about catching [CSS Tallahassee](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS_Tallahassee) makes me think so.
get off my lawn doo doo d-do d-do
get off my lawn doo doo d-do d-do
get off my lawn doo doo d-do d-do
Check your chicken privilege.
No, they get promoted.
He's good for getting out of debt &amp; staying out of debt, but his investment advice is crap and his religion/politics would approve of OP's traffic stop.
According to this state diagram (not quite a Finite State Machine), these could be the lyrics that cover every word: Baby Shark Doo It's the end Doo Daddy Shark Grandpa Shark Grandma Shark Mommy Shark Let's Go Hunt Doo Safe at Last Doo Run Away
3 months too late.
I have been spouting on about home-made masks for 3 months. If the experts "didn't know", then they should have looked to Taiwan, Hong Kong and other areas that use masks everywhere and have less infections. This is the first video I shared, from Feb 14, 2020. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNjpH5lBZ8w Unfortunately it took thousands of deaths in Canada to get to where we are, and I still see people railing agains masks and posting specious anti-mask crap on FB.
Home made masks - I have posted this mask since March - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNjpH5lBZ8w People thought I was nuts.
Very fair? Take 15 minutes to make something that can save a life? People should have been making masks not hoarding toilet paper. In addition to simple home made masks, we could have sped up the cottage industry of sewing masks and having official "branded" masks. https://www.insider.com/fanatics-team-face-masks Unfortunately, the public was ready to hear the message and leadership was not ready to deliver it.
Do we name spots in Berlin "Hitler Square" to honor the millions of people who died in concentration camps?
Thank goodness they are only putting the satellites over USA and Canada to start. /s Seriously, my understanding is that Starlink will work anywhere in the world with the following restrictions: - regulatory approval for operations in that country - below a certain latitude - within a few hundred km of a base station (for phase 1)
3 times in the last 12 months: Bank draft to buy a car. Wire transfer. Open a new investing account (faster than online with ID verification). I don't know why regular people go in to cash checks, deposit / withdraw / pay bills. I did see several small business people go in for cash management - count &amp; deposit the cash register till, get small bills &amp; coins for register's cash float.
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in grease fire.
The editor on new reddit is nice, the old reddit editor is rather random.
Broken backslash arms: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Double space to mark a new line. Or else it does nothing like this line. 3. Randomly changing numbers
20+ years in IT &amp; computer science, never encountered markdown before reddit. I have used HTML, XML, SGML, XHTML, Tex/Latex, troff, CSS, JSON, WSDL and lots of programming languages: jsp, javascript, php, python, perl, CC++, java all the way to assembler. I have hand edited RTF files and machine code. But I don't understand why reddit chose a "slightly customized version of Markdown" when plenty of WYSIWYG web editors already existed for over a decade.
How does one end superscript in the middle of a word? e.g. down^updown? Where's the preview? Copy/paste of someone else's comment doesn't copy any formatting.
Youtube
Oh, I understand now. It came from /u/HerbMcToker ^ps ^read ^the ^video ^title
Before the front fell off?
Some people follow the rules pretty closely to stop the spread and you tend to not see them. Others follow somewhat and help reduce the risk somewhat. Others don't do much or anything at all to stop the spread, and they are the ones you see out &amp; about. The main indicators of transmission seem to be closeness &amp; time. Lack of airflow &amp; sunshine, high-contact surfaces &amp; temperature seem to be contributing factors. Two examples: An NHL hockey game: very close for a long time, little airflow, no sunshine, cool, handrails and door handles. Picnic in a park: not close to somewhat close for a medium/long time. Decent airflow (wind), lots of sunshine, warm temperature and not too many high-touch surfaces (aside from toilets).
That's the year that bitcoin was launched, and the video is used for bitcoin adoption memes.
This, plus more. Arrange your own financing. Check every fee they are charging, some are mandatory, some are not, some are just a cash grab. Finally, hold strong - no extra warranty, no rust proofing, no upgraded anything you didn't ask for. Be prepared to walk out at any time. PS: Last car I bought was a new Tesla, it was much easier.
Direction &amp; altitude. The V1 engine would run until empty, so that controlled the distance. V1 could stay aloft up to 30 minutes, flying 400 mph, at up to 4000 feet in altitude. https://youtu.be/DBCD7lW7F4o?t=1737
Term life insurance. If you or your SO passes, what would the other want covered? Common items include mortgage, children's education, time off work and funeral expenses. Also, there's nothing stopping you from getting more insurance in the future - e.g. some when you get a mortgage, more when you have a child, etc...
We wipe down high-touch spots on the car after coming home and usually change clothes and/or shower. Also, we don't have to wash the masks as often. Finally, we can worry for a shorter time about catching c19.
The answer is we don't know for sure - aka there's no evidence. In the beginning it was all "just wash your hands, don't touch your face, don't wear masks" then it was realized that c19 can spread through airborne droplets. The mouth and sinus passages are connected.
Order online, zero haggling. If you don't want the price listed, that's that. Put a credit card deposit down. All fees were up front. I did my own financing (from my comment) and was told how much to bring in a check. They made a middling offer on a non-tesla trade in, I wound up not going with them. Delivery was smooth. Never had to haggle, was never up-sold for anything (standard warranty is quite good). The people that work there are not commissioned.
Dealers need to be paid as well. They are a middleman that adds cost to the car. Plus, car salesmen use sales tactics and can be super smarmy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngIS3kJ_PFs
There are no deals. Tesla does not negotiate and does not advertise. The best you can get is a referral code from another owner like me where both buyer &amp; referrer to get some free supercharging. Trade in offer was $1200, similar cars sold for $1000 - $2000. (actually worth about $1500). Bank offered 4% for 5 years. I wound up with a big down payment and using my HELOC for the rest -- paid it off aggressively in much less than 5 years.
Ontario, I got the provincial rebate that the current government has ended. I think there's a federal tax rebate now. Not sure about the financing stuff, I always do it myself. The TCO is great - no gas, no oil changes, tune-ups, etc... I am an owner &amp; can give you a referral. :)
I paid "cash" to Tesla. Bank offered 4% for 5 years. I wound up with a big down payment and using my HELOC for the rest -- paid it off aggressively in much less than 5 years.
The local medical system setup a temporary testing center in a gym in a town near the farms, but there is nothing that goes onto the farms. 750 people came to get tested out of the estimated 8000 temporary workers, and they are not busy enough so its shutting down. I understand the temporary workers possible concerns for not wanting to get tested: No work, no pay. Possible deportation if you are sick. No trust of medical system based on experience in their home country. But it is a problem for health and economic reasons.
And from what I understand, the temporary housing is often a bunkhouse/barracks style where a lot of people sleep in the same large room(s), which is a great way to transmit C19.
"3 for 1" Also 25% cap means you have to drink for 4... amateurs!
Congrats, this hits all the notes. - Automate savings. - Embrace risk if you are young and have a long time horizon. - Increase your income. Also, the first $100K is the hardest, $200k can be a layup. $100k invested at 8% for 9 years will double on its own, because you are adding more &amp; increasing your income it can be even easier.
The dog has no idea that the explosives/drugs/person/whatever are dangerous, important or criminal, it's just a trained game of hide &amp; nose seek for them.
To help with your mental stability, I've hidden drugs or explosives in your home, have fun finding them!
SpaceX has made crazy claims multiple times. - Startup company to deliver cargo to ISS. - Land and reuse a first stage booster. - Private company to build a rocket to launch astronauts to orbit. - Build a fully reusable, full stage combustion flow rocket. - Colonize Mars.
This is the correct response. The brokerage took action based on a document that was sent to them. If the document was wrong (sell everything), then it is a mistake of the person who prepared and signed the document (you and/or the bank?). If the document is correct, then the brokerage is mistaken, and you can have recourse against them.
Article today: "The internet is so bad in this community some people drive to Zoom meetings" https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/nova-scotia/musquodoboit-harbour-internet-covid-19-1.5615508
It's too bad /r/monkFIRE creates a bad mental image. Google those words if you don't know.
Fun facts: In less than 3 hours you can drive through Paris, London, Copenhagen, Vienna, Delhi and Cambridge. [Map](https://www.google.ca/maps/dir/Cambridge,+ON/Paris,+Brant,+ON/London,+ON/Copenhagen,+ON/Vienna,+ON/Delhi,+ON/@43.0175227,-81.0581232,10z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m38!4m37!1m5!1m1!1s0x882b89b820e46c19:0x5037b28c7231d70!2m2!1d-80.3144276!2d43.3616211!1m5!1m1!1s0x882c6db5419fa9b1:0x2dca47be1b7c7df9!2m2!1d-80.3844996!2d43.1940203!1m5!1m1!1s0x882ef20ea88d9b0b:0x28c7d7699a056b95!2m2!1d-81.2452768!2d42.9849233!1m5!1m1!1s0x882e7ab2e63eaafb:0x93de373f5ea5f43f!2m2!1d-80.985488!2d42.676043!1m5!1m1!1s0x882dd7d2fec52951:0x9e298b7eb7eed33e!2m2!1d-80.7944978!2d42.6807027!1m5!1m1!1s0x882c35d7200b7f7f:0xcaef16610fa3008d!2m2!1d-80.4991954!2d42.8526969!3e0)
I wear a rifle on my face and carry a mask.
Unfortunately not. They need catheters and stair lifts and have boomer cash to spend.
We are learning more about the virus all the time, and still have a long way to go. Blood type is now considered a factor along with age, diabetes, hypertension and obesity. AB is more at risk than O. https://www.livescience.com/why-covid-19-coronavirus-deadly-for-some-people.html
All mixed together or separate? I would add basil and/or hot sauce. 5/7 with rice!
I like the idea of people in different walks of life sharing their financial situation. Wish it was executed better. Monthly: Gross Income, Net Income, monthly expenses (housing, constant-ish bills, debt, savings). Then have 2 - 4 weeks of weekly variable expenses - food, entertainment, clothes, variable transport (uber, gas), etc... Then have the experts weigh in on the overall picture, not week by week.
Same in general, but Ontario is the source of most cases in Canada right now. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COVID-19_pandemic_in_Canada#Statistics
An alert pops up in the screen: You appear to be running from the police, would you like to unlock “drive it like you stole it” mode? $2000
It is tough, because your phone just stops working randomly, and people think there's just a technical problem with the phone or the carrier, not that they have been sim-jacked, and most times they'd be right.
That is the nasty backdoor to passwords. Almost every system that uses a password out there has an automated system to reset a forgotten password, often only using SMS/phone/email.
The earth is actually an oblate ellipsoid (squished sphere) the equatorial radius is slightly larger than the polar distance. This model shows that the polar radius is only 99.8% of the equatorial radius. https://www.eoas.ubc.ca/~mjelline/Planetary%20class/14gravity1_2.pdf Measuring actual circumferences is quite hard.
That's what the bread in the background is for.
Florida not taking it serious aside... I believe C19 spreads much faster indoors for a few reasons. Open air and a bit of wind helps dilute droplets, the sun's UV kills viruses pretty quick, and it's easier to be socially distant. If it is too hot or too cold, people will spend more time indoors increasing the chance of transmission.
It is such a great feeling to KNOW that you can blow anyone's doors off the line, but to just click in auto-pilot set to 5 over the speed limit.
Never heard of Payoneer or Wirecard AG until this post. Looks like a huge mess. CEO resigned and was arrested, auditor would not sign off on the 2019 books and cannot find accounts supposed to hold $1 - $2 billion. I would run, not walk away from anything to do with Payoneer or Wirecard AG. Do not allow anyone to pay you via payoneer or Wirecard AG. Better to have an account receivable with a company you work with/for than put cash into that money pit. https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/wirecard-markus-braun-accounting-scandal-1.5623311 https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/wirecard-files-insolvency-083745862.html
Ok (b/z) oomer.
It needs to be something that we get lots of leaders &amp; role models to embrace and encourage. Churches, celebrities, businesses, sports teams, stores, professors, medical experts and the government should all encourage/mandate social distancing, testing and masks.
And there is the Alaska loophole. Americans entering from the 48 can state they are driving up to Alaska and Canada will let them in for transit purposes. Americans have been found hundreds of miles out of they way in tourist spots. Some were fined $1200. https://www.huffingtonpost.ca/entry/americans-alaska-loophole-banff_ca_5ef1ea75c5b6001a27157d1b
Defund Endor!
Laziness, uncertainty and inertia. Most places vest RSUs over 4 years but disperse a tiny portion every 1 or 3 months. If you get $72,000 in RSUs over 4 years, that's only $1500 per month, minus 30-50% in tax withholding. Not exactly life changing money each month.
&gt; Peninsula Fiber network Looks like it from their network map. https://www.pfnllc.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/pfnmap2018.pdf
tl;dr yes, assuming you are within a few hundred miles of a base station (that OP appears to have found). https://www.nextbigfuture.com/2019/04/spacex-ramping-up-to-production-of-starlink-satellites.html
Ontario has the most new cases, so it really should be provincial. Windsor mandated masks before Kingston.
What?
Same here - 180 meters to stop at 95 km/h. And my brakes were also a bit grindy due to covid idleness
3 way?
Raid protects against hard drive failure and provides instant continued access to your data if a hard drive fails. Offsite backup protects against physical threats to data such as fire, flooding, theft and hard drive failure. Restoring from an offsite backup does not provide instant access to your data if it is needed.
She's doing great work anyway you slice it.
/r/fican /r/financialindependence
Straight to the point!
This is so true. But don't post unless you are a medical / research professional, and be wary commenting. I usually limit myself to questions deeper in comment threads.
/r/coronavirus gets popular in the early days and provides good info. It was actually a great subreddit in March. Reddit (corporate) wants to help and promotes /r/coronavirus and a lot of people join. Bad actors (crazies, foreign powers and political zealots) see the promotion and population growth so they try to twist the posts and comments into the narrative they want, spreading disinformation. Reddit mods &amp; admins drop the ban &amp; censor hammer on the subreddit content. A large group of general redditors get swept up and are over-modded to hell, complain and move on to another subreddit or platform.
tl;dr
There are spots in that condo still on Airbnb for ths friday. [First](https://www.airbnb.ca/rooms/38102022?location=Calgary%2C%20AB&amp;adults=1&amp;check_in=2020-07-03&amp;check_out=2020-07-10&amp;source_impression_id=p3_1593397947_Gp9xJ2cdgU2vkWAd&amp;guests=1) [Second](https://www.airbnb.ca/rooms/30123803?location=Calgary%2C%20AB&amp;adults=1&amp;check_in=2020-07-03&amp;check_out=2020-07-10&amp;source_impression_id=p3_1593398100_4oLkjrPCjTGxTMKu&amp;guests=1). Both mention 25th floor rooftop terrace. [The Verve is 25 floors](https://www.evexperience.com/ownership-opportunities)
Not that I agree, but there is an argument to be made. We want to study Mars to see if there is life exists there. If we bring humans and our personal biomes of tardigrades and micro-organisms, then we know there is life on Mars, and chances are quite good some will get out of our habitat. Then the question when we find life is did we bring it? We ear-mark parts of the Earth as nature preserves, what portion of Mars should be set aside for study?
Repost: way two go!
Hose and hoes.
No, it's unmanned ;)
