&gt;He's right though. No he isn't. Yes the vocal majority here prefers Faceit, but threads about issues with Faceit get upvoted all the time. &gt;There are serious issues with faceit. Who denies that? &gt;Faceit gets cickejerked around here way too hard. Where you here during the major?
&gt;CSGO, I think? - The cross hairs. Could be any Source or GldSrc game. In CSGO you can make thousands of different crosshairs. The one in the video would be possible.
&gt; but imperial units are made to be more intuitive for every day use. No they are not. &gt; 1 foot is roughly the length of your foot (which makes it easier to approximate since you have a reference point). 1 yard is roughly the length of your stride. An inch is roughly the width of a man’s thumb. 1m is also pretty much the lenght of your stride. The length of your feet is just 1/3m. A centimeter is also the width of your index finger. I get what you are trying to say, but you are wrong. For someone who uses metric, its just as intuitive. Its not about being intuitive, its about the fact that metric makes your life a million times easier when you want to convert some units.
&gt; Way easier for them to be a 1/86,400 of a day and 1 kg per literbbn of water. I don‘t think you understand for what we need those new definitions. Defining one unit by another one like you are trying to do doesn‘t work at all.
&gt; Give me a third of a meter. Or a sixth. These aren't whole fractions of base 10. So what? Why would you need thirds or sixths of a meter when you can divide it into hundreds and tenths so easily? &gt; Composite numbers are easier to divide in day to day life. .....
&gt;Aber Dominik war erstaunlich ruhig, muss man mal sagen. Würd sagen genau so wie die meisten reagieren würden bei so einem Unfall...
F1 is in free TV here
Meh. Some people are long distance drivers, some are not. I wouldn't have minded that much to be honest.
&gt;just a bunch of nihilistic middle class white kids Neo-nazis are middle class? Nationalism and racism is more appealing to those with lower education and lower social status.
Mongoloid is not an OK term to use for people with Trisomy-21 either. Not trying to be a SJW, but calling racists out and calling them "mongoloids" in the same sentence doesn't make him look very smart.
This is not earth friendly at all lol. Asphalt is one of the most recycled material in the world. You want fucking microplastics in your water?
What? No. Updates usually happen at 00:00 - 03:00 UTC. Thats in more than 8 hours. Only recent exception was the Halloween update that came at ~17:00 UTC.
and up again
-freq 144 never did anything when your windows is on 144hz
1 random please
Bad troll.
I can't even connect to the matching servers lol.
Turks? Budapest is the capital of Hungary. Espresso is traditionally Italian (while Turks had Mokka), but nowdays its really common in all of Europe (or the world?).
&gt; I just think its nonsense to think that a battle royale mode is coming to csgo when nothing is pointing to it. This didn't age well.
I have been GE for 3 years and haven‘t seen a single fishy player in more than half a year lol. Your trust must be fucked. Out of curiosity, do you have some alt accounts? Do you smurf, troll or cheat on your other accounts?
The DPI button on Zowie mice is on the bottom of the mouse lol.
&gt; I don't think I've seen many people ask for BR. For years people have been saying how great a BR game would be with CSGO's movement, gun mechanics and netcode. Especially when PUBG got big people said that a lot on this sub.
Hast du davon eine hoch-aufgelöste Version?
tag please
&gt; Putting your hand on your firearm is basic police procedure during traffic stops. Only in the US though lol. If a cop in my country pulls his gun out during police action he is gonna write a goddamn long report and justification.
No other German or Austrian accent is close to the accent of Styrians (like Schwarzenegger).
Same Steam installation, same Windows installation, same Hardware, maybe even the same IP. Valve stores that data and they can link multiple accounts to one person. To have an idea how much data Valve gathers: they said they store every shot you have ever taken, your position, whete you aimend and your accuracy, just because they can.
&gt;Linked means for example a guy that linked 2 accounts to the same phone number. With the context provided by John McDonald (Valve), you are definitely wrong and he 100% didn't mean accounts that are linked to the same phone number.
&gt;At global i met spinbots every second to third game (1, 1,5 years ago) 1-1.5 years ago that was surely not the case. I didn't see a single spinbot in GE matchmaking from mid 2015 to now. If you talked about 2014 or early 2015 Global Elite Elo, then I'd believe you.
Because it would be easy for cheaters to find out what effects Trust and how to avoid negative effects on it? Isn't that obvious to you? What would legit players gain from seeing their trust factor? Whats the point?
&gt;Also I dont know but yall but I get comp matches a lot faster now than I did before the update Probably because the playerbase increased by 50% over night? https://steamcharts.com/app/730#3m
You think the majority of the increase are new players?
CS was driven by community servers for 15 years. Doesn‘t really matter if Valve run them official servers when the community hosts a shit ton of servers on their own.
&gt; making the game free was a spit in the face for people who paid for this game Ayylmao. When 15$ is a spit in your face... Thats 0.003$ for every hour of playtime for me. If you are really salty about that, you should rethink your life choices.
One of the reasons is that the Source engine is more than a decade old, parts of it even more than 2 decades. Cheat coders got the engine completely figured out by now. Also Fortnite is using intrusive anti-cheats.
&gt; No, it won't take you 2-3k hours to understand the basics. That's laughable. If you look at it from the standpoint of someone playing it competitivly, even on the lowest tiers of semi-professionalism its true. Almost nobody on Global has the basics of teamplay down. Hell the majority of Faceit lvl 10 players don‘t. It really depends on what the basicd are for you. Standing still while shooting, how to counterstrafe, how to jigglepeak, how and when to bait etc are all basics, how to apply the right amount of pressure on the enemies, how to properly trade etc. Some of them you learn in low level matchmaking, some of them you will not find in the highest levels of PUGs.
&gt; It's like more childish (and very uncomfortable) way to say it though. Intersting. „Pimpi“ is the same in German, just that it means penis instead of vagina lol.
I was so confused when I read that thread and everyone was so happy about his apology. It totally sounded like something that was written by a PR agency.
bist oag? Da Kahlenberg is doch kein 2000er
&gt;There's a reason why most people drive their own vehicles when they can. Source? In my city most people who live and work in the city don't bother having a car. Its just a huge amount of money for being slower than public transport.
&gt; Secondly, drones weigh a tiny fraction of a heli - less than .1%. Point 1%. A drone that can follow a WRC car AND carry live video transmission equipment isn't as small as you think it is... You are thinking of tiny drones that can do nice landscape shots, but thats something completely different than a UAV for live broadcast... A UAV that can handle a live broadcast, can go 100mph+ and can fly for more than an hour probably doesn't even exist yet.
I hope Faceit switches back to the official settings of DZ. 240hp is so goddamn retarded...
-Oscar Pistorius
How is that supposed to prevent flipping?
&gt;or go back to CIS for VP. Yeah, I heard the NEMIGA roster is looking for new sponsors.
Facepalm
Scandinavian flick (also pendulum turn) is a method to go fast around a corner with low traction by shifting the weight of the car two times before entering the corner. This story has nothing to do with a scandinavian flick..
run and slowly tap it. A bit like the R8. Its really counterintuitive... I don't get why Valve likes making guns like that. Its so strange and unfitting to CS IMO.
Yeah you can get some handmade Italian leather shoes that will last you 10+ years for that price. Instead you get Gucci wich screams "I want to look rich, but I am not"...
Thats not true. I could easily buy Gucci shoes, but I chose not to because when I buy expensive stuff I want it to be high quality. Gucci really isn‘t a „rich people brand“. Its a brand for (upper) middle class who want to look rich.
Of course you are free to like what you like.
Go into a Gucci shop and look for yourself. These shoes are not gonna last longer than some 50$ Nikes or Rebooks. Do you know those Gucci belts they are selling for 300$+? The bucks are made of some cheap plated metal and the belt is not even solid leather. Its ridiculous, you can get a 10$ belt that uses the same materials. You pay 10$ for the belt and 290$ for the Gucci logo.
More or less yeah. You need traction before initiating the weight shift though. OP didn‘t start a maneuver before he lost traction so it can‘t be a flick.
I believe that too. I don‘t need a full fist on my head when my foreskin is more sensitive anyways. When I have 2-3 fingers stimulating my foreskin, my foreskin will in turn stimulate the glans.
Menschen means humans...
But the map is already close to the maximum units in Source. 48 players in a map of that size is ridiculous.
How is it a waste of time? Just skip to the end and ban them if its obvious.
In the books its clearer that you aren‘t supposed to like Holden. He is the main character but has some serious flaws that often make him unlikeable. And thats not a bad thing!
Dude I even own a car. I just don't use it to travel within the city, because public transport is more comfortable than a car in my city. &gt;I don't need to walk anywhere. lol ok? Whats so bad about walking?
&gt; jetzt schneits wieder also start the movement! Also Autobesitzer, bitte ned.
&gt; I think a lot of other countries have their roads designed in a different way I guess. Not a whole lot different actually. &gt;We don’t have dedicated lanes for entering and exiting a lot of the time Most countries don't have them either. &gt;so a car entering the highway would encounter huge trucks that take up the entire merging area. Yeah thats how it works almost everywhere. I don't really see your problem though, as cars can easily get to a faster speed than a truck on the acceleration lane...
From your own link: &gt;It also forms part of the worldwide family of blue and white pottery, using variations of the plant-based decoration first developed in 14th century **Chinese porcelain**. Also "fine china" is just a term for porcelain ~~in the USA~~.
kz is kreedz (the creator) climbing.
You can, but you don't have to in most maps. Its about climbing and you can do most maps without bhopping.
Apparently not, I just thought so because its a term in *some* English speaking countries.
Of course they pay for exclusive rights. Facebook paid the ESL a shit ton to stream their CS:GO league only on Facebook. It was a huge fail of course because nobody watched on fucking Facebook, but deals like that do happen all the time.
&gt;it heavily lowers the odds. It would make a lot more sense if this was valve made Being a community made map actually raises the odds in my book.
Yeah nobody said he isn't a good IGL? You completely missed the point that Zeus hasn't had good stats in 5 fucking years.
Ex6TenZ and Zeus aren't good English speakers yeah, but Golden did join an NA team late in the year.
If this is blatant to you, you are a fucking retard. He turns around "locks" a few inches next to the enemy and as he moves his crosshair stays on the enemy. Thats a mouse lift that you have to do after turning 180°...
A CS:GO personality committed murder. Not a pro though...
The "Percht" is a satanic creature that is a symbol for everything evil. The "Krampus" chases away the winter and accompany St. Nicholas. They punish or warn children but are viewed as good. (Pagan tradition) Nowadays they are getting mixed up, but they have different meanings.
Finland isn't really Scandinavia mate...
You pay less and get more.
lol I had this match in Overwatch today, 2 times. I convicted the guy in your team and one of your enemies.
His nickname Dzik means boar in English.
TIL there are no militaries in Europe. American education at its best once again 👍🏻
Which do you mean?
10 years coin was added yesterday. Counterstrike was first released in 1999. Steam in 2003. CS:S in 2004. But Steam didn't track hours and so on back then.
&gt;as souvenirs k mate..
Well your trustfactor is low af then so you won‘t play with legit players, so who cares?
I‘ve heard about 143fps + G-sync being the best setting ever. Probably bullshit though.
It‘s not about hard or soft, its about having air pores and I have never seen bread in Europe that has no pores.
&gt;But won't actual new players also have low trust and play with cheaters? Why would they? They'll start with a normal trust. If they have lots of games and playtime on Steam they might even start with a very good trust.
Yeah I said that its bullshit dude.
Laut Titel sind wir #25, bei /u/SuitableEmployment2 #26 und bei mir #28. 3 Ränge innerhalb von 45 Minuten? Somit hat sich die Seite für mich schon selbst entwertet.
Das Schild is viel höher als der Baum. Optische illusion.
&gt;thoughts of real experts wrong sub dude
&gt; It's possible and just a matter of moving resources around. Eh no its not. Not at all. Wolves need insanely large territories, the size of coherent forests they'd need don't exist. And we are not even going into the direction of creating more coherent forest space. &gt;And if they go extinct They have been for a long time. Why would we even invest so much for wolves? They have plenty of space in Eastern Europe and the Baltics. Why change so much for a wolvepopulation that could be eradicated by a single car?
Aber: es macht keinen Sinn Live-Daten zu vergleichen. Es hat keine Aussage auf welchem Platz im Ranking wir zu einem Zeitpunkt sind. Jede Stadt hat eine eigene Tagesganglinie und der Effekt wird extrem verstärkt durch die Zeitverschiebung. Wir sind also zu dem Zeitpunkt wo Asiatische Städte schlafen gehen auf Platz 25? Na und? In Wien heizt auch jeder zur Zeit sein Haus, in der südlichen Hemisphäre sieht das ja wieder ganz anders aus.
Yeah, 2 two 7 wolves are in the border regions of Austrians per year. Thats not extinct for you? We killed all the wolves and now Eastern and Southern European wolves sometimes (not even 10 per year) cross into Austria (for a short time most often), thats extinct for me. &gt;As for why - because deer populations aren't great for the woods either ^ You expect a significant amount of Wolves that will impact the deer population? That is completely ridiculous.
1)The Marshall Mathers LP 2)The Eminem Show 3)The Slim Shady LP 4)Infinite 5)The Marshall Mathers LP 2 6)Kamikaze 7)Encore 8)Recovery 9)Relapse 10)Revival
Central Africa or USA?
Get on a team and learn some teamplay! So many talents in Faceit 2.5-3k elo wasted because they want to be noticed through FPL instead of leagues.
&gt;number plates AFAIK you don't have to blurr number plates because a normal citizen has no way to identify a person through number plates.
&gt;selbst ernannter Bewusstseinsforscher Christoph **Fasching** Name passt auch
Jo ga. Das der net festgfroren is is a Wunder
It's part of a collection of rally themed skins though.
First and foremost, dashcams are not illegal in Germany. Thats bullshit. The use of dashcams is not illegal, but its legally contested if you can use them as evidence. Second: While visual cameras often do have some use on autonomous cars, they mostly work with LiDAR, Ultrasound and RADAR. So even if cameras were illegal, AI cars would still be entirely possible. And even if dashcams were illegal, that doesn't mean that visual cameras in AI cars would be illegal as well. An AI car doesn't share the video feed on the internet, which is the problem with people using dashcams.
Almost 4 years ago a friend of mine accidentally called Squeeky on Cache "Squerky" or something along that... You can guess how we pronounce Squeeky to this day lol.
&gt; With all of those cameras your telling me on board computer is not recording anything? or storing stuff just like any dash cam does for insurance purposes? It's probably not being stored unencrypted on a SD card ready for the owner to upload it to Youtube. And thats all what matters. &gt;AI cars are coming and will be in Germany so this law is not going to hold up. Which law is not going to hold up? There is no law in place that is contradicting with AI cars regarding cameras. And if you think that German privacy laws are "not going to hold up" because of AI cars you are in for a ride...
Why would you aim for the head while noscoping? Just aim at the center of mass...
&gt;just by accounts you log in to on the steam app? Its Steam, they have an extremely high amount of data. They could tie your accounts by phone numbers, credit cards, paypals, Steam installations, HWID's, IP's and probably even more. Most likely Steam installations though.
ok m8
&gt; it would never ever ever happen then right? RiGht!? Yes. Enable sv_showimpacts 1 and test it again. You obviously don‘t understand how the game work, so educate yourself before you whine on Reddit. It doesn‘t matter if its a self hosted server or not. Blue and Red impacts are different. &gt; the awp in ops clip is fucked too the bullet went through the enemy model and hit the wall yet did no damage Its working as intended. Red hit the enemy and landed on the wall behind him. Blue didn‘t hit the enemy. As simple as that. Nothing is broken, you just don‘t understand how bullet calculation works.
Laut Augenzeuge haben die Opfer eine Slawische Sprache gesprochen. Also eine ziemliche Mutmaßung.
&gt; assuming someone that isn't super lefty is American. What the fuck does this have to do with left/right? Ayylmao
That wasn‘t an opinion though? Thats was a fact. You think healthy Americans are not paying money for the health care of fat people?
At least I can drink beer in the public (:
TIL Coldzera isn‘t a starplayer.
I doubt free to play didn‘t change anything man, also its far to early to say that with such certainity. Cheating was much more rampant in high Elo MM in 2015 than it is nowadayd. Also Danger Zone has Prime, just new players like OP don‘t have Prime. I have 40 wins combined in DZ and have yet to see a player who is fishy, but I also have really good Trust.
Its „Hear, hear!“ /r/boneappletea
No it is not. Dust 2 is the most boring way in the active duty pool from a tactical standpoint. All Dust 2 strats are more than 10 years old. The map offers nothing new.
Wos host Du grod von mia gsog du gstunkana klana Saupreiß? Du woast holt schu dass I schu bam Bundeshea ois besta Gfreita aussigaungen bin, I war in am Haufn urgeila Saufnochtl und hob über 300 Stiegl gsoffn, oida. I bin a drainierta Pinzgaua Fohra und da besta a noch dazua. Du bist nix für mi ois a kloana gschissena Viutrottl, I gabat da so a Wotschn wirs di Wölt no net gsegn hog, host me? Du glabst du kummst jetz davon nochdemst dei pappn so deppat aufgrissn host? Do denkst noamol driaba noch, Oarschgfriss. Hiatza grod während du mit mir so deppat umanadaredst hul i schu meine Komarodn vom Blosmusiverein, und dei IP wird grod im moment zruckverfulgt, olso richt di schuamol her, wal wir richtln da di Wadln glei, du blede sau. Wemma daumit fertig san wast a nemma wo obn und untn is. Du bist am oasch. Klana. I kon iwaroll sei, ollawei, und i hau da auf iwa 700 ortn dei gfriss ei, und des netamol mit meiner Steyr AUG. I bin net nur da beste im Zöltfestsaufn, soudern i hob a an Zugriff auf des gaunze Arsenal vom Musiverein Leibnitz! Wenn Du gwusst häst wos dei klana "gscheita" Kommentar dir eibrockt, dann häst wahrscheinlich dei deppate Goschn gholtn. Aba du hosts ned tau, du host dei schiaches Gfriss aufmochn miasn, und jetzt zoist, du Saubua. I scheiss an grant üwa dir aus. Du bist komplett hi, Klana.
&gt; when in fact it's the exact opposite. Factually wrong.
NATO alphabet is: Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta, Echo, Foxtrot etc. Greek alphabet is: Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, Epsilon, Zeta, Eta etc. The wrong one is "Beta", if they replaced it with "Bravo" it would be fine.
It's the NATO alphabet not the Greek one. Beta is wrong, it should be Bravo.
Lindwurm has 4 legs.
Global, same server, not a single fishy player in 2018. Except that one time I queued with someone with really bad Trust and we played against a Silver with Wallhacks (still won). I don‘t think region or rank matters nowadays, your Trust is the deciding factor that makes your matches enjoyable or not.
&gt;Every german I've spoken with has pronounced it that way? Only with a very very thick southern Bavarian or Carinthian dialect. "Dunk-eh" would be close to standard German. https://youtu.be/hgCIJOEXuYs
&gt;You can report people after a game from their profile. AFAIK it does nothing at all.
Unranked 5v5 Fix demos Optimization
Are you sure? Because higher VG is for bigger clouds and higher PG for more flavor. Why would smoke machines use more PG then?
&gt;aggressively pressured Where does this come from now? She said he asked for weeks, not that he aggressively pressured her. As far as I understand he is still her best friend, isn't he?
People irrigate fucking grass? Why? We have plenty of water of best quality here, but nobody waters his fucking lawn. Plants and vegetable of course, but never grass.
I am not even the person you talked to. Rude.
&gt;FWIW, poor people who live in areas where water comes from local wells do have to consider this. When I was growing up in Western Pennsylvania, I remember multiple summers in which we ran so low on water that we had to conserve it for toilet flushing feces only and had to limit bathing. In my country most people in rural ares get their water from small cooperatives with small wells, but you are not allowed to collect from a well that is subject to saisonal changes. Wells that are easily influenced by weather will also be much more prone to contamination and will generally be of lower quality.
&gt;Additionally the list of developed countries is a bit longer than the one you just provided. Thats the official list from the CIA. &gt;we are wealthier than the vast majority of them...that's one very commonly used example. Of course thats all you care about... Some other stats you should take a look at: crime, social security, average life expectancy, population below poverty line, unemployment etc. BIP and PPP are not the non plus ultra when it comes to stats.
&gt;&gt;crime, social security, average life expectancy, population below poverty line, unemployment etc. &gt;these are all partial derivatives of wealth and economic strength... And still those stats draw a pretty different picture than GDP would. &gt;not sure what BIP is...with PPP are you referring to adjusting for Purchasing Power Parity? BIP is GDP and yes. &gt;GDP/capita is the best way to see how productive/well off a country is, which is why it's so widely used across the world on average. I don't think so at all. South Africa had a really good GDP during the apartheid, do you think the country was well off or that the population benefited of the wealthiness? There is a reason why there are numerous new indices invented all the time by economists as alternatives or additions to GDP to be able to measure economic and social progress. GDP is extremely limited and gets a lot of critique by economists of all kind. There are so many research papers out there proving how bad GDP is: https://www.oecd.org/officialdocuments/publicdisplaydocumentpdf/?cote=std/doc(2011)7&amp;doclanguage=en &gt;FYI my training is in economics... And you are arguing for GDP? Really? GDP is very limited for comparison between countries and definitely isn't the great measure of economies you make it out to be.
Right now AMD Ryzen 1500, used to have a i5-4670 though.
Not „lefty“ at all though lol.
Heroin is more harmful than alcohol? Are you fuckinh joking?
&gt; Alcohol is one of the only drugs that can be consumed in small doses without intoxication. No. There are below threshold doses for every single drug in the world. &gt; It has a lower rate of addiction then most drugs. Not at all. Alcohol is one of the most addictive drugs known to men and a direct competitor to opiates. &gt;&gt; Alchol withdraw is one of the few drugs on earth that the withdraw can kill you. &gt;What? Alcohol is so extremely physically addictive that the withtdrawal alone can kill you. This is not the case for any illegal drug except benzos.
&gt; People do overdose from e I assure you. E (MDMA) is not LSD dude. Please explain to me how people overdose LSD and experience physical harm from that. &gt; If alcohol was as bad as cigarettes they would do the same thing A person who doesn‘t understand the concept of potency is here on Reddit arguing against the scientific consensus. I can‘t make that shit up... With every single comment you just expose your ignorance further.
So you didn‘t fully read your link or you didn‘t understand it? It never said that 2 drinks per day are healthy. It says that you should not drink more than 2.0 standard drinks (= one beer) on one day to **reduce** (not eliminate) health risks. It also advices go never drink more than 4.0 standard drinks (= two beers) at any occansion to reduce risk of injury. &gt; The health risks that accumulate over a lifetime from alcohol increase progressively - this means that the more you drink, the greater the risk. &gt;Drinking alcohol can affect your liver or cause brain damage, heart disease, high blood pressure and increases your risk of many cancers. It may also increase your risk of injury through road trauma, violence, falls and accidental death. At least try to comprehend a text before you try to use it as an argument.
Austrian here, older houses and flats usually have upwards of 11 feet ceilings, sometimes close to 15 feet. It really is a whole different feeling than a low ceiling.
&gt; Germany is also not faced with the same crime issues the U.S. is, especially ones involving firearms. Totally. But thats the root of the problem, isn‘t it? &gt; I made that comment because it was being said that the U.S. is a wild west where cops constantly use their guns. Which it is compared to every other developed country on earth.
He also made the point that it could go much much faster, but tire technology doesn't hold up.
I am not an anti-vaxxer at all and I believe this. There is a lot of actual research going into this topic. It‘s not just tin-foil theory.
&gt;Die Schläge dienen offensichtlich dazu, dass er die Körperspannung verliert bzw. aufgibt, damit die Handschellen angelegt werden können. Absoluter Blödsinn. Faustschläge sind keine zugelassene Methode bei der Polizei. Es gibt weitaus effizientere Methoden die keine permanenten gesundheitlichen Schäden nach sich ziehen wie diese gezielten Nierenschläge. Was hier im Video zu sehen ist, ist definitiv nicht erlaubt und wird in der Polizeiausbildung auch betont.
Punches are no legal techniques for the police over here. There are far more efficient and less dangerous techniques available. That cop is going for multiple straight kidney shots to induce permanent damage. Thats so fucking illegal.
There are many good techniques to put cuffs on a person, those techniques are teached to police officers in training. Punches are never allowed in any of these techniques in Austria.
The cops in the video are clearly breaking Austrian law, no idea what the fuck you are going on about. And protesting is allowed lol.
Are you Austrian? There are definitely cops in Nazi circles... it is known...
Far right is "more strict rules enforcement"? Not really.
Cops are not allowed to punch at all. Going for multiple straight kidney shots is assault.
&gt; His resisting arrest. They are punching him so he stops resisting, that is kinda ok. No. Punches are never okay. They are not a legitimate technique for the police in Austria. Never. There are far better, more efficient and less dangerous techniques to arrest someone who is resisting.
It's completely illegal by Austrian law you fucking idiot. The cop is going for multiple straight kidney shots, known to cause permanent damage to the organ.
A cop who gets so provoked by a protester, that he tries to give him permanent kidney damage, shouldn't ever be allowed to wear the uniform again.
It's not bullshit. Thats how it is in Austria. Punches are no legitimate technique to be used by the police.
OP had his son with him.
Are you? Because thats literally the case in Austria. Punches aren't a legitimate technique to arrest someone who is resisting.
Mhm sure...
Nierenschläge tun extrem weh, hinterlassen aber kaum optische äußere Spuren. Nierenquetschungen sind aber sehr ernsthafte Verletzungen die oft operiert werden müssen und auch zum Tod führen können.
Guns are legal in lots of other countries. Europe isn't just the UK. In many European countries you can just buy rifles, in some you can easily get handguns, in some you can own semiautomatic rifles (AR-15 and similar). Here in Austria any 18 year old could walk into a store and come out with a rifle or shotgun. Handguns and AR's are a bit harder to get, but still possible. We don't have school shootings or many murders with legal firearms though.
&gt;it remains that said kid needs a gun for that. Do you think guns don't exist outside of the US? Americans always seem to think that all of Europe is like the UK. When in fact, I could go into a store today and buy a semi automatic AR-15 with no waiting in the middle of Europe.
Yes I can. Thats a fact. Ok, truth be told most AR-15s have to be ordered depending on the configuration and delivery time is often a few months. But AUGs and Cx4s are almost always available.
Austria
And every law abiding citizen has the right to aquire a permit for self defence (: Yeah I was a bit exagerating with the lack of waiting time, you might have to wait a bit to get the permit per mail, but when you have it you can just walk into a store to buy a gun and take it home. Bolt action rifles and shotguns don‘t require any permit at all.
I think its the whole social system to be honest.
&gt;Dann haben wir schon 86 TB Daten pro Tag. Wenn man die Daten dann noch 30 Tage speichert, sind wir schon im Petabyte Bereich. Auf ganz Österreich angewendet, würde allein der Speicheraufwand den von Youtube übertreffen. Hast du dich leicht irgendwo verrechnet? Wie in Gottes Namen sollen Österreichische Polizisten den Speicheraufwand von Youtube übertreffen? Im Jahr 2015 wurden 18000 Videominuten pro Minute auf Youtube geladen. Da würden wir nicht mal rankommen wenn alle Beamten (samt Büromitarbeiter etc.) gleichzeitig aufnehmen würden. Und das Youtube im Petabyte Bereich agieren soll, soll ja wohl ein Witz sein? Aktuelle Schätzungen reden von 10-15 Exabyte. Da hast du dich wohl ums Zehntausendfache vertan?
&gt;Die Schläge sind sicherlich nicht die beste Lösung, aber es ist eine. Die Polizisten dürfen in so einer Situation keine Faustschläge verteilen. Egal wohin. Faustschläge sind nicht zugelassen zum schließen eines Verdächtigen.
/u/userleansbot
Auf Null? Soll das ein Witz sein? Ist halt einfach wenn man so tut als würden Öffis und Elektroautos den CO2 Haushalt nicht beeinflussen lol.
&gt;I think season 2 was a lot more complex than most people are used to The problem is, the complexity didn't add anything to the story or the experience. Memento for example is pretty complex with its timeline fuckery, but it definitely pays off because it makes the storytelling incredibly close to how the protagonist would experience it. In Westworld S2 it was just complex for the sake of complexity.
Well that escalated quickly
Selbst mit -25% beim Billa sind die Sachen beim Hofer oft trotzdem billiger.
No Counterstrike my fucking god. Who didn't have CS back then? It was on literally every single PC in my school.
Most are somewhat political. Ranging from left to very right.
Amazon Lieferanten sind des schlimmste. Vorallem weil die Post bei uns so einen guten Job gemacht hat...
No. The video goes on longer and some other protesters/civilians talk to him and run away with him.
Adderall is just Amphetamine.
Hofer ist ein Mastermind?
Here in Austria everyone has the possibility to chose between Italian/French/Latin. If you want to work with languages, medicine, pharmacy or law you‘ll usually have to take Latin.
Read by Roy Dotrice? His pronounciation of Brienne was the worst lol. „Bry-eeen“
&gt; I also think Irish-style socialization (hanging out in neighborhood bars, etc) As a mainland European: ayyy fucking lmao
&gt;The reverse isn't true. lol
Thats what I am saying.
It's exactly the same in CS:GO though?
Ah thanks. Well CS:GO ratings can't be expressed in a single number like the simple af Faceit Elo. MM rating is actually really good in CS:GO IMO.
A friend of mine called an ambulance, because he was drunk and thought he swallowed a battery. When the ambulance arrived, he found the battery in his pocket, they stayed for 5 min and left again. Didn't charge him anything. They aren't really using that law firmly. As long as you think you need the ambulance, they usually won't charge the 400€.
Might be because he is barred out on sedative drugs lol
It only starts to differ when the Elo differences are extreme though
And as American living in Europe I think that saying is fucking bullshit.
What about the thousands of Dutch and German people traveling to Italy and Croatia by car for example? It might not be true for every European culture, but some really drive a lot for short trips. There is a saying in Austria that you cannot find a used Mercedes C-Class that wasn‘t driven to Turkey and back by a family. Same goes for Balkan people living in Western Europe.
What? You can definitely see the blood on his head long before he goes through the window.
Yeah, also had like twice the pixels.
Das ist Jugendsprech. Oder denkst du etwa der Junge ist Türke, Araber und Russe gleichzeitig?
100% not fencing response. Another form of abnormal posturing though.
That sounds pathological.
Which it is not good at, due to unreliability.
Have you calculated the std or are you just eyeballing? I have tried it with multiple PC's and friends with completely different setups reported the same.
I always run the game on 128 tick. Yeah within 10fps from on to the other, but over the whole series there is often a trend. Restarting the game also fucks it really up. I certainly don't trust it due to the results I get. I also got different results depending on with which setting I started testing.
No thats not the case. There are different reactions to different head traumas. The fencing response is just one of them. This is decorticate posturing.
And I’ve got the anti-copypasta to match this one. I don't know why it is that these things bother me---it just makes me picture a seven year old first discovering things about an animal and, having no context about the subject, ranting about how stupid they are. I get it's a joke, but people take it as an actual, educational joke like it's a man yelling at the sea, and that's just wrong. Furthermore, these things have an actual impact on discussions about conservation efforts---If every time Koalas get brought up, someone posts this copypasta, that means it's seriously shaping public opinion about the animal and their supposed lack of importance. &gt;Speaking of stupidity and food, one of the likely reasons for their primitive brains is the fact that additionally to being poisonous, eucalyptus leaves (the only thing they eat) have almost no nutritional value. They can't afford the extra energy to think, they sleep more than 80% of their fucking lives. Non-ecologists always talk this way, and the problem is you’re looking at this backwards. An entire continent is covered with Eucalyptus trees. They suck the moisture out of the entire surrounding area and use allelopathy to ensure that most of what’s beneath them is just bare red dust. No animal is making use of them——they have virtually no herbivore predator. A niche is empty. Then inevitably, natural selection fills that niche by creating an animal which can eat Eucalyptus leaves. Of course, it takes great sacrifice for it to be able to do so——it certainly can’t expend much energy on costly things. Isn’t it a good thing that a niche is being filled? &gt;Koalas are no exception, when their teeth erode down to nothing, they resolve the situation by starving to death This applies to all herbivores, because the wild is not a grocery store—where meat is just sitting next to celery. Herbivores gradually wear their teeth down—carnivores fracture their teeth, and break their bones in attempting to take down prey. &gt;They have one of the smallest brain to body ratios of any mammal It's pretty typical of herbivores, and is higher than many, many species. According to Ashwell (2008), their encephalisation quotient is 0.5288 +/- 0.051. Higher than comparable marsupials like the wombat (~0.52), some possums (~0.468), cuscus (~0.462) and even some wallabies are &lt;0.5. According to wiki, rabbits are also around 0.4, and they're placental mammals. &gt;additionally - their brains are smooth. A brain is folded to increase the surface area for neurons. Again, this is not unique to koalas. Brain folds (gyri) are not present in rodents, which we consider to be incredibly intelligent for their size. &gt;If you present a koala with leaves plucked from a branch, laid on a flat surface, the koala will not recognise it as food. If you present a human with a random piece of meat, they will not recognise it as food (hopefully). Fresh leaves might be important for koala digestion, especially since their gut flora is clearly important for the digestion of Eucalyptus. It might make sense not to screw with that gut flora by eating decaying leaves. &gt;Because eucalyptus leaves hold such little nutritional value, koalas have to ferment the leaves in their guts for days on end. Unlike their brains, they have the largest hind gut to body ratio of any mammal. That's an extremely weird reason to dislike an animal. But whilst we're talking about their digestion, let's discuss their poop. It's delightful. It smells like a Eucalyptus drop! &gt;Being mammals, koalas raise their joeys on milk (admittedly, one of the lowest milk yields to body ratio... There's a trend here). Marsupial milk is incredibly complex and much more interesting than any placentals. This is because they raise their offspring essentially from an embryo, and the milk needs to adapt to the changing needs of a growing fetus. And yeah, of course the yield is low; at one point they are feeding an animal that is half a gram! &gt;When the young joey needs to transition from rich, nourishing substances like milk, to eucalyptus (a plant that seems to be making it abundantly clear that it doesn't want to be eaten), it finds it does not have the necessary gut flora to digest the leaves. To remedy this, the young joey begins nuzzling its mother's anus until she leaks a little diarrhoea (actually fecal pap, slightly less digested), which he then proceeds to slurp on. This partially digested plant matter gives him just what he needs to start developing his digestive system. Humans probably do this, we just likely do it during childbirth. You know how women often shit during contractions? There is evidence to suggest that this innoculates a baby with her gut flora. A child born via cesarian has significantly different gut flora for the first six months of life than a child born vaginally. &gt;Of course, he may not even have needed to bother nuzzling his mother. She may have been suffering from incontinence. Why? Because koalas are riddled with chlamydia. In some areas the infection rate is 80% or higher. Chlamydia was introduced to their populations by humans. We introduced a novel disease that they have very little immunity to, and is a major contributor to their possible extinction. Do you hate Native Americans because they were killed by smallpox and influenza? &gt;This statistic isn't helped by the fact that one of the few other activities koalas will spend their precious energy on is rape. Despite being seasonal breeders, males seem to either not know or care, and will simply overpower a female regardless of whether she is ovulating. If she fights back, he may drag them both out of the tree, Almost every animal does this. &gt;which brings us full circle back to the brain: Koalas have a higher than average quantity of cerebrospinal fluid in their brains. This is to protect their brains from injury... should they fall from a tree. An animal so thick it has its own little built in special ed helmet. I fucking hate them. Errmmm.. They have protection against falling from a tree, which they spend 99% of their life in? Yeah... That's a stupid adaptation.
2 random pls
Why if I may ask? I am uncut and honestly the foreskin is the best part of my dick IMO.
&gt; (Along with a few other issues like reducing HPV infection and transmission) Those have been debunked. &gt;wouldn’t this make an argument for circumcision as a means of preventing this? Not really. This normally doesn't happen, dude is probably having a mild case of phimosis.
Mine doesn't.
tag
It only happens as a consequence to phimosis or mild phimosis. It happens when the foreskin is just tight enough to retract, but then it will constrict the bloodflow. Its really rare though.
6/7/8 is too young. The foreskin often didn‘t even detach from the skin by that point.
To me uncut dicks look more aesthetic. Erect they look the same, just that uncut guys don‘t have that gnarly scar that cut dicks often have. Also the super rough skin on the head looks really off putting on cut guys. Its certainly not objective though, just what you are used to.
Its neither of those though lol.
Weil Brücken für Hochwasserereignisse bemessen werden. Wenn das Hochwasserereignis signifikant kleiner ist, als das Hochwasserereignis für welches die Brücke bemessen wurde, wird sie nicht gesperrt.
&gt;Man erkennt die klimatisierten Wägen daran, dass außen keine „Rippen“ an den Fenstern sind, die sonst mehr Luft in die Wägen bringen. Klimatisierte Straßenbahnen haben runde Lichter, unklimatisierte eckige.
It didn't try to. So it isn't faking anything. Its a real modern sculpture.
&gt;Ist überhaupt kein Vergleich. Autos sind objektiv schlimmer. Aufgrund der Abgase allein. Was für eine lächerliche Argumentation. Die Abgase? Glaubst du der E-Scooter mit Lithium Batterien die mit Ö Strommix geladen werden, produzieren signifikant weniger Abgase als ein Verbrenner? Wie naiv. &gt; Selbst wenn jeden Tag ein Tretroller in eine Menschenmenge fährt und 2 Leute tötet wären sie nicht so schlimm wie Autos. Nein?! Beim Pkw sterben 0,19 Personen pro 100 Mio. Personenkilometer. Fahrräder, Fußgänger, Mopeds und Motorräder sind um Magnituden tödlicher.
&gt; Das schließt keine Abgastoten mit ein. Abgastote 😂🤦🏻‍♂️ Dann rechne mal mit ein wieviele Kinder in Afrika sterben weil sie für Akkus in Minen nach Kobalt schürfen. &gt; Ja, diese offensichtliche Tatsache akzeptiere ich. Wäre schön, aber die Realität ist anders. Elektroantrieb hat natürlich ein viel höheres Potential als Diesel- und Ottomotoren, aber mit derzeitigem Strommix verringern sich die Abgase nur minimal. Die Produktion ist auch immernoch extrem schädigend für Umwelt und Mensch. &gt; Na da zitiere bitte die Quelle die alle verursachten Todesfälle durch Nutzung belegt. https://www.adac.de/_mmm/pdf/statistik_7_1_unfallrisiko_42782.pdf
Capture rate of Heroin is 23%. Its more likely to never get addicted after trying Heroin.
Der Niederschlag in Österreich hat halt ein extremes West Ost Gefälle. So eine Karte macht halt keinen Sinn.
Not even close.
&gt;Nazis eine größere Szene in der Jugendkultur sind Nazis in Österreich sind IMO anders als in Deutschland. Diese klassischen Skinheads, mit Springerstiefel und Glatzen gibt es fast garnicht und wenn sinds oft linke Skins. Unsere Neo-Nazis sitzen in Burschenschaften, sind bei den Identitären oder einfach normale Bürger. Daher gehören sie auch nicht zum Stadtbild. Es ist bei uns keine Jugendszene sondern eine politische Einstellung. Was ich im ländlichen Bereich oft sehe, ist, dass fast die ganze Dorfjungend bei der JFPÖ ist und regelmäßig an Festen der FPÖ teilnimmt und stark gelockt werden. Das macht die FPÖ viel viel mehr als andere Parteien. Jugendliche kommen also schon sehr früh in die Nähe der Partei. Somit ist das keine "Szene" weil eh fast alle Jugendlichen aus dem Dorf drin sind. Für die ist es völlig normal. Die wollen sich nicht abgrenzen und auffallen wie Neo-Nazis in Deutschland.
&gt;Allein die ganze Kohlekraft in der EU hat einen enormen Einfluss auf die Umwelt und den Klimawandel und sollte sobald wie möglich gestoppt werden. Und woher bekommen wir dann die Energie? Am besten noch alle Kohlekraftwerke schließen und gleichzeitig auf Elektroautos umsteigen, oder?
&gt;Its a highway road in Germany that doesn't have a speed limit Every highway in Austria, Switzerland and Germany is called Autobahn. It just the German word for highway. Parts of the Autobahn in Germany have no speed limit. Highest speed limit on the Austrian Autobahn is 140 (=87mph).
&gt;I bet that a large number of accidents in the US are caused by the very presence of police. Also in Germany and Austria you HAVE to keep to the right lane. Except you are actively overtaking someone. Makes driving on highways much safer. Also driving exams are faaaar harder than in the US. In Austria for the most common way to get a license you have to drive 1000km with your parents before you can even attempt to take the test. Lots of practice and theory. One year after you get your license you do additional safety lessons, with drifting lessons and more.
No, if you know you will have difficulties in a completely different place, why go? I had an opportunity to go outside of my house for work today, and I chose not to participate, because I know that I would have difficulties, because I know myself... I thought this was common sense? 🤷🏻‍♂️
&gt;Why can’t we all just agree that good drip coffee is superior? ayylmao
Irrigating a swamp?
&gt;A lot of people found out that they were Jewish even though they didn't even know! I am Austrian and still have the Ahnenpass (ancestor pass) of my great grandma, on the last pages they explained some Nazi laws. You were a Jew if you had at least 3 "volljüdische" (fully jewish) grandparents. If you had 2 fully Jewish grandparents you were a "Staatsangehöriger Mischling" (half-breed citizen). 1 or none Jewish grandparent and you are a German. There were a few more laws regarding Jewishness, but sadly I only photographed that page. Fun fact: Nazi Germany had compulsory vaccination.
In the version we read in middle school there were definitely some corny passages.
Dude a pretty unabridged version has been published and is being taught in schools. What the fuck are you on about?
The edition where she talks about her sexual desires and her self exploration are available and taught in schools dude. This has nothing to do with child pornography lol.
&gt;Z.B 1915 gabs in Mitteleuropa ebenfalls eine Hitzewelle im Juni. Das is nicht gleich der Weltuntergang. Wir hatten bis April 2019 eine 13 Monatige Hitzewelle, die längste jemals gemessene. Davor gab es die zweit längste Hitzewelle mit zwölf Monaten von September 2014 bis August 2015.
&gt;die NATO hatte ja auch kein Problem den ehemaligen Chef des Stabes der Heeresgruppe B (Rommel, Model (Kriegsverbrecher) und von Kluge) zum Oberbefehlshaber der alliierten Landstreitkräfte in Mitteleuropa zu machen Was meinst du? Rommel, Model und von Kluge sind alle vor 1945 gestorben?
&gt;I'm gonna be that guy, though, and say this is a perfect illustration of everything wrong with the sapper/engi class atm. It makes perfect sense for INS/MIL. Not so for US and RU.
I doubt the pig has been field dressed at that moment. It's not like someone is going to eat the skin of a pig..
Assis are more like white trash. Not really like rednecks.
&gt;I absolutely swore blind that I wouldn't do it to my kids. Why? I think its great and very natural to do so.
There is not one cultural entity for all of Europe. There are a ton of cultures in just one nation of Europe.
&gt;wennst nicht den Mief schlechter Milch im Haus haben willst. Deckel?
&gt;can the rpg pierce the tanks armor? The RPG absolutely can. But not with that warhead. This dude used a anti-infantry ammunition. Depending on how modern that tanks armor is, he'd need a HEAT or Tandem warehead.
Username above me. City is over the top. It's the smallest town in the state.
Ok I am dumb. I thought you said „2 beers to every meal“. Its late here....
&gt; I dont have typical "porn star" orgasms. Those are not real. &gt; Rather, my body thrashes, and I basically look like I'm being possessed by a demon. Pretty normal in my experience. There are lots of women who essentially piss themselves during orgasm and most men still find that hot.
Season 7 was terrible though. People just didn‘t complain because they thought it was rushed so we can get a big payoff in season 8.
Its dumb in most games. Its just that CS is much more unforgiving. When you just killed someone, another enemy will try to trade the kill, so thats the worst time to reload.
&gt;Moto rider had a clear case at zero fault and fucked up the entire claim by stomping on their windshield. This has nothing to do with his claim. Yeah he will have to pay the windshield, but that has no impact on the the driver being at fault.
1 random for the waiting list please. This was too fucking fast lol
1 random please
&gt; it inevitably leads to penis bending Make her lean forward and actually trust forward and back. Up and down might look good in porn but fucking sucks.
Make her lean forward and actually trust forward and back. Her clit will be grinding on your pubic bone, most women love that. She‘ll have more control and its less exhausting.
&gt;How are you suggesting that muscles will grow without any stimulus? The hormones are the stimulus dude... Just read the study before you complain.
Unreal engine dude
&gt;most of their focus seems to have been put towards nailing the half-life feel to the movement and controls. Why are they trying so hard to recreate Source movement in the Unreal engine, when the Source engine is open to the public? They won't ever get the bugs and features that define Source movement right.
Half Life 2 was released in 2004. They could wait a little bit longer and use Source 2 instead of using Unreal now. Unreal will never feel like Half Life.
The storyarc starts going forward when the humans send EVE the drone bot back to earth and she finds a plant that WALL-E found somewhere and took home with him. EVE would have found a plant on Earth sooner or later anyways.
&gt;5ml carbon dioxide Carbon dioxide makes up about 0,04% of the air. Argon 0,93%. So 2mL CO2 and 4,65mL Ar
lol @ 2:10:55 https://youtu.be/09MO5i4uGO0?t=7856
And naive as fuck as well.
No. Chlorine is for disenfection.
*your tap tastes awful
There are rural ares with terrible water. There are big cities with great spring water out of the tap.
A well? A spring is not underground by definition.
It can be different from city to city. Also a funny thing that happens often is when people are so used to their chlorinated water, that they think the water abroad tastes bad.
What the hell are you talking?
&gt; Nobody in their right mind would drink tap water without at least filtering and structuring it. Entirely depends on the location. Tapwater in my city is basically fresh mineral water directly from the spring. Ice cold out of the tap even in summer.
&gt; tapwater is not potable everywhere I don‘t know about the US, but in the EU the laws regarding drinking water are extremely strict. &gt; more than once the city said on certain days "do not drink it". Then there might be no good water source in your region. Sounds like you have to use lakewater. &gt; Also, you clearly did not tasted the water as its source (in my case by accident, swimming) and on the tap. I have tasted lots of watersources. I assume you are talking about lake water. Unless you were diving really deep (40-50m in moderate climate) you didn‘t taste the source. Drinking water is always pumped below the meta-limnion, which is strictly separated from the water of the surface due to density. Also I didn‘t mean that water tastes the same before and after processing. I thought you meant it tastes better in the reservoir. That it tastes different after taking out all the plankton, bacteria, algea and all the other contaminations from lakewater, is true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqN1rHtdgsQ Nothing broke
He is making a joke that Nazis used this method to hunt jews...
Thats universal, not about the English language. Brits just do it more.
„Kamot“ in Austrian German.
-chen is for smaller. -lein is for cuter.
It has nothing to do with biological genders dude.
&gt; OIDA, pass ma uff! what the fuck mate? „Pass ma uff“ really doesn‘t fit with „oida“.
There isn't that much corrosion. And those spaces aren't just "tighter" they are a magnitude too small for running straps through them. Do you think those bearings started out 1mm thick or what?
Zum schwimmen brauchst eigentlich keine Taucherbrille. Solche Spezialbrillen kosten in jedem Sport/Hobby ein Schweinegeld und wenn du meinst du brauchst unbedingt eine Taucherbrille dann nimm Kontaktlinsen, zumindest für den Anfang.
Deswegen ja eine Taucherbrille drüber. Oder eben einfach eine normale optische Brille. Mehr braucht man beim Schwimmen nicht. Aber das musst du selber wissen. Mir wären 100€+ zu happig für das. Ich würd mich auch sehr seltsam vorkommen mit einer Taucherbrille im Hallenbad rumzulaufen...
Ken Block is a joke in Rally though. A few days ago someone posted a picture of Ken Block at a Rally in Ireland. The top comment said "Nice car, let us know when he wrecks it" and 2 days later there was that: https://www.reddit.com/r/rally/comments/c3e3yk/ken_block_off_at_donegal_rally_ireland/
Lots and lots of marketing. He got rich with DC shoes, sold the company and started rallying. He basically bought himself into the sport. He made 18 points in the WRC in all of his career. Top drivers make 200+ per season. He wasn't that unsuccessful in Rally America, but he had no success internationally.
&gt;Any local knowledge of town you could give me to work out where I should look for flats would be greatly appreciated. I've got to say that crowdedness has never been a concern to me in Vienna. Not really a point when looking for a flat.
When you want to learn German, watch it in German with German subtitles. If you are advanced enough. Trying to learn a language with subtitles in your native language is counterproductive.
A check means "done" more than red means "not done".
110k subscribers. I wouldn't say its not attractive.
&gt;And first of all it’s not just aesthetic differences; women literally report more pleasure from interacting with a circumcised penis. Foreskin may make you feel better but it doesn’t feel better for the woman (apparently worse, to hear them tell it). 100% bullshit lol
Maybe read studies before you link them? Main reason was improved hygiene, which is not a factor in first world countries. Saying that a circumcised dick feels better to women defies every logic.
&gt;Yeah I bet not having a slimly bacteria fold inside you is probably pretty satisfying. You do realize that vaginas are also full of bacteria? They are also "slimy bacteria folds" as you say. Women produce smegma as well. And as I said hygiene shouldn't be a concern in the first world. &gt;And it’s ironic because there’s actually a very in depth study that explains why it feels different (and potentially better) for a woman; hint, circumcised men last longer and thrust deeper. So then its not actually the penis that feels better, but the lost sensitivity makes men last longer. Why would circumcised men thrust deeper? And by the way, deeper isn't always better... &gt;But I’ve already linked 2 studies to some weird stranger named Dirty Piss Boner who hadn’t said or done anything except say “no way lol” so I think I’ll let you actually do some work and find out what you’re talking about. You can link studies all you want. Maybe read them before you link them and actually try to understand them lol.
&gt;weil auf willhaben sind ja einige ganz günstig angeboten? Ich wäre misstrauisch bei einer Klimaanlage die während einer extremen Hitzewelle billig verkauft wird... Gehts um ein Splitgerät oder so einen mobilen Kübel mit Schlauch aus dem Fenster? Wenn du eine Gastherme hast, sprich das mit deinem Rauchfangkehrer ab und lass Messungen machen wenn du das Gerät installiert hast. Gab schon einige Todesfälle aufgrund von Klimageräten dieses Jahr.
If you don't believe in evolution, its the chicken.
&gt;I’m worried we messed up his course of development lol Why would that mess with somebodies development lol?
Maybe you need to update yours? I've got a 27" 2k 144hz screen, which doesn't really matter because the video is only 480p... but you can see white fabric between her legs... I have yet to see a woman with a lighter skin on her vulva than the rest of her body. Some have the same color, some darker. But lighter?
no its certainly not
Billy Bob Thornton als Kickls ist grandios. https://youtu.be/--elvc1fuO4 Nur das er einen halben Meter zu groß is, aber mit Kamera- und Perspektiventricks geht das schon (:
Don't tell him too early though. The foreskin is fused with the glans until it naturally detaches itself before puberty. The foreskin should never be forced back.
&gt;"Noone ever helps out around the house, the bins are getting full - guess I'll do it myself" If my girlfriend says this, there is no fucking chance I'll do it then.
&gt;If he's uncircumcised, pulling his foreskin back You shouldn't pull the foreskin back until it starts to naturally detach itself from the glans. Pulling it back to early creates scars which can lead to phimosis...
The age wildly varies. 90% have a detached by 16 years old.
Damn thats a shitty duck. Our ducks look like [this](https://entenfotos.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/laufente-2013-06-17_0151.jpg)
maybe you should come and visit, instead of reading shit online and getting brainwashed? What a delusional view of the world...
😂😂😂
&gt; Here in europe you need an orange tip and something like 40% of the gun to be a bright colour. Where in Europe should that be? I have never even seen a proper BB gun with an orange tip lol.
He is not talking about some car dealers. He is talking about car manufacturers.
Estates have more space than SUVs though... Most SUVs are built on the same frame as the sedans, just lifted and a bigger hatch.
Are saying that you are not getting random boners? Because thats completely normal, especially at your age.
I don‘t think so. In my country (Austria) you are oblidged to help someone when you witness an accident. You go to jail for not helping.
Long before that. It has been a common saying among EMTs and even the Mythbuster did an episode on it.
&gt; Vor ein paar hundert Jahren sind viele Flüsse in Europa ausgetrocknet. Laut Überlieferung konnte man den Rhein trockenen Fußes durchqueren. Sorry aber das ist völlig irrelevant. Das waren früher alles mäandrierende Flüsse. Ein natürlicher Flusslauf ist komplett anders als alles was wir in Österreich haben. Hier die Donau 1790 bevor sie begradigt wurde: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bd/Josephinische_Landesaufnahme_Wien.jpeg/800px-Josephinische_Landesaufnahme_Wien.jpeg Wenn so ein Fluss austrocknet, is das etwas komplett anderes als wenn ein Kanal wie die heutige Donau austrocknen würde. Wenn du mal einen halbwegs natürlichen Fluss in Europa sehen willst, der Tagliamento im Norden Italiens ist der letzte Fluss in Mitteleuropa der über weite Teile unreguliert ist. Und der ist (und war) oft nur Knöcheltief bei einem mittlerem Abfluss von 70m3/s.
Fried brains usually refer to mental health problems. &gt; People who are messed up after LSD already suffered from mental disease previously. Not exclusively. &gt; LSD simply does not cause damage to neurons. Hence, it doesn't cause brain damage. I didn‘t say that it does.
Der ganze Atommüll der Welt auf einem Haufen füllt nichtmal ein Fußballfeld. Und das ist noch ohne recycling. Am Ende ist es vorraussichtlich gleich gefährlich wie ein uranhaltiger Stein der in der Natur vorkommt...
&gt; haben wir. Wir hätten auch noch viel mehr wenn nicht gegen jedes neue KW demonstriert werden würde. Wir haben einen Ausbaugrad von fast 90% der Flussabschnitten. „Viel mehr“ geht nicht, ein Stausee im Stausee funktioniert nicht sinnvoll. Es gibt keinen einzigen natürlichen Fluss in Österreich. Und ja, Wasserkraftwerke sind auch der Tod für heimische Flora und Fauna.
&gt; So at least from what I learned the water is healthy straight from the tap The EU law for drinking water is veeery strict.
Iced coffe = Eiskaffee Kaffee mit Eis = Coffe with ice(cream)
I can‘t remember the last time I was in a modern public building without AC in Europe.
Its expensive to retrofit an old house with AC. Especially when its a brick/stone house and not an American wood+drywall house. Also cities are suffering the most, and upgrading a rented flat with an AC for a few thousand € is a waste of money and you‘d still need a permit of the landlord. And if the house is older than 100 years, you aren‘t allowed to damage the facade in my country.
&gt; I said that every year you have periods of exceptional heat above the average. And those periods used to be 1 or 2 weeks in late July or early August. Not an entire month. We just had 14 months of continous above average temperatures. Longest period ever. You know when the second longest period of that kind was? 2017.
Is your house a solid brick house with 15-20cm of insulation and insulated windows? A house that does everything to trap heat inside?
They are getting somewhat popular right now. But in my city most houses have gas boilers for warm water. Those window units change change the airpressure and the exhaust gasses (carbonmonoxide) might not exit through the chimney. This already caused a few deaths in my city this month. So the safe choices are: expensive split AC or no AC.
Depends. But cold coffee with ice cubes is also called Eiskaffee.
Yeah there is probably no problem when a house is built with/for AC and gas heaters. We are talking about 100+ year old houses with retrofitted gas boilers and ACs here. Thats when ventilation problems can arise.
&gt;Battleye and EAC are better when it comes to detection too Thats like saying a sportsbike is faster than a minivan - well yeah, but the minivan isn‘t meant to be fast, its supposed to transport 5 people with cargo at decent speed. VAC is an ultra non-intrusive AC, and pretty much the best of those in the world. Last time VAC was trying to get more intrusive everyone cried and Valve reverted the changes. So thank all the people of /r/steam and stop talking shit.
Its also just a program that flags suspects for Overwatch. VACnet doesn‘t ban anyone. VAC Server AC Overwatch (VACnet) Are all different things.
&gt; at the very least we get fairly uncut and real looks at the wars we drive ourselves into. You do realize that every single combat footage you see from US soldiers had to get approved before it got posted?
Kommt vollkommen auf die Strecke an. Manche Strecken bin ich mit dem natürlich schneller, manche mit den Öffis. Manchmal bin ich mit dem Auto ein bisschen schneller und suche dann 20 Minuten nach einen Parkplatz und zahl dafür auch noch extra. Also ich überlegs mir immer zwei mal bevor ich das Auto nehme..
A foot has bones. A dick doesn't. The comparison is completely stupid.
So? She doesn't have to ask him and could just go. The US wouldn't do anything against that.
Can‘t find the source right now, but this is quite similar: https://m.imgur.com/aF9CzyZ?r
Also zur Landehauptmann Zeit vom Haider war das in Kärnten schon ein sehr bekanntes „Gerücht“. Vielleicht ist das ja in Wien anders, aber manche Schwulenbars haben einen sehr hohen Anteil an Heteros, und nicht nur Heteros die mit schwulen Freunden dort sind sondern stinknormale Menschen aus allen Schichten. Ich bin auch nicht schwul und hab die Geschichten vom Haider gehört.
Was ist dein Problem mit Glashäusern? Gscheite Glashäuser verschwenden am wenigsten Wasser und brauchen oft keine/kaum Pestizide.
Wieso macht man sich die Mühe auf eine automatisierte Spamnachricht zu antworten? Das Ziel ist es, dass du auf den Link klickst.
&gt; Condoms don’t feel all that different from unprotected sex and it’s definitely not worth the risk. They feel very different. But yeah, not worth the risk most of the time.
&gt;It's called the pelvic floor and the urethral sponge that lines the wall of the vagina AND surrounds the urethra. Nice buzzwords. Do you know what they mean? There is no organ in the female body than can store those amounts of liquid and expel it at pressure other than the bladder. There has never been any doubt on the fact that squirting comes from the urethra. I think you have a misunderstanding there. You are probably talking about "female ejaculation", the release of a thick, whitish fluid. Squirting is the expulsion of a clear abundant fluid from the bladder, which is basically diluted urine.
I don't get why you repeat porn in every fucking sentence. That kind of squirting happens in real life too and has been reported since fucking centuries. Do you believe porn invented that? &gt;Are you purposefully reading what Im saying wrong or are you barely paying attention? I was gonna ask you the same question, because you obviously didn't comprehend stuff I already explained to you long before.
Lots and lots of countries used crowns at some point. Britain, Austria-Hungary, Czechia, Czechoslovakia, Slovakia, Estonia etc.
How long is it? Looks like those things you put in leather shoes, just missing the wood.
https://www.jsm.jsexmed.org/article/S1743-6095(15)33346-4/fulltext You can't find plenty more if you put in a little effort ;) &gt;with tons of people telling you you're an idiot and you're wrong. Tons of people? I see you and another squirting fundamentalist while hundreds of people upvote the comment saying its just piss. You are the one contradicting the public opinion in this thread. The burden of proof is on YOUR side. I don't have to link shit, you have to. &gt;As to my qualifications, I fucking love making a lady squirt. That's my qualifications. I literally do this, regularly, as a hobby, in my free time. Cuz it's fun. Nobody asked. And just making women squirt isn't evidence that you have any clue of the nomenclature and biological mechanisms behind that.
Samsung has everything. You can be born in a Samsung hospital, go to a Samsung school, work in a Samsung company and die in a Samsung home in South Korea.
Trojan Magnum XL aren‘t significantly larger than normal sized condoms. They are 58mm at the base. Same as some condoms that are marketed as normal sized. Standard size is 52-53mm. Some guys need 60-69mm. Magnums aren‘t gonna help them. Condoms for truly large dicks are not FDA approved in the US.
Mountainbikers, racingbikers and people who go on bike tours are not using it for transportation. Are you suggesting they are a smaller percentage of cyclists? Because they aren‘t.
And I told you that it depends on the region lol. If you quantify it for the whole world, of course transportation comes out on top. Thats not the point.
So you are basically a Korean boomer complaining about Korean millennials? noice
&gt;Because he’s on the opposite end of your political spectrum? Both of them are. &gt;Obama made ISIS so the US could have a “bad guy” to hunt forever, the real world is ugly. They have literally been a thing before Obama became president.
How to get your guns confiscated: https://youtu.be/NJmeRcML3VM Police don't give a fuck about the 2A.
You can doubt it all you want. Police are using agent provocateur tactics and it's nothing new. The FBI has a whole program dedicated to that... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agent_provocateur
Thanks
Who is filming?!
How is it a conspiracy when it has been done by police forces all over the world for a long time? We know that the strategy has been used hundreds of years ago and it's still being used today. Those are facts. There have been quite a few videos of people getting out of unmarked police cars and joining the protests/riots in the last few days.
Boy scouts are Pfadfinder.
Didn't Obama also allow open carry in national parks?
Which is exactly the same as Estonia Latvia Lithuania?!?
And every American WWII soldier was antifa lmao
lmao
lmao the irony is completely lost on these dudes
What kind of SFW pictures did you expect in the context of "close up vagina pictures?"
A dead mans switch doesn‘t need to be pressed. It should kill the machine if you let go of the handle or if you are thrown off.
&gt;Carbidschieten, mainly a thing of the rural East and North. Same in Austria. Germany too?!
I got both passports. American looks tacky and cheap. Sorry.
I always forget that the lower is legally relevant in the US. Its so weird. In pretty much the rest of the world the lower is treated like any other piece of metal.
trying to hard
"Land of the free" LMAO
&gt;there is clear evidence of teargas and rubber bullets being used right? No. They used dispersal aerosol and pepper projectiles. Completely different things. /s
&gt;Where’s all the Americans I normally see on Reddit saying they’re the only country with real freedom of speech now? They think everything is fine and protesters don't deserve freedom. They are those kind of people who were ok with Jews being deported in Nazi Germany. &gt;First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a socialist. &gt;Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a trade unionist. &gt;Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a Jew. &gt;Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me.
Und du denkst der Wolf würde das Problem lösen? Ganz Österreich ist Kulturlandschaft, vergiss "natürlichen Fressfeind" in einer unnatürlichen Landschaft.
ISIS isn't a military.
&gt;But the american media might take issue with it, and say they are using banned weapons against terrorist. Americans don't care about bombing civilians in the middle east. Why would they care about gassing real terrorists.
lmao
&gt;I know plenty of people as my peers who dont stand cor anything going on Yeah now. Do you think all the Nazis hated freedom in 1933? It won't take long and the military would act just as unconstitutional as the police. Learn from history. Don't be naive.
So if you were ordered to help the police tomorrow you'd instantly quit your job?
Yeah but unless his house has a very good distribution of weight and the ground is very homogeneous, his house will probably not be level afterwards...
I have a well in my yard and the water table is higher than my basement. My basement is still dry as a bone though. Do they not know how to make dry basements in the US? I guess it's just not necessary in warm climates, because you can run water lines closer to ground level.
&gt; A of people felt that by using this glitch (And it was a glitch, since they were walking on a ledge not intended to be a ledge, a small pixel of wall where 3 intersected) Pixelwalks were legal in this tournament.
&gt;there's a difference between a widely used boost which shows a small part of t the map (LDLC boost) and then a boost which shows the whole map Yeah. One is better than the other one. Both break the exact same rules. &gt; and on some locations works as a one sided wall. Same was true for LDLC boost dude. If all the top teams are abusing bugs in a tournament and you had the strongest one, why not use it? Having the morale high ground doesn't win you prize money. The fault is with the tournament organizer, letting teams abuse exploits was never a good idea. It was just a matter of time until someone finds one that is too strong.
Thats not true. The laws regarding biotic parameters are more strict for water that is going to be bottled.
They identify you as a tourist. Its normal to get tap water in restaurants in most of Europe.
Cows are friendly until they aren‘t. People get killed by cows if they feel their calves are in danger or if dogs are close.
wtf why would you even do that?
Experienced people can pin point the town you grew up in. The differences between local dialects in Austria are enormous.
Both major parties have only brought more gun control.
&gt;"eine Exrawurst kriegen" (to get an extra sausage) Extrawurst is baloney in English (more or less)
&gt;"the a and the o of something" - the most important part of something (stems from greek alphabet) Thats not a German saying, thats the name of god in parts of the bible and used everywhere in the world. In English you typically say "the alpha and omega.
"Sprung in der Marille" - same but Austrian
Dude you are raging because some downvotes. You care a shit ton lmao
&gt;just saying what she is posting nudes makes you a slut? lmao
Yes dropping atomic bombs on civilian cities is mostly ok
I am from Carinthia too lol (mostly Rosental and Klagenfurt). You really never heard "an Sprung in da Marün"?
I think you don't have to post that on this sub lol
I think the texture is also completely different between white and clear juices.
Russian accent means that they grew up in Russia and are not Ukrainians speaking Russian. Ukrainian separatists would speak Russian with an Ukrainian accent. Those are likely some of the Russian soldiers which made "vacations in their free time" in Krimea...
Ok np. Reichsbürger (pretty much German sovereign citizens and conspiracy nuts) fetishize the Kaiserreich, so I got a bit suspicious.
For example: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Social_Mobility_Index Its hardly news...
&gt;Like a Swede in one part of Sweden probably isn’t going to differ much from a Swede from another part of Sweden (my best buddy here is Swedish). But you take someone from LA and that person will struggle to find common ground with someone from rural Appalachia. You can have the exact same thing in European countries. A guy from a 2 million city might not be able to understand the dialect of the guy who lives 200 km away in the alps...
Well there are no Alps in the UK, but yeah, more or less... Austria, Germany, Italy, Switzerland all come to mind
No not really mate.
Literally anyone can host a CS tournament bro
Vastly different in Austria. The person who owns the land also owns the hunting rights and can rent the hunting rights to other people. If the owned land is too small to be its own hunting ground (less than 115 acres) it gets put together with other small areas to a big communal hunting ground which can be rented by a hunting community or club.
Weidmannsheil! Also we need an Austrian flair...
Who cares, it's not like people are driving that fast on that highway anyways.
&gt;digital items with no real market value but a digital value on the steam market. Every court seems to agree that digital items have a real market value outside of the Steam market. &gt;"most countries" do not give a fuck about some video game's match fixes and such a law yet alone a conviction would be almost impossible to enforce. There doesn't need to be a law specifically about match fixing in online games. There are no laws against every single possible type of fraud, it's enough when there is one general law against fraud. Fraud is fraud, doesn't matter if its in an online game or a million dollar boxing match.
Just FYI protesters are usually not the same people who exploit the chaos to commit crimes...
&gt;Gegen Wilderei wird in Österreich doch praktisch nichts unternommen. Aus Schulzeiten kenn ich noch so einige Hobbyjäger.. alles Arschlöcher. Meinst du mit Hobbyjäger Wilderer oder einfach Jäger? Kommt natürlich auf die lokale Jägerschaft an, aber viele Jäger die ich kenne stecken sehr viel Energie in die Aufklärung von Wildereien...
&gt;Most Brits think the rest of the developed world is incredibly envious of our statistically underperforming and underwhelming healthcare system, Whenever non-Europeans talk about the downsides of public healthcare the NHS is mentioned. The NHS is the worlds example of public healthcare gone wrong, how do Brits not notice that?
Well it hit a bit too close to reality lmao
CS skins hold their value though.
&gt;A lot of people simply do not know how to do this properly. Same with using ear plugs, if it is in your ear in any way people assume they are protected. Obviously yes, its easier to correctly use muffs than plugs. But plugs used correctly are more effective than muffs. Disposable plugs are actually really good and very effective when used correctly. It's just not very practical and comfortable. Plugs + active electronic muffs are the safest and most effective course of action.
&gt;Mein Bild des Tiere schießenden kommt in diesem Video ganz gut rüber https://vimeo.com/36893885 Okay, jagen in den USA hat mit der Jagd in Österreich herzlich wenig gemein. Was genau du mit dem Video vermitteln willst, weiß ich nicht... Bist du veganer?
&gt;Diese vorgeführte Attitüde habe ich von großkotzigen urösterreichischen Menschen die in ihrer Freizeit freiwillig jagen gehen genau so kennengelernt. Und welche wäre das? Kommt natürlich immer auf die Gesellschaft an, aber viels was in den USA gang und gebe ist führt bei uns zu einem Ausschluss. &gt;Was tust du essen? Bissl irrelevenat hierfür. Nein gar nicht eigentlich. Viele jagen zur Nahrungsmittelbeschaffung und es kann ja wohl keiner widersprechen, dass Wildfleisch um ein vielfaches tierfreundlicher und gesünder ist. Ich kenne Leute die eigentlich vegan sind und als einzige Ausnahme Wildfleisch konsumieren. Die Jagd zu verurteilen aber Billigfleisch beim Billa kaufen ist mMn ein riesiger Widerspruch.
&gt;Niemand redet über die USA. Auch wenn viele Footage Aufnahmen in Buck Fever wohl von dort stammen. Es geht um eine aus meiner Sicht ziemlich perverse Mischung aus Faszination und kalter Abschlachtmentalität. Du hast ein Video aus den USA geteilt, deswegen reden wir über die USA. Ich poste ja auch kein Video über einen Tiermarkt in China wenn ich mich über den Naschmarkt in Wien beschwere... &gt;Ich glaub kaum dass der oder die JägerIn die einen Luchs schießt danach dieses Tier verspeisen würde. Ein Jäger würde ja auch keinen Luchs schießen wtf. Ein Wilderer und ein Jäger sind zwei grundsätzlich verschiedene Dinge. &gt; um sich bessere Nahrung als Billa Billigfleisch zu leisten. Es geht doch nicht ums leisten. Gesünderes und tierfreundlicheres Fleisch als Wildfleisch gibt es nun mal nicht. &gt;Vergiss mal nicht weshalb wir überhaupt posten, zum Luchswildern in Österreich brauchst wirklich nicht dringend amerikanische Verhältnisse und Nahrungsbeschaffung argumentieren. Du hast mit dem Thema Jagd angefangen. Das hat ja auch nichts mit Luchswilderei zu tun.
Those are custom made. Depending on the engraving and materials you request you can easily spend hundreds of thousands on a Ferlacher custom gun.
&gt;It's easier to get a rifle that can shoot three different calibers than to get three separate equivalent weapons. Drillinge and Vierlinge are not common at all anymore. People who buy these usually buy them as collector items or have them custom made and rarely use them in the field.
Yeah the two millimetres really make a huge difference /s
&gt;Firearms are a big deal in Europe. Europe is not a country dude, we are quite diverse. &gt;You use one outside of a shooting club or hunting grounds, you're in for a manhunt. I have shot plenty on my private ground. As long as my neighbors don't complain about noise and the bullets don't leave my property the cops don't care.
Yeah I know, I didn't want to make it complicated.
&gt;Antifa calls themselves anti fascist, but are simply put, fascist in their approaches. Being against fascism is facist? &gt;I get this is a reddit thread, and reddit loves echo chambers. You sound like the dude who just stepped out of the echo chamber lol.
Everyone who is against fascism is antifa. Antifa isn't an organization or club, it's the philosophy of being against fascism.
&gt;Antifa is a loose connection of groups. Hard to deny that imo. Thats just not true. Stay off Fox News bro. &gt;And just cause I don’t support antifa, doesn’t mean I’m not against fascism Yes it means exactly that. Because if you are against fascism you are antifascist. It's not that hard to grasp, right?
&gt;I’m not a part of antifa, won’t ever be. You still don't get it? You can't be a "part" of antifa or not. If you are a racist person you are a racist. If you are against fascism you are antifascist. &gt;That’s not the same as being against fascism. That’s all. It’s not pedantic to me. It’s a clear separation. lmao. Antifascism is a philosophy in pretty much all of the world, but Americans say its "a different thing than being against fascism". &gt;violent anarchical group It's like talking to a wall with you.
&gt;Antifa is 100% a well organized group with communication, a hierarchy and external funding. Sponsored by jews and Bill Gates? Get the fuck out lol
&gt;a fucking warlord who established himself as the new police Are you getting your info from 4Chan?
They were fighting against fascists. Antifa doesn't mean anything else than "against fascists".
lmao the ü is so wrong there it hurts
&gt;had only one political song They have a lot of very political songs. And they are clearly and openly left.
Completely different cost of living in the US bro
&gt;how can he still move more right then? He can do pretty much whatever he wants. The green party doesn't have the important ministries and they have much less voters than Kurz. He is close to having an absolute majority which would let him rule alone.
Bück dich = bend over Buch dich = book yourself
Thats permanent hearing loss territory, far beyond a bit of tinnitus.
Dude get some help. Your history is weird af.
This was a far-right protest in the UK. Not BLM. The white dude was the "protestor".
I think there is pretty good chance the white dude in a despute with a black man at a far-right protest might actually be a racist.
That wasn‘t a BLM protest lol
Yeah and Northern Italy isn't poorer than Germany, France or the UK.
The best life expectancies in Italy are in the North, thats Alpine climate.
Guns for self defense are basically non-existant in Germany. Even talking about it is forbidden on some gun forums.... Sport shooting clubs have far too much power over their members and you have to be a member if you want guns (except when you are a hunter). The club leaders often abuse their power, because you need their approval if you want more guns. „You don‘t deserve another gun because you have only been a member for 2 years and don‘t do enough 'voluntary' work“ is a thing I have heard... I know a couple of guys who moved to Austria mostly because of German gun laws and club culture. They all tell similar stories. In Austria things aren‘t perfect, but every citizen has the right to own semi automatics and handguns for self defense. Everyone can buy repeating rifles and shotguns, no license needed. We have hunters who are fudds too, but sport shooters and just4fun shooters generally aren‘t.
Passport, Birth certificate, certificate of citizenship etc.
To be a range officer at some indoor ranges in Germany you need a "Powder license" which you can only get with a reloading course additional to a "range officer license", because you'll have to handle unburned powder...
This graphic is only fixed line broadband internet.
He assaulted women https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/h9z4mm/new_video_angle_showing_new_mexico_shooter_being/
&gt;filthy leftists can’t control themselves lmao he was the guy who started assaulting women...
Maybe if he didn't try to instigate shit people wouldn't block him? Dude goes to a protest to instigate violence, who was playing stupid games? Defending such a piece of shit is literally the dumbest thing the gun community could do....
&gt;The protesters defacing public property instigated violence. This is on them Looked pretty peaceful to me until the dude showed up with a gun and pepper spray and started attacking people... You do you. If this is the hill you want to die on, protecting a fucking dude who goes to a protest with pepper spray and a gun looking for a fight...
Not really. The Finnish lawyer probably wanted to do this in a German court, because consumer law in the US is fucked. But he didn't realize that Valve GmbH didn't even exist when Jamppi was banned.
Not really funny though. White flags have nothing to do with surrendering in the middle east.
Thats the exact opposite of supporting riots. They are telling the police not to escalate protests to riots.
die beiden sind doch rechte Schwurbler. Atilla ist halt "einer von den guten".
Weil ihn ein Österreicher programmiert hat. Auf /r/Austria fragt der Bot "Host an Schilling" statt "Support me" https://www.reddit.com/r/Austria/comments/f9i6cb/%C3%B6sterreich_in_einer_nussschale/fis40f8/
Tunnelbau ist halt was komplett irres. Allein das hydrogeologische Modell ist ein 3D Finite-Elemente Modell mit einer Fläche von 900 km². Beim BBT werdens wsl. über 30 Jahre werden... die ersten Machbarkeitsstudien hat man in den 80ern gemacht.
80 is a typical speed limit in Europe. Most people drive 90 all the time where I live.
Why? The safety detent plungers are a bit flimsy and putting the trigger back in is a hassle, but other than that it's pretty easy and straight forward IMO.
Only in German. It‘s an Austrian company.
Lots of threads. I doubt google translate will sufficiently translate Austrian dialect though. Consesus sees to be that ISSC and Troy both often have problems. Phantoms Arms Ghost seems to be better, but probably isn‘t available outside of Austria. If you get the Troy, do not get the generation with the fluted barrel.
&gt;stupid ban on hollow point ammo for self defense, too Wait what? EU directive wants to ban HP for self defense? That certainly didn't pass that law in Austria. How fucking retarded is that? FMJ for self defense is more dangerous for everyone involved except the attacker.
Austria has the right to own guns for self defense too, but it's not as easy to get a carry permit. Still much better than Germany and other countries, where you can't even talk about self defense with a gun lmao
&gt;EU laws already bans HP ammo for self-defense. It's only allowed for hunting and target shooting (who tf uses HP ammo for target shooting lmao). Yeah you need a hunting or sport shooting card to buy HP ammo here too, but there is no restriction to when you can use it. You can get a sport shooting card pretty easily, so thats not really a problem here. But only pistol caliber HP are restricted. With rifle bullets it's the opposite, FMJ 223 and 308 are restricted (again sport shooting card helps) but HP and anything else is free to go for anyone 18+. So retarded.
Ich hab grad in meine Straße geschaut, wenn ich schau wo mein Auto steht, muss das Foto irgendwann diese Woche aufgenommen worden sein.
Spin stabilizes the bullet, not the shape. The shape is for target effect and aerodynamics.
Tscheppaschlucht?
&gt;good thing it was quick they didn’t feel much and were probably just vaporized. vaporized? That explosion didn't do shit against the tank lmao
They aren't even on opposite political sides.
The first part of your comment sounded like you were saying we should just believe the victim. &gt;low amount (0-10%) of false accusations but instead this thinking, that you just applied here, is often used to discredit the actual victims. The part where you said it should be investigated didn't really come through. I think thats where the downvotes are coming from.
&gt;Try, and if that doesn't work release the evidence publicly then. Yes, getting humiliated by the justice system is such a cool thing, everyone should try that once in a while. Victims often spend years in therapy after going through the justice system. Doesn't even need to be sexual abuse, doesn't even need to be female vs male.
Hard to say when we only have roe deer and red deer. White tail is probably closer to roe deer than to true deer species like red deer.
No dude.
&gt;Yeah I am aware that some people lack comprehensive skills. In this case I would say you expressed yourself quite badly. Stating two contradicting statements without review or weighing is just a terrible form of discussion.
&gt; finally something in the alps What do you mean? Basically every ski resort in the alps has built downhill trails by now.
&gt; Das ist das Problem am Dashcamverbot. Es gibt kein Dashcamverbot in Österreich.
&gt;Also, height doesn't mean better at fighting. Having more reach than the opponent is a huge advantage. &gt;I think a notable portion of UFC fighters are "short" just as an example. Yeah and they usually only fight other short dudes, because weight classes are a thing. &gt;I know lots of short Marines who are scary as shit. It's called compensating.
Well if thats possible those are some bad hunting laws. Here in Austria the hunters have to follow a "shootingplan" which has to fulfill certain ecological goals. To create the plan the populations have to be analyzed yearly.
The UK and their ex colonies are. Dunno what went wrong with them.
Nächster Freitag ist der Freitag der nächsten Woche. Der Freitag dieser Woche ist: dieser Freitag, kommender Freitag oder nur Freitag.
American politics are ridiculously polarized. They have two right wing parties, yet they still call the slightly less right party "leftists", "socialists" and "commies". Americans treat politics like ultras treat football.
It has nothing to do with any kind of communism lol. Neither real marxist communism or corrupt communism.
&gt;also i am not sure if this fits as i dont know if plywood is counted as "verpackungsholz" (packaging wood?) Probably not. Verpackungsholz is mostly palettes which is usually not plywood. Plywood is Furniersperrholz or just FU.
Woher willst du das bitte wissen? Das hängt davon ab wie ansteckbar eine Krankheit ist. Es gibt Krankheiten da reichen 20% für Herdenimmunität, gibt welche da brauchst über 70%.
I mean I could see myself buying a Porsche if I was a bit more well off. I already own a luxury watch. But I wouldn't even think about spending 14k on a shotgun unless I was ridiculously rich. Especially if I was the kind of guy who doesn't even clean his guns on his own..
&gt;Auch die ÖVP war zumindest bis 2017 auf einem migrationspolitischen Linkskurs, bis man hier dank Kurz die FPÖ-Linie zum Teil kopierte Dir ist aber klar, dass Kurz ab 2013 Außenminister war?
What a dumb thing to say... correlation isn't causation dude...
The original idea was to make sex and masturbation less enjoyable. Now its just ingrained into American culture.
What do you mean with advantage? It's the most sensitive part of a penis, keeps the glans from drying out and acts as a natural lubricant.
America is considered a flawed democracy, whereas most European represantative democracies are full democracies.
In Europe shooting and Alcohol go hand in hand. In Austrian German liquor is often calling "aiming water". Of course you don't get shitfaced before you shoot, but there is pretty much always a bit of beer involved.
No not at all. Swiss gun culture is completely different than American.
Gun laws have nothing to do with it though. Completely different than American gun culture.
&gt;Cool that you're in your country's Army though 🤙props! You know that military service in Switzerland isn't voluntary, right?
&gt;Many would probably assume we dont have so much „freedom“ Social safety is actually freedom from poverty, you have far far more democracy than the US, you don't get fucked in the ass by your employers etc.
It isn't. You can say pretty much everything except inciting violence and mass murder in most European countries. People who say Europe doesn't have freedom of speech consume weird alt right media and don't understand what the first amendment actually says.
&gt;The difference is they are "allowed" to keep arms. Literally every other nation's population are servants to the crown. Really? Because I have got a copy of our gun law right here and it says that every unblemished citizen above the age of 21 has the right to own semi automatic guns for self defense.
You do realize that the UK isn't all of Europe? I have freedom of speech, the right to bear arms, good healthcare and mandatory 5 weeks of paid vacation.
&gt;usually get a lot of flak for been inaccurate They get a lot of flak for being deliberately dropped on civilians.
I said most European countries. I don't give a shit about the island idiots. I have lost all hope for them.
Your facts don't even touch my argument. Did I say all European countries? No. You being unable to differentiate between the UK and the European continent isn't my fault bro.
I have heard it plenty, especially lately. Even says so on the English and German Wiki
"Blockwart" is literally calling someone a Nazi snoop. I never had the impressions that it's a light insult you'd just throw around. "Blockwart-Mentalität" isn't as bad though.
&gt; disparagement of the flag of Finland can be punished with a fine. Same in the US "Desecration of the flag of the United States; penalties (a)(1) Whoever knowingly mutilates, defaces, physically defiles, burns, maintains on the floor or ground, or tramples upon any flag of the United States shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than one year, or both." &gt;Malicious gossip illegal. Same in about half of the US states. It's defamation and has nothing to do with freedom of speech. Please read and try to understand the first amendment.
I am supposed to fly in the EU in a few days. My Austrian passport just expired and I am a bit afraid of using my US passport in times like these... guess I'll carry both but I'll try first with my expired one...
I mean they started to smash the windows. What else was the cop supposed to do?
Still destroys the suspension...
lmao what? You think he aged 15 years since 2019?
&gt;Yeah this is the one thing I loathe from both sides, is the unnecessary tribalism. This. I think it's even worse due to the two party system in the US. I either keep my political beliefs private or seek opinions of people who think differently than me. But I'll never just hang in an echo chamber in real life.
&gt;Wenn genug Leute abgestimmt haben, poste ich die Resultate. ?
&gt;The majority of gun deaths are suicides. The remaining preponderance is inter-gang related. I am pro-gun. I am not talking about suicides bro. The number of non-suicide, non-gang related mass shootings is orders of magnitude higher than knife attacks in Europe. &gt;This vastly overestimates the danger of gun violence in the us. Whereas 24 attacks on 740 million people are an "insane amount" &gt;insane amount of Islamic terrorism Dude I have no idea what the fuck kind of media you consume, the amount is not "insane". Of course every attack is one too many, but terrorism in Europe has been on the decline for a about 40 years. Start thinking on your own and stop getting brainwashed by some far right nutcases.
I doubt thats true. In Austrian gun law nothing says how you are supposed to carry your gun. It‘s just common knowledge that you should conceal it if you don‘t want the cops called on you. Open carry while hunting is obviously legal as well.
As a result of free market.
&gt; I say this as a Singaporean who has lived in Europe Sure /u/heil_to_trump, sure. &gt;Also, I find this argument really annoying because it was mainly peddled by Bernie supporters saying that he wasn't a radical. Interesting graphic. You do realize that its wrong though? I know for a fact that this isn't correct at all for the country I live in. Can't say for sure for all the others though. &gt;The are solidly in the center left, with leftist factions. The party overall is definitely center right. Yes they have left factions in the party. Saying that the dems are "center left" in comparison to other countries is laughable and you have obviously never lived in Europe.
Yep. The US is becoming a corporatocracy
&gt;someone who makes several million a year amd can just pay it off, let alone if their dad is the one taking care of it. There is no proof of any of this. Thats just what Reddit invented to make the guy more hateable and promote the circlejerk.
wait till you find out what happened in your country 1933-1945... Is it new to you that people believed in race theory and eugenics back then?
Mongoloid was the term for the "mongolian race" back when people believed in race theory. The https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epicanthic_fold is common in Mongoloian people and about 60% of people with down syndrome have it. So down syndrome was called "Mongolian idiocy" because they thought it was connected to the mongolian race. The term "mongolian idiocy" was removed in the 1960s because it was racist towards east Asian people.
Actually it was the medical term for down syndrome but racist towards Mongolians.
Arnie war schon so lang bevor er reich war. Er war schon als jugendlicher in der JÖVP und war Nixon Anhänger bevor er überhaupt Englisch konnte.
&gt;country is rEaL sOcIaLiSm I am not arguing semantics. I am not even talking about whether Austria was real or unreal socialist. It just wasn't socialist at all lol. Doesn't matter at all what Arnie says. As I said, the ruling party was christian conservative, right and neo-liberal. So actually quite close to the GOP. Learn some history ffs. Did you forget Austria's role in the cold war? lmao
Just because he said he grew up in socialism doesn‘t mean its true 😂 Yeah one-man argument except all the other people saying Austria wasn‘t socialist...
I am just saying why it is like it is.
