Arima from Tokyo Ghoul
I have a 30% atk tenshintei with her name on it, nad is also really fast with the last one being a double hit so a chappy build is very viable. As it should be since Rukia loves them so much. Of course this is assuming that i pull her, good thing i already have her tag team version.
[Source] (https://twitter.com/YAGI_333/status/815210962194034688)
Very early on when Ohga was telling An and Kaizaki why him and Rena have the same earring.
Death
I wonder if /u/redditrandomacc will spend $405 on him like he did with Academy Renji....
Link? Because i didn't see one.
It's the beard
350 days
[relevant] (http://i.imgur.com/1kSZ05R.gifv)
wow rude
Ok hun
Ochako would destroy Godzilla, tbh.
And on that note this chain shall end, tbh.
Yeah u right
I have none of them, so imma do 1 multi and then save for the fullbring gacha. Would love Shirayuki, Kisuke seems awesome too and i can't say no to another nad link.
Oh like Onodera, cool.
My 12th blue watch.
Mine is incredibly durable. At worst he's a stall unit, at best he can carry your team. [Example 1] (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/198395505867227138/267748907411308546/Screenshot_2017-01-06-19-55-47.png) [Example 2] (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/198395505867227138/267748944254205952/Screenshot_2017-01-06-19-53-05.png)
I predict that they'll beat Nekoma but ultimately lose to Itachiyama in the semi finals.
I got Kisuke and Haineko in 1 multi... And the one I wanted was Shirayuki. 3 multis in total, guess i'll wait until after the fullbring arc to pull for her again. Didn't have anyone in this gacha so I got 2 new characters and I can't complain about that.
Yes, she trained in hand to hand combat to broaden her scope of heroism. Her fight with Bakugou taught her that she needed to become stronger, stating that if she stays in her comfort zone her options will be much more limited. For the post overall I do agree with the repetition of her being told by several people that she loves and wants to be like Deku. This is all setup for something tragic. However, there is as you a fine line between imitation and inspiration. Deku has inspired many people in his class such as Ida, Mineta and Todoroki. Uraraka sees Deku as someone who can overcome pretty much anything and has put him on a pedestal or rather a goal to achieve. His competency and tenacity is something that she strives towards, by calling it 'severe and pathological' is a reach. As you've tried to link almost everything about her trying to imitate Deku, some of it is but not everything. Such as the hand to hand combat you've highlighted because it genuinely has nothing to do with him. This is her gaining skills to become a more adaptable hero, and as she's demonstrated she's made that style her own. Gravity can only take her so high, relying on it too much will cause her to fall down and not make any progress.
I need my kaguya fix, where is the next chapter. This manga is like crack for me right now.
[](//#no)
Spending almost 7000 orbs and not getting [Rukia](/tech). Oh wait, that was /u/redditrandomacc not me.
The students have become the masters
I'll be getting those orbs in a couple days.
Congrats, on her birthday no less!
750 orbs in the brave selection gacha for Shirayuki and i got Kisuke and Haineko, oh well they're new characters after all. Plus I got Toshiro from the free 5* ticket, which means I now have everyone from that fierce fight gacha and i never even pulled on it.
All Might. No contest.
Looks like he found another manga to complain about, he usually uses these threads to shit on black clover.
You got 'attacked' because you act like an asshole, just saying.
same tbh
[There was a post 2 months ago confirming that they'll implement spoiler tags.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/BleachBraveSouls/comments/5cymb7/spoiler_poll_should_they_be_allowed_on_the_sub/) The mods haven't gotten around to it yet, they probably forgot. I doubt it takes 2 months to add spoiler tags lol.
I've seen and responded with my thoughts on it.
Same, and I already have her lol
[lol] (https://ctrlv.cz/shots/2017/01/22/gVln.png)
That's right, but it doesn't undercut what she did. She hated the survival of the fittest life she had, and above all else wanted it to be defeated. She did what she did to survive, and once she reached the end of her life she fought back in the most detrimental way she could think of.
No, that was racc. I got TT Rukia in my 2nd and final multi when she was released on global.
I have great items for past yoru so i look forward to using her, a really fun unit.
I just wanna look away, the show is brutal. It chews characters up and spits them out, I don't know what to expect from it's final season. A part of me doesn't want to find out.
Bruh, frx actively engages with the community whether it be on discord or reddit and you're accusing him of being a bot? He posts tomo chan fast because he is efficient, the same thing you're claiming you are lmao. He even talks about just waiting on the site for it to be uploaded so he can pounce on it. You did nothing but post links on reddit and one time you posted a relife chapter which is usually reserved for the scanlator, essentially an unwritten rule and yet you decided to post it yourself, you'd have to be pretty unfamiliar with the community to not know about that. [You were even called out in the thread for having no comment karma.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/manga/comments/4e8qdk/discrelife_chapter_125/?ref=search_posts) You didn't even deny it in the comments, and you're having a go at frx over his lack of denial? Pot, meet kettle.
Dat Momo [](//#datass)
[Time for the fucking theme.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVI5Ik2IkkU) [](//#andre)
Nope, just regular teleportation. He can switch positions with an object thanks to an ability he required after he received his rinnegan.
Naruto was kinda left immobile since he got impaled.
Because Boruto is the only guy who could have and has managed to land a ninjutsu hit on Momoshiki when it would usually get absorbed. Sasuke had a hunch and it paid off, Borutos anomalous rasengan turned the tide of the fight to their side. Boruto played a pivotal part in this battle.
Nice, they all look pretty cool.
Yes because one controversial opinion devalues the work he has done.
Speaking of Ray, this is the first we've seen him truly petrified. It was unnerving, even at his most scared the dude is always calm and collected but he panicked this chapter. It evokes the presence Mama has even more so, a reaction is much more powerful when it's a rare occurrence.
Yeah, it's basic karma
The irony of that statement, sheesh.
Barry is old news boy.
Calm before the storm
Wtf I love city now
Eh it cant be helped, regardless the blu ray versions will certainly be worth waiting for.
I've been really appreciating Rena more and more as this series has went on, her desire to set up Kaizaki and Hishiro along with the fact that she personally thinks she owes them for where she is now has really put a spotlight on her development. NOW MAKE THE OTP HAPPEN DAMMIT!
[Source] (http://andythelemon.tumblr.com/post/161448595710/i-get-cavities-every-time-uraraka-smiles)
Shit man, this is honestly keeping me at the edge of my seat
Hung parliament was the best case scenario, fuck yes
FINISH HER
Fucking Scots, they ruined Scotland.
Bloody hell, fucking aussies.
We don't even sound like that you absolute pillock
Speaking of which, the cunt just about kept her seat
Uraraka has been kicking ass this season, I hope we get more focus on her training with Gunhead.
Attack on titan is a late night anime iirc, so it makes sense.
Micheal B Jordan in particular looks fucking slick
Gotta be Deidara
&gt;Ephebophilia is the primary or exclusive adult sexual interest in mid-to-late adolescents, generally ages 15 to 19 Because there's something definitely wrong with being attracted to an 18 year old right, moralfags lmao. She's not even real for a start, yet you keep acting like she is so i'll just keep calling you delusional then.
Deliciously sweet, I agree :D
Damn fucking right.
I'd say we could be looking at a showdown between Mutsuki and Touka but that's pretty unlikely considering that the latter is pregnant.
I do appreciate media that breaks the 4th wall, and this manga does it quite tastefully
My nigga sun eater could use a senzu bean, he's earned it. All these matchups are *really* setting up a battle between Deku and Overhaul with Mirio plus maybe even Nighteye joining him.
Kirishima got busted up like he was made of something weak. Like paper mache, or Raditz.
http://i.imgur.com/3UskkhL.gifv
But I like the attention.
Dude come on, can you please keep the sexually suggestive stuff at the appropriate subreddit.
Same.
[Source] (https://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&amp;illust_id=57534615)
Happy birthday ~~you fucking traitor!~~
Seriously, this guy is fucking awesome and Kaguya is getting flustered about the dumbest thing which yeah is very adorable but it looks so trivial to what the Prez has to deal with. He's the one who deserves to win this battle of theirs, dude has earned it.
Shame it's not available in the uk, £55 is too much for season 1.
Best written character in the show, with a beautiful arc that ended tragically. It was gut-wrenching watching Naruto cope with his death.
Hey, wasn't that your reaction when my Unohana destroyed your pvp team? :&gt;
She's essentially the Dragonite of this game, you wanna beat her? Well you best be packing another Unohana. She is her only counter.
&gt;Shit, it's not working! &gt;It was probably working. I fucking love the narrator.
Why would I, when I have Unohana :D
Ahhh irony.
*Cries in Infinity war*
Rizu is pretty adorable, I'm more of an Asumi guy myself
..... Okay, what in the Ribena fuck.
I only have one god and that's; Allah sama ^Allah ^sama ^^Allah ^^sama ^^^Allah ^^^sama ^^^^Allah ^^^^sama
/u/Joseph_Stalin_ , Pin this plea- ah who am I kidding he doesn't do any work around here. /u/jhoudiey, might wanna pin this fam.
:{
Now do one for the users!
No Xaxz sighting this year, going pretty well :)
I would like to see something like that in canon, especially with the rest of the class spying on them :)
It's a terrible day for rain :'(
Fucking sounds like we're gonna get cucked after reading; &gt;Seriously, he lies as much as he breaths. But it's always such gentle lies... :(
I want him to get one purely for his NIF to drop in value.
I sure do love Hinata, but I think i'll be keeping my current flair for now &gt;.&gt;
lol get rekt
Got Annichigo yesterday lul, ny ichi was new too. 160 orbs, not bad.
Damn right, tastes delicious
It's a shame we didn't get Egypt in our group, really wanted them.
Guess i'll settle for that
&gt;Salty af God damn, I just love Camie. Shits lit, fam.
A smile fitting for both dreams and nightmares
Oh wow, that's hilariously sadistic.
Packed Alaba and Totw Matheus in the prime gold players pack, got Dembele in the jumbo gold pack as well. Awesome, this was the cheapest MM for me yet, I even had a player from that random turkish side.
He was until Heskey murked him in training.
He's not obligated to give him the penalty, Cavani didn't even ask because he most likely didn't care. To be abused for that is stupid. Him giving it to Cavani would be considerate, but the people crucifying him over him taking his assigned role and calling him a cunt is way overboard.
I really want to see more Nana in this series :(
Traitor, saying something like "at long last, he finally makes his move" means this has been in the pipeworks for a while. Which fits him being a traitor, rather than a stalker outta nowhere.
He didn't even want it, why is Neymar a dickhead for taking his assigned role. Because you don't like him? Talk about making a mountain outta a molehill. This subs hate on Neymar is ridicolous when it comes to incidents like this. Neymar did nothing wrong and even if he should have gave it Cavani. Not giving it to him doesn't make him a dickhead. Edit: The hate Neymar continues to get over this incident on this sub is just plain petty and sad. But apparently he's the baby.
I would also be upset if I was treated that way after having a great game. Neymar clearly cares about this as well, doesn't make him a baby.
That's not relevant here though is it? Give him shtick where he deserves it such as how he went about leaving Barca, not taking a penalty that he was designated to take.
How is that relevant when he's taking a penalty? That he's designated to take? So because you see him as childish, arrogant and petty he therefore deserves shit for this? That's just sad man. Give him flack where it should be given shouldn't be a controversial opinion.
Pahahaha, God damn it.
What are you talking about? It's a fucking masterpiece!
&gt; HIMAWARI IS UGLY AF PURGE THE NON-BELIEVER!
Cotton candy tbh. Light, sweet and a bundle of wholesomeness.
Cute. Cuter. Cutest.
Okay, gonna stop f5'ing for a bit.
[Glorious Dekuraka] (https://i.imgur.com/sK4D63h.jpg)
As Gang Orca said, he needs; #EXTRA GUIDANCE!
To the top you go!
Keep those eyes focused on the *other sub*
You're tearing me apart Onoya!
A part of this sub feels this way, I remember that Athletic game where he got battered for doing a rainbow flick and some people were giving Neymar shit for it. So stupid.
&gt; he missed a world cup because a player was fed up with him and kneed him in the back. How is that his fault? It's not his fault that player couldn't keep his emotions in check, did you give him shtick for getting fouled after he did a rainbow flick as well? Neymars playstyle pissing off his opponents is on them, not him. And when they foul him all the time, he feels he's inclined to be a dick right back.
Oh my... Oh my... GOODNESS
IF Koulibaly was a lot more and crashed down to 55k, I reckon Naldo will hit that amount as well
Perfectly balanced. As all things should be.
[Sums up my reaction] (https://i.imgur.com/nRrMS58.png)
tag that as not safe for life fam
Hah, exactement!
Hey, that's pretty good
Dread it, run from it.... Destiny still arrives.
Nomu kills Deku
Absolutely haram.
/r/TheTempleOfOchako plug, great work op.
Ah shit, bone spurs. Sorry lads, I'm out. Not my fault I have a foot thing.
I know everyone is gonna be gushing over All Might and rightfully so, but Best Jeanist went out like a fucking champ against AFO. Saved those heroes in a millisecond and still had enough strength to attack him.
It's the codename Hayasaka gave her in a chapter and it sorta stuck.
Removed. Rule 1, like come on dude.
Knew you wouldn't (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
Wakanda forever
Serbia scare me a little honestly, especially with Milinkovic-Savic in their line-up. But yeah, their tournament record is abysmal if they even qualify at all.
I'm tired Robbinho
Been there
Fred was great up until that wc though, whole team shat the bed aside from Neymar tbh. Fred had braces against Spain and Italy in the confeds for instance and was the best striker in Brazil for a number of years.
Thanks, I voted for Geth.
Yamaguchi to whip in some jump floater crosses tbh
Ooofu, oh my GOODNESS
Good work
Neymar is lacking in strength, I wince every time he gets a rough tackle.
&gt;grotesquely attacking Endeavor in the face leading him to have a third of his face ripped at and (possibly) losing an eye. Shoto: YES! THAT'S HOW IT FEELS!
He's already dead!
Fuck, that is brutal. Although, the only thing I remember of Marin at Chelsea was his tweet of Hazard watching Naruto.
&lt;Bokutachi wa Benkyou ga Dekinai&gt;
What a waste, he's had like half a season.
It's not a cult, it's the one true calling!
More than twice the population of Iceland
Funimation [announced] (https://twitter.com/FUNimation/status/1010257355769106433) that the dub will no longer air on the same day and it's safe to say that they ended on a high. So essentially, it's the perfect time to post this video so many of us can appreciate the fantastic work voice actors have done, they've have put in a shift and a half. For those who want to see the recording before this, [here you go.] (https://streamable.com/0bka3) Enjoy!
[Flash sbc....] (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/452551127968251914/460903303132217354/jUYg.png) I don't even know how to react.
[Afraid not] (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/333022149952536577/460929103529508884/Screenshot_2018-06-25-22-25-47.png)
Sailor Uravity
All of those are political to an extent, so none of them would be okay unfortunately.
It took going out at the copa america at the group stage *and* a shit start for wc qualification for us to get our shit together. Tite came in and reinvigorated the team. It was miraculous honestly. The first 2 years after this are gonna be shit, was for Brazil and was the case for Spain.
At least they made it to the semis before choking [](//#re_fufu)
Didn't say it was topped did I? lol
Same goes for Germany lol
Mexico game is gonna be fun.
Pretty sure you guys embarrassed yourselves as much as you possibly could have crashing out this early. And if you guys continue to perform badly, you wouldn't forget about it so easily. Look at Spain for instance. They still haven't recovered from 2014.
Fair enough but my main point is the deflection. Apparently we can't make fun of Germany because of our embarrassing loss.
We scored an own goal in our first game and had some suspect decisions favour us, Neymar carried us hard.
Couldn't stop laughing when I saw Bowser
"Oh my.... GOODNESS"
[HEALTHY.] (https://i.imgur.com/LUkzGxN.png)
Exactly. The fact that this gets debated is pretty dumb, apparently some people don't know what sexual assault is.
The irony here is hilarious.
Same, 20m? No way, ironically the worst manager at the wc has the most job security.
Your comments are so far the most consistent part of this game
Just scored against Middlesbrough as well.
Absolutely, the amount of creativity and off the ball movement in attack completely blindsides opponents. As well as the pressure to cause defensive errors, Villa are a force to be reckoned with. Their defense has been leaky recently to put it mildly so the clean sheet is a surprise. 3-0 away wins against Derby and now Middlesbrough. The fuck fam.
"Stunner, absolute stunner!"
Dier giveth and Dier taketh away
Yeah but this more than makes up for it
&gt;Rei-chan, Ishigami hit me right on the head! &gt;Yep. Remember this pain well. Destroyed.
PLUS ULTRA
Thats what she said
I'm not sure what's bigger... The vote difference between Bakugou and Deku, or the boner that /u/HokageEzio has over these results.
[My nigga](https://i.imgur.com/gS10tEd.jpg)
Good God, it's a masterpiece
**This whole bloodline is tainted**
No mate
https://i.imgur.com/2utdDYI.jpg
np mate
No 18 year old has made me harder than Gibbs-White. I love him.
He's usually a central midfielder, but he's great going forward. Saiss replaced Neves, while Gibbs-White had a more advanced role.
That's a damn solid option at right back
Ayy brummies represent!
I think I speak for everyone for when I say.... *Dayuuuum*
ngl spending orbs on this for that thong alone, klab know what we want
Clearly someone didn't get the star wars reference
Stop I can only get so erect
Hi Mime!
Meanwhile Melilla are panicking at the disco
Dread it, run from it...
In terms of breast size, I agree. 106 centimeters...
Walking pair of emo tits
Disagree, I would say Tsunade has the best. Also Konan doesn't have much of a personality. She was emo most of the time, and this is coming from someone who likes her.
Your first mistake was taking this post seriously. Op's logic eats itself when he claimed Konan has a personality.
*Nice* [] (#datass)
Hah, cheeky. Gotta love that attitude.
Couldn't have put it better myself, plus ultra :)
Except the part that he hated her, fucking hell... Which could have been done on purpose to piss off Armin and make his earlier point. Good lord, what an asshole.
I don't think I've ever been so simultaneously depressed and impressed in my life.
That's the problem, he's lost his humanity. The war has beaten him, not the other way around.
There was an idea...
Man I needed that moment after reading Attack on Titan, cured my temporary depression.
To feel so desperately that you're right... Yet to fail all the same...
Evacuate the city. Engage all defenses...
Huh, wow I don't even remember that. That was at least 10 months ago, geez.
Pahahaha, this is the best one yet. "Talk about the muller investigation" lmaooo
Scoops huh? I want pictures of Spider-Man!
We have no idea why he's dead set on going to Stanford do we? It makes no sense, but at the same we buy it because he's that smart. Why would he leave the country, without the woman of his dreams? He fell in love with kaguya and his primary goal was to be with her. There's so much more yet to unwrap here. Dude is playing his last card.
&gt; Existing subscribers get extra 3 months free Ballin'
dw, everyone does
cracking finish tbf
R
Cancelo got an assist + clean sheet against Inter. Alisson was excellent when called upon in the Bournemouth game too. Both of them have otw cards as well.
Meanwhile I'm just cruising on the Senpai Speedboat. Fumino is gonna win though.
Jam me, Miruko.
*I hope you're satisfied!*
You know he had to do it to 'em
Best part of that free kick is that we're gonna stay 10th 😎
Holy. Mother. Forking. Shirt. Balls.
Usually the lower quality versions look a little more messy than the higher quality ones. Has been the case for the past volumes. Particularly with the text over the eye.
Nah mate, Bebe
Struggling to find the fucks to give for this one
Toga has become Akane... Sounds like a wet nightmare.
Yep
*Puts hands on hips* Oh Eren!
Jota's on fire, your defense is terrified
[He fucking did it] (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/452551127968251914/519999647486574595/wolves_480x480.png)
That was pretty good
How cute, Alexa play Zen Zen Zense
Croissant, I've come to bargain!
&gt;Today, I will tell the President that I love him! All I have to do is confess, right?! Nigga we made it.
Best mom? Sorry but Fujiwara wasn't in this chapter
That is him indeed, he kept commenting 'deku kun deku kun deku kun' on all Ochako based posts to the point where everyone did it ironically and it annoyed the shit outta him.
Yeah, sure dude. We all saw that in the thread for this chapters leaks. Backpedaling gets you nowhere.
https://i.imgur.com/12rPajB.gif
Inoo
One Manchester club loses at home against a side just above the relegation zone, while the other swiftly dominates and wins 5-1 away. Typical weekend this season.
That's tall for a winger, Salah is like 5'9 for instance
There's the bottling that I know from villa
https://i.imgur.com/kYSG728.png
Literally argued with Cavani over 1 pen lmao, plus they've been content since.
It was written wrong once on his shirt, he had a great game that match and kept it ever since.
Most superstitions are
Best girl of one series to another.
I hope Floch gets turned into a titan somehow.
Makes up for no ab-shot, that's for sure.
Nope. Last chapter we got [this] (https://mangadex.org/data/607cbd7541a4775d15efee2d5c88a744/s10.png)
A great timed finesse
Bnha will never surpass Naruto. Naruto was able to go toe to toe with One Piece back in its prime and even then it couldn't beat it in sales. No jump manga will ever be as close to One Piece as Naruto was. In Japan that is, overall Naruto is more popular. Oda even considers Naruto to be the only manga that has beaten One Piece worldwide.
Chills never stop flowing when he drops those weights, and when he opens the gates.
Forget the season, I can't imagine being an Evertonian in Liverpool this year. You'll be reminded if they win the league bloody everywhere.
They're baaaaack
Fits right in with this sub then
She's simply just elaborated on her motivation more. Nothing out of the ordinary.
This is just tragic
He was referring to the current side with that yeah, but he was talking about the club as a whole when talking about Tottenham.
This is more mad when you realise that Neymar hasn't played since the group stages
Another attacker I'd assume, Werner would be a perfect buy for them. They'd also require depth for both full back positions too, Clyne and Moreno should be moved on. Liverpool are genuinely close to a complete squad.
Marcelo will at least see out his contract. People here have a short term memory, he's been one of their best players in the last 5 years and had been incredibly instrumental. One mediocre season where he's been overshadowed by Reguilon doesn't change that. He's even on like 100k a week, could easily has twice that but doesn't care. Bleeds Madrid and I'm sure will prove it again next season.
He isn't finished, he had a mediocre season. Played well at the start and slowly became worse and worse until he was dropped. Had a bit of a bright spark when Zidane returned but that was it. Ronaldo and Zidane leaving obviously affected his mentality, and he mentioned that in an interview. He's been the worlds best left back for the last 5 seasons prior to this one and will prove it again next season. Of course he was excluded from the Brazil squad though considering his form, they are stacked there. Though it is dumb how telles didn't get the call. He's one of Zidanes fave players for a reason. At the very least, he will see out his contract.
https://i.imgur.com/yA3ZfxJ.jpg
Pretty much yeah
I'm thinking among those lines a little. This could be a test essentially.
No way anyone signs Bale honestly. I know United have a reputation for this kind of crap but they signed Sanchez because he was a huge talking point at the time. If they were gonna sign Bale, they would have done so last year. His star power has dropped considerably this season. They might wanna sign James though, but I feel like he'll move to Napoli to reunite with Ancelotti.
Pretty much. Ed doesn't understand football, but he cares about signing players that will generate a lot of revenue. Sanchez certainly was that. James might be the same, and Bale(who i'm mentioning because some still seem convinced they'd signed him) certainly isn't.
^^^I-don't-get-it
It's not 2022 though, plenty of time for younger players to prove themselves. Plus you need a mixture of youth and experience. Which is what the 11 playing right now have with veterans like Thiago and Dani, and less experienced players like Neres and Jesus. I have no doubt that players like Militao will be starting in 3 years.
Honestly even having a semi competent transfer window might get you a ucl spot thanks to Arsenals lack of a budget and Chelsea having a transfer ban.
3-0 already, Sweden ripped apart. Oh and Morata had no idea he was taking that until Ramos handed him the ball, very nice gesture there.
Don't bet silly, bet savvy.
Unless he wants to go. I'd be really surprised if he didn't want the move, he'll be their starting right back. Despite their current period, they are the biggest club in England.
£40m is more than enough for him tbh, he's had one great season. Walker was bought for £54m.
Pretty sure they'd prefer that over what mangadex is doing. Using their work to go legit like Fakku did is even shittier in their eyes.
Eager to see the sales, this series deserves to sell a lot
Makes complete sense, Neymar is the cover boy so of course he'll get the most juiced up card.
I'd like you if that were the case.
They come out every sunday, so 2 days.
Burial ground in this chain huh. And no reader really cares about sniping too, no matter how malicious it can be considered. Nobody can claim they own a series they scanlate. It's piracy.
Don't forget about our bacha Ishigami, he's growing his own harem.
What a fucking counter, it's coming home
3 lionesses on a shirt.
Hahaha I was just praising Madrid in this window and they come out with this? Idiotic, surprised a team like United or PSG aren't in for him.
I'm referring to the fact that they're selling him to Atletico.
This kid is FUCKING electric
He wants that starting spot, been on fire since coming on
https://i.imgur.com/yA3ZfxJ.jpg
That dude already lost the plot and quit reddit apparently
Deku: It was like I was made for this
Emphasis on the fucking.
Meanwhile i'm digging that FujiSaka.
The fucking bm ahahaha
I think he does, but if she has romantic motives then it is kinda shitty since she knows he likes Tsubame.
That doesn't mean it isn't disingenuous though.
Like talking to a brick wall jfc, many here are assuming that she is pursuing him including yourself. Great logic dude. I said very clearly that IF she's motivated by romance it is a shitty thing to do, because that is obvious. Lots of people had a problem with Ice manipulating Prez.
It is love, it directly parallels back to kaguya and prez too. Ishigami fell for her because she was considerate and put others before herself which was why kaguya fell in love with prez. There is a reason why kaguya and ishigami became brothers in arms during that arc.
Ishigami of all people wouldn't think less of her if he knew said flaws tho.
That's not manipulation. They're clearly fighting each other mutually. And both of them have felt guilty for deceiving each other, most recently it was ice kaguya.
Its clear for the audience that kaguya and prez liked each from the start, same cannot be said about ishigami and iino, not yet at least. Aka legit baits us with this shit and people take it every time. It wouldn't surprise me if he ends up with Tsubame.
Shit like this doesn't happen over 1 night though, that's rushing development. Look at how long it took Ishigami to realize his feelings and having the courage to confess. Iino has also been shown to be very naive about this sort of stuff. She gets flustered every time someone compliments her. Don't try to 'no u' me when aka has clearly established a set progression to romantic development in his series.
Audience is relevant, we should have an understanding of these characters. You are making less and less sense dude.
It's set up for her to lose as well though, looks like Eatsuki really is endgame after all.
Reminder that there's a 41 page theory for her: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1o8JbWk5SalcNZqAPXQdIfwfG7G3pgzQS/view
That kid is gonna feel so shitty if he finds out he's indirectly helped Garou take down multiple heroes.
He'll probs try to protect him and then the heroes will tell him that he's the hero hunter. Which will make him guilty af.
Fucking crazy foul from Hamza smh
I was surprised he was given a yellow at first, came in flying.
Ffs Wan Bissaka, -£20m
I don't know how to tell you this but the FIFA Women's World Cup *is* a FIFA World Cup. Same sport, same competition, different gender.
Peak banter
It's the most intimate experience between 2 people, feelings come with the territory.
Huge fucking tits mate.
This might sound a little crude but.... #I got a boner.
The pass from Stanway was exquisite under that pressure.
Fucking bottled lol, 3-0 leads are dangerous
Argentina: If I'm going out, I'm taking you with me
Napoli have made so much progress with him as the owner but they'll never win the Scudetto as long as he is. Too much of a cunt and a stingy bastard. He'll never get them over the finishing line at this rate.
Then Madrid can wait until next year to sign Eriksen for free, Levy isn't that stupid. And Lyon have a pretty good relationship with Madrid so I don't expect them to ask for more than £80m.
He might do if Levy is being really difficult in the negotiation process.
Keepers seem to turn to shit when playing for Argentina tbf, as every other position.
Hahaha, we're fucked bruv
I honestly can't wait for that reaction.
I present to you, the promised land: https://mangadex.org/chapter/642235/1 (NSFW)
We're about to have a prime minister who wasn't born in this country(only happened once before), in this political climate. That in of itself is pretty strange to me. Regardless though, we're fucked.
That's what she said.
Oh my fucking god, [it's the ign meme.](https://i.imgur.com/7Nl9gEL.png) This manga is incredible.
https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/reaction-guys-gaijin-4koma
It's almost like i'm watching an episode of Haikyuu.
Odd they didn't help Brazil in their last game then
[Elyse when she sees my comment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TS2_som6ykQ&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=17)
So stupid that players like Neymar and Hazard aren't in this.
lol don't even start bruv, you know i'm a wolves fan. That semi final made me wanna throw up.
Paolo Guerrero is no joke bruv
He's like the 9th highest earner in the world. Was never making close to that at Chelsea.
*Bruh*
*Hawwwwww*-HAAAA!
He was jealous when he eavesdropped on them one time, it was adorable though.
It doesn't. Some people care way too much about how high a series is upvoted and given platinum/gold/silver on this website.
Yeah, he really fucked up with that point. Sounds like a JB shill.
Deja vu, I've seen this fixture before
Hey that's me
All jokes aside, it's a shame it never worked out for him because of his health.
Looks like somebody wants to be a Gary Neville.
I just want you to split me asunder.
Like if you're at a bar and say "Hey, split me wide open..."
Oh so it seems yeah. I thought he became first choice after winter break, I just looked it up and saw that he was born in February though. So he would have been 16 regardless.
Calculated from White, what a dummy. She even fooled herself.
Tell him to take a shower then
Smart, timed that very well.
Fucking lol, through everyone
I'm surprised Suarez didn't jump on the pitch and appeal
Heartfelt moment for Kyogai, thought it was great sendoff for a character I didn't care much for. Zenitsu protecting Nezuko was great to see as well, you've earned those headpats my dude.
It's a shame they didn't get a chance to converse more, I really enjoyed Kyogai's final moments.
Faultless pen by Yotun, fucking hell
Absolute shambles bruv
Vallejo straight up looking possessed in that pic
More to do with fatigue honestly, especially with Raul. Playing City and Liverpool in a span of 43 hours will do that I guess. Fortunately, thanks to you and spurs dropping points, it isn't that bad.
I was referring to the whole team, regardless, Raul has registered a lot of minutes this season. Hence why he started on the bench against them.
Because he was that winded, the minutes he's given this season is a little absurd. Played most of our games and got some caps for Mexico.
This is just porn. *nods approvingly*
The fandom doesn't forget, its simply done better in other anime. Jiraiya is an example of a pervert who is an exceptional character. Because there's a lot more than his perversion, which is like 90% of Mineta's character.
Incredible counter, as per
That is fucking mental
Don't let this stacked volleyball match distract you from the fact that Kanoka got fucking cucked LMAO. What was the point of her character? That's just so cruel. Mad props to Tanaka though, he's my 2nd fave character and I'm dead proud of him. With that being said, they got married in 5 years after we last saw them when the 3rd years graduated? They weren't even dating then but in that time frame, they got together, fell in love and got married? I'm south asian and even I find that a little far fetched hahahaha.
So in the 5 years after the 3rd years graduated, Tanaka and Kiyoko hooked up, fell in love, got engaged &amp; and got married?!?! I'm south asian and that's a little bit to fast for me. Rest in peace Kanoka, you never had a chance and Furudate was cruel to even create you.
Kanoka shippers on suicide watch.
In hindsight, Kanoka knew she lost when she realized that Tanaka said that his heart belonged to someone else. She said it to her friend and that was a massive hint that it was going nowhere. Imagine if her cousin didn't greet her, she could be married to Tanaka instead. And yes, i'm mentioning this to purposely throw more salt into the wounds of the shippers.
Tanaka honestly stopped being as annoying when they made it to nationals tbh. I think meeting Kanoka made him more emotionally mature too, so I guess that was her purpose LOL.
We played them both in the FA cup last season.
lmfao, this is poor from Leeds
Don't kink shame.
Fortunately for Madrid, they have a no Raiola player policy
Didn't sign him though, did they. Likely won't either, their midfield is class.
It's a shame we don't have them, despite how useless they were for most people. I managed to get a dupe Rukia in a [single.](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/333022149952536577/431215165074178069/Screenshot_2018-04-04-21-33-57.png) And now she's 4/5.
Eh? What a tease.
Not to mention a Madrid derby final in Saudi Arabia, that's like winning the Premier League in China...
Yeah, but then my asia trophy banter doesn't work.
Madrid are much better run these days, and have been praised for their respect by various clubs.
Get yourself a senpai who is as proud of you as Nishinoya was for Hinata. Completely respected his hustle, I love that about him.
It's good, I prefer their last one though. Very high bar with that being said.
Ah, that clears it up. Thanks.
Good idea, should email him about taking back Vallejo too. Shame that he's been poor.
/u/FANTASY210 sweating rn. Have the Madrid flair ready, mate.
Very poor performance, the run of games has gotten to this team and then some. We need signings.
Regardless of who barca hires, I'm pretty sure we can all agree that their board is completely fucking inept.
Charles Murphy is the source, dude has a great track record.
*Mmm, Kevin*
It is pretty fucking hilarious tbf
Your last point is the most damning, nobody likes doing business with Barca these days. Many clubs won't trust them, even if there is an improvement over the current board.
Then why did you say, just the other day, that there was a 0% chance of Xavi taking the job?
Good news is, it's not gonna get worse.
Just because it happens all the time doesn't mean it's not gonna get criticised. I wouldn't use your club as an example either considering that your board isn't exactly ideal as well. How we treat him is honestly a moot point in regards to this, we're not his employer.
And that defence has had some poor discipline already this season.
He was sacked in May after failing to win the league.
Shota power
I love that Haruka gave Taichi props, audience surrogate right there.
God damn, dude. This is amazing.
Hopefully the kick up the backside we need to get some signings, maybe the loss is a blessing in disguise considering that this was our 38th game of the season. We have a thin enough squad as it is. As much as I like the FA cup, we should prioritise the league and Europa first. Regardless, disappointing performance again.
It's really wholesome to see all the players lowkey admire Hinata and that he's known as the "Karasuno's Number 10". One of those coaches even expressed the desire to mould him into a wing spiker. He's pretty much treated as a talented player who deserves to be there by everyone except Washijo. But all Hinata perceives is the ridicule he's gotten and is reacting to that. Still hasn't lost that hardworking nature.
Ugh, fuck sake
Hahaha, you're just mad because he scored this goal when you said this about [him earlier.](https://i.imgur.com/PKW8U0T.png) Might as well delete your comment again, mate.
First win since our last 3-2 comeback, 3 weeks ago. Resilience. Seriously though, sign some fucking players.
Dark shadow laughing along with everyone else while Tokoyami remained stoic is a mood.
We need more "Gordan Ramsey" Bakugo.
God damn, Hinata got to his serve and managed to score? Incredible, deserves to be in the big leagues with a play right off the bat like that. But more importantly, where the FUCK is Nishinoya?!
Ah fuck
You know what that means? Training sessions with her and Deku!
Seriously though, what is this game
*Narrator: It wasn't.*
Idk man, this goal was a meme in of itself
Not without Kane
Thanks United, not a bad matchday to face Liverpool now
Right up there with Spurs' audi cup
If only Jota set him up near the end, but that's football. Also, what the fuck is this thread? Absolute banter merchants out here tonight.
These are the stats that I refresh /new for
Didn't realise they didn't face any shots at the Pizjuan, that's actually crazy.
Yes, because that's what I said. Imagine getting that from what I wrote. I get it, dude, you don't like Tsubame. It's like the umpteenth reply I've gotten from you.
Fuck sake, have to root for Man city in a final again. Respect to Villa though, they earned this.
Hakan of all players to have a fantastic game And Ibra just scored LOL
She's quite great tbh, her only role has been on a school based drama in the uk called Ackley Bridge. As par for the course, its a melodramatic show but the Pakistani elements are really well handled. She plays a character who is really stuck up and spoiled, I think [this short clip gets that vibe across.](https://youtu.be/A0jTXLikmRY)
Liverpool good, Everton and Man United bad. Upvotes to the left.
Damn, looked like a training match for Madrid. Great form going into the derby.
Incredible how Oda has been working on One Piece since he was in his early 20's. Same age as Kishi too, really missed their bromance.
Tbf i spend more of my time on the soccer sub, so i can understand. My anime discussion has shifted to discord, mostly.
Odd that we got this done so fast when we are loaning him back immediately, must've been now or never with the interest he gathered. Very good purchase regardless.
He's still gonna show up for future Taskmaster videos, right?
This is awesome to see. It's about time for a rematch.
Yeah, and many think that Ishigami is gonna get angry enough to completely de-associate himself with Tsubame, something that is unfathomable. There are many reasons for this. Firstly, the main reason I see is people popularizing the fact that Tsubame is gonna tell Ootomo the truth, which quite frankly, she deserves to know. I'm sorry, but Ishigami is an idiot if he feels betrayed by this. Ootomo is a victim, and keeping her in the dark is lying to her, and at that point, you are being selfish. Ogino was cheating on her, had a sextape of her, which consensual or not, she's still a minor. Not only this, but as we saw at the end of the sports festival, she's been trying to get in touch with him. Now, Ogino has ignored her, but what if he didn't? A woman going back to toxic relationships because they're ignorant as to the levels of abuse happens more often than you'd think. This is something that needs to be quashed in its entirety. Nevertheless, I've seen comment after comment of people thinking that this is a terrible avenue and even some who thought that Tsubame was gonna go public with the information. Secondly, the student council practically begged people to read that file, this is seriously important. It was on display, for everyone in the world to see, and since anyone can walk into the council room because the door is always unlocked, anyone could have read the file. Osaragi did just that, and thought it was best that Tsubame read it. She also didn't want any bad blood in the council, as they all thought that info should be public aside from Ishigami. Kaguya even stated that she would have leaked it if Osaragi hadn't, and if there's one thing that Ishigami has shown in his character arc, it's that he trusts her judgement wholeheartedly. Thirdly, the matter of Ishigami losing interest in Tsubame and turning towards Iino, as many have stated, is laughable at best. I've seen the very same people state that Ishigami was gonna do the same when he rejected Tsubame's consolation sex, or more recently, when they thought the date had gone badly. This turned out to be false, and yet here we are again, thinking that his love for her is more frail than it is. What's ironic about this is that the very same people who think Ishigami's wish to keep the matter secret is justified and that should be respected, are those who think that Ishigami is wrong when it comes to his feelings with Tsubame. He is simply mistaken, his love is just a crush, built on putting someone on a pedestal. A pedestal that no longer exists as they've gotten much closer. Now this is contradictory, because you can't just pick and choose on something like this. That support should be unconditional, surely. Ishigami is not interested in Iino at all right now, so him doing a 180 so fast is frankly really unrealistic and just out of character. Ishigami has worked his ass off to get where he is, it's short-sighted to assume that he will stop after another hurdle when he's overcome so many. If push comes to shove and Ishigami reacts harshly, Kaguya will set him straight, as she's done time and time again. That's the reason why I love the Ishigami x Tsubame ship, because Kaguya and Ishigami are essentially siblings, it's such a sweet and wholesome relationship.
Considering how Madrid have managed transfers like this in the past, they seem more than happy to meet a club's demand like this one. Especially considering how young Camavinga is, it's a win/win, albeit a temporary one for Rennais.
I can't enough of this shit
&gt;Relax Let's Do It! That song is actually an inspiration for one of the soundtracks that they used in this episode, you can hear it for [yourself.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3_2entulkw)
Don't see how Deku wins here without an asspull right now. Time will tell though.
Yeah, it's probably the thing I respect most from this fanart. That's some world building right there.
I appreciate that they did this, because I've been looking to invest more time in this area since watching When they see us.
Bad boner, down boy!
I've watched enough mother/daughter jav to know where this is going.
Mama said knock me up.
Yeah, her opinion is surprisingly positive in a sea of negativity. She's a good person.
Nope, goal given
Luiz fucking hell
Because Juve usually drag shit out and manage a win anyway, domestically at least
jfc, what was ederson thinking there.
If the Ishigami x Tsubame ship could speak; ***WOOOOOOOO! Wassup with it, motherfucker! Hahahahahahahaaaaa... Wassup baby?*** 😗😗😗 ***Did ya miss me? You punk ass Iino stans can't hold me down. You can sit back and try to put your god damn foot on my motherfucking throat all you want to. But as I've proved [time](https://guya.moe/media/manga/Kaguya-Wants-To-Be-Confessed-To/chapters/0127_94ojkd0w/3/06.png) &amp; [time](https://guya.moe/media/manga/Kaguya-Wants-To-Be-Confessed-To/chapters/0155_p0na0jtc/3/12.png) &amp; [time](https://guya.moe/media/manga/Kaguya-Wants-To-Be-Confessed-To/chapters/0156_0bhjrl4c/3/13.png?v2) &amp; [time](https://guya.moe/media/manga/Kaguya-Wants-To-Be-Confessed-To/chapters/0176_b41zpoa2/3/18.png?v3) &amp; [time](https://guya.moe/media/manga/Kaguya-Wants-To-Be-Confessed-To/chapters/0189_h1eiduhi/3/01.png) a-fucking-gain, I will RISE from the fucking ashes. Motherfucker, I've been shot 7 times motherfucker, and I'm STILL breathing... GET FUCKED!***
It's like he got called to the principal's office.
You're not being patronizing, personally, I don't really care what anyone ships, or at least not anymore. I've said that I'd be fine with Iino winning because at the end of the day, aka is a pretty good writer. My issue is when people make points that are illogical and are essentially just attacking something that they don't personally like whilst also making it seem like an unbiased opinion. Especially when said person has been about very open about disliking Osaragi for instance. Because at the end of the day, none of these characters are evil, or want bad things to happen.
Except I make it clear that I am biased when I am though, also I wouldn't call myself THE Ishibame shipper of the server. But let's say that I am, especially with the edp reference I posted in this thread. I wouldn't deny that I am biased, but I also wouldn't think the worst of Iino when she does genuinely shitty things. I do like seeing her suffer, but that's because I find it genuinely entertaining over shipping Ishigami with Tsubame. The reason why I ship it is because I absolutely love what Ishigami and Kaguya's relationship has evolved into, they're essentially siblings. And that's here to stay, so I wouldn't lose value in this manga if the ship didn't dock.
What a fucking goal. with his 1st touch as well. So happy for this guy.
We want 4
YOU BEAUTY
I will be very surprised if they finish below 7th.
Newcastle are not an easy team to play against though, they can be, but they've gotten points off some pretty good teams. We couldn't beat them this season, they've drawn against City at home and won against Chelsea and Man United.
It's still a knee jerk reaction to count them out, they should have had a goal against villa. I'm more than happy that they've dropped points in these games, but to count them out because of it is reactionary.
Pretty much, we just need to get at least 1 more point than them from now until the end of the season.
That DCL chance would have been disgusting if it had gone, and the 2nd chance hit the post. Very unlucky for Everton there. Horrid game aside from that.
It's hilarious that anyone here would think that Wolves would accept this offer(or even be happy with it), firstly we'd be taking a net loss on Jimenez, which even in this market is stupid. Factor in that we would be taking Juve's rejects. We are much more likely to wait for his contract to end in 3 years than accept this tripe tbh.
We don't need either of the players they're offering, we could do with another cb but we're not gonna take a player who can't get any minutes at all. At least Vallejo did very well for Spain and he didn't work out. We most certainly don't need another winger, regardless as to their value, it's meaningless since we have to keep them for half a season at least before we can flog them off. We gain very little, and we're in no position to be bullied to lower our price.
He wouldn't be getting interest from Europe's biggest suitors if he was average, you want the man, pay the asking price. If not, fuck off. It's fairly simple. And yes, we are in a position to be arrogant. Hypothetically, if City's ucl ban is still in effect, we are touching distance from a spot in said ucl. Hell yeah we're arrogant. We have every right to be.
Eh, it's much different. Osaragi values Ishigami and Tsubame finding each other over her friend. It's insensitive, yeah, but it's also understandable. Shirogane and Kaguya are in a romantic relationship, honesty should be absolute. They've had plenty already.
Unfortunately the anime doesn't replicate it, but with thighs like those who needs animation.
Thiago Silva is genuinely one of my fave players ever, it would be a fucking dream for him to play for us. I don't think we'll pay the wages he wants though, he will most certainly get a better deal from Everton. However, if he values the competitiveness of the league more, we are in for a shout. He's a fantastic player, even at his age, and could walk into most lineups.
Really hope he ends his career with you guys no matter where he ends up. O Monstro finishing his career at the club that helped him when he needed it the most. Fitting end to his chapter.
Of course they'd back him, they should. However a statement such as this makes it really obvious that Luiz is not valued for his defending first and foremost. Which should be the first fucking hurdle. It seems they value his dressing room presence and his passing more than the thing he *should* be good at.
I photoshopped [this segment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ7oPjvYZck&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=170) from Mock The Week.
Friendly fire in a team deathmatch, smh
Bro i literally mentioned that in the next sentence
No surprise there.
That fake dump, Kageyama is such a clever piece of shit. I love him, what a character. Oozes charisma and confidence.
Editor: Bakugou keeps beating Deku in the polls, what are you gonna do? Horikoshi: I can fix that.
Probably because we have higher standards when we're reading a better manga.
It is kinda funny that this happened to him right after he complained about the refs though.
Man, if he scored that, then Barca would have as much losses in the league as us this late in the season. Never thought I'd see that.
Krul should have been going for that when it was in the air, we see him hesitate too
Take this to pens
Holy fuck, that assist from Benzema was delectable
"No look. Back-heel. Nutmeg. Assist."
Lower placed teams in la liga really know how to punch up.
That sounds really plausible tbh
I love Vidal's reaction when he fouled him, "Didn't touch him, what you on about?"
[Lahoz in the var room](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd9BP2PkVMQ)
