FML. We are 0-2 against them this year and I won't be able to stand going 0-3.
Oldest here was 62. Wife was a fucking fertile Myrtle and had 7 children 7 years in a row. Then only 1 at like 35. Around 50 I thought "thank God, no more kids" then at 61 she's pregnant.
I detest Trump, he's not wrong.
I would think "Don't be lazy" would mean finding alternative sources. Last I heard Paypal decided to walk and now the government is finding alternatives which, is far better imo. If you've never dealt with PayPal, you're fortunate. Google Wallet is far superior and I'd say petition ways to get bitcoins.
Wish granted!
Not in FFXI unless you got hella good ACC gear and eating fish for more ACC. Back before it went off the rails and raised the cap over 75 finding a merit party with DRK was hard.
I thank God on a regular basis that I didn't have the internet at 12. I was an annoying little shit without needing an audience for my annoying ways.
This is how I describe Jon Hamm. Funny, great actor, a fucking gorgeous specimen (and I'm a straight dude saying this), and a rumored massive cock. Also, heard that he's a pretty nice guy and not too up on himself despite having EVERY reason to be. The man is fucking gorgeous.
Apparently being able to scramble is something that barely relates to the QB position.
Wentz?! Goff!? Carr!? What the fuck. We have dog shit WR's and that is pretty much the issue we have. And they hate that if you mention "but with the 2015 season he's good". We had fucking NO ONE to throw to in 2015 and we cam very close to winning the fucking Super Bowl. We have no one now and we nearly won the division, again. We won it 3 years in a row when it's never been done before. We've made the playoffs 4 out of the last 5 years. Can Stafford say that? Ryan? Cousins? Wentz? Goff? Brees can't even say that and he's one of the 3 on here that's actually better than Cam. The fact is, people will say Cam is average because they look at stats only and think that's all that matters. "He can't throw the ball well". Which is horse shit. Also, to discount his running is stupid. That's like saying CMC isn't a good RB because he has the ability to catch the ball too so they use that a lot. Shit arguments all around. If people are going to attack Cam at least do it in the areas he can be attacked. Saying he's mediocre and making a shitty list that has him below 14 other peoples is insincere and shows a severe lack of knowledge of football.
Oh wow, it didn't say all that on the wiki. Thanks for the information.
Try H1z1. Very nice game. And yes, I became a whore.
You're getting downvoted but it was literally the first thing I said after I read it.
"The Coin Flip... by Blaze Pizza"
100% Kamara.
Can I move into your work place?
My Wife and I joke that if we cheat we have to make sure they're hotter. Also, you don't let the other person know because "it's just common decency to hide it".
No, this is definitely the last season. It was announced before it started.
IT's already been said that we shouldn't be looking for it any time soon and that it's going to be another year or so. This is because of the investigation being completely thorough and because time is not on the side of Trump. The more they talk to people and the more people they bring in, the more pressure it puts on the original people of "Oh shit, what if they're talking now!" and they may decide to come clean or say more. You don't throw a frog into boiling water as it'll jump out. You put it in room temp water and then put the lid on and turn up the heat. Also, waiting for the elections coming up to get a lot more seats to make impeachment a possibility to begin with.
Uh, why?
They were and weren't really. Roy was trying to get back with her but they were in limbo at this point.
This was on purpose. Steve said he only wanted to come back if it was toned down. He didn't want to come back and make it The Michael Scott show. He didn't want to be the focus so, he wasn't in it.
She talks about the motives. She tried numerous things, including art school, and failed at those.
My brother in law was introduced to the show by me and watches what he can online (he doesn't have all the episodes like i do) and this and "The Convict" are his favorite ones. We quote Prison Mike at each other all the time. The rest of his family (sans My Wife) look at us like we're stupid. Well, wife kinda does too but she at least understands what we're referencing.
Cop: "Sir, can you stay with a friend?" Jim: "Oh I would but my house is on fire" Pam: "flooded" Jim: "flooded"
You would be wrong. They still do commercials but don't go away from the game now. They just keep it on the game in a small window then show you a 30 second advertisement then go back to the game.
NFL is huge in England and Mexico (Hence the Jags going there next year to play). So no, they are big elsewhere too. Also, Germany.
Very nice catch. It is pretty cool because Dexter is set in Florida where Jo is from and started her business.
Funny lone Winston is from the nfcs. However, I agree.
Maybe not literally freezing to death but long term exposure to cold as low as 50 to 55 can kill people.
Johnnie Worker.
The Good Place is fucking fantastic too. I love The Office, P&amp;R (Obviously, i'm here), The Good Place, and Brooklyn 99 is pretty funny too.
Which is one of the top 3 all time and probably 1st on my personal list.
Let's go baby!
The fuck?!
I'm loving the fight we are showing.
Honestly, you might have a shitty house that isn't up to code mate.
Bersin! Tripped by Teo girlfriend.
&gt;probably since its a head on crash the two forces are added so its 120mph worth of force that is why head ons are so dangerous. That's not how that works... like.. at all.
The problem with old Buicks were that they were build to the point they could run through brick walls and be fine but that force goes somewhere else and though safe in some regards, cars get obliterated now because the force is directed AROUND the inside instead of into the inside like what would happen in a 1992 Buick LeSabre.
I liked the part where he decided to block the blows with his head as a solid defense idea.
I'm curious if anyone here has ever been served something like this and just looked at the waiter and said "No. I'm sorry but no. Put this on a plate" because that would be my exact reaction.
The baby was born into dependence from someone else for food already. That's just going to lead to depending more on others to feed it for the next 18 years or so. We gotta stop the cycle and knock the tit out of babies mouths so they can learn to be self sufficient.
DAMN IT! WE ONLY PLAY WELL WHEN I"M NOT WATCHING! I'm dying over here. I won't tune in. I can't handle it. Someone just PM me when we lose/win.
\#justshulathings
Shiiiiit, Tomorrow, I flair up with Saints bandwagon flair. If not us, i want Drew to get another ring.
Misleading, this is a bug.
Was a Cubs fan for 30+ years before we finally won it and it came with new ownership. I'm not afraid of new owners anymore.
No. I know people want a call because Cam never gets them and it was a hard hit but there was ZERO ill intention and Cam was leaning forward and it would be impossible to hit him without hitting his head.
Or the US with civil forfeitures and now a push by the US Government to, once again, make pot illegal?
I let them talk and talk and talk then I repeat the question. I did this with my Dad and it frustrated him until he quit discussing politics with me. I would ask him to explain something about Trump and he'd go off on something entirely different. So i'd say "okay, now back to what I asked...". I asked him about the wall thing. He went off on a tangent that started with "illegals are taking jobs and ended with Hillary being corrupt". I told him "okay, we weren't talking about Hillary. Now, tell me, how is this wall thing really going to work out?" He said he answered it and I flat out told him "no, you didn't even say the word wall, you mentioned immigrant and illegal once each and you mentioned Hillary 7 times and emails 4 which has absolutely nothing to do with my question". Then I repeated it and told him to debate without mentioning Hillary, Obama, or emails. He couldn't do it.
And still can't win as people bash him for this response too. Haters are going to hate.
== Favorite Submitter ==
[iam4real](https://www.reddit.com//u/iam4real)
["Ass Cold" Mildly NSFW"](https://www.reddit.com/r/youdontsurf/comments/5ylsex/ass_cold_mildly_nsfw/)
== Best Gilded Post ==
["Rub It In Already"](https://www.reddit.com/r/youdontsurf/comments/6e7jff/rub_it_in_already/)
It depends on where you are. If they are actual police doing traffic, yes. But if it's something like a parking authority (Like in Philly), then no. The PPA can only issue citations and stuff and can't do anything about moving violations such as this or running a stop sign or a stop light.
He's from NC and there is more to it. His father is Dell Curry who was a huge star for the Hornets. He played at UNC-Charlotte and has made it huge in the NBA. Is it bad for people of Charlotte to be proud of a hometown boy making it big?
In Madden 18 they hold their back like they were just put through a table from the top of the cage in a hell in a cell match by the Undertaker then turns out it's their shoulder or arm or leg. And will return. Only to be out 8 weeks after the game.
When I move back to the states, I'm going to fly into Virginia and i'm going to hire you to pick me up in a lifted truck and if possible, with the red flannel shirt.
Finally finishing Duck Tales on the NES when I was a kid. I took pictures of it and everything.
Thanks for the sarcastic suggestion when you have no idea who I am. Again, trying wipes will show you that dry paper doesn't do the job you think it does.
This is a fake story right? I am finding nothing online.
"Video not available"
I had a moment the other day that makes me wonder if we're judging too soon. I had my phone out and was messaging on Facebook when i was washing some oranges to put out in the living room. I took an accidental picture of me with the oranges. I'm a bit blurry in the pic as I was moving and didn't realize what had happened until I grabbed my phone but, is it possible some of these are accidental?
Removed. Rule 1 violation 1) Content must depict an embarrassing interaction between two or more people.
Any studies on the elections the US have interfered with over the past 2 decades?
Well this killed me ever going back to the show.
Every time I see a picture of her, I applaud the makeup people in The Office because she's absolutely gorgeous and in the first like 6 seasons they made her look incredibly plain.
Absolutely one of my favorite lines from the show.
Something I've heard, too, is that foreigners cannot obtain (legally) cell phones that call numbers inside NK and North Korean citizens can't get cell phones that dial outside of the country. Also, the parts of North Korea that you're allowed to see can change if you're an American or an American is in your tour group. They have places they are absolutely forbidden stopping at if there is an American in the group. Also, Americans are shadowed by security the entire time they are visiting and are never, ever, left alone. This isn't done for the security of the American but to make sure they do nothing illegal. Taking photos is highly restricted (for all people) and taking pictures of police is illegal. The roads there are in pristine condition because most people can't afford a car to even drive on them and littering is also a heinous crime there. On tours, you can often be taken to places where people are on computers and you can tell that they have absolutely no power but they play "act" like they are functioning.
Most people don't give a fuck. I went to a friend's house for a brunch that some of her other friends were going to as well and I made these delicious omelette muffins that had sausage. She said she was vegan so I ran over and started mildly yelling "don't eat the eggs! It has meat!" Panicked she would grab one then it hit me. Vegan don't eat eggs either dumbass. I paused as she laughed and I mumbled "and... You know.... Egg.... Sorry."
I had a friend stop being friends with another friend because friend A went vegan. Friend B went to A's house and got upset she served dinner without meat.
Playing a game called Rock God, i'm using it.
&gt; there’s also a TON of great people on YouTube including some of the most talented, creative, and entertaining people Can you give examples? I'm not up on YouTube celebrities except for like 2 (Boogie and Jenna Marbles) so who is worth watching that aren't scumbags who scream at you and only attract 12 year olds?
It's already happened and if you see any commercial for the show, it clearly states it. I'd stopped watching a couple years ago but I happened to catch a teaser for the last 4 episodes and was like "Holy fuck!" and messaged a friend. She said "Yeah, they did that. It's the last 4 episodes so it's not that big of a deal I guess".
I was just a kid then but that could very well be. She was on it fairly regular at the start if I recall. Then the show was canned after season 2 but then the company who made it merged with another and they thought it was a show that could bring ratings so they brought it back like a year later but with different cast members. By that time Betty and Rue were on Golden Girls so it was probably harder to bring them back. Rue's character they killed off in season 3 episode 1 actually. I still watch the show a lot.
When I was buying a house in 2012/2013 I told my realtor "If you find the perfect house but there is an HOA, don't bother". A month later we're still looking and he shows me this house. It was in my budget, was a massive 4 bedroom house with 4 bedrooms that were like 15x20 in 3 of them and like 15x15 in the smaller bathroom. 2.5 baths, huge back yard that was about 1/4'ish acre yard. I told him I wanted it then he said "However, there is an HOA". I was super pissed. Nearly fired him. I was nice and just told him "Don't do this again". His theory was that I'd fall in love with the house, forget the HoA bullshit and just buy the house. If it wasn't for the HoA, I would have been all over it. Like you, I'll never buy a house in an HOA.
Removed. Rule 2 violation 2) Do not post any identifiable information, names, or usernames. This is a bannable offense. This includes social media profiles and Reddit accounts.
I was excited to watch the first American show as I loved the British Kitchen Nightmares and it's like night and day. Not even sure why it has the same name. I liked the first few seasons of the American show but it got bad fast. I still like the British version and still watch it. Should check out The F Word (UK). The US one was stupid. Hells Kitchen was really good the first like 6 seasons but they completely changed how they do it and not a fan of that now either. I do watch MasterChef still.
Just a heads up but Uncle Buck had physical comedy in it. Quite a little bit if I recall.
I'm actually with you on this. When you have two meats that have 2 different temps, especially with the higher one in the middle, you're going to have to either deal with undercooked inner meat (the chicken) which can lead to being sick or cooking it so long and so high that the inner chicken is done but the pork is over cooked and dry.
But the problem is, if given a choice between two people with fucked up views, I'll take the loud mouth asshole who makes us look bad but is incredibly incompetent over the one that would make us look less worse publicly but have the knowledge to actually get his weird and backwards shit passed.
Maybe it's me but, 200million+ would probably last me my life time but not long after. My house would be 4-5 million and I'd own homes in about 8 countries.
I'm an expat living in Tunisia and people ask me all the time "Isn't there a war going on there? Isn't it dangerous? Are you not afraid of being shot?" Like, dude, there have been like 2 dozen shootings in the US since the last one here and that happened like 2 years ago. I actually had someone say "I thought all Muslims hated America". Like fucking serious, Dude?
I couldn't find one so I moved to a Muslim country. (No, I did, but not for the halal bacon... for love)
By the time you boil water, pour it in a cup, let it warm up, and then put it over the butter long enough to soften it, couldn't you just, idk, have left the butter out while cooking? Just place it near the stove or toaster oven perhaps?
Did noone warn Philadelphia about Julio? Cat is pretty good. You might, just might, want to cover him.
&gt; Falcons got this -MikaMikone
As a Panthers fan, i'm not disappointed.
[Awwww](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1719263796/Salty_Panda_Small_400x400.png)
I get this but, legally, they have no rights over the other. Get it legal and then have the wedding when they can afford it.
A time in Mark Feuerstein's adult life when he lived in apartment 9K in the building he grew up in, sandwiched between his parents' apartment, 9J, and his brother, sister-in-law, and their baby's apartment, 9L, and his attempts to set boundaries with his intrusive, but well-meaning family.
Why is it every time the Vikings make a great play on D, the Saints WR's get up trying to get a flag. Stop that. Earn that shit. None of that was interference.
Since about Week 11, i've been saying "Saints vs. Pats".
1
This is the best playoffs I can recall seeing and I've been watching Football since the late 80's.
They Schrute'd it.
Wait, why? Monday is a holiday here in Tunisia but it's for the revolution. Pretty sure you're not here last I recall. What is Monday in the US?
I'm betting that 9 out of 10 people (Rookies or not) probably make that same play. He's a rookie and he was probably told "Whatever you do, don't get a flag". He was trying to undercut him to the point that he would have to make a great play to even catch it and then land with it. Just Diggs caught it in a way that allowed him (somehow) to run with it. It's a tough break and it's irritating me that people in /r/nfl are talking about how shitty he played on that play. He's a rookie and he made the best play he could. What irritates me more is that your fucking rookies are this good. Just wish you guys would suck and stay in the cellar like the Bucs do. But Noooo, you guys gotta be good year after year. I feel bad for Drew as it would have been nice to see him get another ring though.
I love how he went from dejected and resolved to the loss to "ZOMG! TOUCHDOWN! WE'RE GOING TO PHILLY! OMG!!! PURPLE RAIN!"
I think this is done because having an actor laying there without blinking would be difficult
Carolina has only 1 championship as well. Hornets were in Carolina in 1988 Hurricanes moved to Carolina in 1997 (1 Championship) Panthers started in 1995 That's all. Hornets have never really been close to winning anything (Probably never will) but Panthers have been close 2 times.
Keanu Reeves and you all know it's the truth.
I have a question I hope someone can help with. So, I'm getting back into mining and was looking at pools to help with mining and I saw a familiar website. I set this up like sooo many years back and actually mined for a few hours before deciding "This is stupid and silly" and stopped. So i noticed the familiar site and attempted to log in with a username I've used a lot and, lo and behold, i have BTC. Nothing that will make me be able to retire but enough that, after a minor rebound will certainly help me with rent. I'm jsut not sure how to get it out of slushpool.com into my wallet. There is no wallet on file that I see but i click on the "Payouts" part for Bitcoin and "your address for receiving rewards" but when I click that, nothing happens. Nothing happens to most of what I click. I'd like to be able to get this where I can sell it when it rebounds. Can you help?
I wish I could view, in third person, me doing that to my mom at that age. Just to see how bad it would be. I could ask for stuff in the grocery store but no meant no. Me throwing a tantrum was still no but I got my ass beat on top of it. I could pout but quietly.
I love that the guy tried to play it off. Attacking the presumed ROTY and then coming out the other end the worse for it, gotta hurt your career. It's like in middle school when you are trading insults with a friend for fun and the best you could come up with was a dismissive "shiiiiiiiiiiiit" like you're the TV governor of Baltimore.
Tunisia
Ah, I don't have them. Tried to import my wallet, not found a way yet
&gt; Not gonna lie, I would too if I were her, and I bet most of you would too. That's the part that bugs me about people. If people would back up a truck of money to my house to endorse a tea, I'd run to selling out so fucking fast I'd leave one of those clouds in the shape of me that you see in cartoons.
My Mom died September 11th, 2012 (what a shitty day huh?) and my brother was basically the black sheep of our family (well, still is). I had to take care of her when sick, when in the hospital, making all the decisions and when signing papers to take her off support. You're going to be in shock for a while. One thing I found when she passed is that I had a lot of friends and family and even her friends offering help was reassuring. At least I knew I wasn't going to be going through it alone and neither are you. Make sure that if someone offers help, they will mean it. Don't be afraid to ask them if just to talk for a bit or hang out or go to dinner. You're going to hear a lot of "i'm sorry for your loss"'es. Know that most are not empty platitudes but people who are hurting too most likely who want to help or say something to help you but lack the ability to. It's okay to feel down and numb. It's okay to feel sad and lost. One of the "benefits" (Sorry I lack another word at 8:30am after 3 hours sleep) is that people are going to be understanding like crazy. If you're not your normal self and are a little off, people are going to understand so don't be afraid to show your emotions. If you want to cry, do it. If you want to do something else, do it. All that said, I don't know your Mom but I am guessing she loved you very much and you loved her too and I'm willing to bet dollars to doughnuts, she wouldn't want you to do something stupid or handle this in a bad way. The best thing you can do, is to go out and be the best person you can be because it's through you, that she can live on. I try to be a great person so that when someone sees my actions or hears me they think "Man, his parents sure raised him right". And I know I said it would sound like an empty platitude, but I am really sorry you lost your Mom. If you do ever need to talk or rant, you can PM me. I'm GMT +6 but I am on at random times and quite often. So just shoot me a PM.
He doesn't have the acumen but god blessed the man for his all out attempts to catch up with Bush.
Somehow I Manage. On the cover it would just be a picture of me like ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
A wedding dress? It was very intricate. Maybe only felt like 30. It was late.
Apparently the good stuff.
Was an easy record to get. I'm as surprised as you are.
It's not like it stops being abandoned.
Or not winning a division in 30 years. Hell, as bad as the Bucs have been as of late, they still have some divisional titles in the NFCS.
Just triggered every fear I have dude. Also, happy cake day.
In the major part of cities there are but the US is made up of a LOT of rural areas. Populations are really spread out. It was a surprise to my wife that I drove to the grocery store instead of walking. Closest one was like 2.5 miles away but the problem is, it was busy back roads that walking them, isn't safe.
That would probably be pretty much me. If I had the forethought to actually grab my gun and do this though, on that 1% that I wasn't paralyzed, I think I'd be shooting immediately. However, i gotta say chances are closer to 99.999% that I'd probably just piss myself in fear and either hand over the cash immediately or just pass out in the floor. THAT one is more 50/50.
It's flaired as completed :D
This pleases me! GO TUNISIA!
December 10th? So you're posting this 11 months ahead of time or is this old? *edit* now very confused as December 10th doesn't fall on a Wednesday. Last year, this year, or even next or even 2021. *edit 2* It was January 17th. So, nvm.
Yeah, it seems everyone is running into the office cast. I took it as "Oh, just out in the wild" but I'm starting to think they are at some convention and people aren't "running into them" as much as going to see them.
The Eagles, The.
Also, their immunity to boiling water in pots decreases as they get bigger.
yeah, I think he tossed it in a way that gave it enough air under it and still enough distance to give his teammate a shot at it. Which, I think is more incredible than accidentally doing it because, fuck if I could even run to catch it, let along try to throw it back in, and even less so, throw it back to where someone else could catch it.
Will never NOT upvote a Steve Smith picture. Though, I have NO fucking clue what you guys are on about.
Select for Contra was for 2 people. Select isn't actually part of the code and it ends with A, just have to press start to start the game or select to select 2 players.
That really sounds like repressed homosexuality.
Wound up with 2 cats like this. Wife and I went to adopt a kitten from this lady she was going to be working with and they were sisters and they seemed super attached. The lady needed to get rid of them as she was leaving the country so she was willing to split them but we couldn't do it. So we got 2 kittens and wound up being "The house with 3 cats" as we already had 1. They were super attached to each other for a long while. Only since the last month or so can they be apart and not go looking for the other.
I get the guy heart guy but triangle? I assume that's a rainbow flag but what is the triangle?
Someone who is there when I don't want them there and telling them I want space ends up with them bitching/complaining/getting upset or refusing to give you the space. My wife and I are very "clingy" with each other BUT it's mutual.
It's so funny as I had this idea in my head that alcohol would be so hard to find. HA! This is the most drinkest country ever and I'm from the US. Should see the Carrefour (think wal-mart) here like 30 minutes before close. It's slam full of people buying arm fulls of alcohol. Pork? You can get that too easily. Gambling is everywhere. Most don't eat pork but they LOVE them some alcohol and gambling.
God I hope he doesn't do any Panthers games. That dude is annoying as fuck.
This subs has basically just become /r/porn. There used to be an "adorable" factor but now it's just "Put up a porn pic".
Greed or ego can be defeated. Ignorance is much harder to fight.
I think we killed it. I'm not sure they were anticipating the reception.
Thank you, will install that now. Was hoping that Exodus would implement it.
I may have to give it another shot but I watched the first 3 and just did NOT like this. Even remotely.
I'm American. I plan on coming back soon.
Jesus.... were we really this poor? I love this. I still make this.
Apparently lied on his resume. He was Assistant TO the Regional Manager.
I'm taking it that you never saw the office?
Can we get rid of these bullshit upvote begging parties?
Didn't he just plea destitute recently to avoid paying some people?
Shoulda used that waze!
I thought the original tweet was pretty humorous.
Weird, I found I had some long forgotten BTC last week worth a few hundred and saw this too. Figured I'd use garlicoin to learn about cryptocurrency. I've met some cool people too and I still don't know a lot but I know more than I did last week. It may not be valuable in USD, but garlicoin has given me knowledge which can't be measured in money, lambos, or memes.
Honestly, to cut it down to the point that you won't be messing up your processor, you're not going to be making much of anything. Are you unable to GPU mine?
Not saying she isn't, but any evidence she is?
Gas stations had racks or magazines and there were huge shops that sold toys and porn. Was amazing.
Heads up, black Friday is worldwide now. I live in fucking Tunisia and they had black Friday sales. Mother fuckers don't even know why it's a holiday, but they have it.
They were this patient for backup. Not sure if for black backup, but possibly.
Anyone know of other videos of this lady? Asking for a friend.
\#34 is actually pretty good. &gt;I'll pass on your pot offer.
A Seriban Film or The Antichrist. Laugh at inappropriate times.
There is a part of the Antichrist that if you time it right, turn to her and wink. If it's a guy you're trying to scare off, it'll be SO much better.
I never understood the shit they catch from drivers Man. It's like no one bothered to read their ToS they had to agree to. "They don't pay enough" then stop fucking driving. "They don't offer this or that or health insurance blah blah" then fucking go get a job that does that. Can't get one? Then that means you take what you can get.
Eh, I can kinda see it. Don't think I would without already being told it should look like a seahorse.
You're being downvoted because your hyperbole is in no way on the same level of voluntarily being employed. If you stop working for Uber or Lyft, you don't die.
Gastonia... explains a lot.
Absolutely haven't. That place is horrible. Source: Lived there for a year. Had drug dealers living above me that lost all their customers because I'd see people pull up and whip the camera out and go outside to film them. People would call and they'd have to go up the road and they got tired of doing that all the time so they fucking moved.
Man, why does Power Girl not get her own TV show or Movie. I'd love to see that or a KK Ms. Marvel. I think that the current Marvel stuff is going to come to an end and I'd like to see a KK Ms. Marvel or MM Spider-Man show up with maybe some Spider-verse stuff thrown in with Spider-Gwen. And if Spider-man we gotta have a Spider-Man/Deadpool movie. That would be bad ass.
Yeah, i mean, how could I not want drug dealers dealing outside of my residence and smoking that shit above me. I'm a real fucking party pooper! Nevermind that people that came would leave trash every fucking place and play loud ass music at 3am when they came to pick up their drugs. Yeah, i'm the bad guy for chasing away criminals and trespassers.
Spending all day cleaning then taking a nice shower, fresh clothes, laying on the couch nodding off and then slipping into bed with clean sheets. I'm about to go finish this quadfecta.
I actually had to look if this was real. I've never seen someone so rich, shit post on twitter so much. Dude is going on about how he isn't creating a zombie apocalypse and is selling flame throwers.
We notified the police. Not anonymously. They were aware and shared with us that they know about him and was their recommendation that we continue to let them know we are watching and filming. This was from "the gray shirts" (the police called themselves this) even talked to us and got copies of the videos we had. I'll never mind my business when drug deals are going on right on my property.
They don't come out and say "This is health food" but watch these. [There is this commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThIrw_LpuRA) that lists hazelnuts, milk, and a little bit of cocoa as their ingredients and even talks about "no artificial colors or flavors" and a mom serving it on whole grain bread and etc. They don't say "this is healthy" but it's an advertisement trick to get you thinking healthy stuff and relating it to Nutella. It's not lying and it's not "This is healthy!" but it's a bit of a scummy psychological trick to sell it as healthy. Then there is [This commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpNLUFA34iw) that makes it seem it's part of a healthy breakfast and bypasses the fact it's unhealthy as hell. It says "with 10g of Nutella" but they don't show bread with 10g of Nutella on it. 10grams of Nutella is almost nothing. To give you an idea [This is 15grams of Nutella](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/511SYNF38ZL._SX425_.jpg) so take off about 33% of that and if you've ever had one of those, you know those barely cover a slice of bread.
Not the same universe though. So he wouldn't exist in theirs.
She wasn't in Scranton when strangler started was She? Also, wasn't she around when he was being chased? Also, Toby is the Scranton Strangler and everyone knows that.
It seems like copy/pasta but OP said it's true.
I'm white and live in Tunisia. Not sure it's racism but I get treated WAAYYY better here than I would in the US. Being a white dude here from the US, I could get with quite a few women if I wanted and I'm not even that attractive. A lot of the younger people are really caught up in the American culture. Even people who are from here, the lighter the skint he better they are. I had a friend who got engaged and her fiance dumped her because his family felt she was too dark. She wasn't even dark but was just too dark for their tastes.
My #2 visited sub on this site...
All I know is if I was a girl and had to choose between a tall dude who loved Asia, and a you-lookin' dude who loved sweaters and wearing sweaters, I'd choose you.
Reason is that you have a much smaller playing area and most sports don't cover teams going into the tunnels and etc. NFL you get 12 minute halftimes and they gotta run in and draw up a quick change of plans, piss, whatever, then run back out. After the game, they still meet with fans, give jerseys, shoes, etc. Just not shown on tv as much.
The first thing I thought of when I saw it was "Great, we get these people power and in remote, possibly hostile places, then when we leave, some warlord is like 'nope' and destroys the one moving part needed to cripple it".
This is incorrect. Most choose not to but there are many Muslims that have dogs. My Wifes parents have a dog (though they don't like that they have it, but not because it's a dog but just something they have to take care of they didn't want). It's seen as a cultural thing and dogs are kept as pets but a lot of them here (Tunisia) are kept as free help with herding lamb/cattle/etc. Cats are generally more accepted as they are seen as cleaner but no one would blink twice if someone owned a Dog.
Your submission has been removed because /r/facepalm does not allow grammar/spelling errors
Both sides are like this. /r/trumpgret is filled with people like this. Someone who voted Trump losing healthcare or having a friend deported is ambrosia to them. It's not good to gloat in someone else's misfortune. I don't gloat in it, but I have a hard time feeling bad for them. Simply because he told people who he was and what he would do and after following through with it, some have actually said "Well, I didn't think he'd actually DO it".
Absolutely my favorite line of the entire series.
I think Charlotte, NC could use a team. They have very strong support for Charlotte Knights and just built a new stadium uptown pretty recently.
Just as it was drawn up.
Could just google it, ya know. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bubblegram
Basically Me. I decided it was easier to NOT do work at a way too early stage in life. Was in all the advanced classes as a kid and did really well until I said "You know what, school is shitty and I don't like it" so I did the minimum to get by. Really regret it now. I'm not really smart but I'm knowledgable about a lot of subjects. I think I could have been actually smart if I applied myself. That would be a thing 14 year old me would have to be talked to about, not 10. Thankfully, I've since changed. I found a job I love and I'm great at and I work very hard at. Only took me getting to 40 to give a shit.
"bad guy". Just wanted to point out that the great thing about that movie is that, He has a point.
Waiiiit, you mean that the account that I have tied to a dead email account is now useless? This game is over a decade old and NOW you introduce 2FA?
"oh sorry Martin, I grabbed the wrong remote." Martin Martin Mar Tin Tin Mart Mart Martin.
No, it's not. it's still fucking nuts. I agree with every point but to A.) Go to this extreme and B.) Impede your vision, it's fucking retarded.
[A picture of that first pitch](http://img3.mashed.com/img/gallery/how-to-make-perfect-ikea-meatballs/whats-going-on-here-1502299624.jpg)
&gt; it does advocate doing it for women now, and men later Because, as the article states, with Men it's a much larger issue. They make up a much much larger population of the incarcerated so it wouldn't be as easy and would take more time to do. The problem with the sentencing comes down to it being rigged and the entire prison industrial complex being a business. Which, is also addressed in the article. With women, you can implement changes easier and quicker due to lower number of people and then use that information to implement it for Men.
The Wire is probably my favorite show of all time (Minus Simpsons that is #1 forever so I don't count it). Breaking Bad was amazing TV but The Wire... was a masterpiece.
A lot of the time, I've paid the 10 TND that Taxis ask for because A.) Convenience, B.) Beats lugging all my stuff out to the main road which may happen sometimes C.) at 2:30am, you're going to be hard pressed to find a taxi outside of the actual airport.
&gt; He may be just a mommas boy Please don't sully the Momma's boy thing. I was one too but I still knew priorities. This guy is just being a dickhead.
You have to understand that not everyone is raised to learn this. The vast majority of people are raised living paycheck to paycheck now so when they get any sort of money, instead of saving it, go buy something they want like a bigger TV, game system, or something like that. Those types of people want nice things because they're promise this American dream type thing but then never sit down and realize that they can't afford it. We've raised kids, who are now adults, with the teachings that they deserve the best in life because they're awesome and it's bullshit. They get into huge financial holes, like this, and don't plan things out. I'm guilty of this as well. So, i'm not judging, I can just relate. I'm busting my ASS now to work hard and save money and change and it's working. I went from living paycheck to 5 days before paycheck to living paycheck to paycheck to now having the ability to buy things I want like a cool spatula or nice curtains and still have some money to save in a savings account. Sure, I want a new PC. I want a new TV. I want a lot of nice, big, expensive things but I'm trying to refrain. I'm trying to save up some money so, God forbid, something happens we're not ruined but, not everyone does. It's easy to say "They should know. They're adults" but we only learn what is taught to us sometimes.
The recent updates have started bringing me back too. I'm hoping now that I can pick up some people to actually run missions with again. I'd love to do storyline missions through Prophecies again with a good group. So, if any weekend warriors are out there and interested, let me know. I am EST +5 and can play on weekends for a few hours each day.
TIL that most of the shit I believe is not true.
Here's the thing, I'm 40. I still have no idea what i'm doing but I have a better idea on what is a better decision.
That's why I grab my wife so much. So 13 y/o me can live vicariously.
&gt; Renouncing your citizenship doesn't mean that you don't have to obey laws. I love this one. I am a US Citizen abroad. That means I have TWO countries laws I have to live by. The US and Tunisian. Whatever one makes something illegal, wins. So, if for example, I travel to Taiwan or whatever country that pede's go to to fuck little kids, it's illegal even if it's legal there (Not sure if it's legal there either). Piracy isn't prosecuted here in Tunisia but as a US Citizen, I'm still not allowed to pirate stuff or own/buy pirated items. My Wife can, I can't.
Great line by Omar. You remember what happened to Omar right?
Yeah, I'll be watching the forken shirt out of this.
Is this Grinding Nemo?
Strongest Division the past 3 years. It was 2014 (I think) when we won the division at 7-8-1.
Oh, it's cheating. My mom always told me "If you're doing something you can't tell your spouse about, maybe you should rethink what you're doing because it probably ain't right". Made me think about a lot of things and make a lot of right decisions.
Well, the only thing with Borneo is I know who won because it was such a huge deal then. Someone else mentioned Pearl Islands so I may do Season 7 next.
I need to start watching 'rasslin' again.
I was about 11 or so and this girl with a metal ring would hit me in the head on the bus. She did it and i was like "The hell are you doing? Stop that shit" So she did it again, and again, and again, until I finally got up and screamed at her "Hit me one more time bitch and I'm going to punch the fuck out of you". I sit down and it's not 2 seconds she hits me again, so I pop up spin around and WHAM! Right on the top of her head. I swung HARD too. I cocked my arm again and my friend, sitting next to me, grabbed it and was like "She got the point" but i look and she's grabbed her head and just starts balling her eyes out. She never really talked to me much after that. It wasn't until later that I realized she may have had a crush on Me as she would do a lot of stuff to get my attention and after the punch, she didn't have much to do with me.
Oh, I wasn't remotely interested in Her anyways.
Bye.
Others have answered a lot of your questions (most if not all actually) but I will say that there isn't a "Vanilla" portion but it's actually referred to as "Prophecies" if you're talking about the original game. Like they said you can start in any campaign and you can use one character in them all. You can jump from Prophecies to Factions or Nightfall from Lions Arch when you make your way there. You will get there about 1/4 of the way through Prophecies. Now, I would recommend completing Prophecies then tackling the others as well. But that's just a recommendation and there is absolutely no reasons to it other than "That's the way it was released". EoTN is valuable if you want to play Guild Wars 2 because it gives you some cool stuff in GW2 that you can't get otherwise. I won't spoil it but you meet a type of people that you will see in GW2 as well, that you don't see elsewhere in the game except there. Also, Gwen is a pretty popular character and everyone really likes her and if you follow the lore you know she's through some of the early prophecy stuff and, to give a hint, Guild Wars: Eye of the North = GWEN. Hint hint. As far as do's and do not's, don't pick silly stuff that would require some meta gaming to make work. If you want to go healing you can go with Monk/Mesmer or Monk/Elementalist. Warrior/Dervish or Dervish/Warrior. Or Warrior/Monk is very popular too. If you want to dish out some heavy damage Elementalist/Mesmer or Mesmer/Elementalist is bad ass too. Ranger is really good too and one of my favorites when you get Barrage. It can be useful for Underworld (end gameish) stuff too.
So far, they're only accusations and I'm a mod only and not an admin so I can't look and see that he's using bots. I know what he does and he reposts stuff at better times when it fails to get upvotes. That's not against the rules. Shady? Perhaps but it's not against our rules or the sites. you see all his posts that are elevated to the front page because he deletes those that get no traction. I don't know what impact it's having unless he's using those to mass downvote too and Reddit is really good at catching those types of things and he's been reported to the admins before to be looked at and he's still here so, maybe he's not botting like others think. He's been reported at least 1 time that I know of as I did it. He's probably been reported by many others. Follow up answer: I, 100%, actually believe he surfs.
End game can be PvP, Underworld/Fissure of Woe, Hard Mode, Farming, about all i can think of atm. there are probably more.
Bye.
I think you mean Wods Fir. Last I heard the Sunsphere was just a wig shop now anyways.
YOU THREW MY SANDWICH AWAY!? MY! SANDWICH!? This thanksgiving I'm trying to recreate the sandwich with the Moist Maker™
I had one that was OVERLY attached. No matter where My Wife and I would go, he would follow. Bedroom? Sure let's go. Living room now? I'm up for TV! Bathroom? Don't mind if I do! We have 2 female cats now and they're super attached to each other (sisters) and didn't care much for us at first. However, they've both gotten super attached and try to sleep in the bed with us. Pretty damned smart too because yesterday morning, one of them fell off the balcony and the other came to wake us up to let us know.
I think they focus just on importing though. From what I hear.
Absolutely The Orville. I saw the commercials and it looked like Family Guy in space and I did NOT want to watch it but I decided to give the first episode a try. Holy shit was it great. I really expected to hate this show and watched it to hate it and have reasons why. Then I fell in love along the way.
It fucking sucked. I wasn't about to tell these people they were shit canned. Not my job. But I knew why they couldn't log in so just told them I'd look into it. One guy laughed and even said "Ha ha, guess that means I'm fired huh?" not being serious about it.
We still suck
I just got a management position a few months ago and brother, I learned the hard way. Write. Down. Everything. In. Email. People claim all the time "But I said this". Really? Show me the email. People come to me all the time requesting shit "OKay, i can do that, make sure you send me an email or I won't do that". They get irritated but, IDGAF.
Hello down payment for a house!
I don't think I'd tell myself anything. I'm a depressed adult too despite the fact I'm holding a very nice job with room for advancement pretty soon and I am the heir apparent even. I'm actually able to live from paycheck to even a few days after paycheck without a problem. However, I'm still depressed. I'm still sad. I don't deal with stress well and I have an extremely stressful job. I always thought "If I get married, I'll be happy". Nope. Yes, but, nope. "If I get a good job. Not a job but a career, I'll be happy". Nope. Then more stuff comes up to be stressed and unhappy about. Got married, now I want kids. No success so far. I got a career but goddamn is it stressful. It's even a management position with good pay but, No.
*high fives* Though, I work my ass off for my check, it's not required. I could coast by but, i don't like that. I make 30k annually of local salary (which is directly translated to $10k USD but cost of living is SOOO much better here) and I'm hoping to double that in about a year and 4 months. That's why I'm busting my ass because my boss will be leaving and I want her job. She coasts and her job is way easier than mine.
Too early to say. Would need at least 40 more tds this season.
In Lord of the Rings Online, I was a loremaster and I had a Raven named "Thatsso"
Up in arms? They could all be octupuses and they'd still be out of arms if Obama did HALF the shit Trump has tried.
A woman, in a date with bf up and suddenly leaves him via note in the restaurant. Sure there are probably some other explanation but damned if I can think of anything
When I stump my toe, I get angry. When traffic is backed up and people cut me off I get angry. His brother swung a weapon at him. Hits brother smoked weed and has a job that it's forbidden. Somehow this is OP's fault because... reasons? I think YTA in this post.
Died suddenly and left a note of "I can't do this anymore"?
Well, no state has a "stay as long as you want" but you can stay until an eviction is served by a judge.
Obviously this is the answer.
The other day it had been a while and I did the thing for the wife and so we started getting to the finale and... well... it was maybe a minute? I came and she looks at me like :- | was that it? I just kinda laughed. She didn't.
Damn Pep! Didn't know Ron Howard was even shooting in Charlotte.
We need to build a wall around Cam to keep him safe. We'll make the Saints pay for it.
I use mineraled water to do this too. It's frankly pretty easy to do. I love doing it to sodas during the summer.
As much as this sucks, FTS! Go Panthers! (yes, I know we suck this year).
Didn't know it was cancelled. That's a shame.
I'm sorry that my issue isn't clear. It's not about converting, it's about finding a site that has recipes that could be better for my purposes. Like, recipes that would easily be prepared for 60+ people. It's not about the straight up conversion.
Best Russian hacking job since 2016.
I saw some buildup but then forgot about it. I don't live in the US but I do watch quite a bit of American television. Especially late-night TV. I think I saw one interview on one show and that was it. A bigger social media presence would help.
And then when we send out the main ship, put an easy to understand users manual. Just in case. Hate for some future people to find it and keep having to jump to FTL travel on the whim of a ship.
If you like Sci-Fi it's great.
I just recently got 3 months for a dollar. Like, even if I played one game an hour, I'm ahead. But they have some cool games like Forza, Fire The King, MK10, Human Fall Flat, and more. As much as I've downloaded, they've probably spent that in bandwidth.
Chances are if they are together more than a week, they'll have matching house keys though.
I'm very anti-neighbors and most places I lived, they were okay with that. However, I learned, don't move into a black neighborhood and expect this. They're going to come over and say Hi and ask how you are and all that shit. It may have been because I was the only white guy around but my 1st day, I got a visit from two houses across the street, a guy behind me, and my immediate neighbors. At one point, My guys who cut my grass didn't show up and because I was partially disabled and also without a lawnmower, my grass got a little tall. One day I wake up and my grass is cut as well as my neighbors. I went over to thank Her and to try to pay her "Honey, we don't pay people for favors here. My Son did it and it took him all of 15 minutes. We're just glad to help out. If you need Him to cut it again, let me know okay?" Crazy nice neighbors and I hate I had to move.
No, as I've not left the house as it's Eid and we've been cooking.
What I told them: I was moving some cement pavers for the neighbor and threw out my back. Reality: I sneezed
I would recommend AirBnB.com. Between the two, I'd suggest Hammamet as you then can go to Sousse to visit as well as Tunis and neither would be a great distance. Sousse, it's 2 hours to Tunis which is pretty far.
No Libyans or Americans?!
If FFXI released a version that was still capped at 75 and was up to ToAU, I'd resub.
It works fine for you therefore, it works fine for everyone?
All over missing out on some paper filings.
Wait, is there really a Straight Pride parade? Why?
Toronto was beloved by so many for trying to take down the Warriors. Most unexpected heel turn ever.
&gt; I mean, we could argue over whether that was the case in this instance Can we? It fell. Can someone argue that it wasn't?
That's even better! Is that PC version too?
WTF! I posted this exact thing. I'd NEVER heard of this before I ate it at my friends house and never heard of it since. Now I find it's not a once off thing!
When I say culturally Muslim I mean those who do it because it's the thing to do in their culture. I know atheists who celebrate Christmas. Christians who only see church on Easter because that's the thing to do. I know Muslims who don't pray, who drink, smoke, gamble, then when Ramadan comes along they're praying 5 times a day, fasting, not smoking, drinking, not gambling, acting all holy and then after Eid, they're back to their ways. I know people who, also, say they are Muslim but do absolutely nothing. Not even fasting, they smoke, drink, etc. When i say culturally Muslim I mean they identify as Muslim but don't actually follow Islam.
If I was a superhero with a specific super power group, I know that I'd be outstanding in my field
I had a fucking like 1/4 acre in Mecklenburg County in NC. My tax bill was around 2k and I never got told where the money went.
Preparing them for the future.
I found it funny when I pointed out to my Dad that he would harp on me all the time "You are the company you keep" as a kid. That people would judge me if I had a bunch of friends around me constantly getting in trouble because it meant I was doing those bad things, too. Fast forward to last year and all of Trump's "Yes" Men are being sent to jail and I reminded him of this when he said "See, they're guilty but Trump isn't. Just because they're guilty of something doesn't mean Trump is". A bit of a stunned silence when I told him what he used to tell me.
Reminds me of that scene from Casino where the dealer is being cheated and DeNiro (I think DeNiro) Tells the dealer he's either too stupid to realize people were cheating or in on it and neither were good and fired Him.
China: Where even the people look like knock offs of themselves.
Realizing you could have spent the $150 on something else that would give you more than 5 minutes of enjoyment.
Sorry, punctuation is off today. $1.50
Sheppard Smith doesn't apply. They keep him around to claim "fair and balanced"
Does fuck with satellites though.
I love that they disabled comments on their video.
The job market is favoring the workers right now.
That would be because he's a corporate Democrat. I've not made my decision yet on who to support but it's decided that it's not Biden. If he wins the nomination, I'll still vote for him but I'm leaning more towards Warren more than Bernie. I'm just waiting for AOC, honestly.
I do feel wrong. Like, I've honestly tried to watch all his clips linked on Reddit because I feel like I'm missing out on something. Like one day I'll find that clip that makes me get it and then I'll suddenly laugh at like 300 jokes simultaneously and explode but, yeah, I very mildly chuckle at a few things he says and that's rare. I didn't like The Office for a while either but it's one of my favorite shows of all time and Scrubs, holy shit I kept wondering how that show was still on the air it was so horrible but now I love it too. Maybe, just maybe, one day I'll get Bill.
Man, I'd spend every dime I had to track her down "THIS is what you dumped me for!" and post a picture of him with his boyfriend with a shitty life. "We could have BEEN something..." *edit* Apparently, I need to add a /s
As someone who lives in Tunisia that has Tunisian/Arabic/French as the main languages, I still kinda suck at all of them. I'm a bit lazy and my Wife is a local so i fall back on that a lot. However, I have picked some up and though I am not at a conversational level, if they speak slow enough, simple enough, and throw in some occasional french, I can understand what is being said and can respond in kind.
As someone who doesn't follow Hockey, the lightning had a historic season then was swept by a team that was swept by a team, that was swept by a team that was nearly swept by a team?
Trying to play a game online with voice chat. I rolled a female Blood Elf in WoW when I first was trying it out. I had literally JUST zoned in after character creation when a guy was standing in front of me, asking me to take all my armor off. I decided that for 6 months (or however long I would wind up playing) I'd act like a female with no microphone. Even scraped up a good picture set from MySpace (Because who checks Myspace anymore) of a good looking chick. said it was me. If I asked anyone for help with dungeons, I would have a dozen people offer to help every time. In 6 months I had more gold than I knew what to do with. I never had to spend any because people would give me armor and then some gold too. Had one guy say he would fly me to Australia (fucking Australia) to meet up with him. Had another offer to fly me to Hawaii with himself so we can have a vacation together. They never ONCE heard my voice.
I remember a story back in the '90's about Wayne Fontes watching the news one day and he sees this young Man on the TV in some far off country in a revolution just throwing these rocks 75-80 yards with extreme accuracy. So he tracks him down and signs him within the week. The kid calls his Mother to see how she's doing. She tells him "There are people dead in the streets. We are starving. It feels like there is going to be a war breaking out at any minute and when we're out, we are constantly harassed and your sister... your sister was robbed 3 times just coming back from the store Wednesday. I'll NEVER forgive you for moving us to Detroit".
My Wife is from the MENA region. She looks white with a very light tan color. I very often forget, she's not white. There are even lighter people here. Some naturally blonde.
1.) This has absolutely nothing to do with Ions and no fucking clue what this person is talking about 2.) They're not What happens is that the water is frozen slowly so no crystals are formed. When you sake it, numerous things can happen. Typically, a bubble will form which has a high surface area which helps with freezing. As soon as a crystal forms, it's like a domino effect. It's called a seed crystal. You can do the same thing with sugar and water. You heat water up and pour sugar into it until no more dissolves. While still hot you can put it into a jar. Now this is a supersatured solution. You can then put a tiny nut to the end of a piece of string and tie the other end to a pencil. Moisten the string and roll in sugar and then place the nut and string in the solution. Give it some time and the sugar will cling to the other crystals and bam, rock candy.
American living in Tunisia for 5 years. My French and Tunisian are better than it was 5 years ago but, it's not what it should be. I can hold VERY minimal conversation but I can tell people stuff. The basics of stuff at least. I can read French better than I can speak it. The difficult part is that my Wife is Tunisian so if I ever need translations, I'm lazy so I ask her to do it. When I speak someone to someone else, they're super excited to find an American English Speaker so they don't want to talk Tunisian or French to me; Only English. To boot, my work place, English is mandatory as a language.
Tacko Fall. He's big. Really really big but I don't think he's got many abilities that are that great other than just being able to dunk a ball flat footed. That gets you a long way in CBB. In the NBA people will just blow by you or jump higher.
Introverts can typically suffer from social anxiety so a lot of these are useless. Introvert: some people over there, okay, I'll just go over and talk to them *One in the group sneezes* Introver: ABORT ABORT!!
Yeah, I'm smelling bullshit on this story. They don't throw you out of a bar unless there are problems. They would just cut him off. I'm guessing that He was being unruly, they kicked him out and he went outside and maybe the rest is true but they probably lied to him to get him to comply. As for leaving him on the jail floor, that sounds iffy considering the rest of his story sounds like bullshit too. You can get a lawyer but the second you lie to them, they're going to cut you loose. Advice: Consult an attorney if you wish but a "drunk in public" can probably be argued away if you just simply tell them "I wasn't drunk in public. I was drunk in a bar. I was thrown into public". Just explain you were waiting for a ride home.
Man: So we're going to get these back to the hideou- Police: FREEZE! Man: Oh shit, these aren't my things! Hi officer, I was just moving these away from - AH! Under arrest? For what?
Absolutely one of my favorite comedians. That joke felt like it fit.
A slower boil on character development. It seems they just burned through 4 seasons of TV in 15 episodes. Was a CRAZY lull in the middle. More of season 1. Just less lull.
THHHHAANNNNKKKKK YOUUUUU!
/r/foundthemobileuser
I think brain death happened a loooong time ago.
If a SWAT team is coming in. They are on edge. They have to assume this is a real situation and there are times people may act suddenly that a SWAT person could interpret as an act of aggression. It's easy to Monday Morning Quarterback when you know it was fake. They don't know it.
Yeesh, Alabama. My condolences. I'd love to see Alabama go blue one day. That would give me faith.
Not my intent, obviously. I also don't see how so for anyone wondering, I am only calling Tunisia (my current residence) third world. :)
I'm probably considered "anti-gun" but my problem isn't the guns. My problem is that we're ignoring the system that is CREATING shooters. Guns don't do that. Guns allow them to be shooters but the serious lack of mental health awareness and care in the US is what the underlying problem is. These people can't seek help because of a myriad of reasons and then they get worse and worse and worse until they pick up a gun and kill themselves or they kill others and then themselves. Outlawing guns will just make people switch to another weapon. We need to treat the underlying issue. Stop proposing band-aid's to a problem that is hemorrhaging.
"Work is super busy right now but once I get through this 3 month period, it's going to lighten up" Seems like God hears me and laughs every time because i always seem to have a full calendar.
Hi, I'm Jennifer with PornHub. We are looking to pay someone $5,000,000 to watch porn and masturbate. Are you available to start immediately? If so, we'll just need a $199.95 processing payment payable in Apple iTunes cards.
That was an Office reference. Sorry.
Nothing. Literally nothing. When I was young I got it. I understood it. Hormones were flowing like a wild fire so I was going to get random rock hard erections. I'm 41 years old now. I shouldn't be sitting on the couch and suddenly sprout wood hard enough to drill through marble. Alas, I do. Not even when in the mood, i just get 'em.
If, when making out, you say "I would put it in you, but it's not wet enough yet" and she reaches between her legs, pulls off some scabs and says "Try now"; bounce.
&gt;happened The theory I'd always heard was that we had SORT of rings but not like you see on Saturday, etc. But that we had "orbits" of rocks after some large, thing, hit the Earth spewing debris into space and ultimately creating the moon.
Amended a bit: Hey, I'd like to buy this candy bar so I can live Sure thing. That will be $345 WTF?! $345?!!! Well, without the card it's $5,450 dollars But I am lower class and this is still half my paycheck but without it I am going to literally die That'll be $345 please
I think that was JROTC
Man, past relationships can fuck with you. I've been cheated on TWICE and it's hard to not carry that forward. The only relief I get is that I know my Wife isn't like that. Also, there is some solace in that we work in the same place and both of us work such hours that we barely have enough time and energy to fuck each other, let along enough time to dedicate to an entirely different person.
Good GOD I wish it was Jonestown. That would end well for the rest of us.
"I got some getting even to do" -O J Simpson -Jeff Fisher -Michael Scott
Probably up close you can tell. I'd certainly be asking questions and I'd SURE as fuck be ID'ing her before i put my dick in Her. However, I remember one time at a company I was working for we threw a huge BBQ event and this girl was looking FINE! I was about 22-23 and she had booty shorts on and everything. Girl was built and about 5'7" and this guy walks over and starts chatting her up. I can overhear Him and Her and he's laying down some heavy game. Then this older lady comes over angry as fuck. Yells a him "YOU A GROWN ASS MAN! SHE THIRTEEN YEARS OLD!" Literally did a choke spit of my hamburger and dude was stunned. I was stunned. Grandma snatched up her now angry daughter and left.
Introducing yearly memberships and Surprise mechanics boxes!
I want to point out He wasn't impeached because of a blow job. He lied under oath.
I really despise Trump but we can't say "you must bake a cake" then refuse service to those who wear Trump stuff. Last I checked, his money is green too. I see he was fired, and he should be. You don't refuse service to a customer and you certainly don't yell a them and you CERTAINLY don't go off the reservation like this. All this does is solidify the Trump supporters view of those who feel differently than him. I'm hoping that this is just a bad bad day for the guy and not his actual mental state because the screaming is WAAAYYY beyond mentally sound.
&gt; he was not civil about it There's that too. I mean, if you're going to refuse business, don't do this. Just refuse and ask them to leave. This guy filming kept his calm but he knew that if he ramped up as well, they'd both be bad but he stayed calm and yeah, he egged it on a bit by just refusing to leave but no one should be screamed at (this wasn't yelling, this is screaming) and if I was another customer there, support his viewpoint or not, I'd leave and never go back. This clerk was unhinged. Personally, I despise Trump and everything he stands for but as a business man, money is green. I do support a stores right to refuse service to whoever they choose, too. For whatever reason. I just wouldn't because it's stupid. This guy lost his job though. Not surprised.
It sounds callous but the second you wipe out that sort of debt, you create issues. Yeah, the mega rich money lenders maybe can't buy another ivory back scratcher but was it not **their** money? So, we just say "you know what, you have enough. You don't get that money back"? Then you're going to have a LOT of issues with people loaning money to students. If I think the government may come along and just essentially hand my money over to you with no chance of payback, I'm just not going to do it. Suddenly, you have people who just aren't going to college anymore in a world that nearly requires it.
I last talked to my brother 7 years ago for 2 days because our mother died. Before that it was 4 years. I know where he works.
Suuuuuper confused as I didn't know it was a dog until I had to look at the picture.
To be fair, it was written for Him.
Disney even had a thing where they wouldn't put sequels in theaters. Always direct to video.
&gt; I have the power of god and anime on my side Dear God am I thankful that my stupidity was limited to just my social circle and, at worst, my high school.
HA HA! It's funny because it's a small third world country! As someone living here, I assure you this is not funny or humorous at all.
I am going to send you an e-hug instead because it seems like you're having a bad day too. I hope it gets better for you.
No matter what they do, no matter what they try to do to avoid it, every time they put on a sock, they immediately step in a small puddle and their sock is wet all day. Change socks? Immediately another puddle.
WTF! I came too late (that's what she never said). I always give this answer when this is asked.
Safe, but worried. I am American living here.
They have elections coming up, too and this is absolutely politically motivated. They've only been attacking Police Officers over the past few years because they know that if they can scare off Police Officers, they can reign more terror on the people here. However, there's more people killed on mopeds than by suicide bombers every year. last year (or earlier this year, I forget) a woman tried to blow herself up and kill some police but she only injured like 1 or 2 only very mildly and just killed herself. Like "Congrats, you played yourself".
NO! I WAS HOPING HE WOULD BE BACK!
That... can't be legal right? I grew up in a tiny town and we had a volunteer fire station. They would go around once a year asking for donations. Rumor was that if you didn't donate, maybe they don't get there in time to save your house. If you donated, maybe they get there faster. Maybe your family photos get saved.
o.O dude, the average US salary is 56k a year. I was making that tax free. Remotely. In a country where you can get a huge sandwich, chips, drink, and dessert (fast food) for like $4 and it'll feed you and 2 other people.
I didn't work for them. I worked for another company, not sure if I can mention them here though they've changed names a couple times since then I think. It wasn't even as in depth as this article probably is. It was just writing those "Top 20 Places to grab a hamburger. Number 7 is out of this world" type. The clickbait shit you see at the bottom of pages. I could work as much or little as I wanted. There were people making some crazy money as they would work 80 hours a week and could bang one out every 40-45 minutes. I was on disability and this was under the table so I was all for it. Then, they changed things around and split us into groups doing different types of stuff. Then it was $15 an article and then it was $15 an article but you could only write 10 a week but you could earn bonuses if it did well up to $100 an article if it was super popular (that was only done twice in 4 months, neither by me). Then the company changed owners and names and they changed things up again and I'd found an actual job so I didn't write as often. Eventually I just stopped. It was a lot of dignity to swallow to write that click bait shit but it paid well.
The Company was based in the US but we had people everywhere. I'm from the US but am in Tunisia now. We had people in the US, Canada, Europe, and South America.
Or he knows that they're just playing it up and is just having fun.
Why are you stalking me so much? Seriously man. Are you infatuated with me or did I upset you or something?
Not good. It was like watching paint dry. Turns out, people like bitchy people and people clashing.
"I'm puddin shug" - Nancy Gribble
Jesus Christ, I've not had Panda Express but this sounds like 4-5 meals worth of food.
The hardest thing I had to do was be with my cat. She was 16 and just had numerous issues. I am not much of a crying guy. Takes a lot to get me there. I was like a baby. Even the vet assistant broke down. Watching this huge bearded dude sit in a corner for 15 minutes losing his shit over his cat got to her too, I think.
As an American living here 5 years, I love the place. I shit on specific people though; Not the country itself.
Sweet, I have a level 4 friendship!
When i asked and they said "Yes" I was VERY much questioning it too but damned if they didn't do it. I sound like a shill but not only did they do it, we had to completely change venues and all sorts of shit like just days before and they were very co-operative. If I'm still around in July at my work, I'm going to try to make sure they cater again.
Tried to get her Husband in trouble or the MP because, most likely if Her Husbands CO heard about this, it didn't go well for Him.
Gonna admit to being a little stupid and not thinking of that.
Yes. I'm a supervisor and I have supervisors that I'm going to need to explain why the fuck I'm 2 hours late for.
Absolutely this. I pay for my phone. If they're trying to monetize the phones, I expect cheaper fucking phones.
512GB!? Holy shit. I was bragging about my 128gb after moving up from 32.
Is it gay, if it's for $600k?
Which means she's very well educated in that one thing.
I would always go to the Shelby DMV when I lived in Charlotte. Went to the Charlotte one and it was going to be 3 hours. Drove 30 minutes to Shelby, did it in 30, drove back.
As someone who has acquaintances caught up in this bullshit, it terrifies Me. As someone who lives between two unstable as fuck countries, it terrifies Me more.
The fuck does that mean?! *User was banned for this comment*
more /r/expectedpawnee
So if you save this in reddit app, it posts the name of the sub on the damned picture. Anyone have a direct link to it as reddit app won't do that. Can't have "fuck" on my wallpaper at work.
Oh man, thank you so much.
If given the choice, would you have added any more episodes to the season? It seemed to end very... abruptly.
The Netflix effect. Netflix has new shows coming out all time. Not in seasons. There is no more "season" to watch TV as people are watching more and more of it. I wish they would also allow more time for development. Don't give up on shows so quickly and let them build fan bases.
I was assuming humans were in everything, honestly.
24 inches long or wide? You know what, props to my son either way. Buy 2.
Even knowing how he does it, he's really good. Could barely see the hand switches.
LOL Not Automoderator. MediaSourceBot. Media Source Bot is a bot that can look at a picture and give the episode and what time in the episode the picture is happening. You're all good on approval :)
See, this is the problem we have in our country. It's such a us vs. them mentality. As a liberal, I don't like these guys either. Stop saying "The left Redditors". Stop trying to divide the country.
Man, this super sucks but at the same time, good. He's done so much for our team and I've been saying for 2 years now he needs to stop playing. Football isn't worth sacrificing everything for. Just glad I got to match a master play.
I wish he could stay but it's just football. He has to think of his future. Just still super sucks.
Soon as I heard him mention military, I immediately knew why he didn't kill them. If no military training, 9 out of 10 times, this kid is dead.
I check them but, like you, if it sounds ticky tacky or something, I ignore it. I look fire repetitive words in good and bad reviews.
Some people actually do. I pay taxes but also give to charities and people on the street when I can. There are some regulars where I live that beg and I hit them up with a 5 (one woman a 10) when I see them and have the cash on Me.
I work surrounded by marines and military.
Wait, is that going to be on Netflix? Old or New?
I don't get this reference or why she is the reason for this.
Note: Candle doesn't actually smell like pussy
Maybe phone is too old? It works fine for me. Samsung A50.
Waiting for The Good Place to finish them going to binge it.
Holy shit, I got this the other day but just now really listening. This shit is fire. Yah Yah is my favorite at the moment. Love the surprise of the release too. This seems to be a trend and I'm digging it.
I don't know MMA and thought those punches looked weird at if he was just trying to land a hit but only for show almost. Not to actually hurt.
Mexico.
["$1.49? But the price is on the can though"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMUZ2sVjLfY)
Well, almost done.
Lol markings. They're on the road to mark lanes. Those are ignored, too.
I'd just simply tell them that unless they're willing to pitch in, his choice of car is of no concern to them.
What a tragedy. I used to really like his content and was subbed to his YouTube and everything then just, he seemed to start going downard and then it, apparently, affected his marriage and the content got worse and worse and now, I'm unsubbed from both YouTube and Twitter.
I used to have this but my job requires speaking to people I know, know well, or are just complete strangers. I figure "They probably want this phone call as much as I want to make it so I'm going to make this short as fuck".
I'm not sure but I'm pretty sure it would be a-maiz-ing.
NEVER neglect the social tree. No matter the RPG, you can talk, lie, or intimidate your way out of anything.
As long as he still does his job, couldn't give a shit about a judgy chef.
Jesus, Reddit is filled with armchair psychiatrists.
Me too. I lived in fucking Gastonia, NC (the part of NC you race through to avoid) in a small 2 bedroom apartment and it was $800 a month. Unless the toilet is in the Kitchen/Living Room/Bedroom, you're not getting anything for $500.
My Dude! Thank you so much. I had to follow a little different steps but this definitely got me in the very close proximity. All fixed. Thank you :)
o.O Only time my bank ever said anything to me was when I withdrew over 5k and that was just to sign papers.
Abolish the position
If you need some tips, let me know. I'm going through this campaign now (first time DM) and having a blast.
Yes, but the person who is suing would have to get it replaced. Or have it replaced before suing to get the money back.
I'd name my non-existent child after Him.
Can you? Yes. Will you be given it? Very unlikely.
You have to manually ban them. In the "Moderator Tools" box on the right click "Ban Users". Click that and add them manually.
Their name still shows up chatting or old chat? When you ban you can select to delete all their messages. Make sure you open the chat and ban them there. If it doesn't work, unban them from the sub, ban them in chat, then ban them in the sub.
/r/askreddit was HORRIBLE "What were you doing when you heard Kobe died?" and "What was your favorite Kobe highlight?", etc etc.
Trump Today: John Bolton, never met the guy. Not sure why he says we've met. He plays a mean sazxaphone but I don't know the guy. There's a picture of us together, I took a lot of picture. Lots. Never met Him. This is fake news again. The Lame Stream Media, fake news. Never met Bolton.
I liked my job. To work OT or harder was something I enjoyed. Pick up someone's slack and do their job? Okay, I loved it, so why not? Because I'm getting fired and it was for naught, that's why. :(
This is Cams last year. We'll bring in talent. Rhule will be glad to spend all Teps cash.
However, what if you want to read it again? Checkmate Atheists!
~S~T~R~A~I~G~H~T~
Hate
Maybe list other games you enjoy that you think falls into the catagory as this game.
So we just have more soft shell crabs, what's the big whoop? I say they are tastier anyways.
Comment removed. Just a heads up that we don't tolerate being this rude to people here. Not worth a ban, but please be kinder.
Your car keys have traveled more distance than your car.
Remember when Super Bowl Commercials used to come on, during the Super Bowl?
Tunisia
I remember when I was a fucking BOSS in the very first Call of Duty. I had 10+ hours a day to play. Now, I get a few hours a week... A WEEK... to play anything. So I just get on single player games or Rocket League where I can be shit and be carried a lot easier.
\*meow*
Oh I've seen this action (sort of) in myself. This is a woman with an eating disorder.
Call a Tunisian Araba and watch them lose their shit. They prefer Berber.
There is a print shop that does exactly this at Tunisian mall.
I will give my two cents, as an outsider. A lot of Tunisians don't like the way the country is ran. There are a lot of old and outdated believes and old and outdated people trying to dictate how things should be. They want the freedom that they see in Western Movies but the powers-that-be try to stiffle that. The young people see the country and its leaders abandoning them so, they abandon their country and leaders. This is all stuff I've been told by Tunisians. They want a new way to live, new freedoms, they don't think they can get that here.
Dude, you know how much money they make from this? It's what is keeping them afloat and why you can mail a letter from doorstep to doorstep clear across a country the size of the United States.
When will this charade be over? They're not going to impeach him. Nor should they. Don't make a fucking martyr of The Orange One. Vote his ass out.
You guys are SUPER racist to Asians and I still don't know why.
Yep, still waiting
&gt; For them they always held USA as a model and never thought about seeing a protest in the dream land. Really? 1992 Rodney King riots. 1965 Watts Riots. These were huge. I really recommend everyone looks these up. &gt;Finally, the USA is a beautiful country. Please make sure to keep it beautiful. It is beautiful. The people of the US are like the people of Tunisia. Loving, caring, and giving. Just like any country, you have assholes, racists, and opportunists. I'm ashamed of how my country is with the racism but I'm glad to be American. I think we have a great country but in 2016, the idiots and assholes spoke and voted in their leader. Hopefully in 2020, we come to our fucking senses and vote out President Cheeto.
"not about race" uses "white boy".
Samuel L Jackson is back!
My boycott of Ubisoft will continue.
It's nice to read some good news time to time. Or if you're Floyd Mayweather it would probably just be nice to be able to read.
Perfect vantage point to start raining down piss balloons.
Thank you for the deep thought and provoking conversation.
But do you think that without the 2nd amendment the other option is slavery though? That seems like a huge leap. I'm starting to agree that it's key to actually defending yourselves after seeing that people are protecting businesses (theirs and others) but I don't see how it's either "Give us our second amendment or we all become slaves".
&gt; What about if you didn't need or deserve it a week ago, but now rioters and looters are walking down your street? Not time to go reapply. I want to thank you for the extensive reply. This is a very good point and I thank you for making it. &gt;What if the people put in charge of deciding are now the very reason you need it? An even better point. Never thought of it quite like that.
Thank you for the reply. That video is probably the one I saw and it was the one that has started me rethinking my stance, actually. Seeing that in action, really makes you think "Shit, that could have gone really bad".
How can Microsoft affect change? They are a company. They are trying to promote black programmers for games as that is what is in their power to do.
Three. That's as far up as he's capable of counting
Shit, I'll do it, too.
No, just pissed me off especially tonight.
It is not. It's in La Soukra, the new MG and Monoprix area.
* Nope * Nope * Nope * Nope * Nope Sincerely, Politicians, police force, anyone who has power. \#BlackLivesAreSeenAsExpendable
I loved the new "I GOT A NEW XBOX!... OH FUCK!" then the immediate 90 degree turn to find another way out.
It's lamb.
We need to REALLY focus training on deescalation.
I just get everything from gamepass or expect it to be there. Waiting for thief simulator and/or House flipper.
Waiting for steam as there are 2 I want
I like them! We could put frilly toothpicks in them and start a club.
Disco. I marched in 2 marches in my states capital years back for marriage equality (well before legal mind you). I'm a straight guy who was just trying to do what I could for equality.
Their investors got exactly what they deserved.
I have someone who was my former boss that did this. He loved trying to catch people in lies too. He kept trying with me but I don't lie so, was difficult to do. Eventually I asked him (because he'd share "great" stories about how he caught other lying to him) "Do you really just like trying to catch people lying? It seems like you like doing that more than anything". His interactions with me fell off pretty sharply after that. Even when he wasn't my boss he tried to "catch" Me. I was talking to him randomly and told Him I had to work until 6pm (instead of getting off at 4). At 4:15 I was like "Fuck it, I'm not going to be done at 6 anyways" so I just left. The next day He came to me all "People saw you leave early! You lied!" and just basically went walking off while I was like "What?". Went and told my supervisor I was lying about my hours. I told him later "Dude, why would I lie about that? You can literally check the book at when I signed out so why would I care to lie? Also, why would I lie to you? You're not my boss and I don't get paid for working until 6 anyways so what benefit do I get from lying about that?". He loves tearing people down. Damn near lives for it I think.
Exactly this. The ones we got weren't even open on the tips, you had to snip them. I like that as you may want something that lets out a little sauce as opposed to a "flood".
Steak can be fine. Anything else, no.
I missed the event, is there a recording anywhere?
I checked YouTube and didn't see anything.
Give it a few weeks. We'll move on and the Police will continue to murder black people freely.
First off, fuck you, you don't know me. Second off, brb, gotta take the trash downstairs.
Funny, just saw this and this is the episode on right now
Exactly this. They know they are immune. They can be filmed because they don't care. Who are you going to report them to? They live a life free of consequence.
&gt; “The man of the house should always eat last.” Shit, I live by the Chris Rock adage of if I'm working damned hard, I just want the big piece of chicken. I don't care if it's first, last, whatever.
Even in my infancy of dating I didn't do this shit. If I asked a girl out and she said No, I just simply moved on. Had a girl actually tell me "I thought you'd ask again". Like, fuck that. I ask once.
Which is why they question gaps on resumes.
I'm just shocked so many people know Tunisia exists. 42%! I was like "Yeah, these couldn't have been Americans".
I wish Tunisia would make the switch as I'm just fucking lazy and can't learn Tunisian :P My French sucks but I can understand it if people don't talk at 300 words a second.
"Why does A&amp;E always have The First 48 on marathon? Do this many people actually watch it?" Apparently, yes. I watch it when I see it's on. Also, Forensic Files is on YouTube in full episodes and free and it's amazing.
Jesus Christ, wasn't the last one like 80? Even with the "updated" amounts of like 55GB, what the FUCK is it adding to the game?
Okay, so, I'm a little guilty of this. I'll say that I'm really shocked that my Wife knows as much American TV (Especially older shows) as she does. That's not arrogance as much as why would that show be popular outside of the US!? It's not like I was shocked she knew The Simpsons. That's a worldwide phenom show but there's some pretty obscure stuff that I didn't think would have an audience outside of America that she watched as a kid. Duck Tales, Chip 'N Dale, Animaniacs, etc.
Typically, we travel in the US. Traveling to Europe can take 10+ hours just from the east coast. Not so much for all of Europe. So most stay in the US. We have a huge country and a lot of it to see. Other large nations like The soviet union or Canada have such small areas that are habitable.
Mines a pyramid because it's the only shape that fit all the other shapes inside it.
It should have updated automatically. Mine did.
Hulu. Didn't have to record mine. Just searched.
This is a southern US thing too. You have to keep asking. First time someone says no, second they say no, third time you're supposed to say Yes if you want it. Third no, you can stop.
Military?
**Star Wars Episode 1** - I watched this when it originally came out but I didn't recall it and I'm not sure I watched *all* of it but I wanted to watch it again and wanted to watch the entire series, actually. I really enjoyed it and maybe because I don't know the entire series (I'm 42, I just never got into them) I really enjoyed it. **Star Wars Episode 2** - Watched this the next day (again, i'm going through the series) and it was a little slow paced but I knew it was building to something. **Star Wars Episode 3** - I didn't know anything about this except the obvious but HOLY SHIT it go super super dark at the end and the ending was awesome. **Treasure Island** - This is the old version and really was more the wife watching it as I was tired and despite watching about 75%, i fell asleep a few times.
I am 42 and literally born a few months after Episode 4 came out. My brother was huge into Star Wars but I never got into it. Not when 5 or 6 came out, not when Episode 1-3 came out, not when 7-9 came out, ever. I decided that now that I have Disney+ I'm going to watch them all and frankly, Episode 1 was okay but Episode 2 and 3 were really good. 2 Felt like it was a little slow but I knew it was building something for Episode 3 and the ending to Episode 3, holy god. Like, I knew what it was going to be and where it was heading but CHILDREN!? That shit got WAY darker than I thought it would. I really enjoyed that aspect. I'm set to watch episode 4-6 now and then will finish 7-9 this weekend possibly.
Hi, /u/ppmaks Thank you for participating in r/facepalm. Unfortunately, your submission was removed for breaking the following rule(s): ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ It looks like you had some difficulty covering the personal information. [We have a tutorial so that next time will be easier](http://www.reddit.com/r/facepalm/comments/263mkk/tutorial_update_instead_of_picking_up_a_paint/) Please censor all personal information (usernames, real names, profile pics, location data, etc) and post again. ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Reposting posts removed by a moderator without express permission is not allowed. Not here, and not on most of reddit. Please read reddiquette (linked below). For questions, comments and concerns, [message the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/facepalm) [Reddiquette](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette) | [New to Reddit?](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddit101) | [Reddit's Content Policy](https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/)
Ah, UK. I've seen it frequently in US Netflix.
Holy hell, how did this get green lit?
I pick this up a LOT in shows like this. It's a poor job at sound mixing. They'll not pick something up or need to spice it up and Gordon will re-record something or just record something period, in a sound studio and they add it later.
Waiting for game pass.
And she showed her, her ID worked with the copier to make copies so like, that's a horrible ruse to steal office supplies. Or the best because, who the fuck would suspect that? Other than the racist white woman in the article.
Well, I have VIII, XI, XIV and XV on PC. XIV, XV, and now IX on XBox one. Was hoping to get VIII on XBox because that's the wife's favorite. Outer Worlds was amazing though. How did you beat that in under 20 hours? Took me like 35-40 and I felt like I missed a good bit.
I left around 2004 so vape wasn't a thing then. Forgot that the other end of town had all the tattoo parlors. Those were much closer to base.
Some of the best sex is in complete darkness. Gotta use the hands more.
I do this with mothers day. I miss my mother who died almost 8 years agony but I take the time to reflect on great times we had together and make sure I'm living a life she would be proud of.
Twitter, like reddit and Facebook, is what you make of it.
She was good in The Good Place but I find her a bit insufferable. I followed her on Twitter for a while and she's really grating in heavy doses.
I woulda touched her across the head. I'll do the jail time.
Then why get a bird? Like, are the people stupid?
Uhhhhhh
No. I'm married. Before then when just dating, I only slept with people I was in a committed relationship with and they were on the pill.
2.5 years so far. At work I am a good guy to know by everyone. However, everyone leaves after 2 years, sometimes 3. I can't remember 400+ names so I pretty much use generic greetings. They'll greet me by name. It's embarrassing.
Did it fix the problem? I am having trouble too.
Thankfully I am married now to a woman who is awesome so, I consider it a price well paid.
I finally did find a magnet and it worked but it's incredibly slow. It's going to take a long time but I assume that the 5.5 days it's showing now will shrink rapidly as more get it. I, along with others here, have thrown it onto high speed seedboxes so the data will be coming faster as the days go along.
Hey, so wanted to give you a heads up, this has a lot of victims information too. Like, ones that were sexually assaulted and such including their phone numbers, addresses, all that. I'm going to stop sharing this and I think you should reconsider sharing it too.
Oh I fucking teared up. I had a cat for 16 years and had to put her down. That was the first thing I thought of.
I didn't know you could do it either until the Mrs started doing it.
Was wondering where In Real Life was exactly located.
A lot of things could work like that but it doesn't. Madden is going to be shit until EA decides otherwise.
A stranger handed it to her, then she blacked out and shouted racist shit and that she's not really racist and then sat in the back of a strangers truck with other people shouting racist stuff and also waiving confederate flags but, dude, lets be honest, how was she supposed to know what she was doing?
Awesome, thank you for the recommendation.
It has Tunisian mods you goof. Also, I live here (6 years), I work here (2+ years), I'm married to a Tunisian.
We try to get new mods from time to time but there is a serious lack of volunteers.
I'm not Tunisian but I do live here, work here, married to a Tunisian and have no intentions of leaving any time soon. I'd be glad to step down if we could get some more that are active. We had a fresh batch of mods about 1.5 years ago and really only 2 have been even remotely active. I'm on more than the rest so it looks like I'm "ruling" the sub. I'm keeping away scammers and shit posts. The post this OP is talking about is a discussion that has been posted dozens of times before and usually deteriorates into people just arguing and calling each other names. So, I locked it before it go to that.
I am a Democrat. However, I never removed anything here but stuff that was insults or calling for violence. I believe everyone has their right to their own viewpoints, regardless of if I agree with them or not. A mod who mods correctly, doesn't use "remove" option as a super downvote. I used it to remove content that didn't belong. I banned scammers and spammers or people who just didn't abide by the civility rule. Why is he angry? I don't know. Not my issue anymore :) What he meant by American lens, IDK. Stuff that I didn't understand, I asked a Tunisian about to get clarification before removing it or having them remove it.
I used to live in Lac 2 (before it exploded in population) and someone I was talking to described it perfectly. "Plastic". Everything seems so fake and after hearing that, I saw it. It didn't look Tunisian. Having been to a lot of places here in Tunisia, it looks like what a Tunisian thinks Western Civilization looks like but they've only read about it and not actually seen pictures of it. So few actual Tunisians live there (Mostly Libyans renting) and the ones that do are filthy rich. There's cafes and shopping. That's it. There's no culture, no richness of Tunisia. It's a great place to visit, horrible place to live.
I love the rubegoldberg direction the sub has taken recently with these
This is a weirdly specific rap genre that has me intrigued. Got any samples of your work?
Cnbc has a video up on YouTube about this. Check it out.
