I'll be honest. That was fairly benign shoulder on shoulder. I think it's purely the bad rep that got him the match penalty. Dumb call by the ref.
Fort Never lose
It is cap circumvention.
FMC and Orangists appeal broadly to independents, small parties, and members of larger parties who are dissatisfied with the direction their party is going or taking the nation. We are also the most open and transparent parties who tend to value honesty and democracy more than a strict adherence to party ideology.
how much?
Matthews gets 11 MArner 9. Enjoy signing 10 guys on 10 mil and being competitive.
it kinda was actually. Watch the film, they didn't give up chances.
Right, but Gardiner leaves after this season... As do other key pieces if you can't sign them.
Yes Letang Johnson and Maatta are the same as Reilly Hainsley and Dermott 2 of who are not under contract next year.
Hainsley (who you by no means should sign) leaving leaves a hole. Zaitsev is good but the bottom of that side will be worse off. I agree Dermott can step in but how much does he cost? How much do you have to pay him at that point?
sorry meant gardner not reilly. I mixed two arguments up. Reilly is good but not Letang. Gardner will likely walk
7 million always felt like the value of Nylander and the reasonably place to make a deal. 6.98 is great and I imagine the .02 off the top is because Toronto refused to do more than 7 million for media purposes.
Sbisa
&gt;I think he won and the Leafs didn't lose if that makes sense. It makes sense and I agree. I think the 6.98 was because Leafs could not go to 7 and win in the media. The Nylander fair value is 7-7.5. In some sense this is still a discount for Toronto but a super small one. &gt; also receiving less salary in the later years of the deal, making him more tradeable if it does come to that at some point I think it's likely he is traded at some point. And on your last point. Nylander probably proves himself worth 8 mil.
Nice
We didn't disagree. Good news is, he barely plays.
https://twitter.com/IslesRW/status/1069010089309290496 Best I got
I hate the rags so I'd just become a jersey fan
Sorry, 50 *American* cents
Yeah no 100% right there. We have no other rivalry like ours but you have 12
Yeah but we wo. What 11 out if the last 13 against you. Were getting one first Btw this is just proof we are rivals
Why should i watch tavares, scrub was the first one golfing when we made the playoffs the years ago Watch Lee and EFLWASFRDPESJDPB
Yeah but at least we're positioned to make the playoffs. Enjoy the rebuild. Hey feel free to send us hank so he can have one last run at the cup
She won some serious hardware as well iirc. She was a phenom talent when she joined Harvard University. Someone else mentioned her brother. I'd say he's second fiddle to her, she's Amanda kessel but her brothers a scrub
This and she's an amazing analyst
tie it to the railroad tracks around the base
I miss Grabovski
the Seattle Shotguns
Both Nassau and BC are on LI technically. but NVMC is truly in the heart of LI. There is a new arena being built at Belmont about 5-10 miles away from the old stadium sort of in between the two current ones, though a bit closer to NVMC. BC doesn't want the Islanders and honestly would dump them in a heart beat if they could. Islanders and fans don't want BC either. That place is shit. The 21 games probably gets increased a bit but comes from BC and the League wanting the Islanders in a larger arena for games where they can make more money.
Not yet they aren't
Let's not do this again ok? They gave him the C he either is here or he isn't next year. Let's just enjoy the crazy wild ride. E: and I'll add if he does leave we have the perfect captain in Bailey.
That is an old time hockey fight with the dancing before the erm dancing... I have not seen a fight that good in years.
I feel like he just ignored that game because of the win against Detroit. Also we almost stole a point from Winnipeg and have a game in hand against the rags. We also have 20 home games this season still to play in NVMC so our 7-4-2 home record is only getting better.
or the joke of a front office that was the Garth Snow era. Granted Snow did draft him and also granted he usually was behind Tavares and the revolving door of wingers he had... I'm willing to bet most people don't know who Josh Bailey or Brock Nelson are either yet they are staples to our team.
Hi, I'm Kenlane. You may know me from such hits as [POG the early years](https://sites.google.com/view/democracivpog/home), [Kenlane PI](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qTy3EPX5dPiCh04vdLk4jzBLmIqw6jfAuwDV131TLYI/edit), and [Why our legislature is shit -- a story of throwing stones from the outside](https://imgur.com/a/N5RTeZU). But today I am here to talk about a more serious issue, ministry defeatism. It is simply not high enough, as your Minister I will do everything in my power to *lose the game* based on current laws and bureaucracy. I will ensure that every minister is fully aware of the worst course of action by advocating for it vocally. I will step aside from my FMC role and formally work with the Orangists to highlight well... I don't know actually. BUT you will always be able to ping me, rely on mre, and trust me ***not to nuke whales*** ;) Minister now, me minister, minister me now.
13 for 90+ this year? we're shit on the PP we need to decline penalties
At this point in the game it's a good penalty to take if it is offsetting. Lepuntang was being a royal SOB all game. Clutter was trying to take each off to while giving some energy to a team that needed it. Cheap shot, you bet your ass it was, but it wasn't as dumb as it looks out of context. Frankly if the PP was worth it's weight in cat piss this game would have been in the bag.
so they get like a beer and popcorn when the people come around?
&gt; when the puck disappears into the defensive end for minutes at a time! owie
It's not a home arena
January 1st: Dropkick Murphys because Boston and the Irish. To beat the cold, god help me I'm saying this... we will be building the worlds largest Chicago style pizza In fact the entire stadium will be the pizza and you will have to eat your way to the seat to see the game. January 25th: Dropkick Murphys because fuck you California I'm not picking any of your shitty bands. They will be followed up by Donald Trump announcing his bid for 2020 co-sponsored by the NRA who will be giving our free rifles. I can't stress this enough, I fucking hate California and LA in particular. I get SJ is not LA and I wouldn't be surprised if some people there actually like this, that is all the more motivation to do it. Fuck you LA fall off into the pacific already. February 23rd: The IASIP gang host the performances and in true Philadelphia fashion nobody on stage is anybody you've ever heard of, they each get about 15 minutes and between them IASIP cast just drunkenly does their thing. Danny Devito is dressed up like Sydney Crosby... why? I don't know it will make sense to the plot. As Philadelphia is allowed out onto the ice the gang will assault them and throw shit on them. Now I don't hate Philadelphia, but that's just pretty philly-esque. Also we make the worlds largest cheese steak in there because I like cheese steaks.
I just really hate LA, partially because any time I go there it's dirty hot and smells bad, partially because I have a terrible ex from there, and frankly I just hate the people there. Fucking smug ass wanna be Hollywood types drinking their gourmet coffee with their perfect green valley lawns in the middle of a fucking desert. Like seriously all of southern California should just be nuked and quarantined off, maybe escape from LA style. I do like the Bill Burr idea though, perhaps he can do live color commentary for the game.
#\#TooBigToFail
What the hell are you smoking... Ovi's contract is up in 2021 he will be 35+ at that point... Why?
Hi Arch! Big fan of your work. If we made you dictator how would you win the game?
Minister candidate Kenlane here, not quite but since we removed the requirement to post in here people don't debate. It is very sad but I have no intention of fixing it my friend.
Don't write checks your ass can't cash!
[I will update this excel sheet periodically](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uC7UosA-9_-w2c-p75gha0YuSljxiksv1neqrdmW70s/edit?usp=sharing)
I didn't specify for a reason. There is also a reason that 1 was good in question 1 and 10 was good in question 2.
I agree with not starting Ho-Sang. Unless he is playing in the top 6 with skilled guys who can finish it won't help him or make him look good.
there are analytics people who claim it but I'm not a big analytics guy.
I wonder if we need some sort of poll for this???
OMG CHARGE YOUR DAMN PHONE
&gt;In the last six weeks, a few scouts have started to take notice of the tall, slender kid who’s been centering the No. 1 line the last half a dozen games. Otto Koivula doesn’t have the puck wizardry of Josh Ho-Sang nor the weighty expectations of Michael Dal Colle, but it was Koivula, a wing for his entire playing life in Finland, whom Sound Tigers coach Brent Thompson felt could handle the middle between those two former first-round picks — at least until Ho-Sang got the call to the Islanders a week ago. &gt;Koivula was rookie of the year and the top rookie scorer. As a 19-year-old, he was 9-18-27 in 53 games for an Ilves team that missed the playoffs, but his two-year totals put him in some decent company for Finnish players who have made their marks in the NHL, as this chart from Islanders analytics blogger Travis Flynn shows. https://twitter.com/NDRedEagle/status/1070003069679677441 . . . &gt;“I’ve been really impressed with Otto as far as his down-low play, his awareness, his play away from the puck,” Thompson said. “That’s what kind of inspired me to put him in the middle because he was winning wall battles, he wasn’t just throwing things away where early in the year he was a little cautious, playing safe. Now you see a different guy.”
I don't disagree with you. Full disclosure I think Pelech is the slightly better D man but in a 6/7 scenario both work.
&gt;I think Shannon will undoubtedly interview him between periods. No way would he agree, not after Stan gave it to him on July 1. My guess is they play some pre-game clips of him talking about how hard the decision was to leave.
&gt; "WE DONT NEED YOU" If we're up at the end of the game that is 100% what should be done.
[If I'm not mistaken this is their normal airline](https://flightaware.com/live/fleet/SWQ) Nothing of interest there. Kid probably travels tonight-tomorrow or is legging it on commercial airline.
Sleezy Leezy knocking in the garbage
Yes, but like when the players union automatically appeals a suspension, even though it doesn't make sense and things are fair, the players union will still listen to the grievance because that is their job. Their job is to defend their players from management and the league, even if the management and the league are correct.
that's lame on rule 2... propane it is then.
I want a nice bottle of scotch and some cigars
I disagree, he filed for arbitration on July 5th only about a month after Lou came on board. I don't think Lou was super involved and the negotiations would have primarily been started with Snow who low balled him. Regardless we will know by Feb 25th
Good news is the Government shutdown will shutdown the SEC, so watch papa Musk on twitter to make some moves
Only half?!
If you mix 50% bacardi 151 (or Vodka) and 50% febreeze you can get any smell out.
Also would have taken care of all those unhappy travelers.
The only thing I regret is not getting scouty back in time for him to ride on the space ship.
They had Margaritas and Vodka and Karaoke. Admittedly the margaritas looked shitty and they were frozen variety so not the best.
Which party was the worst to be a member of? And why?
What Karma train?
If you were brought to court over being a serious judge how would you find yourself?
If Jesus were around they wouldn't need the wheel chair
I would like to remind people that downvoting is against the subreddit rules. Let's see how moderation handles this situation where there are 78% upvotes on OP and comments clearly downvoted below.
[Nothing to see here](https://twitter.com/AGrossNewsday/status/1078340402690883590)
&gt; I think he's been reasonable and fairly active. Of course a member of the celestial party feels that way! He has been fairly active though, I can't deny that. Personally I would prefer if we simply added another NA based mod, ideally not a dirty Canadian. I personally think Charlie often times, while not being explicitly biased, uses his authority and status as a moderator to give more weight to his positions. I think there is a strong consensus that while he is active often, there are instances where he probably should be far less visible. In general, I don't see him as a moderator first and foremost, I see him as a celest first and foremost and a moderator when it is convenient.
signed
No scoring means we demand they be traded and blame management. IF they score it is because they are strong leaders and good players and we demand a trade and blame management for their shitty situation.
They also brought in Vanek who walked, at great expense I might add. Okposo was there and producing and we let him walk and he fell apart. To be honest management did a good job of evaluating what talent around JT was worth keeping and what was not. They also developed talent in the org (Lee, Bailey, Hickey, Toews, Barzal, Ho-Sang, Pelech/Mayfield etc). I'm not sure what else they were supposed to do... Who should we have traded for an what would it cost?
his suspensions were deserved though. 1. [2 games for a charging hit that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9ZAvaL1MSc) 2010 2. Fight Night 2011 3. [Knee to knee hit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7V75J8WdAA) 2015 of those suspensions, they were all earned. The first and last arguably we've seen worse gotten away with and fight night was fight night.... I don't think he gets suspended again. Also you are right, during this time he lead the league with hits over 8 years... If you ignore the fight night suspension (circumstances matter here) he's got a pretty clean record. The knee on knee hit was a suspension but clearly not intended to injure, the charging hit was his worst offense in my opinion.
#\#UNLEASHED
[So you're saying I shouldn't have made this post](https://old.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/aanvgu/brendan_burke_throwing_gameday_shade/?) I'll await my downvotes and ban
what makes you think they are getting to the second round? Right now they have Buffalo in round 1 and could easily lose home ice before the end of the season
I welcome the downvotes, I expect it from this sub to be honest. We'll see tonight how it goes man.
Some of that ice time on LI was also on the PK. his 5v5 and 5v4 ice time are probably about the same meaning he should be scoring more.
let them downvote, we will post in the blues!
TIL Lisa is a leafs fan
&gt;No no you don't understand, your team sucks so you can't feel bad that JT left for the World's Greatest Hockey Franchise the Toronto Home of Canada and Saviour John Tavares Maple Leafs ^TM -leafs fans probably
Just for the record and future considerations, keep an eye on Ryan Pulock [he breaks glass and hit 105 mph in prospect camp in 2015](https://eyesonisles.com/2016/09/13/new-york-islanders-ryan-pulock-breaks-glass/). He is 24 (sorta new deman peak?) but that slapper will continue to mature over the next few years and if he makes an allstar game in the next 3 years look for him in the hardest shot contest.
devils fans already won today, my guess is they stay home but look for Pittsburgh fans to stir shit
STFU he's a RFA
happy cake day, and that's fair but realize that /r/leafs ~~/r/cucks~~ (sorry repeated myself) and /r/hockey will be here tonight watching. Terribly unrealistic dreams like this should be put on the back burner until tomorrow. Now if you had mentioned offer-sheeting him, I would be 100% on board.
Reminder: Report Leafs Fans, don't troll don't go to /r/leafs, just report them and let the mod team handle it.
MDC looks good, Toews looks good, what's not to like
Big PP, a goal here would be huge
yeah that was clearly a trip, sorry guys, you missed out on that one
I mean, that's part of building a team and not locking shit tons of cap up in 4 forwards (35+ mil by next year)
We've been told for 9 months we are useless without JT. We are allowed to have emotion in our first game against him after he walks.
Nelson and Ho-Sang working hard and looking good
Tavares doesn't fight
Like their GM
Sorry, was there some good you guys had this game, because if so I missed it.
ahhh gotcha, definitely some fan(atic)s as well downvoting for flair on both sides
Pajama boy?
New Coach Hangover (NCH) to answer your question. It takes time for the team to adjust to actual structure. Under Weight and Cappy before him it was a freewheeling team that played fast and didn't focus on structure or defense. Now under Trotz if you don'y play D you don't play. So that took maybe 20-25 games to really get adjusted to, and the adjustments will continue throughout the season. It is 100% possible they continue a bit into next year with new personnel replacing likely Eberle and a few others.
I agree completely. Look at the rags as an example, when they are loosing that stadium is pin drop quiet because it's owned by mostly rich pricks and corporations.
rags = rangers yes
[Meanwhile on the Isles Bench](https://twitter.com/eyesonislesFS/status/1079198918536253441)
[His best season? I don't think so](https://twitter.com/brendanmburke/status/1079049498826018818)
It's the Trotz system. Not to harp but it's a huge part of why we were all so confused and mad that JT left. He could have played on this team as a 1C/2C with Nelson and Barzal under a system where we are not giving up 5 goals per game. I get the argument he left for the team in Toronto but he failed to assess the management change I think as did most analysts. Most analysts and fans had us last in the division, but we aren't and won't be even without JT. That structure Trotz added and culture Lou added puts this team in the race immediately as a contended. Not in 5-10 years but this year we contend for a spot in the playoffs and likely next year a deep playoff run.
I actually like his lineup choices. He basically puts coachable guys (vets) in the lineup until the kids are ready to listen.
Next game is in NVMC... Good luck.
you guys would know after last week ;)
No clue if that is true, but it's not as unlikely as a lot of people think.
No I'm right there with you, but I would continue it further. We've one three and there is no reason to not win against Buffalo. I think if we lose in OT that is fine but we gotta be in that game competing to win. Lets say we win though, what then? Look at the schedule. Chicago, St Louis, Carolina, Rags, Rags, Tampa Bay. What game in there before TB are we expected to lose? If Trotz and Co. get this team moving night in and night out we could be riding a 9 game winning streak taking on TB... at home (well BC as much as that counts as home). Now I don't really expect us to be in that position but I think this next 2 weeks until Tampa should tell us about what this team is capable of. Dropping one in that stretch of 5 between Buffalo and TB is fine, so long as the team is in the game night in night out against teams that are lower in the standings. This was a huge problem in years past where we played to the team we were playing and so we dropped a lot of games against teams like Chicago who are near the bottom of the standings.
He looks like he's about to overload his programming
For a rags game at BC prices will always be high because its still cheaper than MSG for the Rags fans and not too far away. Really wish that game were in NVMC but what can you do.
I'm making some popcorn real fast
But Chia got an 8th Dman on another team which is top 4 in EDM and an ECHL guy who he can probably stick next to McDavid to get 20+ pts
What if they fire Chia and hire Milbury?
They still have that third, might as well double down and claim another move is incoming.
1. Rags 2. Crags (Toronto) 3. Pittsburgh 4. LA what a waste of a city 5. Tom Wilson
Average BC Attendance: 10476 Average NVMC Attendance: 13917 [source](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XcI283CKwIBV0uZwh4sMhzN8XbrChE7AU30WQ9cGDyM/edit?usp=sharing)
Once we beat them in the playoffs the salt and rivalry will flow.
I'll take the second bet, shot glasses are cheap and 2 buffalo ones would be a fine addition to my collection...
[I like it better like this](https://imgur.com/a/KnMW942)
Fuck off loser, we beat those Toronto POS 4-0. Enjoy your bottom 5 finish.
ouch, too far.
I don't disagree, I suspect that is why DAL is hosting it, they want that rivalry with one of those two big (Minnesota is big right??) market teams.
To be fair when I was there econ was almost exclusively taught at 8 am. I only learned the bare minimum at that hour, it's like they are trying to keep this shit a secret.
LGI Also FIRST
&gt; Ho-Sang ~~17~~25g - 1a. &gt; &gt; 26 pts to match his number
Best way to kick off the new year is with a win tonight. Keeps the monkeys off their backs and moves us into 2019 and a playoff spot.
IT is still giving me updates just not on the store.
only time will tell
How many turns until Tulsa is in rebellion?
She played a great game, best one out there today easily.
&gt; most Americans. you mean a plurality of Americans. Hillary got 65 million votes, America has over 250 million eligible voters. No presidential election has had a voter turnout greater than 60% since 1968. The fact is, every president since god knows when has been elected by a plurality of Americans comprising at best 1/3 of the country.
I would like to keep my opening statement brief and purely related to the facts of the matter. On June 2nd 2019 High King Bob began a play session in which he intended to conduct a legal war with the Russian despot Peter. During this war Bob successfully captures the city of Tulsa. Upon capturing Tulsa on turn 115 we immediately lost influence with the city due to its proximity with the other Russian cities and due to a general lack of policies and governors to help increase our influence. On turn 119, a mere 4 turns later, the city of Tulsa revolted. In doing so they peacefully declared independence and established themselves as an independent city. Immediately after this High King Bob engaged the city with military force, enacting a state of war with them. This was is an illegal war as the Sorting had not given High King Bob authority to attack independent cities.
hickey can play both sides as a 7D. The depth should be Pulock Wilde Mayfield Boychuk in the not too distant future. Which yes, leaves Wilde as an odd man out who could be traded for help up front. Oddly our LHD are also quite stacked Leddy Toews Pelech Hickey Aho VDS Wortherspoon Again hickey moving to 7D territory you can still have Toes Pelech Aho and move 2 of Leddy/Wortherspoon/VDS and be good to go
I'm not totally sure I understand your question. Let me rephrase it before I answer it so that you know if I understand what you are asking. You are asking if the rebels showed any signs of aggression against Norway above standard levels of aggression for a city in rebellion? The answer to that is, no. Upon Rebellion the city raised 2 units for defense but never attacked nor moved toward Norwegian units.
In game no, in our legal code arguably. To the best of my knowledge an independent city in rebellion cannot conduct formal diplomacy. However, as Section 2 Paragraph 1 clause d of the constitution states, &gt;“The High King cannot choose any Technology, Civics, or Governments, nor declare war, without the approval of the Storting.” All in game options are capitalized as they should be, however 'declare war' as a phrase is not. I interpret this to mean that a declaration of war refers to an out of game legal action that must be approved by sorting for any act of war to take place. Furthermore, the legal code refers to 'spoils of war' as gold earned from pillaging tiles or conquering. This legal definition of spoils of war, I believe, expands the definition of war from a simple in game mechanic. The legal code here deals with finances and is paramount in separating the federal and state treasuries, something that is not an in game mechanic. In doing so the definition of war is made brought out of game. Any gold going to the treasury from this mechanism constitutes an act of war and any unprovoked act of war constitutes a declaration of war. This is not as clear cut as in-game versus out-of-game. We have a legal code that requires us to engage in diplomacy even if there is no in-game mechanic. For example, we could legally decide that a nation is our best friend or worst enemy without an in-game action taking place. Here the constitution leaves an ambiguous phrase of 'declare war' which your honor you must decide if it means that the sorting only has power over the literal in game mechanic or if it has power over procedure surrounding how in game mechanics are conducted. Should it be the former, several laws could be deemed unconstitutional as they legislate procedurally how the executive makes in game decisions, should it be the former then The High King is guilty of illegally conducting a war against Tulsa. Some definitions to keep in mind &gt;declare war on. Also, declare war against. Announce one's intent to suppress or eradicate something or someone. For example, The police have declared war on drug dealing in the neighborhood, or Several gangs have declared war against each other. and &gt;spoils-of-war. Noun. (plural only) Any profits extracted as the result of winning a waror other military activity.
a couple things. 1. what is a signature in democraciv? 2. let the court determine how long they have to pay the loan back. Someone might have a small loan that they can pay quickly, other loans might be quite large. 3. There is also the issue of what constitutes a contract. Do discussions in discord constitute a contract? Or does there have to be a formal document? What if the document is altered?
Certainly a senture and possibly a recommendation to impeach the high king should be on the table. Though I'm open to letting the court decide.
I would argue that the game does not prompt you to declare war because there is no diplomacy with rebelled cities. However, our constitution and laws often go beyond typical game mechanics. For instance we have created a mechanism for gold to 'belong' to states and provinces or the federal government which is not tracked independently in the game. When our constitution forbids the High King from declaring war it does so in a generic and broad way that should extend beyond the simple in game mechanic of declaring war. The reason this has to be true, in fact, is because in Civ 6 we have many types of war. So if the constitution is a literal document referring only to the in game act of declaring war the sorting would not be able to constitutionally tell the High King what type of war to declare. The High King could arguably declare a surprise war when they were only authorized for a war of liberation. This of course could lead to outstanding authorization for wars of liberation being abused by future high kings. If however the phrase in Section 2 Paragraph 1 clause d of the constitution states, &gt;“The High King cannot choose any Technology, Civics, or Governments, nor declare war, without the approval of the Storting.” goes beyond the simple in game mechanics then the sorting has the power that I believe this clause intended to give them. Not just the legal right to authorize war but to dictate how the war would be conducted and how it would be initiated.
&gt; the Tulsan Rebellion was not an isolated incident. The fact of the rebellion is inseparable from the war at hand with the Russian Enemy. This is entirely false as rebellions can happen in any city even during peace. &gt;The rebels behind this act of treasonous secession were not acting “independently” in an attempt to establish a Free City. They were Russian loyalists who acted with the sole intention of sabotaging the Occupation, undermining the war effort, and sewing discontent among an already fracturous Norwegian populous. Again, wrong. These were conquered peoples and none were or are ethnically Norwegian to my knowledge. &gt;Should the Tulsans have, of their own volition (or even at the behest of foreign loyalists), decided to declare independence from the Norwegian Empire during peacetime, it is unambiguously true that the initiation of aggressive action against the Free City would constitute an Act of War. But we were at peace with them prior to this. So clearly by your own reasoning we committed the fist act of war. We were never at war with the Tulsans but rather our war is with the Russians. And I am arguing in the best faith I can. Our constitution has a vague phrase that clearly lends itself to this interpretation. I'd be doing an injustice not to point it out.
&gt; In most cases, if you're using your phone at all, you're being disrespectful I've actually stopped golfing with some people because of this. I hate it when I'm trying to tee off and they want to show me some stupid song or youtube video. I couldn't take it. Golf is my time to disconnect and I don't even bring my phone onto the course unless I'm planning to video my swing, please don't be attached to yours.
If you don't mind my 110 and occasional extra ball, we're set. *I play bad golf but feel good* as Leslie Nielsen would say. And actually, some days it's not quite so bad.
I'm with RB on this one. /#EndPay4Play
Best we can do is Ladd and a 4th
Not all of them. We won mark 2 ( MK2 ) and 4 (wesgutt and myself won 4 in a possibly illegal marathon session). This mark is actually the first where we are playing civ6 and not 5. Naturally a lot of people don't know what's up and have little game experience. I'm not convinced we'll win .
Honestly the leafs are leaky as fuck. The zaitsev thing should not have leaked at all. Dubas is trying to play 4D chess with a checkers board.
Kadri is a 3C with suspension history. He's not getting a blue Chip prospect. A second and leddy, Maybe a first and beau is the best the leafs will get.
I don't think Leddy and a 2nd gets RNH. But I agree he would be preferred over MArner.
Brock Nelson shut down Crosby in the playoffs and had top line pairings all year. He's the 1C right now. Barzal is 2C. Kadri does not fit in beyond a 3C role. He would effectively replace Filpula. If Toronto wants a top 4 RHD, they can keep him.
Do they have italian subs in Ottawa?
yeah but we want our centers to play all their playoff games as well. Kadri would also be a 3C behind Nelosn and Barzal so bringing him in makes zero sense
Are we still talking about this? I thought the Islanders getting to the second round and Toronto getting bounced by Boston ended this whole thing?
He needs to change his name to Bob Brink
Bunt them over get one back with a fly.
But he's not wrong either, there are a lot of issues right now with the game. This is just the one that's bugging me this week.
I'm just glad he didn't bite on any more of the stuff outside. They had his number just didn't get him to bite.
2 guys on no outs... Might as well swing on the first pitch
That's piss poor managing of the base runners.
No excuses, this was a game lost by poor management
you're guaranteed one back if you just sac bunt and get to the top of the order. It's 3-1 at that point if you can get to the 8th 3-2 or maybe 3-3 you have a whole different ball game.
Excuse me, that guy was pushed...
Section 1 : relies heavily on me making inferences about what motivates people to vote. I will point out that democracorp being highly popular amongst people who remain could easily be a form of survival or selection bias. If you like buying votes you stuck around, if you didn't like the idea it could have driven you off. It would be almost impossible to prove this without a large scale poll conducted on people who quit democraciv this mark. I am completely for that poll being done, but it's way outside the realm of what I can realistically do without government or moderation support (because how else do I contact people who used to vote but don't anymore). I'll also point out that Section I, while largely dealing with inactivity, is written how it is to reflect on where in the actual gameplay we were at when participation hit these levels. Again while I can't prove people are put off by democracoin I do believe that ignoring democracoin as a potential cause, and pretending it absolutely cannot be to blame for our issues, is short sighted and irresponsible. Section 2: Yeah, we've had at this one pretty hard. My follow up to your comment is that the strategy about voting seems to lead to polarization of the base and a lack of cooperation when drafting bills. Back in Mark 2 when I was in the legislature I took pride in bridging gaps and making deals that worked for everybody. The same was true in Mark 3 (though admittedly I was a bit more polar there). It seems like nobody sits down and hashes out deals anymore, and I think a huge part of that comes back to what I said. Why hash out the deal when you can buy the votes? We could imagine a hypothetical bill where this is extremely bad for democraciv. Say a bill maybe preventing war crimes (we just had one no?). It could be largely supported by the community, some could support it for roleplay, others for gameplay reasons. However, if the minority who want to raze cities exert all their pressure on this bill using dcoin they can flip the vote effectively silencing the majority opinion. That is why I continually call Dcoin undemocratic. That would not be the Sorting representing the people. I get that this hasn't happened yet (so far as I can tell to this extremity at least) but the mechanism is there and ripe for exploitation. Also I believe this is the strongest presence DCorp has had, making this situation all the more dangerous. You can say that I'm playing a slippery slope argument but no. This is absolutely possible now, meaning this isn't an eventuality, it is the present we live in. Yeah, not sure what to do with abstention on their own. I will point out that in my opinion, those abstentions are a symptom of the type of party Dcorp is and a symptom of how their vote buying system functions and not a larger issue of their own.
&gt;This is just a bad reading of the situation, DCorp only got a meaningful share of the seats in the Storting this month. We started losing users long before due to a lot of different factors. Before this month Dcorps share of SA seats was just 1/9th. Democraciv always loses numbers and I'm sure DCorp is not the ***only*** reason we lost people. However, I do not see this as a complete misread of the situation. DCorp has been growing in number and popularity since long before the last election. Again, we can't say definitively why anybody left without an exit poll. Could be some people hated DCorp, others felt like the political process was broken, or even just they got busy. But to claim their presence does not hurt voter turnout or apathy also seems like a stretch. Your next few points call my arguments false, but you present no real counter argument. So I'll start by pointing out that 1 vote is by definition (or can be) a swing vote. If you are negotiating a bill that you know will fail by 1 vote, you can stop negotiating and buy that vote. So no, it is not false to say that vote selling, in any capacity, will allow a minority opinion to become law. &gt;the responsibility that they have as elected officials is to do what they were elected to do, which is vote accoring to the bids and being impartial in other issues (except the aforementioned ones that are harmful for the system). They also have a responsibility to fulfill their role under the constitution which involves writing and passing laws. Simply hiding behind the "I'm neutral unless I'm paid not to be" defense feels disingenuous. And while obstructionism is not forbidden by the constitution it certainly is the type of behavior that would lead one to be less invested and interested in how the government functions. Again supporting the idea that some voter drop off could be do to this obstructionist party that requires pay-for-play being represented in our government. &gt;Their constituents, who vote WILLINGLY for them know exactly what they are doing. They are being arguably coerced to vote for Dcorp.... Voting for dcorp gives you dcoins lets you buy dcorp votes. But that does not mean it is a good thing or in the voters own interest to vote for dcorp. Their options are be cut from the table entirely or be coerced to vote for dcorp in a 2/3 spot so that your most important issues you have a chance to win over. However, your most important issue may be nuking our own city (a wildly unpopular opinion) and you may still get Dcorp to vote for that and swing the vote from you and your one crazy pal to you both plus Dcorp. You're being told to do something because if you don't it will be worse for you than if you did it, in this case voting for Dcorp. Then when you do it you're being required to do more (pay) to get what you wanted, which is their votes. I don't think you are willingly voting for them when it is a vote forced by coercion and threats. This is ultimately why I don't think your later points are valid either. This isn't just defeatist it's defeatist where the party says vote for us or we might destroy the game entirely. The people can't not vote for Dcorp because that risks their income to bid on dcorp votes. If they do that they are automatically in a worse position. That is the very definition of coercion. I don't see how this is a gray area or blurry, it's absolutely black and white that telling people they need to get money by voting for you so that your eventual votes aren't used against them is threating the voters and a form of coercion. If you take the game theory approach DCorp has basically forced every voter to make them a top 3 vote because because failure to do so would mean your other votes for parties with platforms you support could be entirely for naught. It is in exactly this situation that we as a community need to stop and say no. &gt;Not really, if I'm a person that voted for someone that is not part of DCorp, I'm still getting my vote share, because my representative votes the way I want them to. If, on the other hand, I voted for DCorp, yes, my representative may not vote the way I want them to, but I'm fully aware of that when I vote for them and it's my choice to do so. Not all of Dcorp is elected on one vote one representative basis. Dcorp gets 2nd and 3rd votes to increase their representation. That increase means people who put dcorp as 2 or 3 will always get more representation than those who put them 4 or 5 based on how Dcorp's money system functions. &gt;Not really. What democracy requires is people having a RIGHT to an equal vote. If people decide to willingly renounce that right willingly, that doesn't make it less democratic. Again, if people renounce their vote through coercion it is not ok. &gt;Yes, because minorities can control a government that work's through majority rule. What you are trying to do is silence a minority that willingly vote for a party that you don't like. Not at all, I've highlighted here how a minority can control voting through Dcorp. It really is not hard to understand. Also, you absolutely should disclose you current holds a SA seat through Dcorp and point out your bias in this matter.
I praise your transparency and engagement with the voters. Thank you.
Mine varies by club but these all seem short
Well, I'm a about to. Otherwise it would be hard because we don't have statistics about people who have left. I've talked to a few former regulars however, they tend to agree Dcorp is not great for the game. They are split on what to do between a slight majority wanting to just leave and the rest thinking it's worth fighting to reform or other options.
I don't get this
It is the hatty against Tor for number 1 that makes this video
It is the insane amount of time that Nelson waits for that shot that gets me.
[Let's all take a moment to appreciate why the Islanders even have this guy](https://imgur.com/a/SvKFiJJ)
I feel the same way about Draisaitl
If I may be Frank, your Majesty?
&gt;Everyone still gets one vote. DCorp has no impact on elections. I want to address this. Everybody gets one vote yes, but your votes will not be represented the same in the government. This is not a controversial statement either. If DCorp sells a vote to a minority opinion that vote is not representing the majority of people who voted in the election. Vote buying cannot exist in a system that requires fair representation.
One period in the books. what a game
your one vote is your voice of expression in the government. If you allow vote buying game wide minority opinions may be expressed despite them garnering a minority of votes in the previous election. Furthermore this happens without representatives of the majority compromising or using it as leverage to achieve their own goals. So now a majority of people are stuck following a minority opinion and what their one vote would have gotten them, they now get nothing. Basically those with money can circumvent the idea whole idea of a representative democracy but cleverly cornering currency markets. How this is done is a bit more complicated but it's clear to me at least that using an exchangeable form of currency to buy votes will inherently create an imbalance in voter representation. That imbalance in representation is what undermines your right to suffrage and and representation as a citizen under our constitution.
I would like to add to my statement. There are some arguments that I have been fleshing out recently and some arguments I've been consulting with others on, I'm sorry this did not make the top comment but hopefully the court fully reads and considers these points. To start with, nothing requires the court to rule based on the constitution. The constitution clearly states that: &gt;The Judiciary shall consist of a Supreme Court, and other inferior courts created by the Storting. It is responsible for any disputes that may arise under this Constitution, statutes of the Law, controversies between the states, between the states and the Federal Government, or actions taken by government officials. I don't know how to expand on this, but clearly your job is to resolve issues in a larger manner than just a literal interpretation of the constitution. If you insist on a literal interpretation you are not required to rule on cases using only the constitution at all, as it literally does not say that. I also have not covered 'Freedom of Expression', but one could argue your vote is your expression of democracy. And if you need to have currency in DCorp to equally express your vote you do not have 'Freedom of Expression'. Any new person joining Democraciv would be inherently forced to close their DCoin gap before their voice could be heard equal to every other person.
So you are saying an elected official does not have the right to a fair impeachment proceeding?
1. Does DCorp knowingly sell government votes? 2. What is DCorps policy on voting when no bid has been made on a vote?
Are you saying that context does not matter?
what are you hiding?
If Lou were not shopping Leddy and Hickey that would be a surprise to me. We have D on D on D stacked up and ready to go. Pulock -- Pelech Leddy -- Boychuk Toews -- Mayfield Hickey -- ??? Aho -- Dobson and several other guys in the A knocking on the door.
Actually that would be incorrect. I have here the NA voting record for this supreme court and as you can see [DCorp did in fact vote in favor of every justice](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aZi-0v8nlJ8G2BorDizpKIhqdNeq06qjx3KCpDtzJIg/edit#gid=1840070254). So who paid those bids?
seconded
Also the draft will have an effect this as well.
correct, once you use that pick you can't use it to move cap space.
I have no idea if I never learned to balance a centrifuge or if I just don't remember balancing it as an undergrad. I have this vague recollection of balancing it but it could be a fake memory like bernstain bears
Not all wasps though. Yellow jackets are evil as shit, paperwasps mostly won't fuck you up
Let's go refs!!!!!
I could not think of a worse time for that penalty
That was their third shot on goal
Whenever you are with someone new you have to use it loudly and obnoxiously until they ask about it. Then when they do you say, 'yup this bad boy was my severance package....'
I would have assumed it would have yelped in pain
Someone once told me to put down my grass seed in the winter before the snow comes. It is too cold to germinate but it won't die either. Then when the snow melts it gets pulled town with the water germinates and you get a perfect lawn. Never tried it though.
signed
We can and we will.
but how?!
He took less money as a UFA in a weak UFA market to stay. Probably could have gotten 7 on July1
He had to adjust to Trotz style of defense first play. A different coach (like weight from last year) and that's 50 points. A functioning powerplay and that is 50 points. the 35 was under his potential.
he makes the same as andrew ladd and 500k more than EFLWASACFRDPJDPB (Josh Bailey)
It's working!!
That's kind of the joke
I don't think he gets much higher than that. I don't see him being a 40 goal scorer and that is what we need.
Lies, there are the long months of July and August where unfrozen ice accumulates on my face when I'm outside and this bright orb hurts my skin and eyes.
Pass.
New York Islanders. They are making strides to re-sign the team that swept Pitt, they can move Leddie and Hickey for more top 6 help without sacrificing D depth because of their young guys. They also have young forwards who could break out during camp. The biggest question is what direction does the third and 4th line go. If they get more top 6 help that could be as easy as making a third line of Beau somebody cheap and Bailey and using MDC on the 4th to help rest clutter. The team legit can get better without too much ridiculous movement. They don't need to sign PAnarin (though it would be nice) they just need to make a move to help free up space for guys like Aho (he'll be there this year guaranteed) Dobson and Wilde to make the NHL roster.
Yes, and nobody in GA/Alabama knows that Huntsville has a hockey team. Source: I live here and talk to these people about it. They follow in this order: 1. College Football 2. NFL 3. MLS 4. College Basketball 5. NBA basketball that, for better or worse, is what any team in the Alabama/GA area is competing with. For Alabama 1,4,5 are huge.
Given that this is in Alabama it should be relatively cheap, the fact that they split it up probably means they expect it to be developed.
No way, I'm in for a 10
One can only dream
I don't know about that. Eberle at 5.5 and Nelson at 6 are looking mighty fine deals. If Lee thinks he's getting more than he's worth Lou might have a july 1st surprise for him in the form of his cap space being spent elsewhere.
The rumor right now is that the hold up is on term. It's not about money, Lee probably gets about 7, the question is 5 years or 7. Ideally they agree to 6 at maybe a slightly higher rate or something but the dollar amount (whatever it is) is pretty much agreed upon.
As a libertarian, those comments made me yeet hard.
If it's less than the four firsts I'd consider an offer sheet. The two firsts more than likely will not be Marner quality unless you tank and hit the jackpot.
/r/hockey sucks, if I show up in the survivors thread I vote for us so I can just ignore them
Keenan hosting the awards.... big oof, what is it 2000?
Vote for the Islanders.
You assume 4 firsts, could be they offer 5 years at 10.4 and slide in just under. Move a now expendable winger to get back some of the assets and if you have the young talent to move out some guys for picks over the next 2-3 seasons you might not be in a bad place. The term would be the most concerning thing, only getting 5 years for a window with him could be a problem even if you recoup those assets and have everything else in place.
Just offer 10.4x4 or 10.4x5. From the sounds of it Toronto is only willing to do 10.5+ for 7-8 year deals. This is really all he wants ~10.5 (less to keep the firsts) and 4-5 years so he can cash in again.
A 33 year old GM can't really pull power on guys in their early 20s as much as a 40+ year ld with an additional decade as a AGM or GM at the NHL level behind him. Dubas probably has no poker face
(296-256 )/256 = 40/256 = ~15% What they've improved most though is forgiveness. I use my grandfather's old clubs from what I assume are the late 80s/90s (there is a driver that is probably the newest piece) and you really have to hit them right or you're gonna have a bad time.
There is something off about this that I just can't quite put my finger on.... Is that Leafs logo the old one?
I doubt it to be honest. We don't need a playmaking winger we need a goal scorer. If Lou does, it absolutely has to be $1 less than the 4 first round picks for 5 years and no more. Force toronto to give him 10.5x5 if he signs it and let him cash in as an UFA.
I'm lurking so I'll pop in. It is a little different and JAM is not entirely off base. JT was a UFA who took a team friendly contract prior. He had every right to shop himself around, the sting there was more he took less money to go to his hometown team after two years of denial, but I digress. Marner has every right to ask for what he wants the same as Dubas and you all have every right to tell him to fuck off. Nylander FWIW did handle it in a classy way.
It is all moot though, for as much hate as he gets Lou doesn't seem like the guy to get even. I hope he follows my belief that the best revenge is living a good life, or in this case getting several good cup runs over the next decade and bringing the cup back to LI. Not really sure how a pissing match with Toronto helps us there.
We need goal scorers up front. I could see a leddy for poolparty deal happening in a sign and trade but I imagine that would need some balancing.
chill dude, that was only one round.
Butch settled this, pineapple pepperoni pizza is king
He dropped because of injuries, he was ranked about 32 at the start of the year and has a lot of up side.
The sarcasm is so strong
Nice
anytime. I'm over there and I'm usually up for a game on weekends.
c'mon people, vote Islanders!!!
lmfao, forgot about him.... Move Panarin left and Nelson down 1
You missed the part where Goldfinger was searching for his ball which he could not find because James was standing on it.
Kenlane and Seanbox for High King and Heir of Norway
How do you sleep at night?
I'm Kenlane. I am running for High King, I'm a former pirate in past marks and I have a plan that I am releasing later tonight for how we can make Norway the global leader in military power, religious strength, and cultural output. AMA
To the Jarls, how do you intend to interact with High King and Heir to promote cooperation and organization for our nation? How do you plan to determine which cities need governors most and which cities should focus on which districts? How do you plan to facilitate this discussion amongst Jarls?
As High King I would work very closely with the Jarls. I would dedicate some time each week between sessions to meet with the Jarls or the people of the state to soundboard ideas on how to make their city reflect their ideals. This would involve practical planning of what to build, where to focus workers, and what the national government can research to better help the states. A good executive requires the individual parts to work together like a well oiled machine. This meeting would also ideally result in a firm list of actions that the Jarls command being produced every week. It would help remove ambiguity that sometimes exists and would help foster specialization of cities and creation of cities that exemplify the ideals of their people. A city that wants great religion could use this to garner support for their religious goals and could be used to better optimize how religious units are created and distributed through the kingdom. A state that wants culture and great people could work with the National government and other cities through this mechanism to ensure those people are created while the cities themselves all prosper and benefit.
/u/femamerica13
Needs more BU
Hard to make a summary of Art wildly speculating about RFAs so I will just give the intro and some interesting, albeit crazy, names on the list. &gt;The silly season is upon us. &gt;The contact period for pending unrestricted free agents is underway and the calls and meetings have begun in earnest. Starting Wednesday, the window to contact restricted free agents begins — a period that has never mattered much but suddenly, with a lower-than-expected salary cap and a who’s who of RFAs, means quite a lot in the run up to July 1, when all these discussions can turn into deals. &gt;The Islanders are still talking to their own UFAs, even as other teams are calling on Anders Lee and Robin Lehner. They are also starting to make the rounds of the league’s agents, with some holes to fill now and possibly more should they fail to agree with their captain or their rejuvenated goalie. &gt;Lou Lamoriello hasn’t dropped any hints on the team’s plans, of course. So we’ve gone ahead and made a long list of free agents, unrestricted and restricted, who fit the Isles roster best, from the dreamiest of dream players to the depth fill-in-the-gap types. Here we go: Interesting names: &gt;Sebastian Aho, RW, Hurricanes (offer-sheet) &gt;Carolina’s trade of old friend Calvin de Haan may allow the budget-conscious Canes the internal cap space to give Aho what he’s worth after a day of contract talks at the draft last weekend didn’t go anywhere. But if Aho wants to see what’s out there for a coveted RFA, the Isles could theoretically be more tempted by an Aho offer sheet than a Marner one — Aho would most likely take less than the $10.569 million AAV that is the four first-rounder threshold. For two firsts, a second and a third? Most definitely. &gt;Micheal Ferland, LW, Hurricanes: This is “in case Lee isn’t signed” territory. Ferland does some of what Lee does, only not as well. He’s produced a couple nice seasons in Calgary and Carolina the past two years, though he missed a chunk of the Canes’ playoff run with an injury. He’s only 27 so the Isles could do worse with a big winger, but he’s extremely popular already this week, with upwards of 10 teams reaching out. A bidding war would take him out of a useful price range. And A Goalie: &gt;Cam Talbot, Flyers: A handful of teams have already reached out to the former Oiler standout who went from 193 starts in three seasons to traded afterthought last year. He’ll be 32 in two weeks, but of all the veteran stopgap options, he may be the most attractive. The Isles would likely have interest in a short-term deal should Lehner fall through. Tons of other speculation but these three I thought were worthy of note.
Brendan will be frustrated by Aho Aho and Pelech Pulock and Butch will juts call one sebastian and the other aho
Yes.
Totally missed most of the bu ones... Had a thread on /r/buhockey and didn't even update it
I still think he has more credibility than the people claiming Marner is getting a 13 million dollar offer-sheet.
But is he a dirty cop?
I think we should sign bob and lehner
100% they qualify Aho
&gt;Ctrl + F 'Kenlane' hrumph, not even one mention. Clearly I need to start a groundless accusation.
Nice platform, great content.
[The Kenlane plan for Norway](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u9izGpaUS1ZZof32zOkHZGBK7OgLzyyfj2YB6K2YJ1w/edit) [The vision of Greater Norway](https://imgur.com/a/I5fUKrl)
Poor Lehner, people can't even tell you from Greiss apart...
I boated
oh it is absolutely not staples fault. He does a great job of giving reasons why he thinks these people are good fits and makes it clear it is his opinion. But at times he really does just throw ideas at the wall, like in the case of simmonds and I have to laugh. And yeah, Lou is a fucking iron vault with information.
I doted
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
Rodriguez went to BU so hes worth a lot to me.
Ok but I can only do vanilla....
Flair up!
Absolutely gorgeous
5/7 with rice
The athletic has a bunch. Two man advantage and the full 60 are both good. The don cherry podcast is also pretty good.
What a fucking goal.
Jesus christ they are singing toby Keith songs. This is so texas I love these people.
Dallas scored.
Move over Bobrovski, there's a new sheriff in town. Dallas walker, Texas Ranger.
They really missed a chance to name one after kessel
In person. But r/collegehockey is a thing and they have a discord. Different teams have different streaming deals but if you ask there someone will help you out
I am a millennial and I have 0 support for socialism. Most people I know my age who support it aren't thinking about costs or burdens on people and want socialism because they think it is their right because the rich guy over there owes them money. And you see it in how they talk about it, tax the 1% and all that. Oh boy if only it were that easy. 20 trillion in debt, and id you tax the 1% most will avoid it because they have the resources to. They don't have consistent theories of how to male this work just flimsy notions and ideas about how they think it should be.
I agree 100%. I'm finishing a PhD now, there is work but holy shit is there also tons of work for just skilled, often union, labor. To drive the point home, the day of I believe American Thanksgiving there was a reddit thread about jobs that make 6 figures on ask reddit. Well let me tell you that's a depressing read when you realize dock workers in cranes make 200k a year and a PhD in steam makes about the same at the same age (30), with the doc worker potentially having earned that for longer. I've had very open discussions with my family about this. I have 3 nephews and a niece, trust me none are getting PhDs. My mother is dead set on them going to college. I've been very open they should learn trades. In NJ where I grew up and they live a plumber or guy working on ducts makes 80-100K a year by 30... Even chefs I know make 70 K and all those jobs, allow you to work and move anywhere because the skills work as well in maine as they do Arizona. Never get a PhD for the job after, that's just a bad idea. Do it because you love the science. Trade work and skilled labor pay the bills and require almost no education.
Hi Steve!
JD Drew?
It's contextually relevant since the first guy literally called the subject of the post an uncle Tom. This should be completely acceptable use.
No way that counts.
Give me a Josh Bailey goal.
Sure but Nelson gets a natural hatty.
Followed by she'll be coming around the mountain
He releases his shot so fast and if a goalie is screened like that there isn't much they can do.
We should share that post by a devils fan about why rangers fans suck from the roast two years ago. That always makes me happy.
4 years?!?! God how time flies. That is still a work of art... I think one day I might get it printed on glass and hang it on my wall. Do you think Lundqvest has read it? I hope so.
no.
Imagine them walking as a UFA and getting better. Its addition by subtraction.
*cough* BU vs NJ at Agganis, who says no?
Komarov has to shoot that.
Isles let this one get away from them. Lee has to finish better, Martin has to not take that trip. Somebody other than Nelson has to score...
Originally it is from Of Mice and Men but yes, Looney Tunes also often referenced the novel with this line.
Iran won't attack US military bases. At a worst they fund some money into terrorist groups, which they likely do already. If it is a full blown land war in Asia Minor that is bad as shit, but we've been there 19 years, might as well go for 21 and let our war over there have a beer.
Two Time AHL All Star Sebastian "No Not the Forward" Aho COME ON DOWN! \#*[[[**AHOGANG**]]]*
I don't hate the lines but I think line 1 and maybe 3 get beat bad at times away from the puck.
Sign this pup!
AHO AHO AHOOOOOO! AHO AHO!
I've said it before and I'll say it again, he needs to start going by MikeDC
The killer B line is back
Oooo she's cute. I'd give her a new meaning for Oh Canada.
Oh that's awkward. Now I feel bad.
Marners head was turned he saw it coming. No call there is fine.
Eberle is trying to find someone to bury the rebound.
I liked that period overall. Isles need to.shoot a bit more and Barzal needs to get his feet moving. Otherwise solid period of Isles Hockey
Fuck Tom Brady
Some nice saves too
Dobson and Toews don't belong out there at the same time. Bad change.
A post and a stick end... We are not having any luck.
Yeah but his take on the prequels is pretty solid so I'm inclined to believe him.
This is a game isles win 8 times out of 10... Hutch has been lucky, goals for Tor were pretty lucky too.
Another post... Zero puck luck.
I think we should dress 7 D sit Komarov or MDC and give extra time to ebs bails and Lee. The extra ice time might help them get going and the D load would be lighter.
Here is my opinion. The Isles were the better team, they just couldn't finish and catch a break. This game could easily have been 5-0 Isles. Toews and Dobson should not have been on the ice together, that goal should not have happened. The team has to just move on and put this one behind them.
Enjoy your ban
But there is no one thing you can really point to over the past month or so that has caused this. Eberle came back cold as cold gets at the end of NOV but as I pointed out had 12 pts in 14 games in December so he is heating up. Then there was some issues with the D faltering a bit, that is the teams identity so when that wavered a bit the team lost. Then we finally recently had goalie issues with both Varly and Greiss getting lit up a week or so back around XMas before we moved to a more defined 1A 1B situation. Now what was the issue with this game? 2 posts, some amazing saves by Hutch, one off the shaft of his stick, one that should have been in because it beat him but Kuhn was hoked. That is not a bad game or a team playing mediocre, its just a bit of bad puck luck.
[Michael Hutchinson is not a no name backup](http://www.hockeydb.com/ihdb/stats/pdisplay.php?pid=96549) Blackwood (NJ) is not even a backup. Hutch didn't look like a Vezina finalist tonight, he got beat a few times it just hit the post or didn't go in because of hooking call. He left a lot of rebounds. He played a great game, but he had a leprechaun up his ass or something for good luck because it was a lot of luck on his part.
This can't be a real take...
Happy cake day, shit take though. Lee is the captain of this team, he is also shooting more than 2% below his career average (2.4% specifically). He will bounce back and has started to since about December (12 points 5 goals in 14 games). When his shooting percent comes back up he will put up a lot of goals and then this statement you made will look pretty dumb. Eberle is a similar story, 12 pts in 14 games in December and heating up after a rough start to the year. So I don't know what the fuck you are talking about but through this cold streak the issue hasn't been Eberle or Lee because they are almost on a ppg pace last month.
yeah but he is like a 20 goal scorer and in the second half if he nets 15 ish he still is fine (assuming he hits the 50-60 points I project over all). He is and always has been a playmaker.
So you literally didn't watch the game
Wish Komarov had hit him harder. Leo let up because of friendship.
Counter point to the other guy... Maybe. But your cap situation makes it hard. I think aho ( call up for Pelech) is legit. As is Pelech btw but I would not trade him. His contract is amazing but he is hurt so no dice. If he were healthy you would be paying hard. Mayfield is wayyyy better than some people realize but what he is worth... I dunno. Boychuk, Dobson, pulock, toews. and leddy are not really on the table. Hickey is a solid 5/6 guy and available. So maybe but it's tough because the top end wont be moved and the bottom wont likely get us what we want
Bailey is on pace for 50 pts and is bouncing around the lineup like a fucking hot potato in a child's hands. Lee has a career low shooting % while not taking as many shots. But he has 12 points in 14 games in the month of December. His shooting % will go back up. Eberle also has 12 points in 14 games in December (more assists than Lee though). BTW IF they keep up their DEC pace, they are 60 point guys this year. I won't comment on Kuhn et al. except to say Kuhn has played very well as a depth guy and Johnston is not playing as of now. Could we replace one of them with more skill? Probably, the key is who is the person that is PROVEN to be NHL ready. Kieff aint there with his consistency from the highlights I've seen. Ho-Sang sat out and now needs serious time in the A. Ladd could be it, but he is old and definitely not what he used to be. We're kind of waiting for the next kid to be ready but it isn't clear anyone stands out right now to be called up. You're absolutely crazy if you think trading Lee/Eberle/Bailey is a good idea. Go back to Twitter with your 5 month old account. What the fuck do you think lou is going to trade for???
Uhhhhhh Bailey has been slowing a bit but is still a 50 pt pace despite bouncing in the lineup. Lee and eberle had 12 pts in 14 games in December. So sorry Jwang, but you are Jwrong.
Ok boomer.
I would like to be considered for the court. I have ideas and opinions on how the court runs, experience, and in general will be consistently active on the court. I also will state now that I will be abstaining as minister from the ranking of judges because of conflict of interest. If I am approved as a justice I will also immediately resign as Minister (though I think the terms line up so no harm no foul there). E: Feel free to ask me anything.
Ew, ok can I name a proxy for the vote?
Bruins have won 4 of their last 15. Trade everybody except McAvoy
I still disagree with this. It doesnt have to do that but if you do it poorly it does. Might be an unpopular opinion but the spin o rama was sexy when done right and made shootouts better.
Perfect example.
At some point, it would be nice if you wrote up the exact methods with some theory about what you are actually calculating. I think I understand but the community as a whole may not. You could then, of course, link this methods every subsequent time you do analysis. This is common practice with blogs that deal with everything from sports analysis to economic modeling, because nobody can be an expert in everything but it would be nice to have all the information available to read should one desire.
Counterpoint: Fresh blood might be exactly what the court needs. In MK2 or 3 (who remembers) I ran for the court and the thinking of some vets then was fresh blood might be good. If he wants to run for the court, I think we should encourage him. If the court was Wes, Dom, Espresso, Ken, Jonas, Tib, and You it would be a boring court that we all know exactly how everyone would vote (except Ken, he's a bit out there).
I know you are joking but honestly could you imagine that 3rd line. Most expensive 3rd line in the NHL right there. Also how is there a bellows flair but no bobo flair?
I love boychuk
I hope he gets into broadcasting when he hangs up his skates.
COL is really good. NOS needs to be careful here. Glhf
Mayfield has two good shots on that shift. Just saying.
That is some magical camera work by the guys up stairs.
The crowd is loud for a 0-0 game.
Perfect if you cant sleep sometimes.
Sorry man, she sounds like a cunt. It's just plain rude to say something like that at the end of a date. Make an excuse and leave quiet if you want but don't be a bitch about it.
The crowd just needs to sing the Bailey song until he scores. Trotz should do to Bailey what my NHL Legacy coach did in Live the Life mode as Josh Ho-Sang when we needed a goal and leave Bailey out there for a 5 minute shift. Yeah I wrote that sentence, yeah I kinda hate myself for it.
The ISlanders haven't scored in almost as long as me.
I wish Greiss and Grubauer would have a baby.
I'm so sorry for your dorm.
He is so OP they are retiring his number before his career ends.
Brassard and Lee are so cute together.
yup lmao. Probably banned by now, no idea why he is so salty.
To be clear, Lee isn't himself in much of a drought with uhhh 13 points (6 goals) in his last 17 games. ISles had not scored in 120+ min at that point though.
Don't worry we love him too. We'll get him a nice friend in sorokyn and he can enjoy his well earned 4 year contract now that he has beat Greiss out for the top spot.
/r/BetterEveryLoop The look on Toews face at the end is also priceless.
What do you think is the limiting interface of role play to realism in Democraciv (ie the idea we want to role play but ultimately are confined to a limited game)? How do you see bills like the Lhasa Accord effecting the balance of the two? Where do you stand on pineapple on pizza?
To all Legislators: What is the number one thing you want to see legislated if you are elected?
Minister Candidates: Who do you support for the supreme court?
Check his face at the end.
So did brassard
It's the fish sticks jerseys. You shouldn't be surprised.
That was me. My B.
I really want a NElson goal so I cna post the Brock Nelson song
The question is did I remember to start him in my fantasy league... Or set my lineup at all (spoiler: I did not)
Can we talk about how Butch Goring doesn't put children in cages.
Oh my, they are adorable. I've seen them before but they just look so cute there.
That Greiss poke check is more dangerous than Germany in WWII
WHAT AN OT MY HEART MIGHT BE EXPLODING
gg NJ fans
Pulock experiments with sticks that have 112+ flex (if you read the friedman 31 thoughts piece). But in the AHL all star game his slapper was clocked at [105 mph](https://newyork.cbslocal.com/2015/07/24/islanders-ryan-pulock-nhl/). so likely Pulock fired a hard slapper up into Blackwood's mask and this happened.
I'm kenlane i am running for minister (assuming I fail as judge)
Isles win every OT
I'm kenlane i am running for minister (assuming I fail as judge) AMA
David Quinn does not know what he is talking about.
oof i forget the protection rules. But at F We protect Barzal, BEau, Lee, Nelson, Eberle, + Bailey, Wahlstrom if needed G Sorokyn is protected D... The lines are Pelech Pulock Toews Mayfield Leddy Boychuk Dobson So probably Pulock, Toews, Dobson. But I think a trade is worked out to get Ladd off the books, if that can't happen.... by by Pelech you beautiful beautiful man... \# P ^E ^^L ^^E ^C H G ^A ^^N G
Point taken. I wouldn't consider them a real episode but ok.
Ok I'm wrong. I'm so sorry guys
True. I'll also Point out sometimes Newman didn't did it for me.
Then I stand corrected.
#Leo Gang
baby yoda is overrated.
First round has started, all bets are final!
Check the user name.
Interesting but unlikely since Lou is more interested in a hockey move and this probably won't be one. They probably are looking for a depth guy on an expiring contract for a run more than say a locked in Mayfield or Leddy. Hickey could be an option if not injured all year.
[These are and were at the time of the incident the Ministry procedures](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qAdq0cXkAqHDkEW4BKp2M79fDQrpJksEDh3YTlLn3U4/edit) Note, while it is not broken up explicitly by sections, under V or 5 as I called it, you will find the quoted text.
Are you admitting to intent to prevent war at any cost?
Agreed sort of
Probably a sub basement below the ice
I'm convinced the NHL hates the Isles
However, @Justice I would like to submit one final piece of ecidence. https://imgur.com/a/X54sEsn My discusssions with NIMB tonight where he has repeatedley pressued me to end this case.
We should have started Greiss. Varly is not really the guy I want in rivalry games. period.
Can confirm. Just started researching.
Detroit's basically an ahl team
Builds back up that big dick confidence
It would still count as his first AHL goal as he is 19...
Sorry Detroit. The Isles needed to make a statement after that rangers game... You just drew the short straw there.
Just avoid atlanta
Look at that BU biddie right at the top where he belongs.
Saying Trotz has been passed around frequently, or Torts for that matter, is a bit wrong though. They both have had fairly long runs with multiple teams.
Sbisa man, what a guy. Fucking most expensive PTO in history, but genuinely seems like someone who just loves the game. Wonder if he will end up coaching.
Yes, and Varlamov was the first goalie off. Aho, MDC, and Kouviu were on for extra work.
came here to say this, but I'm poor so NHL Legacy on the PS3... same game whatevs.
&gt; We have here two options: We can use an established definition of occupation But it was not established at the time when the Punic War Act was written or voted one.
&gt; Carthage did not "offer Carthago Nova to us freely." They offered it under duress, Can you get anybody in here from Carthage to testify to that? You must prove that they were under duress, not merely accuse it. A peace deal can be offered as well because you merely are not interested in the war, because you do not believe the war to be a good option anymore, or because there was possibly a regime change. However, we do not know why they offered peace, we just know they offered peace at a time when every approved war objective was satisfied (sic. liberating Poland). &gt;f I threaten to kill your family and you beg that I take your possessions instead, that is not "offering your possessions freely." I object to this statement and ask that it be stricken from the record. The ministry at no time threatened the city by show of military force. The Ministry merely put units near the city to monitor the situation. Until the plaintiff proves that Carthage had good reason to believe we would threaten their city the Ministry should not be assumed to have done so.
&gt; several Ministers were willing to in violation of our own laws, Prove Carthage was aware of this.
No that is not relevant, what is relevant was the meaning of the laws passed, not an abusive interpretation thought up after the fact that paints a body of government that you have a proven track record of being critical of in a poor light.
I think this is just the trotz style of play. I think he is so calming and corrective that rivalry games like this won't mean what they used to to the team. there 100% should have been a fight after the Eberle hit. We should 100% have been more aggressive to top our opponent, even if it is not Islanders hockey. BUT Trotz put the team on the path he wants. He is a great coach, but he doesn't care if we beat the rags any more than he cares if we beat Arizona.
Not my responsibility. E: Nor is it my clients.
I am aware, but with only 5 signatures needing 6 or 7 based on the last election I don't really see it moving forward. And if it does, I will then discuss why it should be voted down and not allowed as well as the flaws in the amendment itself. I will not discuss further here at this time pending the litigation in the court over PVM.
No, he returned to the game (fortunately)
NFLstreams had it happen earlier in the year.
After the past two games against the Isles I have to say. Tune in Tuesday for a possible boil over point and some real old time hockey.
Prove it.
Yeah But varly was bad over the same stretch. Maybe greiss is not 1a for good but id give him ba season
I move to close this case pending release of the final voting records from the legislature. The case was ultimately submitted before voting occurred, I was told repeatedly the legislature had followed procedure, but up until now no evidence that a vote actually happened has been furnished. If the legislature is willing to release the full voting records of the emergency session and the bills as they appeared on the docket then this can be a closed matter.
Big oof. Can you come back after the beanpot? I was planning to catch up more with the team then. Also check out r/collegehockey and their discord. Both are more active than here.
Mayfield gang, where you at?
Does not make that spearing penalty any less dumb.
That was way too close
I'm a fan and I like it.
Given the Islanders recent trend of late lead giveaways and turnovers... It makes perfect sense.
&gt; I've always been in favor of a dedicated streamer We do have that though already.
I really don't see an issue with running unopposed being undemocratic, so Sail's amendment for me just seems unnecessary. However, if we have only 4 candidates (or 3) I would be fine with the ministry size by default being the number of candidates running capped at 5 if 5 or more candidates run. Yes, you might get a ministry of 1 or 2 people but if that happens I think you will suddenly see more candidates at it would consolidate power back in that role.
You need 1 presidential candidate, but they still need a proxy (vp) and usually hire lawyers and people in the ministry to do the labor that comes with being in the exec. I often handled much of this myself, but still not 100% and it leads to burnout when you do. &gt; I think presidents are just more fun, of course that’s subjective. Ministries have always been a weirdly unfun environment whenever we use them, just a bunch of boys groaning about having to follow laws and looking for loopholes to get stuff they want. This still happens (the groaning) with a president, but it is more private and less diverse since the other people aren't elected. You just make a dream team of people who agree and will fight to say, keep a city or get a war you want to play the gmae you want. Flip side is, it is more effective to get your gameplay done. &gt;If something’s unconstitutional then they should bring it to the court, but that’s different from them sitting there and coming up for arguments about why an action they take isn’t technically illegal and doing it even though it’s clearly against the letter and/or spirit of the law. Part of the problem is the legislature often passes bills very quickly before streams (we had like 3 sessions a week at the start) and we have almost no veto power on something like the war bill. We knew the war bill was bad, we suspected it wouldn't hold up in court, but we couldn't exactly veto or get another war bill (I tried). I would argue the bigger issue this mark is the legislature refuses to play ball with the ministry from what I've seen. they are off in their own fantasy world and refuse to acknowledge we are even playing a game of civ. A bit of a deflection sure, but not an invalid one. I will state candidly, I'm not sure it is solely on the ministry/exec to story tell. Certainly world building matters but to what end? There are people in the leg who are literally just larping and it is actively hampering game play. If they could acknowledge the facts of how civ is played at all, we wouldn't have to jump through the game and as you stated, 'look for legal loopholes' to make the decisions we should be given far more leeway on, like what the strategy for war should be and how to engage the enemy. Could you imaging if in WWII the leg told the army they could not attack or occupy french cities? Could you imagine if they said you can only liberate french cities and never cross the german border? It is a ludicrous proposition what the leg did and if the leg is going to tie our hands behind our back and our only option is a legal loophole, that's not really out fault.
I share a house with 1 roommate in Atlanta. 900 total (450 per person). I'll also point out, about taxes, you get a 12k deduction standard meaning at minimum wage you are only taxed federally at 10% on the last 3k or so you make. Not that it had anything to do with your comment. I just wanted to point that out without making another comment.
I read this as fastest fuck boi
Sparky is such a scrub. Should bring Nyisles as the mascot.
You can have the full Garth Snow/Jack Capuano treatment and live in my basement.
This was the criticism a lot of people had during that time. He had been ice cold prior to that and now he is returning to cold status. That is super streaky. If he can find a way to level it out he would be a no brainer to call up, but he just isn't there yet. This is where guys like Ladd can earn they stupid high paycheck for playing in the A and help him to find the consistency.
But can you play defense?
So Buffalo or Florida? Because you spoke the magic words.
*[cough]* I was traded here last year and sill lurk, also became your GM *[cough]*
I did not get a warm welcome there either as GM. I was hopeful that talent such as yours would warm their hearts. I can trade you out soon.
I highly recommend everybody sign up, I had tons of fun last year and am a GM this year and it's pretty awesome.
I traded away some teeth to get you so you're here until that dentistry work is done.
Yes.
Hijacking the top comment to point out, anybody on /r/FloridaPanthers who wants to sign up still can at http://tdgdb.com. I have decided to stand pat for the rest of today as I brought in a lot of talent today (started the day with 2 people and now have 9 not counting the 2 who signed up with us).
&gt; Future alcoholic, especially if the Habs win a cup, the drinks will flow. Sorry, we are really looking for fully developed alcoholics at this time. -FLA/BUF
Hi, I'm Kenlane, You may know me from such shitposts as [Gomez's solution to the powerplay](https://imgur.com/a/rlkDFCZ) and [Lou's mysterious trade deadline acquisition](https://imgur.com/a/8O9PpQ2). Now I've been traded here to LA to bring the memes to your sub ***and*** my obsessive posting of atheltic articles about my new found fandom. Tell me, are there any BU players in the prospect pool? Also what are the gangs like around here? I'm #PelechGang in NY, what's my new equivalent? E: Also thank you for beating the rags in 2014
Were encouraged to not immediately flip players.
Was that the three way deal that brought in 100 gallons of fresh evergaldelde water to buffalo?
We all want you bb.
Still time to sign up
I'll take that goal
Hey some of us do extensive research into the people we trade for.
It is never enough breweries if you have to live in detroit.
is there a full bar there?
&gt; You can even take your pants off I'm in.
Tough shit I demand it's return to florida
Well, I've been traded here from r/newyorkislanders via /r/losangeleskings . Fuck Crosby. Fuck Ovi and the caps. Gritty is Love, Gritty is life. Give me a pitcher of Yuengling and leave me to my anger.
Oh yeah, I sent you to tampa from florida. You're in Tampa now.
Sorry BB. It's a business. Have fun in tampa
If this works anything like closets, he will be sleeping on the porch.
Capital gains are taxed at 20% federally. Their income from any position as say CEO and Founder is taxed the same as everyone else's. The main difference is that wealthy billionaires often are billionaires on paper only and use credit lines through the financial system to maintain their lifestyle.
I'm with the right Jo.
Shoot them when they come to loot/burn the bar.
I support it, but with the caveat it needs to be done right, planned carefully, and not rushed into gameplay. It is a very radical change for the community and for ever ounce as radical an idea it is, we need two ounces of caution, and three ounces of thoughtful planning to ensure it is executed to its maximum potential.
I don't know, there are a lot of really good candidates on the list. I generally trust Sean, Retrospaceman123, and Don to act reasonably and take something like this seriously. I also think they have enough experience to understand what a monumental task this can be and think in generally they are prepared for the commitment necessary.
As organizer, that really isn't for you to decide at this point. You kind of have to balance the expectations of the community against your own good judgement. If you have an exhaustive list at this point, I would certainly question your motive for being organizer, because organizer is not and should not be biased and deadset in their own opinions going into the planning process. Good planning happens when you carefully weigh your judgement against the wants and wills of others in the mark, not when you have a preordained answer you intend to push for.
Because you are an idiot.
Suddenly moving to Waterloo aint so bad.
&gt; Do you think nations should have a minimum citizen count in order to be approved prior to the start of the game? Good question, I suppose that depends are we allowing single player nations or modulating the number of nations as well or leaving it fixed. Personally I think there should be a 'soft' minimum that we can make an exception to based on dual citizenship and potential immigration once the mark starts. I believe this is the case because many people may want to participate in more than one civ should laws allow, and we should do our best to facilitate this activity. &gt;What minimum activity level should nations be required to maintain during the Mark? Showing up to game play and being functional. More subjective an answer than maybe you want but ultimately I think it is the right answer. &gt;Do you think there should be a limit on how many human nations we allow during the Mark? If so, how should that limit be determined? What do you mean by this? I think refer back to answer 1 for some idea why I am unsure what you mean.
Unfortunately Bailey was only on a 51 pt pace this year. However he had no consistent line mates at all (dude had to fill in at 3C at times). Ideally if he gets a bellows type guy next to him or settles in with guys like Lee/Nelson/Eberle or even Ladd i could see 4 more 40+ of years with at least 2 of them 50+ pts. He is such an enigma but it really comes down to how does he age. I think his style of play is such he will age really well, could even see him taking some 1 year deals after this one if that is true.
Better than McDavid, not as good as Eichel.
It was but that number was based on adding weekly new jobless claims to last months report. It didnt account for people coming off unemployment due to the federal pay assistance programs to small business. So yeah huge surprise. Bloomberg spent a lot of time talking about how the average hourly earnings dropped which means the bottom of the work force were the ones rehired (those who made more on unemployment).
Mixed bag here. On the one hand projections were to add 7-8 million unemployed by the new weekly jobless claims. The paycheck assistance programs from the federal government likely are a large part of why we gained employment. However, you cant ignore the possible effects og places like georgia and florida opening early in May. Certainly 13 million unemployed is not good and the possibility exists that as we open over the next month we reach numbers like 9% unemployment and that is the wall. However, this means that U6 and unemployment are not recorded at great depression era levels. The next real meaningful measures are Q2 earning reports and GDP. Moving forward we are not out of this but this is evidence that many people will be back at work sooner rather than later.
U6 being down is surprising. That I expected to be up when I first saw this. I suppose that is this is largely due to PPP and reopening then it would make sense U6 would decrease in a way tied to U3 and 4. Full time employment being better than part time is also a good sign. The decrease in avg hourly wages makes it pretty clear this was largely due to the PPP, but it is still a very good thing and promising that that program worked.
Black Unemployment was basically unchanged.
&gt;Is there something me should be doing? &gt;Me not that kind of Orc!
As a black man, uber is committing discrimination by doing this. Somebody, a prominent black lawyer maybe, should file a class action suit on behalf of all non black businesses in court.
And he was even a Jew. So weird how history repeats itself.
those numbers are from March 16th, they have gained about 30-40% of that back. So it isn't 200 billion lost at this point but ~100-125 billion lost.
Cap will probably be flat with a 1 year escrow balloon. The best option is cheap bridge and prove it deals where possible.
It might be their only options
It ignores those things sure but it also is why when you normalize police killings to the number of interactions blacks end up being killed less often than whites.
Is that even legal?
There used to be a pretty successful semi autonomous commune in copenhagen. Unfortunately in such a police free setting at some point crime and violence [inevitably find a home](https://www.theguardian.com/cities/2016/sep/23/copenhagen-christiania-drugs-commune-future). My only regret in life was never getting to visit pee 2012 when supposedly things started to go downhill. ) article from 2016 was basically the final straw for the commune.
He could have had a number so high he could hide his own count.
~~If there are no fans might as well play at BC. Nobody even knows what the 2020 2021 season will be in terms of fans. ~~My concern is will this season be affected. The play in and first round even with fans would have been there and that's coming up likely in august.~~ E: I'm dumb ignore me.
She had me at I play ice Hockey
Just toss a slab of ice on the infield for next season. Have fans sit 6 ft apart in the grandstands. All problems solved.
Not approving of somebody doesn't mean you hate them. Most Americans are middle of the road on trump. They disapprove or approve but don't have a strong emotional investment in who is in the whitehouse. The only places that have such strong visceral reactions to who sits in the whitehouse are the media (who do it, I hope, for show to get ratings), reddit, and the largest most invested consumers in those media. It actually is a really good thing that most of America is not like reddit and obsessed over every single thing trump does. If it were that would be super unhealthy for America and americans.
Why doesn't he move to China if they have everything figured out so well?
Not all of us have Facebook though. The only and closest thing i have to social media is reddit. So if you can directly link images that would help some of us.
Sir, this is a Wendy's.
&gt;they're What, did you go to Harvard you illiterate scarlet.
How do you know this?
There have been 0 comments yet sorting by controversial about her titties.
It's not like I would have noticed them the first 10 times...
Sorry but if I'm wearing a skirt im not wasting time om underwear. And fuck it, if I get a boner and you are uncomfortable that's your problem not mine. Enjoy the fucking show.
Jesus was against the Roman occupation. He was against a nation of excess and gluttony. The one time he got angry I scripture, he threw money changers and similar from the temple. He was for sacred spaces, he was for a strong social contact. The was for an ethnic and independent Israel. I hate when people try to pin Jesus down politically. I know I just commented on it but I'm doing so to point out that his actions and words do not map onto our modern political spectrum neatly. I suspect people who say dumb shit like OPs party probably have heard the sermon on the mount and not much else. Never mind he said render unto Caesar what is Caesars (ie he was implying he was not there as a political figure), never mind his statements about not removing the covenant of the old testament, nevermind all his parables about individualism and self reliance outside the system. No no, we can clearly peg him as a leftist /s.
The Goring grotto
The Alan Quine OT Winner Tribute Arena
I wish I could go back in time and sell them weapons.
Do all the languages have commonalities in the way they pronounce or talk about schwarma and lamb shank? If so then it makes sense the languages must be related. Think about it. Frank, a hot dog, a sausage, wurst, those are all related and exist in related languages.
What is the Bi for? Black indigenous people of color?
TIL if I am white in Europe I am a BIPOC as an indigenous person
Well maybe. I liked this idea back at the deadline. Parise is a better player at this point but his AAV is 2 million higher and he has an extra year. These obviously clash with our cap situation. In February the cap was slated to go up, so there was tons of wiggle room to make this work especially if some cap were retained. Forget what it would cost personnel wise for a moment, but 5 years of parise at a cap hit of 5.5 or 6 million would be wild. The really great thing about the move from my perspective as well would be in 2 years. Parise this year and next makes 9 and 8 million in actual dollars, then 6, then 2, then 1, and 1. But none in signing bonuses. That means if his play did tank he could be bought out for some big savings in AAV. That also meant back in February MN could have saved ~6 million in real dollars by acquiring Ladd who has 16.5 million in nom buyoutable signing bonuses, but who is also a LTIR possibility if he is in the A (which he was). So from MN perspective they would at most be paying 16.5 million (possibly less if ladd gets injured and is on ltir for a full season) versus 18 + what they owed parise for the remainder of the season (about 4 million). Both teams would be saving a form of money. Isles save cap in the long run (with a buyout after the 8 million dollar season or the 6) and MN cash. Ok so why does this still male sense? It's all still true even after the new July 1 (likely oct 15th). MN can still save real $, isles could save real cap space in a year or two. Parise still better than ladd. Why does this not work? Well the cap is likely flat until the end of ladds contract and the question becomes can we wait two years to get parise off the books or do we really need cap space now. It also isnt clear with the cap flat would we need to take more of parise cap hit?, but that is probably true. If we did ladd for parise straight up that would likely work, but can we afford that? Everything is suddenly very tight. Furthermore, that parise contract is about to be really valuable to teams that want cap hit but not real $$ because they are covid strapped in one season. Will one of them want it more? I think it is still an option, but if we do it we need to also be looking at other ways to free cap space. Right now the teams that free cap space best will win. We're right at the end of some questionable contracts that mow are almost definitely dumped (martin, clutter, and komarov is a buyout candidate). Now here is the problem.
As was r/gendercritical, which I personally enjoyed the discussion on.
Or you know, private charity, extended family, food banks, etc step in to fill the role. It's not the kids fault but it isn't a state issue either. It takes a village to raise a child and that is exactly who should step in. Local people who know the child and family and their needs best.
At three in the morning when people are running around and defacing your property it is hard to determine how in danger your life is in the time it took for him to pull his gun and shoot. Certainly if there were a group of onlookers, which the article makes it sound like there were, he may have felt threatened by the group's presence.
I'm not for buying fighter jets either. We are 22 trillion in debt nationally. That is where the money should go first, paying down our national debt so those same kids can dare to dream to do the ungodly great things this country once did. Then towards building a better society for them. Look i don't want them to starve either, but there have to be limits to what federal and state governments do vs local governments and charity. I'm involved with a church pantry and I see the donations come in, even from the krogers, wawas, and fast food places. They are stored tax free in string shoe operations that feed tens, dozens, scores, and hundreds to thousands (for the larger food banks) of people every week. They are amazing. I don't see how Washington DC or any state capital can better provide for these people except by using the pressure and authority of the state to become a defacto monopoly.
That is not even close to true. National debt is how much money the US owes to various sources. Currency in circulation is measures by M1 M2 and M3. M1 is physical dollars (ie in your wallet) and M3 is M1 plus the money in accounts such as savings, checking, and near investments. This amount for M2 btw, before the covid crisis was about 16 trillion compared to 22 trillion in debt.
