&gt; If he doesn’t put up the numbers and Chelsea don’t win anything But we have won things. We won two league titles in three seasons and Hazard was our best attacking player both times. We won't win every season, nobody does in the PL, but it's obvious that he's achieving at the top level based on his track record. Also the numbers themselves are irrelevant. We use numbers as handy measurements of a players talent but if they don't show what's obvious to everyone watching then it's the stats at fault, not the player. If Hazard was overrated he'd have been found out long before now, he wouldn't be getting constant plaudits from pundits, managers and other players.
Born To Be Wild in Easy Rider is an all-time classic.
These stories crop up all the time because of Apple's ridiculous cash reserves. As long as they have that much money just sitting unused, there are going to be analysts who link every move they make to some opportunity to spend it. It was car companies when they were supposedly making a car, it's been Disney in the past and now it's Netflix. Best just to ignore it to be honest.
If you made a website that randomly selected players and clubs it'd get some transfers right eventually but &gt;99% would be bollocks and you wouldn't be able to trust the &lt;1% that wasn't. The Sun is basically the same thing for transfer rumours. Even if they've gotten stories right in the past, they get so many more wrong that you can't trust it.
That's because when a transfer story is gaining traction they'll put up basically the same article over and over again. If you broke it down to unique stories reported then I imagine they'd be much, much lower than 20%.
It wouldn't need to. It's not a midfield we'd use every game, it's the kind of midfield we'd use against top opposition, especially possession-based teams like City. Sit deep, invite them in and then counter when the midfield inevitably regains possession. With the wingbacks bombing forwards, that midfield being pretty quick and Hazard and Morata I think it'd be a very effective countering team.
&gt; Why have we never talked about fuel before? Hyperspace tracking wasn't possible before so ships would just jump away to someplace they could safely refuel. &gt; Why wasn't the rebel cruiser fully fueled? The Resistance has massive supply problems. Their entire fleet is like 4 capital ships, a handful of bombers and a couple of squadrons of fighters. They also didn't know the First Order could track ships through hyperspace so would presumably think they only need enough fuel to escape their pursuers and make it to the next refuelling base which fits since they have the fuel for two jumps. &gt; Do Star Destroyers need to refuel too? If so how, since they don't land? The Empire/ First Order have transport ships, they'll just refuel in space using the transport ships we already know they have. &gt; Star Wars isn't science fiction, it's fantasy in space. The details of the technology are best left unspoken because the audience is meant to take things at face value. Disabling the Tractor Beam is a major plot point in A New Hope. The hyperdrive being broken is a central plot point of Empire Strikes Back. Taking down the shield generator which has to be projected from Endor is a major plot point in Return of the Jedi. The mechanics of technology has been a central plot element of Star Wars since the beginning. We can argue all day about whether it was effective and why not, but the 'best left unspoken' part is bullshit since it's directly contradicted in all the good Star Wars movies.
As always, when you see a link to a think tank it's worth popping over to [Who Funds You?](http://whofundsyou.org) to see how transparent they are about their funding. As far as I'm concerned, if a think tank won't reveal who's funding them then their opinions are irrelevant to the national debate. We expect our politicians and journalists to reveal potential conflicts of interest because we can't trust the impartiality of people who don't. Think tanks should comply with the same expectations if they want to be a part of public discourse and IEA don't.
The Red Turtle for me. I love animation and it's been a very strong couple of years but TRT is my pick for the best of them all.
I don't think this report is accurate but isn't he meant to have a release clause? If he does then there's nothing Inter could do to stop it.
That would be disappointing but not entirely unexpected. I hope if it does happen they appoint a new Technical Director first though so he can be involved in the process of picking the next manager and develop the transfer strategy with them.
He could still take it. Christensen and Moses are both currently starting over more expensive option we've bought in the last 18 months. If Conte stays, Loftus-Cheek plays well this season and has a good pre-season then it's pretty easy to see him coming into the squad over other players.
Carroll's an undeniably effective player when you get him into the box. There aren't many strikers who're as physically dominant in that area of the pitch and because of that he probably would be alright for us if we used him as a late dice roll that the wide players can ping crosses into and hope for the best. I'm fairly sure Llorente was targeted for partially the same reason. But, I just don't think Carroll makes sense as a back up striker when his injury problems will make it impossible to guarantee he'll be available when we need him. If he was cheap and we had another striker who could play the Morata role then it might make some sense, but with the info we have available I'm not sure whether it'd be a great move.
That's true for exciting prospects, I'm not sure it's true for a player as established as Hazard. He's not going to surprise anyone at the World Cup, either he shows what we already know that he's capable of or he doesn't. Either way I don't think his value will change a whole lot.
I mean you don't have to imagine, just remember who United signed when they sold Cristiano Ronaldo.
You'd think that if there were some underhanded deal going on it wouldn't have gotten as far as a medical and a widely reported transfer fee before the deal fell through.
It's Guillem Balague so I'll expect a contract renewal tomorrow morning.
More like it means Balague can only get a story right if practically every football journalist on the planet reported on it first.
You've got Rose and Davies, is a left back really a priority?
I must have missed the 'focus on deus ex machina plot twists' and I can't see how lacking 'meaningful action' can be a realistic complaint from an audience that loves Transformers which has probably the least consequential and coherent action of any blockbuster I've seen.
Maybe I was lucky but I beat all the quests in the beta on a standard PS4 and never had anything as bad as you're saying. I didn't find the framerate to be bad most of the time and the drops didn't feel as noticeable as you're saying, I played a lot of BOTW Wii U and to me the two really don't compare.
That's what you get after almost a decade of major public service cuts.
Nobody thought Moses was going to be a regular starter at the beginning of last season. Credit to Conte, he's given players chances when things aren't working and our midfield definitely isn't working every game right now. Unless the midfield starts really gelling then Barkley will get chances.
He definitely would. Every time England has a really exciting young prospect they get quickly built up as the next big thing and then torn down almost immediately afterwards. The exact same thing happened with Sterling, before that it was Rooney, before that it was even Beckham for a time. The specific justifications change but the press always want someone they can pile onto. If Alli didn't put in some bad tackles they'd find something else to attack him for.
Yep. It's currently only 0.1 lower than La La Land. I find it crazy that anyone thinks this shows The Greatest Showman is underrated and not that IMDB ratings massively suck.
Not as bad as it has been though. We've won our last 5 home games against them.
Interesting article but it's a little short-sighted IMO. The writer focuses in on social media and the internet but those are just symptomatic of what is arguably a flaw with Hollywood cinema in general which is that movies as a whole just finds it easier to view things through a negative lens than a positive one. There's a pretty simple explanation for that, it's just easier to make a compelling movie where things are breaking apart than one where everything is working exactly as intended because there's no inherent drama to drive a narrative in the latter. You can see it in action in the number of dystopian movies compared with the number of utopian movies, there are far more dystopias because it's easier to show things failing than working. In a movie where social media is working it's most likely incidental to the plot rather than central to it.
IIRC a lot of analysts were initially predicting a late 2019 release frame for the PS5 but I think some have delayed that a bit to 2020. To me that seems roughly right, the PS4 Pro was probably released roughly half way through the PS4's life cycle. I wouldn't expect them to want to release a new console quickly after an upgraded hardware revision but I would expect Sony to try and beat or match Microsoft to market so late 2019 or 2020 feels accurate since it would fit into both requirements.
So if I'm getting this right you're basically looking for a foreign player good enough to play for one of the home nations, that's been at UK clubs for more than 5 years since that's the period required to be eligible for citizenship and they can't have accrued enough international experience with another country to disqualify them. It's a tough question. The only one I can think of off the top of my head is Angel Rangel. Probably wouldn't make the Wales squad now but he's been at Swansea for 10 years, I reckon he'd have gotten call ups a few years ago if he was eligible. Edit: Came up with another one. Bit of a cheat since he's young, has played a lot for France at youth levels and could easily get a full call up soon but Moussa Dembele would definitely get a call up for Scotland and probably for England.
The article makes it sound like a formality that it'll be sorted out by the council so I wouldn't worry.
I don't think being screened matters as much as you think. There have been other movies 'snubbed' that released after the nominations were released too. IMO it's because those movies don't build up a buzz around them and so BAFTA members don't go out of their way to see them. No reviews in the UK press, no word of mouth, they're just easy to miss.
Every time someone calls out a new Star Wars movie my only advice is to rewatch Episode II. It's so irredeemably bad across the board that it makes the other two prequels look good. I can't imagine watching it and any other Star Wars movie in quick succession and thinking it wasn't the worst one because there's just nothing good about it beyond some okay production design.
If we're going to do this then it's also largely Boris Johnson's fault that the London Stadium was impossible to lease out on decent terms which meant West Ham got a bargain at the expense of the local council. That deal is so bad that they couldn't afford to keep it up and had to hand it over to the GLA. Shit politicians are shit politicians regardless of party affiliation.
&gt; I'm just baffled after going through Zero wondering where all that went? Am I missing something here? I think you have. I haven't played it so can't speak to the game itself but from your post I'm not sure you know Kiwami is a remake of the original Yakuza game released at a budget price point. It's not a direct sequel to 0, it's basically a really well done HD remaster of a PS2 game. Yes it's on 0's updated engine with updated graphics but it's still the first Yakuza, they didn't completely remake it.
It actually is. Subtractive notation developed after roman numerals were already established and the older form of IIII or VIIII etc was preferred for most of the Roman period IIRC. It's still use on watches and clock faces sometimes. I wouldn't call it good form but it's definitely a real Roman numeral.
It's worth pointing out that some of those things were probably right at the time of the leak. Pokemon Stars for instance was reported on by other outlets and had some compelling evidence backing it up (there was code referencing it in official Pokemon websites for instance). Later reporting suggested it was shelved because Nintendo were happy with the Switch's line up and sales and decided to concentrate their effort on a new Pokemon game built for Switch.
&gt; He will report directly to the club’s Board of Directors and take overall responsibility for the day-to-day operations of the club &gt; He will be working with the owner and the Board to increase our commercial revenues and maximise digital opportunities, identifying new ways to best serve our supporters here in the UK and further grow our international fan base. Mostly seems to be a commercial appointment but given he'll be in charge of the club day-to-day, it's possible a lot of behind the scenes stuff like appointing a new Technical Director was on hold while he was being hired.
&gt; I honestly can't even comprehend Nintendo having a Pokemon game almost ready to go on a launch year of a console and then just deciding "nah fuck it, who needs money anyway?". That's because that's not what happened. They weren't sure about the success of the Switch so they decided to make a Pokemon game for the launch year. All they could make in the available time was an upres of a 3DS game which probably didn't look great and wasn't an inspiring sell of the Switch hardware. As it became clear they didn't need a Pokemon game because they had other big releases including another JRPG, they repositioned those development resources to make Ultra Sun and Moon instead on a platform with a bigger install base and without a big holiday release. If anything they probably made more money by cancelling Stars and making USUM than they would have by releasing Stars.
First I've heard of it and I probably would have heard of it if it had been widely reported. Sounds like a move PSG would make, can't imagine how much they'd have to offer to tempt us to sell though.
He wouldn't go on loan unless we'd already signed a back up so if this is true it probably also suggests we're close to a deal for a replacement.
We're not really being linked to top-quality strikers, it's more a Demba Ba type holdover until we can sign a proper replacement, possibly even a loan. So far there's been sketchy links to Andy Carroll and slightly better links to the Red Star Belgrade striker Richmond Boakye.
What you're responding to isn't the filmmaking, it's the writing. Great filmmaking uses the strengths of cinema to produce something that works best as a feature length movie on the big screen.
I don't know if they include bundled software but that would be one explanation for why it's so successful. The Forza Horizon 3 bundle was the cheapest way to get an Xbox One S for a lot of the year and most of the bundles I saw on Black Friday were the FH3 bundle too. If they're including pack-ins in the charts then that probably explains why it was so surprisingly high overall and kept charting throughout the year.
I get what you're saying but great filmmaking would be doing that while still rewarding the cinematic experience. There are ways to make something that's truly cinematic but also low key, it's not a straight trade off. For instance Moonlight is low-key and so much of what makes it great is the acting and script but it's still made in a way that rewards being viewed on the big screen. Just because you're captivated by the images doesn't mean that the script and actors aren't the centre of your attention.
If you read the infographic it says that factors in the algorithm include position and international status, both of which would favour Alli since more attacking players are usually worth more and an English player will get a lot more attention than a Guinean. I imagine he probably also does better under most statistical performance models since he scores quite a lot of goals for a player in his position.
Systems are built around individual qualities, you can't separate the two.
I'm going to copy my post from the Chelsea subreddit because what he said makes sense from a tactical perspective and I don't really get some of the reactions: &gt; The problem we have is that teams can just sit deep, close down space in the box and wait us out because we can't penetrate them. If we were scoring goals from outside the box - not a lot, just some - teams couldn't rely on sitting deep to defend so they'd have to come out of their shape a little bit to deal with the ball rather than waiting for it to come to them. If that happened it would open up more space in behind and make it easier for us to attack them. He's not just saying all of our problems would be solved by goals from outside the box, it's more that not being able to score goals from outside the box has a knock on effect which makes us easier to play against. The best teams tend to be able to score a lot of different types of goals because that makes it harder to defend against them since closing down one avenue of attack just opens up others.
That graph is interesting but it has problems and you can't immediately draw the conclusion you're making without more data. For instance the quantity of movies that receives a score above 90 doesn't directly indicate anything since the number of movies being released (and thus probably reviews) fluctuates and is generally rising. A better metric would be the percentage of reviewed movies that receive above 90.
The core narrative of a team of no-hopers making a bet with a higher power and then overcoming all the odds to succeed is pretty common in movies. My first thought reading that synopsis was Space Jam which has pretty much the same plot and came out in 1997.
I wouldn't go that far. I watched the second game because of the links and I thought he actually looked decent off the ball, he was causing your defenders a lot of trouble and getting into dangerous spaces so he did stand out for Belgrade. He just couldn't hit a barn door with his shooting which, ironically, is pretty much the problem we're having with Morata.
Lyon are in a pretty tight race for a CL spot, they're not going to let their best player leave now.
It seems odd from a football perspective but makes perfect sense from a publication point of view. The BBC will want his column up at the same time every week rather than shifting about confusingly throughout the week. It's the same reason MOTD is always Saturday and Sunday even though they often miss fixtures.
The Darth Jar Jar Theory has always been silly, it's fun to look at as a hypothetical but it shouldn't be taken too seriously. We know Sidious is the big bad throughout the prequels because we see him in ROTJ. I don't doubt the idea that Lucas might have had bigger plans for Jar Jar that got shelved after fan reaction but I really don't think he was ever going to be a Sith Lord. That all being said, the Jedi and the Republic as a whole were painted as flawed throughout TPM and the entire prequel trilogy. They make bad decisions, struggle to see what's right under their noses and seem out of touch. It wouldn't be entirely out of character for the way they're written for them to be wrong about the Sith.
Kaveh Solhekol has been pretty hit and miss for us. IIRC he did have some good info for at least one transfer in the summer but seems like he's wrong more than he's right. Considering he's also reiterating the story about Sanchez which has been downplayed by the best journalists for Chelsea I'm not convinced on this one, if it was happening I think we'd probably be hearing about it from someone else. Edit: Fair play to Sky, other sources are backing them up now. Seems this is one of the occasions where they do have inside knowledge.
You can work it out pretty easily just by dividing by the number of fixtures. In the top five if you averaged per game Bundesliga would be top because there are only 18 teams instead of 20 and Championship would drop below La Liga because there are 24 teams rather than 20.
I think any chance of that happening went out the window when we found out that different studios were handling the Switch version and all of the others. It wouldn't be fair anyway, a 60fps player on X1 and PC would potentially have an advantage against Switch players which wouldn't make for a good experience. Being invaded by players with a technical advantage would horrible.
I'd argue that it's actually really easy to comprehend: Aubameyang won't sign for Chelsea to be a back up and the board aren't looking to replace Morata. You can argue that it's a mistake, but the logic behind it totally makes sense. Carroll is obviously a back up choice, Aubameyang wouldn't be and the club is only looking for a back up. If they wanted Aubameyang as a starting striker they'd have gone for him in the summer.
Most people have a lot more friends and followers on social media than close friends they regularly interact with.
Yes and no. Nike negotiate a fixed deal in advance based on the expected value of shirt sales and branding etc and then clubs don’t get much per shirt sold. But, if Neymar sells a lot of shirts then the value of that contract increases so it’ll cost Nike more to renew which means the club ends up getting more money anyway, it just happens over a longe time frame.
Polyphony Digital often reuse their car models so making more cars for GT Sport most likely doesn't divert any resources away from a hypothetical GT7 because those cars will just end up in the next game anyway. In general I think it's smart for them to address the criticism of GT Sport through updates, first as a way of making good on that game for people who were disappointed and second because the design work and internal discussions going on here should result in a better and more full-featured GT7 which is good for everybody.
It's entirely enforceable. UEFA run the game in Europe and most importantly the CL and EL, they can make clubs jump through whatever hoops they decide are prudent and can investigate and enforce those rules as appropriate. It's not easy and there's probably not the willpower to enact it, but you shouldn't mistake difficulty for impossibility, if UEFA really wanted to make this happen then they could.
I wonder if stories like this will help convince the 'critics are bribed' crowd that review scores are meaningless for box office and so Disney et al have literally no reason to pay for them. That might improve the conversation surrounding some movies.
This is great. Best case scenario it averts a massive miscarriage of justice and saves the World Cup. Worst case something crazy happens and we all have something to complain about for years to come which to be honest is almost as good. Either way the neutral wins, we just have to hope it's not our team that gets fucked over.
I’m pretty sure Sky is one of the things going to Disney as part of the 21st Century Fox acquisition so Murdoch won’t be directly involved soon anyway. Still good not to have it all under one roof of course, just that Murdoch isn’t really the argument against it anymore.
There's a lot to like about Inquisition, I don't get why some people think it's an irredeemable game. For me personally the good wasn't enough to outweigh my issues but for some it was, I don't really know why you'd have a problem with that. There are some genuinely great characters with compelling stories, it felt like the first Dragon Age game to have an aesthetic that fit the game and the world, they did some interesting things with the changeability of the open worlds too and the plot they wrote gave the franchise a much needed and genuinely interesting new direction that makes me interested in future instalments. The most disappointing thing about Inquisition to me is that you can see really good things happening, it just doesn't come together as a whole, not that it's an altogether bad game.
There's a lot to be said about whether Chelsea are generally dependent on Hazard or not but I feel like it's a bit unfair to talk about it as a chronic problem in the context of a game where we were missing Willian, Morata and Fabregas for most of the game. I think most teams would struggle to assert themselves if they were missing their playmaker, starting striker and were playing with an out of position midfielder on the wing regardless of whether they were dependent on one player or not.
You just know that if we'd won the headline would have been 'Arsenal are drifting and the Wenger era looks to be in its end game'.
They were already able to make substantially more money outside of the BBC. Almost everyone at the BBC can because it pays below market rate for top talent and production staff. People work there because they want to and/ or because they believe in the BBC, not because it's a cash cow.
That's literally the point of the article though. Venice *could* have a major club that made people want to go there to watch football but it doesn't which seems like an oversight in an era where huge sports teams are a big tourism money spinner.
Some players are late bloomers, Lingard seems to be one of them. We've gotten so obsessed with players having meteoric rises to go from obscurity to world class in a season or two that people forget there are a lot of players out there who just keep grinding away and getting better year on year.
If both leave at the end of this season? Probably us. We wouldn't sell Hazard cheaply so we'd get a lot to reinvest into the squad whereas Özil would leave on a free so you won't get anything back to spend aside from freed up wages. If Hazard doesn't extend and leaves cheap after next season or the one after then I have no idea though.
That's a bad example because they're another, more renowned club that also has Manchester in their name. Sporting Lisbon isn't confusing, when you use it everyone knows exactly which club you're talking about, Sporting fans just don't like it.
Market research and sales data probably suggests to publishers that games with real-time combat systems do better than those with turn-based systems.
There are multiple patents mentioned in the article. One for the controller that's pictured and another for a separate form of finger tracking that's similar to Valve's design which isn't pictured.
More likely they're just getting the info independently from Celtic. Just because somewhere else reported it first doesn't mean later stories don't have their own sources, far from it, you almost always see the BBC reporting on stories later than other outlets but they tend to be more rigorous and only report on things which are basically done and they've been told as much by the club.
Two big problems with that. The first is that the Championship promotion race is way too tight to reliably bet on anyone getting promoted except Wolves and they don't need anyone on loan. European football at Celtic is better than a season and a half in the Championship IMO. The second problem is that a team promoted into the PL suddenly has a lot more money to spend and if they feel that they really need a winger on loan in January, there's a good chance they'll try and buy a player for the position in the summer after getting promoted pushing Musonda down the pecking order. An 18 month loan to a club where circumstances are likely to change a lot seems like a bad idea. I'm not sure how good a choice Celtic is, but you can at least tell that nothing dramatic is likely to change between now and the end of next season because nothing drastic has changed at Celtic for years.
Probably. He's a very similar player to some of the other strikers we've been linked to but better than most of them.
I feel like I've read far more about Neymar being in Messi's shadow in the half a season since he moved than I ever did before. If his intention was to separate himself from Messi and be judged on his own merits rather than being endlessly compared with Messi then it's been a complete failure. Between the Cavani 'feud' and the constant 'stepping out of Messi's shadow' stories, it feels like his actual footballing performances are being overshadowed by off-field narratives.
This is actually a really interesting point that I hadn't considered before (though it's quite obvious now that I have). Retail will hate this move which incentivises them to push PS4s and Switches over Xbox Ones. I don't know if they actually will, but a big part of the reason publishers and platform holders have been so reticent to be aggressive with digital game sales like they are on Steam is the retail market which is still really strong for consoles. How retail stores react to this move by Microsoft will probably have quite a big impact on the digital gaming market over the next few years.
Why am I reminded of rats fleeing a sinking ship? Though of course in this case he helped steer the ship into the iceberg in the first place.
Exactly. There was actually a Digital Foundry piece fairly recently which hypothesised that the way components had been developing recently meant that the most significant advance in next gen consoles is likely to be the processor rather than the GPU. So while there will obviously be graphical improvements, the biggest jump is likely to be in things like physics, AI, the numbers of NPCs on screen at any given time and other aspects of world simulation. It might not be quite as impressive in a two minute trailer, but those have the potential to be much bigger steps forward from a game design perspective than a simple graphical upgrade would be.
There was a great quote from an economist on Twitter earlier which I'll paraphrase: An economist can't tell you how much you'll weigh in ten years, but they can tell you that you'll weigh less if you eat healthily and exercise than you would if you did nothing and ate burgers every day. Economic forecasts are often wrong just like the weather forecast is often wrong, it doesn't mean the underlying methodology is flawed, it just means that reality is more complex than the models we can create, but you can't bank on that happening every time. Sometimes they're right, sometimes they're wrong, but doing something with no evidence just because our best evidence is sometimes wrong is moronic. You'd be an idiot to go to the beach in shorts and a t-shirt when the weather forecast said snow was likely, and you'd be an idiot if you bet the house on an economic plan experts say will result in major economic contraction.
Leicester are definitely not going to accept 40m.
Kante said he was going to leave either way and we were offering more than the release clause so we were the best option for Leicester.
I don't think it's true just because it's 4chan and it's so easy to fake but the feedback part doesn't seem particularly unbelievable because that's what they've done with Fallout so far. The single biggest gameplay criticism of Fallout 3 was the shooting and they definitely spent time working on the shooting in 4 so that it felt more satisfying and useable. In terms of story they took on board criticism of the direction they'd taken the BoS in and worked to take them back to their roots, they also clearly tried to make the main story choices a little less binary than they were in Fallout 3 because people didn't like that it was effectively a good\-vs\-bad situation. Even within the dev cycle for Fallout 4 they took on board a lot of the criticism of the main game with Far Harbour in particular.
Pretty much. The FA needs to be standing up for the players because they have the power to pressure the press into being less shitty \(restricting access and the like\), all Southgate can do is paint an even bigger target on his back and spark a media furore at a time when he needs to be concentrating on football.
I don't think it'll effect the whole market in the way you're suggesting because most clubs would just keep their top players and wait for prices to rise again rather than sell when it's low. But, it might cause some problems for clubs facing financial penalties like Milan. They're stuck in a position where they have to sell but a potential influx of former Sporting players available on free transfers would make it harder to attract interest and so there's the possibility that they'd have to sell lower than they'd like. But something similar but on a smaller scale happens most seasons, IIRC we got Rüdiger last season for less than Roma wanted to let him go for because the FFP deadline was imminent and other deals had fallen through.
There's Gamebryo under there somewhere but they've still updated the hell out of the engine over time which makes it an open question. As an example of what that means, they could run a remaster on the updated engine and use that to bring updated features back to the older game. Dark Souls Remastered is running on an updated version of the DS engine using some features they made for later releases.
I don't think they're competing for the same position. Assuming we're going to be using the 3\-5\-2 from qualifiers which seems to be based on the one Spurs used earlier in the season, Alli's more likely to be in the front 2 playing off Kane whereas Lingard is behind in the Eriksen role.
I think he's played both roles in the system, but the key thing is that Spurs have Eriksen and we don't, so far as I know Spurs have never played the system with Alli as the core creative output in midfield and that's the role Lingard is being given. There's a quote from Southgate after some friendlies last year where Alli had played well which basically said he doesn't view Alli as the team's creative #10, at the time he was talking about Lallana being that player but I think in general he rates Alli's attacking ability much higher than his creative ability. That's why we've seen Loftus\-Cheek and now Lingard played in that role but not Alli.
If the reporting in this article is good it's actually pretty easy in this case. They wanted Sarri and that's become difficult, so they've started interviewing candidates again. In the interviews, the guy who speaks Russian and used to play for Chelsea has a much easier time pitching for the job to Abramovich than the other candidates. Considering the last couple of managers have had a completely communications breakdown, I think Abramovich probably likes the idea of someone he can talk to personally.
You'd think the Morning Star of all people would be wary of trying to use the shortcomings of a multi\-national union to discredit a political ideology. People in glass houses, you know.
He wasn't a fullback for Sporting was he? I thought he was a centre back who was played as a right back by Spurs because they needed cover but he never liked playing that position and refused junior international call ups because they wanted him to play there.
&gt;Tracey is better than this. Nah. Nobody can make a consistently great topical sketch show. Saturday Night Live in the US has the same problem and it has a much bigger writing staff and huge comedy talent. You just have to hope that the hits are good enough to outweigh the misses.
The source is 'Pagine Romaniste' which I've never heard of so I'm going to assume it's pretty low, I've never seen them mentioned despite us signing a couple of players from Roma recently.
We have no idea what the club's spending is going to be like to be honest. Before the Sarri shenanigans there were reports that the club was preparing to spend quite a lot to overhaul the squad. Since the Sarri business, transfer reports have basically shut down. You assume that if the club is hesitant to spend £8m on a manager that they don't want to spend a lot of money, and that's certainly the tone over at the subreddit, but it's impossible to say until the dust settles a bit.
A lot of city centres were rebuilt after the war but ended up really run down after the decline of UK industry and chronic underinvestment in the 80s and early 90s. Thatcherism was basically a con where they'd sell off public assets and pump the proceeds into things Tory voters wanted. Since cities tended to be predominantly Labour voters, many of them declined heavily through underinvestment. When New Labour came to power, they invested quite heavily in regeneration to revitalise the local economies. Whether it worked is open to interpretation, but that's mostly why so many cities in England were redeveloped in the 90s and 2000s.
Apart from all of the other red flags, Jeff Gerstmann at Giant Bomb pointed out that Sony don't even use the term 'press conference' for their events. If you ever see a piece of paper labelled 'Sony E3 Press Conference' know that it's 99&amp;#37; sure to be faked just because of that.
Watford have Amrabat who's out on loan and in the Morocco squad. If Carrillo doesn't count because he's on loan then Amrabat would and vice versa.
I think they probably offered the money because if he's a free agent there'll be a bunch of competition for his signature. Paying a bit more upfront is maybe worth it if the alternative is having to outbid half the big teams in Europe on wages while also not being able to offer CL football. It's a bit like Liverpool buying Naby Keita last season. They spent more upfront than they probably would this season, but they don't have to risk competing with clubs like Real Madrid or Barcelona who were also supposedly interested.
There's been some speculation that there's new Gear of War and Halo games on the way so they might have one of those ready for a holiday release.
I always think Arma looks cool from a distance but it's way too intimidating for me to ever actually get into it so I'm interested to see what they'd do with a game designed for consoles. If they can capture the essence of what makes Arma look cool while rounding off some of the most impenetrable hardcore simulator edges then I'd be interested in trying it out.
What does a Perfect Dark reboot done right even look like at this point though? I don't know how you update an N64 shooter when console FPS design has changed so much over time.
The movie kind of justifies it though. When they get to Kessel she impersonates a slave owner and the local overseer/ boss completely buys it so clearly she wasn't recognisable to that level of gang member. She'd been in the Crimson Dawn for a maximum of three years so it's not that hard to imagine she was pretty much unknown. Plus fame seems like a weird thing in Star Wars, Jango Fett is one of the most famous bounty hunters in the galaxy but Obi Wan has no idea who he is despite previous dealings with bounty hunters (and in the new canon Mandalorians), Rey also knew the Millennium Falcon and Han Solo, both were famous but she didn't recognise either.
&gt;The last Jedi is a clusterfuck of genres, without any clear style/path/course. It is a bit bland because of that I'd argue that blending genres is pretty much the defining characteristic of Star Wars, I'd also argue that creating something which managed to feel different but also familiar is why the franchise succeeded. The original movie is a blend of western, samurai movie, sci\-fi, fantasy and war movie. Before they cut them it even had a bunch of American Graffiti style coming\-of\-age scenes with Luke and his friends. Pretty much everyone in the audience can relate to one or more of those genres, that's why it became so huge. To me that shows Johnson understood the source material. I don't agree with every decision he made, but I definitely think he understood what making a Star Wars movie meant and it always felt like Star Wars.
Given our last couple of tournaments I'd chalk that up as a success that we can build off of.
Last season in the league Arsenal averaged more possession in games than Napoli and were only slightly behind PSG, and that was during a poor season. If they'd been able to play how they wanted to, they'd easily have been ahead of both. They've been a possession\-based side for years, they've just gotten worse at it recently, partly because they didn't have players like Torreira.
I'm not saying it would be fun, I'm saying they've done it before and could do it again.
He'd definitely fit in terms of quality but if we had a playmaker like Fabregas the entire England set up would be completely different. It was designed to make up for not having a player like him.
This is actually pretty interesting, I never knew the legislation was granular enough to specify particular types of programming. Given that it's all recorded anyway it doesn't strike me as the democratic crisis he presents it as, HIGNFY and other satirical current affairs shows just tend to mock text transcripts which can be just as funny, but he's right that it's outdated and should probably be scrapped.
It doesn't mean much without clarification really. Could mean there are no real NPCs or it could mean there are a bunch of factions they just make them all ghouls, super mutants, robots and other non\-human characters so that you can instantly tell they're NPCs.
I thought TLOU2 did as well. Admittedly I still use a regular PS4 and not a Pro so maybe the jump is less obvious, but having just finished God of War both games looked a step beyond. If you told me they were being positioned as cross\-gen games and the gameplay was on a PC specced like a PS5 I'd believe you.
Strictly speaking I think it's technically illegal to watch the BBC or ITV live without paying the license fee regardless of whether you do it on a TV or via their web services. ITV's on\-demand content isn't covered by the license fee though so if you don't mind not watching it live, you could sign up for their service and watch games on catch\-up. I don't think there's any loophole for live coverage.
If the reporting is accurate, the government conceded to most of the Grieve amendment so he more or less got what he wanted. Edit: So reporting now is more mixed. The rebels think they got their concessions, the government/ Brexiteers think they didn't, but it still has to go through the Lords which is broadly on the side of the rebels so I'd expect their position to be formalised on the next pass.
No, people will pay to play *some* games two times, but only games they already loved and usually only for a reduced price. But, if you have backwards compatibility Sony can sell them every PS4 game. That has the potential to be worth a lot more money in the long run with almost zero risk. And of course Sony can keep making remasters anyway, Shadow of the Colossus and Ratchet &amp; Clank are great examples of how you make a remaster that's worth buying even if you already own the original.
The Xbox One X and PS4 Pro were sold very specifically as upgraded versions of their base console and they were designed and branded in particular ways because of it. As far as I know neither company has ever committed to forwards compatibility and the fact that we're still talking about hardware generations suggests that everyone still views the cycle in those terms. Of course that doesn't mean they won't with their first party content, but I would be surprised if Sony in particular locked themselves into the PS4 Pro CPU. That would pose a major barrier to the development of more sophisticated games.
The thing that makes that unlikely is them saying they removed raiders because they want players to know immediately if another character is a real player or an NPC. We already know ghouls are NPCs so if players can become ghouls it ruins the entire premise of not having human NPCs like raiders.
I don't think you understand that him leaving isn't the main problem, people would be complaining a lot less if he'd announced this two months ago or two months from now. There's precedent for it, it wasn't a major problem when Conte was Italy manager because all of the details were squared away long before the tournament. But announcing you're going to leave a week before a major tournament after renewing your contract is ridiculously unprofessional. The renewal was all about stability, it's why national managers often get renewals before tournaments so they can head into it with a clear mind and as few lingering doubts over the future as possible, what he's done is destroy that stability and as a result jeopardise Spain's chances at the World Cup.
I mean you could just as easily make the argument that sterling rose because the government made a meaningful concession that reduced the chance of hard Brexit.
I still don't get this argument. There are more single player games now than there have ever been, far too many for anyone to ever play them all to completion. It only makes sense if you think single player gaming is exclusively linear AAA games with absolutely no online functionality whatsoever, but that's like saying there are no big movies anymore because they don't make many Westerns, if you just broaden your horizons a little bit there's still a ton to watch.
Which really is great, but I always think it's worth pointing out that Sony made similar progressive moves last generation and at the beginning of this one. It's damage control for a struggling product, a way of getting attention and goodwill from gamers when you're behind. The true test of the Xbox brand and Phil Spencer's leadership will be if all of those positive developments continue and expand when they're not behind or if the ego of the Xbox One launch will return. Sony aren't as bad as they were in the PS2 era leading into the PS3 but they've still failed that test IMO.
They didn't result in goals but that doesn't mean they were failures. We had bigger problems when it came to scoring, the back passes still created dangerous chances on goal quite often.
7 posts down there's an article saying PSG will have to make €60m in player sales and then this says they're looking at what would end up being over €200m worth of midfielders. They can't both be right.
A couple of years ago analysts were speculating that the PS5 was probably scheduled for 2019. Since that puts the Pro launch right in the middle of the PS4 life cycle it makes sense. But given how they've spoken since then, and the fact that Microsoft definitely aren't rushing to beat them to market, a delay to 2020 makes sense now too. They have a dominant market position and the software line up we know about runs through the end of 2019 and maybe the beginning of 2020. Hopefully if there is a delay it'll also help them get their next\-gen software off to a good start. PS4 has had great first party support but it took a couple of years to really get to the point it is now.
If there's around as much time between Horizon and Horizon 2 as there was between Shadow Fall and Horizon, it could well be an early PS5 title. After all Sony had Guerrilla make their biggest launch title for the PS4 and it is a studio known for technical excellence so it would make a lot of sense.
Is there a Chelsea scout in Italy who just has a Roma season ticket and recommends every player in their squad?
The positive difference is that even if both reject us we're still left with Rüdiger, Christensen, Cahill and Luiz which isn't awful. Plus it wouldn't be summer without a hideously long and drawn out transfer saga over a top player that ends up with us being rejected.
&gt;Imagine if the game turns out to receive a major downgrade when it is releases. People would probably never trust Naughty Dog/Sony again. Nah. Downgrades only get major attention when the game at the end isn't as good as people hoped. The Witcher 3 had some pretty major downgrades but how many people talk about it now? Not a lot and it hasn't stopped people being hyped over the E3 demo for Cyberpunk 2077 that's meant to be really good. Nobody will care if TLOU Part 2 doesn't match up to the E3 trailer as long as it's a great game, and if it's not a great game then downgrades won't be the only problem.
Before Batman: Arkham Asylum, Rocksteady's only previous game was Urban Chaos: Riot Response, a game I've never played and never heard anyone talk about before. It seems like it did okay critically but I think that was a pretty major jump to creating (IMO) one of the best PS3/ 360 games, arguably one of the most influential combat systems ever and establishing Rocksteady as one of the most exciting AAA studios.
Probably not. The article is based on a player spotting a feature in the PS Now interface on PS4. To make it work on PC they'd either need to port the games, only support games already on PC or have a working emulator. We've got no evidence of any of them. It seems much more likely that they're just changing the service on PS4 to be more like Game Pass with a streaming option, the service on PC and other devices probably won't change.
Not exactly surprising, he reports what the board tells him and the board is silent. That’s why all of the news is coming from Italy where Sarri and Napoli are being a lot more talkative. When they actually start signing players though he’ll probably get some more stories fed to him
Paul Clement who you sacked and who’s only had middling success in management was assistant manager at the La Decima winning Real side, us when we broke the PL goal record and a bunch of other Ancelotti-managed clubs. Being a good assistant and being a good manager are completely different disciplines.
There’s no point in next gen systems if they just run current games at 4K60. They need to justify new consoles with experiences that were never possible before. If the main boost is the CPU, that means things like better physics, AI and world simulation. Smooth frame rates are obviously nice but it shouldn’t be a barrier to meaningful gameplay progression. Also frame rate is generally tied to GPU, that’s why the Pro and X can deliver boosted frame rates with a (comparably) minor CPU boost.
Well it could be genuinely worse but you also have to take it account that Gotti only has 23 reviews while the Emoji Movie has more than four times that many and Fant4stic has more than ten times as many. Lower sample size makes conformity less of a surprise while also making the score more volatile. If one of the next two reviews is positive it'd jump up to 4&amp;#37;.
Spoilers: &gt;!The epilogue/ secret ending is Atreus' vision of the future and begins with the text 'years later', that seemed like a pretty obvious tease for the start of the next game IMO and so probably suggests there will be a period of years before the next game.!&lt;
Yeah, they only release one Smash per generation anyway so it's not like it's going to be replaced imminently, and if they keep adding stages and characters via DLC then when the next system comes out they could easily release a 'Complete Edition' version with all the DLC for full price and people would buy it. I could definitely see Smash becoming more of a platform than a game franchise, at least for a while.
Well she kind of double-crossed Grieve but he also laid a trap for her which she promptly fell in. The Grieve amendment can be brought back by the Lords and end up in the Commons for another vote but May's now shown Tory rebels that her word behind closed doors doesn't mean anything. The rebels lost nothing whereas it's now going to be much harder for May to talk down even reluctant rebels because none of them are going to believe her again.
Speculation is that Alli's going to start in midfield so that wouldn't be particularly unexpected. He's one of the best goalscorers in the squad.
You can't really be worse than always wrong.
I think the problem it's falling into for some people is the same one MGSV had. I heard people calling that game's combat repetitive when it's one of the most open combat systems of any game I've ever played. The problem in both games is that (at least on easier difficulty settings) it's easy to settle into one way of playing and never change it. So it gets boring because the player isn't experimenting and the player isn't experimenting because there's no need for them to. If you choose to engage, it rewards you with a lot of depth, but if you just spam the same attacks and win it's easy to think that's as deep as it goes.
He went for a pretty attacking line up so it makes sense. Cahill's pretty good from set pieces but Maguire takes the ball and makes runs forward so if you think we're likely to dominate possession and have defenders roaming forwards to join the attack then Maguire's a better choice.
He's obviously talking about internationally. The three players he listed were the most important players in World Cup winning squads.
That was a very different atmosphere. It felt like a derby so it was less of a grind and more of an end-to-end knockabout.
I think there's a sense that we might overperform early expectations which were insanely low. Most of the 'we're going to win' talk is still sarcastic, but perhaps been bolstered a little bit by the big teams underperforming. If we get out of the groups without being embarrassed by Belgium I think the hype will properly ramp up though.
I doubt they'd have to prove it was done on purpose. If the core complaint is that the club put them in danger then just proving negligence in the security arrangements would presumably be enough to win the case. That's a lot easier than proving malicious intent.
It's my game of the generation so yes, I think everyone with a PS4 should play it. In my opinion there's no game on the system that plays as well during the action, with a huge array of options and approaches for every encounter. If you like stealth games or combat sandboxes it's easily one of the best ever made. The complaints about the story are valid, but the game would be worth playing if there was no story whatsoever so they definitely shouldn't stop you playing it. The only thing I don't know about is the resource patch that came well after the game came out and apparently slowed down progression, getting some of the cool weapons and gadgets is probably a little bit slower now than it was before which isn't ideal, but again the core gameplay still more than makes up for it.
People going to the World Cup aren't seeing the 'real Russia' though, you never do at major sporting events. World Cup and Olympic host cities bend over backwards to make themselves into almost Disneyland-like versions of themselves to attract tourists afterwards. They know there are cameras and journalists everywhere so do everything they can to look good. Isn't that pretty common knowledge?
First-party emulator development has some major advantages over outside efforts. In effect the developers of something like RPCS3 are trying to reverse engineer the PS3 from limited information whereas Sony knows exactly how it was made and have all the relevant technical documentation. If they dedicate resources to the project, you would expect an official emulator to run substantially better than anything unofficial and come together much quicker. Of course we don't know if that would be enough to run on a PS5, we don't even know for sure what kind of specs the PS5 will be targeting, but if the RPCS3 developers can get games running at all then it sets a promising precedent.
It's not that misleading. Hines does give a couple of details on how the game discourages griefing through mechanics like inventory persistence. It also doesn't seem to be a case of them planning to implement these systems, the quotes heavily suggest that those systems are already designed and implemented into the game. Personally I found it pretty informative considering it had previously been compared to Rust and it's now clear that those comparisons aren't very accurate when it comes to how hardcore the PvP is.
Everything west of the Ural Mountains is generally considered to be Europe and that’s where something like 3/4 of the population live and where the stadiums are. Plus of course in footballing terms Russia is a member of UEFA.
If he signed the headline is guaranteed to be 'Pjanic on the streets of London'.
That's unfair, when you read the quotes it's clear that she's not blaming the people or communities. She's saying that the lack of aspiration and drive is coming primarily from 'economic dislocation', that's obviously pointing the finger at failures on a policy level.
We've been linked with loads, they're just not going to happen until there's a manager.
He'll go to Bayern for cheap in the next couple of years. That's how almost every promising young German player goes and is probably especially true of Brandt given how much Bayern need to rejuvenate their forward options.
Not great. I don't think the position he was asked to play suits him as much as being a little deeper with more space to operate. Against Tunisia they were sat deep so even though he was playing almost as a #10, he still had space to operate in whereas Panama were closing him down and he usually had several players around him at all times. He had a couple of alright runs, made some decent passes, but overall was mediocre at best. But honestly it was a bad game to rate performances on. They never really had to play, the early goals buried the game and the atmosphere changed to being more like a friendly with all the urgency removed.
They've had some good stuff there too but I'll always remember the piece that said it was almost inevitable that Harry Kane's second PL season would be worse than his first because of reversion to the mean. Turns out he was just really good.
Not exactly breaking canon when you consider how fucked up Hogwarts is though. Safety precautions are clearly not a priority.
Sports journalism is fine, writing transfer fluff isn't journalism.
It's not that surprising when you consider that there's a generation of fans who've never experienced anything better than this with England. The 5-1 over Germany was in 2001 so any fan younger than about 22 has no chance of remembering it. 2006 was alright but after that we've disappointed in every major tournament. What you're experiencing is the first time England has collectively felt really good about a competitive game in more than a decade. That's why we're excited about it.
Can't speak for Ipswich but he was Shrewsbury manager last season and a decent amount of their success was based on some smart loan signings that played regularly with the first team so he has precedent for doing well with loaned players at least.
I imagine this is trolling but even then, your logic is wildly inconsistent: &gt;Limit number of players on each side of the field. For example, midfield and attacking players can enter opponents side of the field, but backline players may not. Likewise, midfield and defensive players are allowed in their own half, but attackers cannot help to enable the "park the bus" mentality. How would stopping 3-5 defensive players from going into the opposition half stop defensive play in any way? Attacking players would now be outnumbered in the opposition half making them easier to defend against, not harder. You'd also be forcing fullbacks to become more defensive when the trend in recent football has been pushing them forwards and attacking more, ruling out another source of attacking play and making the game even more defensive. Perhaps more importantly, how the hell do you decide what a 'defensive' player is. Roles are basically made up, they give us a rough idea of how a player functions on the pitch but you can't tell from a team sheet how they play. Look at Marcelo versus Azpilicueta under Mourinho. Both left backs but one spends half his time as a third centre back and the other is almost a winger. How do you decide which one has to stay in their own half? Does Marcelo just have to be listed as a wingback to play the exact game he already does or are you going to enforce some weird rules about mandatory player positioning?
If we sell Courtois for that much we’ll probably try for Alisson. There’s nobody else on the market and a Brazilian from Roma is pretty much exactly our target profile.
Marca’s a mix between a crappy tabloid and Real Madrid’s mouthpiece. 95% of what they report is shit, the other 5% is directly from Real Madrid. In this case both mean it’s shit.
Damn that's a shame. But, to be fair, half the English commentators would pronounce it incorrectly anyway so it'd probably still work.
I had no idea what 'recompact' meant in this context so I looked it up. Recompact is the translation from Italian for the word 'recompra' in the headline. If you translate from Spanish though, the definition is 'buyback' which I assume is the actual meaning it refers to since that makes a lot more sense. I guess it must be a loan word or google translate is messed up or something. Anyway, unless there's something I'm missing that's a pretty big deal and probably a dealbreaker. No way the club spends €35m+ on a player with a buyback. But the text of the article makes it sound more it would be a sell-on clause which is possibly more likely and more realistic from both sides.
Loan with an option to buy is just how Italian clubs do business, in practice this means the club is trying to sell him but the only/ the best offer is from Fiorentina who want a loan first. Sometimes these deals have clauses which make the purchase mandatory after they've played a certain number of minutes, sometimes it's mandatory to activate the buyout and sometimes it's optional, but if the club actually wanted to keep Pasalic it wouldn't have any of them.
That's only because all of the favourites have been poor though. I think in most World Cups we'd be looking at this Brazil team as vulnerable but they're getting more credit than that because of how mediocre the other sides have been (or just bad in some cases).
The crazy thing about all of this is that just the protesters that attended the march in London the other day would be enough to completely transform the Tory party or go a long way to transforming Labour. And they're a fraction of the hardcore Remainers, there may or may not be a Remain majority in Britain now, but there's more than enough strong Remainers to completely transform both major political parties, install only pro-European candidates (may be a little harder with the Conservatives since I don't know how their selection process works on a local level, I do know that it's typically more centralised than Labour though) and help ensure their next leader is a Remainer. It's just a question of how you make Brexit a party political issue strong enough to convince marchers that a sub fee and a little bit of engagement is worth more than their time on a march. If someone can do that then the whole thing could be stopped.
The real reason is probably travel arrangements and the logistics of managing a tournament where teams and fans have to fly thousands of miles between games. It makes sense on that level, but I agree with you, an extra day or two rest in the middle of the tournament would probably be better for the competition overall than having dead rubbers between top teams. This could have been one of the highlights of the group stages but now it's probably going to be meaningless.
After this World Cup the UEFA Nations League starts up and FIFA's ranking system changes to a system based on Elo rankings. The combined effect of more competitive games against better teams plus a less exploitable ranking system will change things a lot, but my gut feeling is that it'd benefit a team like Germany and make the rankings more stable so it's easier for them to stay higher.
&gt; 4 different outlets wrote an article about the exact same thing in a span of around 4 days. Well yeah... that’s how news coverage works. A story breaks and then people comment on it. Ubisoft made some stupid wishy-washy comment about their games not being political (which is literally impossible, avoiding politics is a political choice) and a bunch of outlets got pitches for articles about it. A few days later all the articles are delivered and published. That’s not ‘anti-Ubisoft hate’, it’s how the industry works. Pick some breaking news about any other publisher and the cycle would be the same.
It wasn't entirely risk free. Whenever you play there's always a chance of injuries and resting your first team also means you realistically get an extra day of training ahead of your knockout game. I do agree it feels like a missed opportunity though. If we lose against Colombia a lot of questions will be asked (though if we win it'll probably be forgotten).
If they'd offered him £100m to spend on players I imagine his targets would have been more ambitious. As it stands you're complaining that his supposed targets were bad when it's obvious that the core problem was that there was no money available. It's not like the club signed someone instead of Biabiany or Candreva, they just didn't bother signing another winger and it was a problem all season. Considering the talk about him having problems with the dressing room, it also seems probable he was aiming for players he'd worked with before to strengthen his influence on the squad.
The free kick against Panama was classic lack of concentration from a big win. The same set piece in the first ten minutes would have been defended easily but when you're six up you're not doing the little things. I also think it's harsh to say we were fortunate to win a game we dominated and where we were denied a couple of obvious penalties. We squandered too many good chances and we gave away a cheap penalty, but we were easily the better team for the majority of the game.
We might not need Seri and Golovin specifically but I definitely don't think one midfielder is enough. IMO we need someone who can do a job defensively if Kante is unavailable. We looked shocking when he was missing last season, and while Sarri's preferred play style would suit a less defensive midfield better than Conte's did, a more defensive player is always going to be necessary. Unless they're going to promote Ampadu or try and convert Christensen that realistically means signing someone else.
He's played different teams in all three of his games, changing the formation once and the personnel repeatedly. That makes it pretty clear that even if he knows what he wants to do, he doesn't know how best to deliver it. Great defensive sides still have to know how to win games, a draw doesn't cut it in the World Cup, and for a team with the depth of attacking talent France has, you've looked shockingly blunt.
I wonder if we'll see players like Sessegnon and Sancho get call ups in friendlies like this when the World Cup is done. This tournament was a bit too early for them but with two years to the Euros it seems like a decent enough time to give them a run out and see if they do well. He wasn't shy about giving call ups to players like Solanke and Loftus-Cheek shortly after their debuts and while Sancho and Sessegnon are younger, they're not really any less experienced in terms of first team football.
Playing regularly, even in the lower leagues, is much better for a young player than being an unused back up at Chelsea. I imagine they're keeping him around to do pre-season with the first team and that makes sense, but unless Sarri really takes a shine to him, a loan move would probably be much better for him than staying would. Because there's been so many poor loans recently we forget how good they can be. Look at Mount, he went from being a relatively untested youth player to being one of the best players in the Eredivisie and on the verge of an international call up.
Argentina scored an absolute worldy, a lucky deflection and a late goal when France were inviting pressure on. If that's too leaky then I don't think any team is tight enough at the back honestly, the scoreline flattered Argentina and France outplayed them.
Gilliam's Watchmen too. It might have been a disaster or it might have been inspired, but either way it would have been fascinating to see.
&gt; Or, to put it more eloquently, the fanbase of Rockstar is still impossibly naïve in regards to the amount of greed GTA online has awoken amongst their favourite game developer and their publisher. This only works if you ignore the fact that RDR2 is their biggest and most impressive singleplayer game yet. You can call it greedy if you like but there's more content and craftsmanship in that game than almost any other game this generation. I don't care about RDRO, I don't care about GTAO, but I do care about the singleplayer of RDR2 and they've spent 5 years working on something amazing when they could have easily put out a much smaller and shorter game like the original and nobody would have complained.
&gt; which somehow the site understood as "the next Xbox and PS5 will use AMD APUs and will launch in 2020!!!!". That's not as much of an overreach as it might look given other context. AMD's CEO said this year that they're working with Sony and Microsoft on new console designs so it's incredibly likely that they're designing the chips in the PS5 and next Xbox. APUs are very likely for all the same reasons they're in the PS4 and X1. So we know it's almost certain that the PS5 uses AMD and fairly likely that it's an APU, which means AMD talking about rises in the APU market are quite relevant for predicted launch dates IMO, at least unless someone can point to another reason they might be forecasting growth in the sector.
That doesn't make sense. The sports games are licensed to EA under the assumption that they'll release across most platforms. FIFA, NFL and other sports organisations treat the games as both a licensing cash cow and a marketing opportunity, exclusivity potentially harms both by limiting the audience. If EA sold to Microsoft and tried to make those games exclusive, they'd lose the licenses to some other publisher who did offer multiplat releases, and then they'd become much less valuable as a result. Microsoft buying EA only makes sense if they treat the sports games like they treat Minecraft and release them on other platforms anyway. But if they do that, it's hard to see how EA would be worth the huge investment to them.
John Denver songs were strangely common and important to the plot of quite a few movies in 2017. Take Me Home, Country Roads was used in Alien: Covenant, Logan Lucky and Kingsman 2 while other Denver tracks were used in Okja and Free Fire. It was the 20th anniversary of his death so it's possible that contributed, but there's no obvious reason why so many different movies would feature his music so prominently.
Pretty much all factual television is designed to entertain. There's not much use producing something for TV if it's so tedious that nobody wants to watch it. In editing, they'll make a trade off between actual truth and emotional truth, which is to say they'll decide at what point the 'narrative' of what they want to convey (in this case the journey of a young lion) outweighs absolute accuracy of showing a single encounter in exactly the terms it happened. It's misleading but then so is pretty much every documentary you've ever watched. Life doesn't exist in easily digestible chunks, nor does nature, so when you try to neatly fit a real story into a TV or movie-length format, there are almost always going to be concessions.
The comment you're highlighting is a [reply to another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/a1wn80/rocksteadys_founder_and_game_director_confirms/eateqji/). I'm pretty sure he's just saying that it's not an online Teen Titans game, he's not commenting on the post as a whole.
The original has almost 240k user reviews and the sequel has just over 3k, I'd suggest waiting until those numbers were a little bit closer before trying to extrapolate too much from the data.
You could always make roofs, it just wasn't mandatory. No idea if that's changed but IIRC they said that first-person mode was added to make it easier to navigate confined spaces so I suppose it's easier now even if you still don't need to.
Sports games use it because they have to enter hundreds or perhaps thousands of faces every year. It's not feasible for them to model every notable footballer or basketball player by hand so they created a technological solution. No other developer has really had to confront that problem because no other developer is creating digital versions of so many real people. The in-game feature that players can access is almost certainly just a version of that. As to whether it's expensive? I have no idea, but it's not a feature that people buy a game for so it's just never going to be a priority.
This has been a really rough holiday window for any multiplat game that's not FIFA, COD or RDR2, though even FIFA seems to have dropped in price quicker than normal. Goes to show why so many publishers delayed their games till 2019, a few big exclusives and RDR2 have really eaten up the market.
TBF he played like 20 minutes on the right in the Europa League game last week and looked decent. His assist to Morata came while he was on the right. And honestly, if he wants a chance at playing in this side he's probably going to have to play there because he's never going to get many league minutes on the left while Hazard is at the club.
Oh yeah, I'm not saying I expect him to play there. Just that it's not entirely accurate to say he's just a left winger. There are some players that look awful when they switch sides, so far Hudson-Odoi doesn't look like one of them.
&gt; Dark souls didnt get punished for essentially being demon souls. Ignoring all of your other points, this just isn't true. Dark Souls is obviously similar because it's effectively a sequel, but it made more substantial changes to the core formula than most sequels do. My favourite thing about Dark Souls is the sprawling, inter-connected world design which is almost completely absent from DeS because it's a level-based game.
Split/Second is owned by Disney which really isn't a company that would part with IP cheaply or easily. THQ Nordic also don't have any studios that would be a good fit for the IP so would likely need to outsource it. And at the end of the day, all they get is an IP that didn't sell well and has very little name recognition outside of a dedicated by small fanbase. It'd be a lot easier just to make a completely new game and cite Split/Second as a key influence in marketing and developer interviews.
They're already owned by Sony.
They're both much more direct players than Kovacic is and both hold their own better physically so can make more of an impact in and around the box. It does pose the question of who would look better in a system where we had a striker that offered proper goal threat though. Playing like we are currently, we really need to share the goals around because neither Giroud nor Morata are going to put up the 20+ goals you really want out of your starting striker. If we suddenly had that player though, would Kovacic's technical and creative ability suddenly become much more effective, or does the system/ league/ rest of the team just not play to his strengths as well as it could?
It's not just about the movie as a whole being long, it's often about pacing, tone or story flow. You want people engaged throughout and extraneous subplots and scenes can often detract from that. You'd be surprised how much difference even 10 or 20 seconds can make in the right/ wrong place.
I disagree. I think developers should announce games as soon as they're confident they know it'll most likely come out. They should only start creating trailers and showing them when the game is close to finished, but announcing them early reduces misinformation and possible disappointment. It's more like the movie business that way. With movies you know about a director or actor's next project pretty early but you only know what it looks like when trailers come out in the months before release. Same effect as announcing it later but without the constant questions about what they're working on.
The honest answer is that we don't know. Star Wars is one of the biggest movie franchises in the world which means the fanbase runs from young kids who don't use the internet up to adults who only watch a handful of new movies a year but loved Star Wars the first time around. It's pretty much impossible to gauge the reaction of all those people. Even if it was being universally panned online, that would still only be a tiny portion of the potential fanbase. That's how you end up with shows like Big Bang Theory being widely ridiculed and yet being one of the most popular shows on TV.
Interesting that there's no Resident Evil 2, Symphony of the Night or Spyro. Those are three of the most popular games on the PS1 but they're also the three games with current gen releases in the same windows as the classic and so the most unlikely to appear on it. If those are missing I think it's more likely that the rest of these games were in actual negotiations at some stage rather than just some early testing or whatever.
Problem with this is that Dota 2 only really has LoL above it and when it launched there wasn't a lot of tough competition. Artifact is going to have Hearthstone and then a bunch of real TCGs, many of which have digital versions. So it's not really inhabiting the same space, instead of being #2 it's probably going to be like #5 or lower. And unlike Dota 2 you can't start out casually, there's an upfront investment and then probably continuous investment to remain competitive so I think they're going to really struggle to win people over who're already deep into other games.
Genuinely awful. No chance of us getting top four with performances like that. Fabregas shouldn't start again in the Premier League and Alonso needs to be benched for a while. If we're going to do anything this season, the club needs to spend a lot on attacking players in January. Right now any team that puts two defenders on Hazard completely shuts us down and no combination of other options works well enough to free him up.
I like Mirror's Edge Catalyst a lot. Most people didn't like the open world but I thought it worked well, all the backtracking meant you were constantly refining your routes and getting better at freerunning which is something that the original arguably lacked if you didn't replay it or engage with the time trials. The first game is still better, but Catalyst was a good sequel IMO.
You're looking at it too narrowly. A big part of the problem with service is the lack of a top striker. Hazard is our most creative player and he's being taken out of games by teams doubling up defenders on him. They can do that because there's a lack of threat elsewhere on the pitch. You add in a top striker and teams can no longer afford to double mark Hazard which frees him up to be more creative and create more opportunities. At the same time most of the best strikers these days are also very good at holding up play and providing service for other players, again increasing the team's creativity. A top striker won't suddenly make us better than City, but we'd look a hell of a lot better.
I felt like there were a bunch of mistakes with how it was released but the biggest was releasing it this year. Next year is the 50th anniversary of the moon landing, it's bound to be all over the news and get tons of media and political attention which is the perfect marketing opportunity.
He hasn't signed a new contract yet. There were reports in the summer that he was going to extend before the season began but that never happened.
He's the starting striker for Germany so I think he can handle the pressure, and I think he's got more going for him than most alternatives, but I don't think we'd be able to sign him. Even if he wants to leave, there's well documented interest from Real Madrid who really need a striker, and Bayern are an ever-present factor in any transfer involving a top German player. A lot would have to go right for him to choose Chelsea.
Because nothing that costs more than a few bucks sells on mobile platforms. Almost any game that launches on mobile, console and PC will be cheapest on mobile.
I'd think Ranieri of all people would have sympathy for Mourinho's current position given he got sacked less than a season after probably the most impressive managerial feat in the history of English league football. He knows how quickly things can go south.
Probably but he doesn't need to be there in person for that. A 'video message' where he presents a new trailer would work just as well.
&gt; Rockstar wants to try and recreate the success they've had with GTA Online, but they're working within very limited constraints. I don't think this is true because GTAO is still being supported with content updates. You don't do that if you want or expect your next game to overtake your current one, you only do that if you expect them to co-exist. They want RDRO to be successful, but you don't need to be as big as GTAO to be successful. Plus RDRO being more limited than GTAO isn't as true as you'd think. The singleplayer of Red Dead 2 has UFOs, vampires and some mad scientist style steampunk stuff. The first game and DLC had zombies, bigfoot and other supernatural forces too. The limits of RDRO are how realistic they want to keep it, if they lean hard into the supernatural and steampunk then there's a ton they could do.
Blade Runner is a little bit different because public opinion didn't change so much as the movie did. The theatrical cut was panned at launch but became a cult movie in the 80s and 90s mostly because of its aesthetic design and vision, but that version still isn't great. It was the later re-cuts which really improved Blade Runner's reputation and cemented it as one of the sci-fi greats. Unless you're a completionist there's no real reason to see anything but the Final Cut and that's the main version they now sell.
That would work doubly well because it could ground flights into the area which would explain why the parents can't get home.
I don't want to sound like an asshole but you're definitely getting some big stuff wrong. &gt; If the film didn't have such a big following the studio would never have bothered with a director's cut in the first place. They didn't. Initially the studio re-edited the theatrical cut over Scott's head but in the late 80s or early 90s Scott's original version was shown as a 'Director's Cut' (which he didn't agree to) at some limited showings for the cult fanbase. These weren't sanctioned but it was their success which got the studio to sanction a proper Director's Cut. Despite the name, the first so-called 'Director's Cut' of Blade Runner had no direct studio involvement, it was just showings of the workprint. And I didn't say everyone hated the original, I said it was panned (which it was, you can look up the reviews) but built up cult status. This is true. But the really important part is that Blade Runner's critical status as an actual sci-fi masterpiece - which is the reason why it's so widely viewed now, lots of cult movies from the era are nowhere close to the same status - was only cemented with the re-releases, yes it had fans from the start but without the re-releases it would probably be like many cult 80s movies which have dedicated fanbases but much less recognition.
What happened to the Real Madrid interest? If they were genuinely looking at him last season, you'd think they'd be desperate to sign after with the way this season has started.
I'd take him in a heartbeat. I don't even know where he'd play but he can score and he can assist so he'd walk into the team. Hopefully Liverpool's interest was dropped permanently.
With the Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 announcement I feel like there's a strong chance of a Marvel character now.
This is how Geoff Keighley tweeted out that sizzle reel: &gt; Every year I really enjoy the creative process of personally editing a teaser/hype video for #TheGameAwards. Here's what I put together this year. **It's not meant to tease, just celebrate how much this industry means to me.** Hope you'll join us Thursday as we walk between worlds.
Steam's too established though, people will default to it if they're give a choice just because they don't have to download a new store. As a dev my guess is you'd be better off launching on Epic to get the first wave of buyers who're really interested in your game that way and then launch on Steam shortly afterwards to sell to the bigger market as reviews and word of mouth start hitting.
Benching our best defensive fullback against a team that’s deadly from wing play is a very bad idea.
I doubt it. He adores Del Toro and has been endlessly positive about Pan's Labyrinth since it was first released. He also loves the movies that inspired The Shape of Water, it was practically designed for him.
Chances are that it'll either get a delayed release on PS4/ X1 or it was never going to come to those platforms to begin with, either way you're not missing out.
None of your examples justify the death of the original franchise though. It's great that Cities Skylines exists but that doesn't justify a new Sim City not existing. What you're saying is that other developers (or the same developers in a new team) can make good new versions of existing franchises but that doesn't mean the old franchise has to disappear. Competition is good for the industry. Also, Obsidian's game has zero chance of killing Fallout. Partly because they look different enough that they could easily co-exist, but mainly because Obsidian got bought by Microsoft which means after this game they'll probably be platform exclusive. So either the IP stays with the publisher and Obsidian probably don't make a sequel, or they do and it's only on Xbox leaving plenty of marketshare for Fallout or any other game of that style.
Question is, are they free to make a sequel on their own or do Take-Two retain the publishing rights to sequels as well? IIRC Bungie owns the Destiny IP but the deal they signed with Activision has a fixed length with milestones they have to deliver on so they couldn't just take the IP to another publisher and make Destiny 3 with them, they're locked in to Activision.
Considering you're apparently asking for 70m for Pulisic with 18 months on his contract I'm not sure you have much of a leg to stand on when talking about realistic price tags.
Yep. He probably won't move anywhere but if he does it'll probably be to Real. That potentially helps us sign someone else, but there's zero chance we get Icardi unless something really weird happens.
I just assume all these midfielders we're being linked with are possible alternatives to Kovacic. Denis Suarez, Barella, Pereira a few weeks ago too, all players that would be suited to the role currently played by Kovacic but probably cheaper. Seems to me that the club's going to sign someone for that position in either January or next summer but they're playing the market to figure out who.
The last Star Wars movie that was put out while Lucas controlled the franchise was Clone Wars. It had Lucas' full blessing and backing but he wasn't involved in the writing or the directing, and it was the smallest-scale and least impressive movie in the franchise by a long distance. He also spent a long time trying to make his own live-action TV series which - again - would have been smaller scale and his involvement would likely have been much reduced from his role in the movies. And that's ignoring the literally thousands of books, comics, games and other EU material which was an insane mess of incredible, mediocre and downright awful stories told by other people with elements that could bleed into the main franchise at any moment. Star Wars was always going this way. Disney accelerated things but they've also kept the quality relatively high in a way that the old Lucasfilm didn't.
We had a buyback until relatively recently but there was never any serious reports that it was being considered. I can only assume the scouts/ Emenalo never rated him highly.
There have been rumours about Apple buying various huge companies for years now, that's why I don't really believe it yet. They've been holding onto massive amounts of cash for a long time and people are fascinated by why, as a result every time they make moves in an industry, they're linked to bids for one of the biggest companies in it. In this case I just don't really see why they'd go for Sony instead of any of the others. If they were going to spend billions on an established film studio, why go for the one that's struggled a bit in recent years? They could afford to buy any of them and arguably there are other brands that fit them better, so why Sony?
Here's hoping that the Boxing Day sale starts next week because these have been pretty bad. I find it especially weird after how much of a push they made for the PSVR on Black Friday that they haven't reduced some VR games. I wanted to pick up some of the weirder games to show family at Christmas but they're almost all locked at full price and it's not worth it to spend full price on a lot of them for the week we'll play.
They’ve reduced some games with VR support though, just not most actual VR games.
It's frequently visually inventive and had a couple of great scenes. It's weird that you singled it out for not being imaginative or original because I think it was as blockbuster sci-fi movies go, there's a lot of generic sci-fi around but Valerian did try some new and different things. It just wasn't executed well at all.
That would be a great signing for them. Ranieri's Leicester played a style that would suit Cahill perfectly and he'd add a lot more experience and quality to their backline.
£30m is around where I'd start hesitating. He'd be a decent replacement for Giroud as a back up striker and he's in better form than any of our strikers are but £30m is still quite a lot for a player you'd never really want to start and we'd be looking to sign another striker in summer anyway.
Venom made $850m so no, they'd be stupid to scrap their spin-offs because clearly there's an audience. A modern vampire movie, a movie about a female mercenary and some of the other Spider-Man villains could plausibly work quite well as standalone movies too so they should at least give it a shot. I also think Sony need to be smart and spread out their Spider-Man animated projects. Warner released too many Lego movies too quickly and both the quality and box office suffered as a result. Like The Lego Movie, Into the Spider-Verse is a fresh and interesting take on the animated blockbuster that works partially because it's so different from everything else visually, the last thing it needs is to become boring.
It's only a spoiler if it spoils your enjoyment of something by ruining a surprise or plot development. Pretty much nothing that leaked out of Smash Ultimate was a surprise or important, all of the meaningful gameplay elements were announced officially before release. A leaked screenshot of a menu isn't a spoiler, a leaked picture of a secret character is, in the case of Smash there was a lot of the former and none of the latter. Spoiler culture has gotten out of hand if literally anything you find out without the game in your hand is considered a spoiler. That's an unreasonable expectation for people to hold.
You can't realistically make a live AAA online game without DLC of some kind. Devs and publishers won't commit resources to keep supporting a game without some kind of income. So yeah, of course there'll be something, but cosmetics are a best-case scenario since they're generally ignorable.
&gt; and take things back to how they use-to be You can have that right now, it's called indie games. The indie market is much closer to how games used to be in terms of budget and scale. If you want modern AAA games with online support made by teams of several hundred over a dev cycle of three or more years with months or years of post-release support then somewhere, somebody has to get paid. You can have a lot with microtransactions or you can have a few without. The market just can't support the current number of these games without microtransactions.
&gt; Is CoD multiplayer optional? no. Literally not. The game has no singleplayer this year. RDR2 launched with *only* singleplayer. You couldn't have picked a worse comparison.
There's a lot to unpick here, most of it wrong. Yes there's a gap in quality between the PL and the Bundesliga but it's not huge, particularly when you're playing Champion's League football in a decent group like Dortmund were. The Bundesliga is also arguably the closest big league to the PL in terms of style, it's very quick. No Reiss Nelson couldn't have done what he's done at Arsenal but that's an issue with development, not an indictment of the quality of the league. Dele Alli made a bigger jump from League One to the Premier League at Spurs and had a fantastic season right away. Good players succeed when they're given chances. Meanwhile the last Dortmund winger who had a meteoric rise like Sancho is having was Dembele, who still looks fantastic for Barca. Christensen was never a top 5 centre back and while he was Gladbach player of the season, they also finished 9th. Leicester finished 9th last season and their POTS was Harry Maguire, solid but hardly world class. Christensen also did well for Chelsea last season so he's hardly a bad player, as young centre backs go there are few more highly rated. He was literally linked with Barca a few days ago. Sancho is very good. Assuming no injuries, on a season or two he'll go to a big English club or Real or Barca if he really pushes on. Being benched by him is not an insult.
Halo didn't die, but the game that came closest to killing it as the dominant console shooter at the time was COD4. It was quicker, more accessible and the introduction of more sophisticated meta progression made people stick with it for longer. Before COD4, Halo was *the* online shooter of choice for console players, afterwards it wasn't. I also thinking gaming just grew and Halo didn't grow quite as quickly. Being exclusive to one platform made it impossible for the game to reach the widest possible audience.
He might have won once in 2015 but in the other three years that he won the TDF he lost twice to Wimbledon-winning Andy Murray and once to Mo Farah's retirement year. Both of those would probably have beaten any cycling achievement in any year.
It's pretty funny that 38 goals and joint 6th top goal scorer in the big leagues of Europe is seen as falling off a cliff because of how good he was last year. That's still a really great return for anyone who's not Messi or Ronaldo, he's unlikely to be able to continue his form from last year because no other striker has consistently reached that level in recent years either.
He's hard working but lacks end product, so he's often involved without being dangerous. These stats don't account for quality, just quantity. That being said, if we had a good striker he'd be putting up good numbers, he's become a lightning rod for criticism (as he did in previous seasons) but he's not the biggest problem.
If Hollywood has to retire shitty tropes and bad dialogue there aren't going to be many genres left...
There's nothing else remotely like it (in English with big name actors) so if you value originality really highly, I can see why you'd think it was great. Some people really like being surprised.
There's no guarantee it'll be on sale immediately after Christmas but the Metro games go on sale all the time so whatever happens you won't be waiting long. With Metro Exodus coming out in February it's very likely that they'll go on sale before then.
He won the league in two of those jobs and he won trophies at the third.
Watford priced Everton out of signing Marco Silva too. Liverpool refused offers for Coutinho. Southampton refused to negotiate for van Dijk. We wanted to keep Courtois this season. Sometimes contracts aren't worth as much as you'd like them to be. It all depends on whether Pochettino gets his head turned.
&gt; it has been a growing trend that critic reviews have been in stark contrast of general audience reviews and it's been this way for a while now. That's not a growing trend, it's always been this way, the difference is just that there are now more ways to gauge the general audience reaction so it's easier to find an apparent contrast.
As someone who only owned a Gamecube for most of that generation, I'd say PS2. The Gamecube had fewer buttons on its controller which means some control schemes were kind of messed up, and while the Gamecube was more powerful, the PS2 was almost always the lead platform for major multiplat games so there were definitely ports which ran worse on Gamecube. There are probably cases where the Gamecube version is superior, but in general I think the PS2 will be a safer bet.
Hard to say so far. You release movies in this window in the hopes that you make money over the Christmas period. Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle was Sony's last movie in this window (it opened a little bit later but not a lot) and after a decent opening it ended up doing much better than expectations with its biggest period being the week after Christmas. I suspect that's what Sony are aiming for again.
I'm not sure you can point to the World Cup as being an example of anything for German players. They all looked poor, even the ones who should have been comfortable in the system.
If a finished movie is good, chances are that the screenwriter did a good job. If a finished movie is bad, the screenwriter might have done a bad job, or the problems might be down to any of the long list of people who're involved between them and the finished movie. This is even more true when they only have a co-writing credit so we can't even tell which parts of the finished script are theirs. If a screenwriter had a long history of getting spec scripts produced and they were all awful then I could maybe see the argument that they're not a good screenwriter, but the problems with BvS and Justice League run so much deeper than one co-screenwriter that they're basically useless as examples.
It's only £40 if you choose to go to the most touristy cinema in the city and pay for the most expensive seat. You can easily get film tickets in central London for less than half that much if you look for them.
&gt; For a few years now we’ve been getting worse in how we do our transfer business That's rubbish, we've only had one really bad window but most of the recent ones have been at least okay. The season before we signed Kante (best transfer since Hazard and potentially one of the best of the Abramovich era), Alonso and Luiz who were all key players in a title win. Then after that terrible summer window we've signed Barkley, Giroud, Emerson, Jorginho, Kepa and Kovacic on loan. Now we overpaid for Kepa because of necessity and Emerson hasn't really made a dent but other than that all of those signings have been at least decent and a couple have the potential to be great. Compare that with a couple of the windows under Mourinho where he struggled to make any notable signings and I don't think you can say Chelsea's transfer business has been getting worse in recent years. One really bad window isn't a trend.
He'd be better in midfield than Kovacic and probably better as an ersatz centre forward than Hazard (when you factor in the additional experience and that it would let Hazard move out to the left in his favoured position).
This guy has made at least 3 or 4 anti-RDR2 threads in the past couple of weeks. Probably more since they keep getting deleted and I don't check the subreddit that often. I don't know why and I don't really care, but he *really* hates RDR2.
&gt; There's no risk associated with recalling either Michy or Tammy in January. Except that - unless we win the Europa League - if we fail to make the top four this season then it'll be much harder to make the big signings we need in summer which will make it almost impossible to challenge for the title next season. It makes it harder to convince big name players to stay when they've got offers from other clubs (eg Hazard). Then of course just being in the CL is worth &gt;£50m in TV money plus better endorsements even if you don't advance through the groups. Not making signings isn't risk free. Just because we're not going to get relegated doesn't mean there isn't an obvious advantage to doing better in the league this season. Any transfer can be a waste of money, they're always risky, but you generally bet on good players staying good and right now Callum Wilson is playing a lot better than Batshuayi or Abraham and he's doing it more regularly.
You shouldn't include 50 Shades of Grey. That movie had a talented director and she brought in a good screenwriter, together they wanted to make something good. The problem is that the studio wanted the rights so much that they signed away creative oversight to the writer of the book who overruled the filmmakers on all the changes they wanted to make. End result was a close adaptation of a (bad) book rather than something more creative, but that's not the fault of the screenwriter or the director.
It's probably down to their finances and Higuain's relatively mediocre season so far (started well but declined and hasn't scored in two months). Milan are still dealing with some long-term FFP problems. Higuain is their biggest earner and they'd have to spend a bunch more to sign him permanently. Given he's not had the amazing season they probably hoped for, I imagine they're trying to cut their losses before they spend even more on a player who's not delivering performances as good as his wages demand. If they need to let him go, we're probably the only club willing to step in and take him on his full wages. Not many clubs can afford it and we were the only other link in the summer. My guess is that Morata is a bit of a makeweight in this deal. If we're offering to pay his wages, it's basically zero risk for Milan (if they were going to let Higuain go anyway) and at the same time it gets him out of Chelsea where Sarri probably doesn't want him if Higuain is coming in.
Because it's less than 4 months old and hasn't reached the end of its sale cycle.
Every game creation tool is filled with subpar creations, that's only a problem if there's a lack of curation. Mario Maker can and should be better at that, but you're really, *really* wrong to say it only had a few hours of content.
Arrival was an excellent adaptation of a story that was very hard to see working as a movie so Heisserer's probably the best pick I could imagine for this. It's nice to hear that both he and Toho recognise that there's no point making a straight adaptation, Your Name is an excellent movie which leans on a lot of uniquely Japanese cultural touchstones. It seems pretty obvious that these would need to change in a Hollywood adaptation but it's nice to see him actually articulate it.
That never happened with the franchises OP is talking about. Fighting franchises like Street Fighter started in arcades which were pretty much the origin of microtransactions. Even the console versions practically had DLC before DLC existed. They'd release updated versions of the game that were basically balance patches with some new characters and features that they released at full price. Battlefield was never like that either. The first game in the franchise had two expansion packs which they later released as a combined version which is practically identical to the season pass/ GOTY edition model that a lot of modern games use.
It kind of makes sense for him to go back to idolising Vader when you look at his plot in TLJ. First he struck down his master to protect someone (like Vader and Luke in ROTJ), then he fought his old master who chose to die and become one with the force (like Vader and Obi Wan in ANH). In TFA he was trying to be like Vader but not really achieving much, in TLJ he stopped trying to be like Vader and ended up mirroring his actions.
Dortmund won't sell Sancho and Sancho probably wouldn't leave to go back to the PL at this point either. He's playing incredibly well in an environment that's clearly working for him, it doesn't make much sense to throw that away at this point in his career. If he keeps developing the way he has - and knowing he can play regularly at Dortmund will definitely help that - he'll be able to pick almost any club in Europe in the next couple of seasons. It works for both parties for him to stay on for another year or two and see what happens.
Maybe, but Monaco are such a disaster this season that I fully expect a bunch of their players to either leave and look great next season, or stay and look great when everything settles down. It's too soon to say if a player like Golovin was a mistake or if he just joined the wrong club at the wrong time.
They got that much because the striker market was fucked that summer. Our other targets were Lukaku and Belotti and both would have cost significantly more. There are likely to be a lot more good players in and around Isco's position this season which will probably keep prices lower (albeit still very high).
&gt; There’s still a chance, a lot of games trailers start with one brands console but still come to other consoles. Not a lot of Atlus games though. Crossgen and crossplay Playstation titles aside, since Catherine in 2011 the only multiplat games Atlus has released have been their fighting games that launched on PS3 and 360. None of the 3DS games went to Vita or PS3/4 and none of the Playstation games went to Nintendo platforms. No idea why, always seemed strange to me, but I wouldn't assume any Atlus game would be multiplat.
Why would the Premier League care about controlling the football? It's the clubs' job to keep their footballing standards up and the FA's job to encourage grassroots development. The league's job is just to manage the competition and sell it.
Bioware have now done that with a few games now, Inquisition also completely changed the ending through DLC and left a set up for Dragon Age IV which is way more interesting than the base game. I actually kind of like it that way. It annoys me when I finish a game but get no resolution because it ends on a cliffhanger whereas this way allows them to end the game in a definitive way and then add the cliffhanger as DLC later to play when the main game is long over.
WhoScored don't have people to pick their teams, they have some kind of model/ algorithm which creates player values based on their stats in every game and then ranks them that way.
&gt;There is more chance that RM will give Kova + some cash for Hazard. Swap deals pretty much never happen. If you sign Hazard it'll be a cash deal and if we sign Kovacic it'll be a cash deal.
They do a [normal list](https://www.theguardian.com/football/ng-interactive/2018/dec/18/the-100-best-male-footballers-in-the-world-2018-nos-100-71) every year and their pick for that was Modric (and Pernille Harder on the women's list). This is a different kind of award, closer to something like the Time Magazine Person of the Year award than the Ballon d'Or.
The main reason is the different severity of the alleged crime. You'll risk getting sued for a scoop on a national news story more than you'll risk it for a story about a footballer speeding. Also remember that the police didn't identify the drone suspects, the papers got their names separately. This entire story is based on a Tweet by a police account so the papers probably don't have anywhere to go digging.
Then they still made a profit and they can try again next time. Barca let some great players go in the era Messi came through in, they ended up buying a bunch of them back, but nobody remembers that if you're the club who produced the best player in the league/ country/ world.
I disagree pretty fundamentally. It's established early on that Miles cares about his community and his family which the Kingpin's plan clearly threatens. He also admires Spider-Man and tries to help him and then emulate him before he even knows his uncle is Prowler. The revenge narrative comes along later to give Miles a personal stake in defeating Kingpin but it's never a fully character-defining moment. By the time it happens he's already trying to be Spider-Man, he already asked Peter to train him and then practically forced Peter to let him tag along to try and steal the info required to make another USB stick. It's pretty clear he wants to help even if he hasn't quite made the leap of faith.
I don’t think the board want to sell anyone with the ban in effect. If he pushes to leave and there’s an offer he probably will but I doubt they’ll force him out the door. More likely he ends up at pre-season and the new manager decides.
Pulling power? Aside from Costa none of the transfers you listed were major gets. Remy was playing for QPR at the time and we paid the release clause. Courtois was already under contract at Chelsea. Fabregas was practically forced out by Barcelona after a couple of mediocre seasons and wanted to move back to London and Drogba obviously loved the club, Mourinho and had been playing in Turkey. If we made those kind of signings today the sub would be up in arms that we weren't aiming high enough.
IMO that sounds more like it's a multiplayer mode. Assassin's Creed's multiplayer had something similar where you were assigned a random character in a world filled with versions of that character so your opponents didn't immediately know which version was you, and I think the multiplayer in Watch_Dogs 2 did something similar where you appeared as a different character to your opponent even though you always looked like Marcus on your screen. It would be an interesting gameplay idea to not have a fixed playable character but it would be really difficult to create a meaningful story like that.
It's probably technically true but only because the term 'concrete bid' is deliberately misleading. Most transfer negotiations happen outside of official bids. Bayern could easily have offered €80m and been rejected without an official bid ever being tabled.
Probably but the reason it doesn't have that is also pretty simple and inevitable. Warner are probably never going to spend ~$200m on a movie with overt horror elements. That's partly because they need it to hit a PG-13 age rating to maximise the audience and partly because horror movies are just less popular than action blockbusters, but either way what you're asking for is incompatible with the kind of movie they're trying to produce.
Had to be submitted on the day of the Europa League final but we've not had an update since a couple of days beforehand so nobody knows if they even appealed let alone a possible result.
Poor guy is clearly used to the Autobahn...
Nah. &gt;This illustrates the fatal flaw with Rotten Tomatoes, and review aggregation sites, in general — the lack of nuance. &gt; Unfortunately, there’s a fair amount of folks that don’t really understand how it works, and thus look at the rating in terms of a high school book report grade. If we spent half as much time telling angry and misinformed fans how Rotten Tomatoes works as we do complaining about them not understanding it, this wouldn't be an issue and we could all get on with our lives. RT is fine, it serves its purpose as a quick and dirty way of working out how a movie has been received and provides links to the reviews for anyone who wants the nuance it lacks. We really don't need to argue about how useful it is every time a good/ bad movie isn't as great/ terrible as its rating looks.
&gt; Can't really think of anyone else in world football at the moment. That says a lot more about you than it does about the availability of strikers who would improve this Chelsea squad.
We don't need a proven young goal scorer to improve this side. None of Giroud, Batshuayi or Tammy are reliable, proven goalscorers and they're what we're going into next season with. You can find a lot of strikers who've got a better goalscoring record at the top level over the past season or two than they have. Strikers we've actually been linked to this season and who're likely better goalscorers than anyone we've got include: Maxi Gomez, Moussa Dembele, Duvan Zapata, and even Callum Wilson are all likely improvements over what we've got. Edison Cavani obviously as well, though our record with older strikers is iffy and there have been links to Icardi for years as well but obviously the attitude is a problem and he'd be expensive. I don't know whether any of them would work out, but clearly there are options beyond the two most in-demand forwards in world football.
He doesn't get good transfer information anymore (nobody does) but I think he still gets told about other things. He reported that Chelsea were appealing the ban but not asking for it to be frozen yesterday for instance which is a day before the story broke everywhere else so clearly he's getting some inside information.
Good news. I didn't like XC2 but I enjoyed the previous two Xenoblade games a lot more. I was a little worried after XCX seemed to do poorly and XC2 was a bit rushed that Monolith Soft might be in some trouble, but these are good numbers. It feels like nobody else is experimenting with big budget JRPGs the way Monolith Soft are right now, would have been a big shame if that went away.
I know the headline isn't the main point of the article but it really does my head in when we lose a game and the football press churns out the same set of articles about how 'insert-other-team's-best-player-here' is the one piece the England team is missing and if we had him we'd be the best in the world. One player is never going to be the solution to anything. If we had Messi there'd be articles complaining we didn't have van Dijk. If we had van Dijk there'd be articles complaining we didn't have Oblak. We don't need one solve-all-our-problems midfielder, we need a midfield that plays to the strengths of the players we have. It blows my mind that you can look at a midfield three of Rice (good but inexperienced), Barkley and Delph and think the main problem worth writing about was that we were missing De Jong and not that we were missing all of our other - better - midfielders.
Most of those announcements are for this year though. You can't hold an announcement for December if the game is due out in October.
Lots of ways to do it but since it took them 90 minutes to win by a 3 goal margin, it's 10,000,000/3 multiplied by 90. That works out at 10,000,000 multiplied by 30 which is 300,000,000 minutes or just over 570 years. Multiply it by ten for the 9-figure victory.
Depends on the context really. A studio can be a big multiplat developer without being particularly successful or being as good as they could be. I like Obsidian a lot and I'd prefer to play their games on PS4 but given their recent past, being acquired by Microsoft is probably the best result an RPG fan could hope for. Nobody else was going to buy an RPG studio with a patchy sales record and give them AAA budgets. Imagine Sony acquired Konami's games division for instance (not going to happen but let's use it as an example). They have some of the biggest and most beloved IP in games but are barely touching them. It's hard to make an argument that it's a bad thing if someone stepped in and actually used those franchises for something.
Everyone said the same about Avatar not doing as well as Titanic. I have no idea if Avatar 2 will be a success but I wouldn't bet against it, the lack of hype really isn't a big factor. Avatar and Titanic didn't succeed just because of massive openings, they had really long tails where word of mouth kept people coming. I suspect a lot of people will see Avatar 2 out of curiosity and then if it's good or impressive enough, they'll tell other people and it'll snowball.
I wouldn't really use Spurs and Bale as an example considering 5/7 of those signings were average at best and a couple were awful. There's a decent chance that the players we have returning will end up being better than that list.
You mean like Halo Infinite? Announced at E3 last year and launching with the next Xbox. How about the Switch's main launch title Breath of the Wild which was announced for Wii U 3 years before it released on both platforms? Seems pretty standard to launch a console with an already announced AAA cross-gen game these days. And hey, there were even rumours PS5 was initially targeting late this year which - if true - could mean Ghosts of Tsushima was always targeting a cross-gen release on PS5. That would explain why it's never had a release date and why we barely know anything about it.
PS3 was also more expensive, more difficult to develop for and launched a year later. PS5 and Scarlet are likely to be roughly the same price, built with roughly the same components and likely to release at the same time. Power won't decide the 'winner' of the next generation but when the two consoles are likely to be so similar, expect power to factor into early marketing and console war bullshit quite a lot. Sony used the power argument effectively early in the generation and Microsoft made pretty big efforts to claim the crown with the X1X, both companies clearly recognise the value of better hardware.
&gt; how can someone be upset there's too much extra content? Because extra content doesn't necessarily mean optional content and plenty of games have been made worse by having too much filler.
Sky sold a majority share of SkyBet in 2015 and sold the 20% they had left last year.
It was originally going to be a movie built in Unreal Engine 3 so I imagine Ninja Theory held all the rights which means Microsoft now do. Not impossible they'll try and revive it, even though it didn't sell that well it's got its fans and they don't really have any established franchises in that genre. If they (briefly) greenlit a new Phantom Dust then pretty much any obscure Microsoft IP is on the table.
Matthew Vaughn is a better director than Bryan Singer (recently at least) or Simon Kinberg and he and Jane Goldman are better writers as well. That being said, I thought Days of Future Past was fine and the X-Men franchise also produced Deadpool 1/2 and Logan after First Class so I wouldn't call it an immediate nosedive.
Well I can see why they haven't been able to replicate the success of the first MIB movie given one of the two main producers doesn't seem to really understand the appeal of his own movie and definitely missed what made Jump Street so good. &gt; They are at, their heart, opposites. In other words, Men In Black comes down to taking extraordinary situations and playing them in a comedic deadpan way. Jump Street is taking very recognizable genre situations and going over the top with them. The form of MIB is a pretty standard buddy cop set up but in a sci-fi world. Tommy Lee Jones is the straight man, Will Smith is the eccentric funny one. One's more by the book, the other is more of a rebel. Things can only be played as deadpan as they are because Will Smith's reactions aren't. He's a fish out of water reacting to a world that he doesn't understand and a lot of the jokes are playing off that. Meanwhile the joke in Jump Street is that it's *meant* to be a recognisable genre situation but that real high schools aren't anything like they are in movies anymore. Channing Tatum is the jock, Jonah Hill is the nerd, but the world has changed so much that now Hill is cool and Tatum is an outcast. They're not really going that far over the top, more of the jokes are about unpicking and parodying the situations that Parker seems to think they're playing off of. In other words, both movies are about rookie cops being dropped into a world they don't understand and a lot of the jokes are coming from the same place. So it's totally doable, you just need to cast both Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum in the Will Smith role (new recruits in the MIB) and then have a straight man (in the Jump Street movies it's Ice Cube). From there the set up is pretty much identical to the first MIB, and to Jump Street. Same basic character archetypes in the same basic plot structure.
Attack of the Clones should be firmly stuck at the bottom of everyone's list. It's irredeemably bad. There are good things you can say about Phantom Menace even if it's not a good movie overall, but there's really nothing positive about Attack of the Clones. Even the action and effects are the worst in the franchise. Anyway. I'd go with something like this: 4&gt;5&gt;6&gt;7=8&gt;Solo=Rogue One&gt;3&gt;1&gt;2 They all have pros and cons and this maybe isn't a direct indication of how 'good' I think they are but it's basically the ranking of how likely I am to rewatch each movie which I guess is basically how much I like them all.
TBF the Globoesporte article said the planned offer was €100m plus players and that those players could include Dembele, Rakitic and Umtiti. Not exactly a reasonable deal if you ended up offering cash plus those players that'd probably add up to like €300m on the market. PSG making €80m profit on Neymar who's older and more injury prone seems like good business as long as they can keep Mbappe long-term.
I can't think of any other Hollywood examples but all three movies in the Swedish Millennium trilogy were released in 2009 so Noomi Rapace and a few other actors played their characters three times that year.
I'm not going to pretend I'm an expert in Swiss law but I imagine there's going to be some kind of get-out clause in whatever contractual arrangements there are in the case of criminality. If Platini is prosecuted in France and found guilty of accepting bribes illegally then I imagine FIFA would be in the clear from a legal perspective.
Yeah. Both Solanke and Abraham have played for the senior team. Generally speaking the England set up doesn't like doing it, when players are promoted it tends to be permanent, but occasionally players go back and forth.
&gt; Imagine entrusting the best generation in years to Aidy fucking Boothroyd. Even if you actually think that, almost all the best players in the age bracket are already in the senior squad anyway. Chilwell, Gomez, Alexander-Arnold, Rice, Alli, Winks, Loftus-Cheek, Sancho, Rashford, Hudson-Odoi and more would be eligible and almost certainly make the squad but are injured or no longer playing for the U21s.
Mourinho got one when he came back, it just didn't look like it because we came 3rd in the league and made the semis of the CL.
Can't see it happening this summer. Club's shown no interest in going for Kovacic (if we're even allowed) so we'd be going into next season with a midfield of Kante, Bakayoko, Barkley, Drinkwater and Mount. That just doesn't really work however you look at it.
I'm sure I'll end up disappointed but I've been kind of hoping that late generation and crossgen games will function like Pro and X1X enhanced versions of games and just work on new consoles with improvements. Considering how busy 2020 is looking to be, it's going to be annoying if every developer releases a full price, updated version of their game on the new consoles 6 months down the line. I think that'd probably put me off getting most of the games at launch.
This got debunked months ago. It's a fake. Well made, but definitely not the real thing. The guy who did it [posted a making of video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wm43g25qp7A) on April Fools.
Based on comments I've seen here some people thought Colossal was going to be a kaiju/ monster movie when all of the monster stuff is really just an extended metaphor for the drama. Some people also seemed to expect it would be funnier when the comedy is mostly pretty dark and not laugh-out-loud. I can see why you wouldn't enjoy it if you'd expected that instead, but it's really weird and worth watching all the same. Rare to see such an out there concept with major actors attached and it's stuck with me. I don't think it's incredible or anything but I would recommend it just because there's really nothing else like it.
I think the kaiju/ monster confusion is because there really aren't any other movies where giant monsters play such a small role in a more human scale drama so some people saw a monster in the trailer and automatically assumed it would be a much bigger part of the movie than it was. Also I don't know which trailer you saw but there was at least one which made it look like a quirky comedy so they weren't exactly consistent with the tone they were going for. I kind of liked that personally, made the actual movie more of a surprise, but I think that's what pissed some people off.
Yes and no. Yes because I think filmmaking outside of the US is becoming more high profile and platforms like Netflix give foreign films a distribution opportunity that they've never had before because they're just as accessible on there as US movies are. No I don't think that helps most movies because I don't see the aversion to foreign language films with subtitles ever changing for most viewers. So if you're an indie from the UK or another anglophone country, or you're making a (mostly) English-language movie in a country where English isn't the first language (eg Victoria which is a great German movie from a couple of years ago), then I think there's a chance for you to make it big in a way you never did before. It's not a big chance, but it's bigger than it used to be. Foreign language films can also hit bigger than they used to because of the easier distribution but they're never going to be smash hits.
I suppose it's possible. Sony/ Polyphony worked with some car companies to create concept cars that only exist in Gran Turismo and were never meant to be actually made so there's some precedent. That being said, Gran Turismo is - in name at least - a simulation driving game, so the commitment to realism and licensing makes sense. It also sells really well so the car companies probably treat it as a marketing opportunity. None of the big budget shooters are attempting realism and there audience isn't really asking for it. The kind of game where this kind of collaboration would make sense is something like ARMA or maybe America's Army, but my guess would be that none of the games like that really have the kind of draw that would make a gun company want to work with them.
That's not how the industry works. There aren't endless fountains of money for studios to make all of their dream projects all of the time, we're actively missing out on great games because studios can't get the backing they need to make projects they want to. Sony gave Bend - previously a studio mostly known for PSP and Vita games - a bunch of time and money to make a AAA PS4 game, they let Santa Monica take years to completely reinvent God of War, they let Guerrilla who're best known for shooters work on a sci-fi open world game. They're not perfect obviously but they take risks on games and give studios the budget to deliver something big. Very few independent publishers are doing that. So yeah, you are gaining things from studios becoming first party, they're making bigger - and hopefully better - games than they were when they were independent.
&gt; How many other games are not only made by one bug studio...but 2 A lot. Every mainline Assassin's Creed and most of Ubisoft's major releases, all the recent Rockstar games, a lot of DICE's recent games, many of the recent Call of Duty games, a lot more that I'm blanking on too. And that's just games where the multiple studios are listed as part of core development. If we start talking about port studios and outsourcing, it's probably most AAA games.
His technical ability was fine. Best midfield passer after Jorginho, good with the ball at his feet too. He just didn't really do anything with it. He'd disappear from games, making lots of passes and influencing very little. Whoever replaces Sarri will play a much more direct game so it's possible it would suit Kovacic a lot better, but €50m is a lot to spend on a maybe. He's just not shown anything to suggest he's worth that kind of money. I think there will be much better uses of that money next summer.
It's rare to see an all-time list of any form or genre which would hugely improved with the addition of modern movies but this is one of them. You could seriously add 20+ movies from the last 15 years and end up with a much better list overall. We really are in a golden age for animation right now.
&gt; While there will be no guarantee that Lampard will be allowed to see out his contract, there is a hope that, barring the worst-case scenario of a relegation battle, he will be given at least a full season before facing any sort of assessment.
It really isn't. It offloads all of the risk onto the selling club while also giving them no money to look for a replacement and running down the player's contract so they're getting less valuable.
&gt; 15% of the surveyed gamers (defined as anyone playing games via any device) That 15% could easily be people who're only playing F2P games or MMOs anyway. Streaming actually makes a fair amount of sense for a lot of those kinds of game, just not for the premium console and PC games that we talk about here.
There's probably add ons bringing it up to the full €50m and if it's anything like the Hazard transfer, the Real sources will report the value with all the add ons, the Chelsea sources will report it without. The reality will probably be somewhere in the middle unless he's awful or amazing.
You can't include the add ons for Kovacic and ignore the add ons for Hazard.
&gt; valid opposing argument. League registration and UEFA/ FIFA club player registration aren't the same systems. If we were banned from registering new players in the league then we wouldn't be able to add new youth players or players coming back from loan since they weren't in the squad last season and therefore aren't registered to Chelsea in the league. We obviously can and will which makes it pretty obvious that player registration in the league is treated separately from the registration system we're banned from using.
It's not like the bonuses are going to be winning the Ballon d'Or. They'll probably be tied to appearances, maybe to qualifying for the CL or something like that, clauses that he could activate even if he's disappointing if he stays at the club for a couple of seasons.
He was legitimately better than Pedro and Willian towards the end of last season but you're still right, we only made top four this season by two points and fully replacing the goal contribution of Hazard is going to be almost impossible with the players we have.
On top of this there are also grades of difficulty that deserve rewarding. If you have two great adapted screenplays but one is pretty much directly adapted from a play and the other was a thousand page novel where the screenwriter had to cut and edit huge amounts to make the movie work, the latter can be more impressive even if the former makes for a better movie.
&gt; And why is that? 25+ year old games are inherently superior to most modern indie games why? Same reason there's never going to be another band like The Beatles or a playwright like Shakespeare, the same reason Citizen Kane will always be Citizen Kane and The Godfather will always be The Godfather. They were at the pinnacle of their form at a formative time in their medium's history, they were so influential that everything similar traces back to them and therefore everything else is viewed within the context of their existence. Even if you can improve on them, it doesn't really matter because you're improving on a blueprint they created (or at least popularised).
Pretty good marketing for the film honestly. It's a cheap indie release which didn't review that well, has no buzz and doesn't have any stars. So you make up a nonsensical ban and use it to whip up some controversy. The press report on it for free advertising, some partisans will go and see the movie that might not otherwise because they believe it's banned and if you're lucky you might make your budget back.
That's a big risk given his situation. He's coming back from a pretty serious injury and needs time to play back into full fitness. We're not stacked with wingers but we've got enough options that a semi-injured Hudson-Odoi isn't going to be starting games on merit, he needs the club to support him and give him time to reach his best again. No guarantee they do that if he's leaving, and missing most of a season after a major injury could be terrible for his career.
&gt; Don't think it can be niche whilst being their top consumer product but whatever Not really. A console can sell 100 million units worldwide and still be a niche product compared to stuff like smartphones and potentially in the future to streaming game platforms. I think they're using the word 'niche' more to mean that it's aimed at a specific demographic rather than that it's not popular. It means they've accepted they'll never have a PS5 in every house in the world - which seemed to be an aim for PS3 and Xbox One with their focus on media - but that they can still sell a ton of them to people who play AAA games.
&gt; Even Witcher 3 was released when CD Projekt Red was a relatively small studio. That's not particularly true, they were actually pretty big even by AAA standards. They revealed the [numbers](https://www.gamespot.com/articles/this-is-how-much-the-witcher-3-cost-to-make/1100-6430409/). For reference, at the time 240 in-house developers was bigger than a studio like Bethesda Game Studios making them easily one of the biggest RPG studios around.
&gt; Keeping it hidden doesn't make any other logical sense. It would take effort to implement and their OS team has other priorities. There you go, totally logical explanation that doesn't veer into conspiracy theories.
Honestly, his situation this summer is no different than if he didn't sign the extension last summer. He'd signed a 5 year contract the season before - when there wasn't really any demand from big clubs because of his stint at United - so he'd still have 3 seasons left. The other factors would still be true, he'd still be too important for Palace to let go and he'd still have a 25% sell-on clause so they'd still be asking for a fee like 80 million.
Headline should have included that this is UK and physical only, but still very impressive. Makes you wonder how much higher it would have been if it launched at the same time with a really good port instead of later with a poor one.
The PS3 emulation thing is an interesting one because at a certain point it becomes cheaper and easier for them to develop an emulator that works on modern hardware than it is to continue providing PS3 hardware for PS Now like they do currently. So there's a strong reason for them to make an emulator, and the RPCS3 team has shown it's possible to get good results with current hardware, it's just a question of whether it'd run well on the PS5 I guess.
The source alone means the rumour is bullshit but the valuation isn't crazy. Alaba's got 18 months left on his contract and fullback is a role where your age catches up to you much quicker than centre back.
Twilight Princess launched at $60 with an Amiibo so charging full price for just the game would effectively mean selling the Switch port for more than the Wii U version. Nintendo value their remasters highly, but AFAIK charging more for a remaster than the original (though obviously also a remaster) would be a first even for them.
If they're just showing demos of these games on a showfloor and not having a press conference, I don't think it'll have any bearing on the PS5 reveal event. These kind of events are regional showings of a publisher's upcoming games lineup. They're designed for local press and fans and run by the PR people based in the region. The PS5 reveal event is an international reveal of their next console organised by SIE. Different people running it and a different audience.
I think this is the intention but it makes you wonder what happens if it makes a ton of money (which seems unlikely but I thought the same about Venom so what do I know). Are they going to let a potentially successful franchise die? Are they going to release non-MCU sequels to a Marvel property? Or at they going to try and retroactively fit it into the MCU? Each option seems unlikely for different reasons.
Probably zero. This isn't a Playstation event. They might mention Playstation in passing as part of their overall portfolio of products and services, but it's not a games show and they're definitely not going to spend any time talking about a third-party game releasing on current hardware.
Overall inflation isn't a great way of measuring transfers IMO because the money in football has grown so much quicker than the money outside. Real Madrid's revenue in 08-09 revenue was €407m, their 18-19 revenue was €757m. So as a proportion of annual revenue, a €94m transfer now would be ~€175m.
It's happened outside of sports before. At one point Disney traded a real, human commentator to NBC in exchange for the rights to [Oswald the Lucky Rabbit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oswald_the_Lucky_Rabbit), an early Disney character. He'd been one of their lead on-screen personalities for more than 20 years and got swapped for a cartoon rabbit that they've barely touched since.
I don't buy the rumour at all but it would be a lot, lot less than that. There's a Bloomberg article from 2016 about a private equity company that owned a stake in Zenimax and was considering what to do with it that said they were valued at up to $2.5bn. Now that valuation may have been conservative and most publishers have gone up in value since then (though it's also possible Zenimax specifically has gone down considering some high profile games underperformanced), but there's still no way it'd be anything like as much as 30bn.
You're definitely wrong. From where Bournemouth are now, getting Wilson would probably be harder than Dembele or Werner. If he goes they're almost certainly getting relegated.
I took that to mean they weren't allowed to make predictions that they knew would come true (eg they couldn't say a game would be announced that they knew was in development), not that they weren't allowed to use information they had to make educated guesses. Schreier also predicts major changes for Stadia, we know he has inside information on Stadia sales because he's tweeted about it, that suggests to me that some of his picks are based on things he knows.
You probably shouldn't call other people stupid when you're the one who's massively misreading the post. This isn't about backwards compatibility (and Sony haven't confirmed BC beyond the PS4 FWIW), it's about whether new games will continue to be developed for old hardware after the new console releases.
Christensen isn't the second best centre back in the current squad.
Apart from the part where we're not going to win anyway, him coming back in April/ May is basically ideal for England. It gives him enough time to return to match fitness but he won't be fatigued from a season of football.
[This one does though](https://twitter.com/ZhugeEX/status/1216756872012881922) and on top of Zhuge's solid reputation for Sony news, Schreier retweeted it. So wrong link but right info.
The only bummer is that so far non-E3 conferences have only been done by one office so you don't get the full crew.
The touchpad isn't adding weight or making it more expensive. The Xbox One controller doesn't have a touch pad but is heavier and costs around the same (UK prices). Controllers have always been overpriced because they're an easy way for console makers to make a profit off hardware, it doesn't actually matter what's in them. Anyway, I like it. At worst it's just an added button that's out of the way enough to not be intrusive, but when used effectively it can be multiple added buttons (through gestures or using different quadrants of the pad) and also provide a much better way of using PC-style cursor UIs. It sucks that developers don't use it more but I still think it's justified.
You don't need to only read the headline. It's a rant about Jose Mourinho not giving youth players a chance that handily ignores the part where there were two untested teenagers on the bench and Tanganga started. Almost like this has little to do with Mourinho or his team choice and everything to do with an Irish writer being annoyed that an Irish prospect didn't get a game.
It's quite funny to think Taika Waititi is now considered a safe pick for the biggest franchises considering where he came from and what movies he's made. It's very heartening too though, in an era of overly safe franchise blockbusters, Waititi is unique and different, and his sensibility seems to have really resonated with audiences.
Best-selling games *according to NPD* which is a very important distinction since it means it's US only and a lot of digital sales won't be counted.
Come on. Individually any of those rumours would be fairly believable, but there's no way any console will ever launch with **9** exclusive games. That's ridiculous overkill, especially in a year were the PS4 line up is already stacked.
The leak also lists 4 games for 2021 separately though so even if that's the case it would be 13 exclusives planned for the first year of release including new Gran Turismo, Killzone, Uncharted, Horizon and Ratchet &amp; Clank. That would be by far Sony's biggest games line up in a year ever.
The website [haveibeenpwned.com](https://haveibeenpwned.com) keeps track of accounts that have been compromised in various hacks so you can see if you're effected. It's nowhere near a full list of every hack since some aren't public, but it still has more than 9 **billion**. So yeah, it's a problem that effects a hell of a lot more than a few hundred people worldwide. Anyone who reuses passwords - which is most of us - is a potential victim. BTW you might want to use the website to check your PSN email. That'll tell you immediately if you've been the victim of one of the big hacks.
Not really. The patents describe *a* way of doing it, not *the* way of doing it. Boost mode is an example of how they can offer different modes of backwards compatibility on the same system to ensure as many games as possible are supported while also offering better performance when it works. There's no immediate reason to assume that won't also be the case on PS5 just because we've seen a patent for a different way of doing things.
Jason Schreier is very good at what he does so his story is almost certainly accurate, but until it's officially confirmed by Sony it's still a rumour.
I don't think that's a big deal. It could easily be a spiritual successor, like Dark Souls to Demon's Souls. Not technically a sequel but close enough that the distinction barely matters. It's also possible that they got the IP back, we've seen that happen a few times recently with studios that get spun off. The bigger reason I don't buy the rumour is that it would mean that RAD somehow got funding for a successor to a game that didn't sell that well and doesn't have an especially big or vocal fanbase. I just don't know who'd back them on that.
Most likely. The PS Vita was backwards compatible with digital PSP games. If the licensing agreement Sony had with publishers on PSP was forward thinking enough to include backwards compatibility, it seems unlikely that they would stop doing it on PS4 (or PS3 for that matter).
I get what you're saying but it's equally true of categorisation in all fiction. &gt; MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena): This can be used to describe almost all games, from Counter Strike to Starcraft to Fortnite to Dota 2, the last of which it's actually used for among other games. Think about the word thriller. We all know what it means and the kind of movie it relates to, but the description of a movie that thrills could include movies from a ton of genres. Pure action movies are thrilling, so are most sci-fi and fantasy movies, so's most horror. The same is true of drama or fantasy. Almost all movies are drama by a literal definition, and all fiction is technically fantasy, but we still know what those genres are.
They're a fairly small studio by AAA standards so only work on one full game at a time, and their next game is a new IP called Starfield that we don't really know anything about.
If they can get it in without drastically raising prices or reducing battery life then sure. It's a feature that wouldn't see much use in most games but adds cool possibilities for developers who do want to use it. It'd be great for party games, could be used for some clever puzzles, useful for menus, good for video playback and that kind of thing.
Debug units and devkits aren't the same thing. Devkits are obviously what games are actually built on. Debug units are more like regular consoles which can play code that's not got all the copy protection a regular game does. They're used for things like testing and preview coverage. That doesn't mean this is the finished product of course, maybe it'll change, but devkits tend to look quite different and even sometimes have different hardware whereas debug units are basically the finished console but slightly different.
You don't necessarily need to patch the device itself though, it might be possible to do it on the PS4. The PS4 already lets you reassign buttons on a system level, so if it recognises the paddles as different buttons it should be possible to assign them any function or combination of functions.
The PS App is a companion app for the PS4. It's integrated into the existing friend, notification and store system. If this app is for games on other platforms then it doesn't make sense to include the functionality in that app.
It might just be a different kind of physical event. They don't need to get all of the global press into one room in New York for an announcement, they could have Jim Ryan, Mark Cerny and developers on a stage in one city with press there and then have local events everywhere else they normally have them for hands on coverage afterwards. They'd get all the benefits of a live event but wouldn't need to invite people from all over the world.
We don't know either way but personally I'd guess not. The install base of the PSVR isn't huge to begin with and they can't rely on all those people switching over immediately so I imagine all the PSVR only games between now and the PSVR2 will support the PS4 as well. I'd be happy to be proven wrong though, and we might see some situations like Ace Combat 7 or Resident Evil 7 where a next gen exclusive game has a built in VR mode.
&gt; That "diminishing returns" thing about polygon count is incorrect. It really isn't. Your own image highlights that, the difference between 200 and 2,000 polygons is much greater than 2,000 and 20,000 despite them both being a 10x improvement. It's true that extra polygons can always add more detail so anyone who says there's *no* improvement is wrong, but it's equally true that the rate of improvement is slowing as we approach photorealism. There's nothing you can do to a character model like Kratos from GoW 2017 that will come close to the leap from PS1 to PS2.
Miyazaki has said before that he has no interest in doing a remake so this is likely the only way one happens. They're also much, much more likely to commission Bluepoint to remake the original Souls game than an obscure PS1 JRPG.
The Deloitte Money League compiles a 'league table' of club revenues which had Liverpool 8th in 07-08 and 7th in 17-18. In other words they've barely moved relative to other clubs in the last decade and all that stuff about executive tickets and sponsors is equally true of other clubs. The improvement has been convincing the owners to spend and using that money more effectively.
It's a dumb name but the genre is called 'walking simulator' so just look that up and pretty much all the results will be the kind of game you're looking for. If you don't mind branching out a little bit for games that are a little more involved, I'd really recommend Outer Wilds as well. It's best not to know much going in, but it's a singleplayer narrative-focused adventure game and well worth playing.
I wouldn't read too deeply into that. Milan have well documented problems with FFP to the point where they're banned from this season's Europa League, and they spent a lot in summer without making much off sales. They probably need to sell to balance their books as much as anything.
Not necessarily. A lot of one-game studios have a smaller team that does concept work and prototyping on their next game while the rest of the studio finishes their current game. A lot of developers don't need to work on a game for the entire length of the project, people like concept artists and writers might finish their work on a project months a lot time before release and are then able to move onto new projects. So there may well be people at Naughty Dog doing pre production work on a new IP even while the rest of the studio is doubling down on finishing TLOU2.
The added features are nice but the price is ridiculous. It's 3x the cost of Pokemon Bank (which was already overpriced) on top of having to pay for NSO to use the existing online features. That means in the UK, online Pokemon now costs £33 a year on top of the games and now the expansions. This really should be free with NSO, but failing that at the very least a year should have been bundled in with the Season Pass.
TBF like half the industry thought that so it wasn't like he was being really stupid, it's more that he was vocalising what a ton of people thought but weren't saying. It's why the first year or so of the PS4 and X1 was crappy, none of the publishers expected them to sell as well as they did and didn't switch development over until it was too late. They misread declining sales as apathy towards consoles instead of a lack of excitement around old hardware.
If they have a big New York event, it won't be at Sony Hall. It's much smaller than the Hammerstein Ballroom was and it's just not the kind of place where you'd host a major press conference/ stage show, it's a venue for live music.
&gt; How is this man still employed? &gt; How is this man a game journalist in the first place let alone keeping the job for this long? Because his job isn't to play games...? He's a journalist, you said it yourself. Nothing about his job requires him to be good at games.
It depends what kind of player you are. The games are very good, but they're also very short if you're only going to play through each level once and then move on. If you like the idea of replaying levels, exploring new ways of doing things and messing about in a sandbox then they're two of the best stealth games ever made.
&gt; there’s literally no correlation or anything that suggests they’re gonna stick to the same marketing strategy that they used ONCE, 7 years ago. Not strictly true. There's a couple of major reasons why it makes sense to host an event in February or early March which haven't changed since 2013, and if they want a big stage show then they'll need to send invites 2-3 weeks beforehand. So it might not be tomorrow, but I think it's highly likely there will be some news in the next week or two.
You're going to be very disappointed if those are your expectations for framerate. 30fps isn't the standard because of hardware limitations, it's the standard because it's the lowest framerate which is acceptable to most people. It's the point where you can push everything else the furthest without getting significant complaints, and generally people care more about everything else. I think and hope we'll see 60fps become more common in certain genres, but it's never going to fully replace 30fps and you're definitely not going to see a lot of major developers try anything at 120fps after the cross-gen period. That's just the nature of the console market, if 30fps games stopped selling then they'd stop making them, but they haven't.
Different audiences. The people who're commenting on reddit will know immediately when a PS5 is announced. The guy who only plays Madden and COD? He might not hear about a PS5 event but he'll definitely be watching the Super Bowl. It's the same reason they spend a ton of money sponsoring the Champions League in Europe, and that's a strategy from SCEE whose former head is now in charge of the whole division.
I'd be up for another kart racer but I always thought LittleBigPlanet Karting was a better idea for a franchise than Modnation even if the execution was lacking the first time round. It's probably partly because I hate the look of vinyl figures, but I always felt that the handmade arts and crafts nature of LBP lends itself better to character, kart and track designs than vinyl ever did.
It wouldn't ever be two of those. They're not going to make two marquee summer attacking signings after already signing Ziyech. It'd be one of those players plus someone in another position, presumably Chillwell since he's the only expensive signing we've been linked to but I guess potentially someone else.
Jim Ryan himself said it four days ago.
&gt; Just because they give it for free doesn't mean a sale is lost, multiple sales can be gained from that. The best example of this is probably Rocket League. It launched on PS+ which gained it a lot of early attention and it leveraged that into being one of the most successful indie games this generation.
Possibly. The 'announcement' was actually an exclusive story in Famitsu. We won't know what it's about until Famitsu is out and people are reading it (some time later today). It could be this, or it could be something else. Today is Sega's 60th anniversary so they could easily have more announcements.
Except it doesn't. It assumes that some *people* are inherently disorderly, and that's the right assumption to make because we keep seeing it over and over again. We've all seen the stories about idiots having house parties during lockdown, seen the pictures of packed beaches, we all know the scandal of certain government advisors responsible for the lockdown breaking their own rules. Why would football fans be any different? We're all people too, some of us are bound to be assholes.
&gt; Take Naughty Dog for example, that last generation did Uncharted 1-3 AND TLoU (vs. U4 and TLoU 2 this gen) You're missing The Lost Legacy. It might not have been a full priced release but it's about as long as Drake's Fortune.
&gt; I think "go vote" is too often used as a catch all for issues Because voting is the absolute minimum level of civic participation and a lot of people fall short of it. It's great to talk about grassroots movements and other ways of enacting change, but those are all facets of an engaged electorate in a functioning democracy. You can't start there, you need to build up to it. Pressure groups only work when there are consequences to ignoring them, and in a democratic system those consequences generally have to be electoral.
Shaun Escayg was co-director of Uncharted TLL and he's now the creative director of Marvel's Avengers. Though he's Trinidadian so he's not technically African-American.
Why wouldn't it...? Games are reflective of their creator's life experiences like all other art. A white film director couldn't have made Do The Right Thing and a white writer couldn't have written Beloved. Likewise a Western game studio most likely couldn't have made Yakuza and a Japanese studio probably couldn't have made Bioshock. Games that reflect the black experience would need black creatives, and there's nothing wrong with seeking that out.
A big part of it is Akira Toriyama's art. The Dragon Quest franchise started at a time when Dragon Ball was a cultural phenomenon in Japan. Kind of like if JK Rowling had written a game right in the middle of Pottermania.
Of course there were other factors, but Toriyama was clearly the biggest one IMO. There's a reason why the various spin-offs have changed almost everything about the game design of the franchise but always preserved the essence of the art style. Dragon Quest *is* Toriyama's art, you can't separate them.
&gt; I dont see it being a hard thing to do even from the POV of the devs. That's because you don't understand what you're talking about.
There was speculation when we first saw it that the main function of the V-design was to provide cooling when devkits are stacked. If that's true then similar levels of cooling could be possible without it, because most people don't stack consoles like developers stack devkits.
Depends how far along it is. If it's basically done then they've probably had social media people writing and scheduling the official announcement.
Honestly, my advice would be to skip it on any platform. Ignoring the quality of the port, the game itself just doesn't live up to its inspirations or the Obsidian name. Unless you're a die hard fan of the genre who has to play every game that comes out, there's several better choices available on Switch and there are tons on PC.
Did you ever stop and consider that maybe the real issue was that people tend to care a lot about things close to home and care much less about things that are happening halfway around the world...? Four of those five companies are based in the US, one of them has a substantial presence in the US including the main bases of several of its biggest divisions. Of course they're going to be much more proactive about engaging with an issue in the US. And sure there's an element of performative 'wokeness' that's not reflected in their wider actions as a company, but who gives a shit when it's the right thing to do? This is like complaining about restaurants donating food to local homeless shelters but doing nothing to cure world hunger. Sure it's technically true, and in a lot of cases it's probably just a decision to get some positive buzz, but a good deed is a good deed regardless.
PS1 also used CDs which had a capacity ~10x the biggest N64 cart.
It does if they're targeting a mainstream audience. They didn't need to announce the event 6 days ahead last week but they chose to because they want to build hype and run TV ads to get a bigger audience. If that's their goal then I can't see them reannouncing it with less than 5-6 days of lead time, and if they haven't announced it yet then that doesn't leave much time for it to happen next week.
Sony don't really need any other studios. The main reasons you buy a studio are because they have expertise you lack (many of Microsoft's buys), their work is too valuable to risk losing (Insomniac) or because they have valuable IP (Mojang). No studio I can think of really fits any of those criteria right now. Sony don't really lack expertise in any particular area, there aren't any outside studios working on big games for them (this could change if a studio like Bluepoint or Housemarque's next games are big), and most of the valuable IP has already been bought up by publishers. So unless something crazy happens and publishers start getting bought up, I think the only acquisitions we might see are for VR, because that's the one area where Sony probably do need to expand if they want it to become more popular.
Nah they couldn't. They announced 6 days before the event because they wanted to run TV ads and get maximum attention. Everyone on this sub would find out about and watch a PS5 stream at one day's notice, but there's a lot of people Sony want to watch who wouldn't.
Ni No Kuni has a lot of flaws but it's also one of the most charming games I've ever played. So if you're looking for something relaxing and whimsical then I'd recommend it above just about any other JRPG, but if you're looking for something with really engaging gameplay, or you want a really good story, then I'd look at other games.
Rogue One is decent in its own right but it's not how you should be introduced to the franchise. It's too referential and features very little world or character building that would ease the viewer into the universe. It may be set before ANH but it's a movie clearly made for an audience that's seen it already.
That's just semantics, I would argue that showing us games running on PS5 hardware is the most important thing they can reveal. It's a games console, a machine designed to play games, the most important thing it does is play games. Just because we've already heard about its specs and might not see the console doesn't mean this event isn't revealing the most important part of the package. Besides, we call the 2013 PS Meeting the PS4 reveal and that didn't reveal the hardware either.
They're not getting it mixed up with BC, they're saying that it's more than just a port of the same game to better hardware. Most Smart Delivery releases are likely to be fundamentally the same game with visual and performance enhancements because that's what most crossgen games are. EA are suggesting that because Madden goes further, it shouldn't be viewed as the same product on two different platforms but rather two different games that share a name. No idea if it's true, or what that would mean for other Smart Delivery games, but TBF to EA they do have precedent of doing this. At a certain point the new FIFA/ Madden releases on last-gen hardware are just the previous game with updated teams whereas the current gen version keeps getting new features and enhancements. FIFA 14 and Madden 25, the first games on the PS4/ X1, featured a new engine that wasn't used in the PS3/ 360 version.
PSVR has only sold around 5 million units. Seems really unlikely that they'll dedicate time at their first major PS5 event to a peripheral only owned by a small fraction of the people watching.
[They announced that they were going to have a show every month](https://news.xbox.com/en-us/2020/05/05/xbox-2020-the-future-of-xbox/amp/) in May: &gt; Starting with the May 7 episode of Inside Xbox, we will be showcasing what happens next in the world of Xbox, every month, which is why we’re calling it “Xbox 20/20.” If there’s no show in June then they either delayed something or their original announcement was false.
People can test positive for a while before they develop symptoms, so it's not immediately clear after a positive test whether someone is actually asymptomatic or whether they're just presymptomatic.
Big games often do but most of the time they have multiple internal writers, it would be pretty unusual to bring in several well-known freelancers.
Gary Whitta, a writer who's worked on several Star Wars projects and Telltale's The Walking Dead [is teasing a Star Wars announcement tomorrow](https://twitter.com/garywhitta/status/1270805112860995584). Seems like there's a good chance it could be a game being shown at the PS5 event considering the timing and his past work.
They're not going to announce a PC game on stage at a PS5 event.
You're going to be disappointed if you want or expect things to look fundamentally different. It's much better tech but game design is iterative, they're building on ideas that already exist rather than reinventing everything. So you're going to see open world games that look bigger, better and more dynamic but they're not going to suddenly be unrecognisable. Horizon 2 will look a lot like a better Horizon ZD and GT7 will be better looking cars and tracks but it'll still be a driving game.
TBF it sounded like there was a fairly strong possibility of Microsoft dropping out at one point this generation. After Satya Nadella was made CEO there were some pretty strong rumours that he viewed the console business as unimportant and was potentially looking to sell it. Clearly Phil Spencer convinced him it wasn't, but there was a lot of smoke going around at the time so I find it hard to believe that there was no fire.
I bet the lack of dates isn't because games are necessarily really far away, but because coronavirus means nobody has any idea when they'll be able to finish them. I think it was Phil Spencer who said that launch games were fine but 2021 was going to be rough.
I actually think the gap might be bigger. There's the obvious cost of a blu-ray drive, but Sony gain a lot from people going digital-only. No disc drive means you have to buy every game direct from them. No pre-owned, no retailer cut, they get a guaranteed 30% every time you buy a game which is much higher than the cut on physical games. So it only takes two games for them to make $50 off you. The PS4 average attach rate is like 10 games and would be substantially higher for early adopters. That leaves them a lot of room to price the digital model below the disc drive model and still end up making a profit long-term.
So you want DLC to be irrelevant filler? I really don't get what you're asking for here, the DLC is more game of course they're going to add more story to a story-driven singleplayer game otherwise it'd be terrible.
Well first you should play Uncharted 4 because it's the best realisation of what modern Naughty Dog is and a more intelligent deconstruction of the Uncharted franchise than many gave it credit for. But second, I think a big part of the reason you missed what was great about them is that you came to them too late. Naughty Dog games are blockbusters (which also explains the narrow focus and cliches, you'd struggle to find many blockbuster films without the same problem), a lot of their impact is ephemeral because it's intrinsically tied to the sense of spectacle and that reduces over time as technology leaves them behind. It'd be like going back to Sam Raimi's Spider-Man divorced from its impact on blockbuster cinema and just complaining that it's cheesy and the special effects aren't very good, which may be true by modern standards but it's largely because it helped set the standard.
&gt; We understand the difference between a blockbuster movie and a complex film but in games people pretend they're always one in the same. You say that like it's a bad thing. The way we look at games is healthier. Cinema and literature are full of filmmakers and writers who were dismissed for being too populist and then only received recognition through critically reevaluation later. Complexity and value aren't the same thing, nor does complexity inherently outweigh enjoyability or technical craft in terms of what critics or readers/ viewers should value. David Lynch's Eraserhead came out the same year as Star Wars. Eraserhead is an uncompromising, experimental arthouse horror classic that's been highly influential and launched the career of an all-time great. Star Wars is a straightforward blockbuster that borrowed pretty much everything from other sources. Star Wars is still clearly the more important film both in terms of cinema and pop culture. &gt; but it's like pulling teeth to get people to admit that even the gameplay on the first Last of Us or Uncharted trilogy are bad, let alone the narrative content. And this is just you thinking your opinion is objective instead of subjective. If people who like a game don't agree with you it doesn't mean they're wrong.
I suspect they'll sell a boxed copy for $60 which includes an enhanced version of Spider-Man and then they'll also sell a digital version that's just the new content for a reduced price.
You're going to be very disappointed if you wait for these games to come to PS4. Sony's messaging on most things has been pretty unclear, but they've always been clear that for their own games next-gen is next-gen.
We really don't. Most TVs don't support 120fps and most competitive games don't run on servers with a tickrate that high. So unless it's a game designed to run on less powerful hardware and just being improved for next gen, or it's designed to support VR, you're looking at a minor benefit for a small fraction of the userbase that requires major compromises to achieve.
Not always. Sometimes smaller developers just don't have the resources to target multiple platforms and therefore target one and port it across later. Or you get a Death Stranding situation (I think Quantic Dream's games, thegamecompany's games and Helldivers were the same situation) where Sony paid for development and provided the technology it's built on but KojiPro still retained the rights to put it on PC.
Look at the profile of attacking player the club has been looking at and signing, and then look at how Lampard has used Mount this season. I think it's pretty clear that he wants a front 3 or 4 who can move fluidly between roles and positions. The fact that both Ziyech and Havertz can play on the right or centrally isn't a problem, it's the reason the club wants them. There's so much tactical flexibility in having a lineup that doesn't have to sit in a rigid formation to work.
Real life doesn't conform to three act structure.
They've never officially confirmed one way or another, however there's no technical reason digital games wouldn't work and the fact that they haven't commented on it strongly suggests that they will.
They could have afforded to sell the X1 for $399 too.
The irony of this post is that Apple were key to USB becoming as ubiquitous as it has. The iMac was the first major computer with USB as standard and helped drive its early success, but at the time some people thought they were putting design over practicality. Hopefully Sony putting a USB C port on the front will have a similar effect on console peripherals.
It depends on what you're watching. If you told someone there were twists in Knives Out that wouldn't really be a spoiler because literally every whodunnit has twists, it's an expected part of the genre that the audience is looking out for. But if you told someone there was a big twist in a rom-com that probably would be a spoiler because it's not expected.
A game like this releasing this year will probably been in development for years before PS5 devkits were available to developers. There was never going to be any possibility of third-party launch games really taking advantage of all the new features in the way that games released in a few years might.
&gt; He's going to pick Premier League players Well yeah, but it's pretty clear that he's saying Ben White and Kalvin Phillips may well be PL players next season and therefore in contention.
I'm pretty sure you're talking about [Days of the Bagnold Summer](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7343740/). It's just released digitally and fits your description perfectly.
&gt; **What this enhanced version contains at this stage is unclear** &gt; What's shocked me most of all though is the lack of outrage and criticism at Rockstar for **this blatant reskin cash grab** How can it be a blatant cash grab when you have no idea what it is?
Officially? No. But it's likely that all of the Sony published games will be with the possible exception of Sackboy (from the same team that made LBP3 which was crossgen). Some of them might make it onto PC eventually, but at launch they're all going to be PS5 exclusive. Third party platform exclusives don't exist anymore so unless it's got a PS Studios logo on it, it's crossplatform.
Yeah, Jeff Gerstmann at Giant Bomb has a line whenever news of some potential acquisition comes up that 'everyone is always talking'. Most senior studio or publisher execs have stories about near-misses and times something big was happening but fell through. It's the nature of the business. It's just that 99 times out of 100 it never leads anywhere so we don't hear about it, but the people who go out for drinks with them at E3 a few years later do.
Matt's pretty good, he clearly has sources. But at the same time he's not even saying they're close to making a deal, just that they're vaguely looking at the possibility of trying a deal. That doesn't mean it's happening, it doesn't even mean it's likely. It just means that it's possible.
That doesn't mean anything though. Ratchet had no date but that was clearly further along in development than Demon's Souls which was 2021. Same for GT7. There are likely some games that they showed which didn't have a date because they weren't sure because of the knock-on effect of coronavirus, not because they were more than two years away from release.
The final matches of the CL are going to happen in August, the PL season is due to start in mid-September. That means this season's CL is probably going to overlap with the beginning of next season's pre-season. So he's deciding that beginning pre-season at Chelsea and being ready and integrated for next season is more important to him than finishing the CL campaign with Leipzig.
People are making way too much out of this. They're not going to say price is the most important thing until they know what Microsoft are pricing at. It'd be pretty stupid for them to keep talking about how price was hugely important only to come in at or above their direct rival. This is especially true since the Xbox Series S (Lockhart) - if it exists - will likely be $100+ cheaper than the PS5. Talking about value is their way of saying that the PS5 is worth buying no matter what Microsoft price at. They're going to sell it as cheaply as possible because that's how they make the most money long-term.
Ideally they'd talk over everything, but they've talked before about how they don't want to talk over other outlets' events and the PC Gaming Show is organised by PC Gamer.
If you include confirmed events and heavily rumoured events, the ones we know about that are likely to be around the size of an E3 press conference/ Nintendo Direct are: * EA on Thursday * New Game+ Expo next week (this is a collection of Japanese publishers doing their own event) * Ubisoft in July * ~~A Microsoft event of some kind in July~~ Microsoft's first party event in July * ~~Microsoft's big first party event in August~~ Another Microsoft event of some kind in August * Another Sony show in August * Gamescom Opening Night in August We have no idea about Nintendo and there are some publishers who cancelled their main events but AFAIK haven't confirmed other plans (Bethesda, Blizzard) so might do something as well.
The finances aren't as bad as they look. Basically it's a combination of Kepa being a release clause transfer, players on high wages and not being in the Champions League. Having been in the CL this season, selling high-value players and only bringing in Kovacic, the finances are going to look a lot better.
Yes and no. Yes because more power requires more development resources to fully utilise. So a team wanting to push graphics as far as possible will need more developers working for longer which means higher budgets. No because Cerny has talked a lot about how one of the key goals of the PS5 was streamlining and improving the development experience. So some things should be easier and quicker to do. We don't know which will end up being a bigger factor. But since tools improve every generation but teams still keep getting bigger, it's probably safe to say that dev teams will get bigger and spend more money to make major AAA games.
The games they announce in August most likely won't be launch games. None of Sony's other internal studios have had long enough since their last release to make another game. But, some of the games that have been announced already without dates might end up releasing at launch.
It would be more foolish to assume that games existed with no evidence than to assume they didn't. What games? Which studios? Why didn't they announce them at the PS5 game reveal? There's no obvious answer for any of those questions. Obviously Sony have more games from both first and third party developers, but at this point the safe bet is that they're 2021 or later unless they're smaller titles. If they didn't have anything they could show in June then the game probably isn't releasing in November. How often does a major game get announced *after* E3 and release that year? Not often.
PS1/2 and probably 3 are all possible without doing anything to the chipset. It wouldn't be universal support (though BC never is) but software emulation for PS1 and PS2 are pretty easy for modern hardware and the PS4 did both for some downloadable games. Even PS3 emulation has had some really positive results.
High-resolution textures take up a ton of storage space so the more you can compress them, the smaller game download sizes will be. At the same time, because the file sizes are smaller, you can stream more of them from the SSD at once which results in better looking games.
&gt; Dont you think they would have announced it already if the price was positive news like with the PS4? They announced the PS4 price after Microsoft announced the X1 price.
Both companies have the money to heavily subsidise their consoles. Neither did it last time, chances are neither's going to do it this time. This is especially true if Lockhart exists. There's no point releasing a budget-oriented model if you're willing to heavily subsidise the premium model.
Yeah, 'aiming' for 2021 implies they're hopeful but it might not make 2021. I don't think they'd say that if it was targeting - say - February.
&gt; If they were coming out this year, Sony would've likely said so, even if it didn't have and exact date. It depends. I think it's more damaging to announce a game as a launch title in June and delay it afterwards than it would be to not give a date and then surprise people later. So if they've got games that might make launch or might slip and they're not 100% sure then I can see why they wouldn't give a date.
I don't know about launch day specifically, but based on what's already announced there's most likely going to be over 20 games this year. I think there's 18 games confirmed for 2020: Playroom, Spider-Man, Deathloop, AC Valhalla, Deathloop, Kena, Jett, Bugsnax, Vampire The Masquerade Bloodlines 2, COD, WRC 9, Dirt 5, FIFA, Madden, NBA 2K, Outriders, Destiny, Fortnite. Then there's likely to be some unannounced indie titles, ports, F2P games and it's possible some of the undated games at the announcement are 2020.
Why would you want that? They have the money and time to make whatever they want on whichever platforms they want. There's nothing to gain from them going exclusive.
It wouldn't exist though. The whole point of Fallout 76 was to make a multiplayer version of a Bethesda game. Without the multiplayer there's no reason to follow up Fallout 4 with another Fallout game so they'd probably have just started working on Starfield earlier.
Star Wars Squadrons. Its leaked earlier in the year under its codename Project Maverick. Mel Gibson was in a movie called Maverick.
People 'defend' developers over 'mediocre' games because they don't find them mediocre. It's really not that hard to understand. Just because you didn't enjoy a game doesn't mean other people didn't. Tastes differ. This is particularly true of the Pokemon games where the audience who gets really into the end-game/ collecting them all/ competitive is a fraction of the playerbase. So it's entirely possible for a lot of players to love a Pokemon game with 'no content' because they were never going to touch that content anyway. &gt; Take Pokemon for example. Before the switch, they delivered stunning, outstanding quality Pokemon games. Now, they deliver a half-finished game that doesn't feel anything like the previous games in the series, is completely gutted and lacking in content. And this just shows the problem with your premise. A lot of people hated X and Y and Sun and Moon as well whereas clearly you didn't.
They *do* have a lot more to talk about though. It's almost certain that there's a new UFC coming, Mass Effect remaster has been strongly rumoured, they've got that Medal of Honor VR game, rumours about a new golf game, they teased new Battlefield and new Dragon Age that both could have been expanded on or at least given more time than whatever that Skate teaser was. This isn't EA trying to make it look like they've got more than they actually have, it's the opposite, they deliberately skipped over games that could/ should have been there.
&gt; Cool analysis, but really all you need to know to estimate the price is the fact that the manufacturing cost per unit is roughly $400. It was around $450 in February according to Bloomberg.
Yep. Chances are every current gen -&gt; next gen game upgrade is going to function exactly the same way for the reason you said, EA are just being upfront about it.
I'm glad to hear that. When we first heard about Project Maverick, VR support was the thing I wanted most because - despite only being a short add-on - the Battlefront Rogue One VR mission is one of the best things on PSVR. Coupled with how good Ace Combat 7 is and it's pretty clear the flight games are almost a perfect use for VR headsets with all the benefits and very few of the drawbacks.
If you're entering into the games market in a big way I think you need a big publisher/ service provider. Look at how Google and Amazon have been floundering trying to set up internal development and not really creating anything people want to play. Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo put out multiple AAA titles per year and already have established franchises with big audiences, one or two developers working on new IPs can't compete with that.
Kind of interesting that there's no mention of a release date. The Horizon 2 video told us it was targeting 2021 and Spider-Man MM already had a date so this is the first first party PS5 developer video which doesn't have a date for the game in it.
Boxed sales have declined a bit since Uncharted 4 was released and digital sales have grown by a fair amount, so if it's ahead on boxed sales then it's probably selling substantially better overall.
Bethesda Game Studios is a lot bigger than it used to be. They've added three satellite studios since Fallout 4 released in 2015, so the idea of them becoming a multi-game developer isn't crazy. BGS Austin were heavily involved in 76 already and - AFAIK - are handling all the updates while the main studio works on Starfield so that does imply it's something they're potentially working towards. Not that I believe this rumour because pretty much all the stuff it got right was rumoured or guessable, but I wouldn't be surprised if we saw a new Fallout game sooner than you might expect from the normal Bethesda dev schedule.
&gt; These Farm 51 guys don't seem to have any potential That's harsh and - from my limited experience - a little unfair. I think they're a classic eurojank developer, which is to say that they're a studio whose ambition exceeds their capacity to deliver right now. But we've seen Polish studios like CDPR and Techland start out making eurojank games and then progress into successful AAA developers as their budgets increased and I think TF51 could do the same.
For anyone who just read the headline: Bloober Team is a publicly traded company so they have to disclose takeover talks. They've filed documentation that makes it look like they're doing exactly that (it could also mean they're looking to acquire companies but that's unlikely in context). However they're seemingly in talks with six different companies, so if Microsoft are looking to acquire them they're not the only one. However there's been a lot of recent speculation that Microsoft are going after a Polish developer, and Bloober Team are working on an Xbox exclusive project, so it does all seem to add up.
I didn't even think about the idea of this leading to Facebook integration in the next Xbox and I'm with Jeff, it sounds gross. I like to spend as little time as possible using Facebook services. I'd have cut them out of my life entirely if doing that didn't mean probably losing a bunch of old high school friends. Facebook and Microsoft getting closer for games would have some really interesting potential knock-on effects for VR though. Probably a win-win if Microsoft got ready-made VR support and Facebook got access to a bigger install base, and a big win for fans of VR if there's a bigger install base for developers to target.
Unless it's a British-based subsidiary of a larger company, the only British developers/ publishers I can think of that would be big enough to realistically acquire anyone are Codemasters, Rebellion, Sumo Digital and Frontier. I think it's more likely to be an investment bank though. Given CDPR's crazy stock price I wouldn't be at all surprised if there were investors looking at the Polish games market as a potentially untapped investment area.
Yeah, you can look up a list of projects if you want but all three are the kind of studios that frequently put out multiple games per year. Sumo in particular are basically a go-to outsourcing and co-development company for a lot of big publishers and have been opening and acquiring new studios.
While it's obviously impressive how much more relevant the PC market is to Japanese publishers now, I think what it shows most of all is just how big Monster Hunter World has been for them. Capcom have said it's their best-selling game ever and it launched in FY18 on console but FY19 on PC. That alone probably accounts for most of the difference YoY. Kind of crazy how one game seems to have taken the series from being massive in Japan but niche everywhere else into what now looks to be Capcom's biggest franchise globally across all platforms.
Career mode died because most of the people who cared moved onto online multiplayer. Sports games have always been multiplayer games at heart, it's just that before everyone was playing online they needed a singleplayer mode to keep players entertained when they couldn't play together locally. The rise of online multiplayer meant that they didn't need to do that anymore. If career mode had a big audience, it would get support, or some other game would come along with a better career mode and win over the audience. Neither has happened, and it's likely because career mode isn't very popular.
Yeah, I think this is an underrated facet of Chelsea's transfer strategy right now. Whereas previously the goal often seemed to be to fill holes at all costs and therefore have protracted transfer sagas as the club negotiated for players that their current club didn't want to sell (often leading to compromise signings late on), the goal now seems to be to bring in the best players who are on the market and will improve the squad. The Ziyech and Werner deals both ended up being quick and efficient, great players at good prices before the window even opens. That makes it look like a long-term plan that's working. Instead of scrambling to build a league-winning team in one window they seem happier to improve and wait for the right players to become available, a strategy Liverpool used effectively to build their current team. All of which means that people probably shouldn't get annoyed if they don't fix every problem in one window. If it takes another season to build the right squad that's probably preferable to missing out on major talent this window to get an overpriced centre back.
They've also got Odegaard and Kubo playing well on loan. Both are likely to go out on loan again next season, but it does raise questions of whether they're really going to invest like €80m in a young player in that position when they've got two highly rated prospects there already. Though TBF with Real Madrid's recent track record you can't exactly rule it out and Havertz is definitely the best of the three.
Because there were never any negotiations with Leipzig. It was a release clause transfer. The only negotiations were with Werner/ his agent, once they said yes it was basically just a cash deposit (I'm oversimplifying obviously). Havertz doesn't have a release clause so the club would have to approach Leverkusen and negotiate for any transfer.
Feels like one of those decisions that's most likely a penalty by the letter of the law but that the old guard of centre backs hate and wouldn't have been given regularly even a few years ago.
Hunger Games is a particularly interesting one because it works way better thematically too. It creates a kind of meta-fiction where you're watching kids getting murdered for entertainment in a story about a terrible society where people watch kids getting murdered for entertainment. That conveys the themes of the story and the parallels it's trying to draw with modern society much better than telling the story from Katniss' first person POV like the book does.
The VR stuff hasn't released yet but it's close. They were hiring Dreams players for two weeks paid work as a tester for the VR functionality last month.
You're missing the point. I'm not saying they're worth too much for Sony to buy, I'm saying they're worth too much compared with other publishers. Capcom are worth like 5% more with a stronger IP portfolio and better developers, so why would anyone buy Konami when they could have Capcom instead? A lot of Konami's value is based on the success of Yu-Gi-Oh, PES microtransactions and stuff outside gaming. Those don't align with PlayStation so they're not worth the money they'd cost.
&gt; Konami isn't interested in videogame development, they just want their easy money from licensing and their pachinko machines. More than half of Konami's revenue comes from games. The pachinko stuff is just a meme.
Mobile. Judging by the way it's reported in their financials, they seem to make the most money off microtransactions in mobile versions of PES, a Japanese baseball game and Yu-Gi-Oh. They also seem to include the physical game of Yu-Gi-Oh in their digital entertainment division so I assume that makes quite a lot of money too.
User reviews are terrible at the best of times and particularly terrible when something takes a cultural or political stance that some portion of the audience dislikes. Critics obviously have their flaws but they're individuals and individuals tend to be relatively consistently flawed so you can easily pick and choose which ones to pay attention to. User reviews are terrible because they can be ruined by any group that's bored or engaged enough to do it and that anonymity means you never know who's taken offence and why.
Him and Werner playing together is going to be interesting. Both are players who can sit on the shoulders of defenders and make quick, dangerous runs in behind. I have a feeling nobody is going to be able to play a high line against us next season and teams that try are going to get punished hard.
He should be much easier to rotate next season. Ziyech - and potentially Havertz - can play centrally, Werner can play behind another striker, Loftus-Cheek adds another option, Gilmour breaking into the squad will increase the options too. He also probably won't be needed to play as a winger with the new players coming in and hopefully Pulisic and Hudson-Odoi staying fit. Mount is clearly a player Lampard likes a lot but I think a lot of the reason he's never been rotated is that Lampard's never been truly comfortable with his options at #10 and on the wings. Add more options there and Mount doesn't need to play every game (though I still think he'll play a lot).
He didn't get rid of Mata because he didn't track back enough. That was the reason he didn't start him, but he sold Mata because FFP was tight and he wanted the money to spend on other players. Mata was viewed as the most valuable player who wasn't crucial to the squad Mourinho wanted to build. It was probably the right decision too. That money helped fund the Matic deal among others and paved the way for the next season's league win. You can tell all this because when he was at United and didn't have the same monetary restrictions he used Mata quite a lot despite having alternative options.
Sure but Cerny was making his point while justifying the choice of fewer CUs with variable clockspeeds over fixed clockspeeds and more CUs, so clearly he thinks it's the same argument. Variable clocks allow you to deliver higher clockspeeds, higher clockspeeds are easier to saturate for developers which means it's easier to optimise, therefore - at least within the console he's created - he believes variable clocks are easier to optimise for than fixed clocks.
Terrible art too. I hated the vinyl style and it lacked the character that all the best karting games have. LBP Karting was a worse game, but a better franchise to build off of because of the charm and customisability of the LBP aesthetic.
Dark type are the heels. That's why a bunch of them are puns on untrustworthiness Shiftry, Liepard, Scrafty etc, plus Incineroar being a straight up dirty wrestler.
I don't think they're cursed, I think Leicester City's title win just used up the blue-white luck globally for like a decade.
That's a long article for something that boils down to 'man working on Star Wars project says nice thing about franchise'.
The name isn't relevant. The point I'm making is that there's precedent for Zenimax studios being placed under the overall leadership of Bethesda Game Studios, so that isn't a barrier to OP's 'leak'.
If this goes through the team is going to be like Liverpool pre-van Dijk and Alisson. Stacked up top and scoring for fun but soft at the back and always vulnerable. Amazing for the neutral, terrible for my blood pressure.
&gt; there's not that much in common between both markets It's not about commonality, it's about marketing. For xCloud to succeed people need to know about it, that wouldn't happen if all the xCloud streams were on a platform like Mixer with a (comparatively) small userbase. They need to reach the widest possible audience to sell their product which means they need Twitch and YouTube.
That's a perfectly reasonable approach to take on a personal level, but it only works because you're a casual viewer. If you were a critic, an academic, a filmmaker or even just someone who wanted to understand movies on a deeper level than personal enjoyment, it would be almost impossible to maintain that viewpoint.
