Oddly enough he took 7/63 in the first innings of this very game. I agree with the general point but in this case I think he was just unlucky to be on the end of such a genuinely great innings.
Players aren't allowed mobile phones in the dressing room during games for anti-corruption reasons, so even ignoring everything else it's definitely a fake
They paid for 2 crore for Ishant Sharma last year (who promptly returned 0/179 in his six games at nearly ten an over) so I wouldn't be surprised
Any gold left for me too?
I just want to see Steyn's crazy eyes again
I think the management officially warned him about his fitness after he had to miss the last test against England, so you'd hope he's lost a bit of weight since then.
Snicker Dhawan
Reminder that England were 202-7 at Trent Bridge in 2014. Don't discount a Morne Morkel 81 just yet.
Please hold together /u/DaleSteynsShoulder
Kohli vs Steyn, I'm not emotionally ready for this chaps
Only four more wickets for Steyn to finally go above Pollock as South Africa's leading test wicket taker
There's a snippet at 1:01 of this video TM88 did for Genius explaining how he made the beat from the section JW Lucas sent him: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lH5ROxbKig4
Where's Junaid Khan? Injured or simply not selected?
For what it's worth, in his autobiography he does actually criticise the Barmy Army for mocking and booing Mitchell Johnson during the post-series presentation of the 2011 Ashes, so I don't think he's a hypocrite on this issue.
That’s not a fair representation of his argument, he was only talking in relation to rabbit tailenders.
100 wickets at 18.7 at home for Philander, wew lad EDIT: 101 now, what a catch
True but Pandya doesn’t have Sachin making 155 at the other end
Bon appetit
Daily reminder that this series was reduced from four tests to squeeze in more utterly thrilling Ind/SL matches
Not to hate on Dhawan's 16 but Bumrah's 2 is better than any Dhawan 16 I've watched so far
Mods this is abuse, do somethi-oh wait
I'm reminded of India's win at Johannesburg in 2006 at the moment, that was a real low-scorer as well. Ganguly resurrected his career, and Sreesanth showed us just how much extraordinary talent he would go on to waste. Something of a coming of age too for Zaheer after the time spent in county cricket honing his craft and improving leaps and bounds. http://www.espncricinfo.com/series/14500/scorecard/249215/south-africa-vs-india-1st-test-india-tour-of-south-africa-2006-07/
Even monks struggle to resist temptation sometimes
Boycott's question is fair enough, but I'm not sure what having him shout at Anderson whilst he attempts to summarise the structural flaws in English cricket in a couple of minutes, right after a defeat and as diplomatically as he's allowed to, is meant to accomplish exactly.
Lenny and Carl
Mark Waugh is an Aussie He wears a baggy hat And when he saw the bookie's cash He said I'm having that Shared it out with Warney Then went and had some beers And when the ACB found out They covered it up for years
I was in the crowd on the evening Dravid began this innings. The atmosphere in the first over (Sehwag smashed Anderson for two fours and then was instantly trapped plumb in front) was magnificent, probably the loudest cheer of the day when the wicket fell.
Yep, he was once paid a sum up front by Nicorette to quit for four months, but was photographed smoking in public a few days before the challenge was due to end.
I'm strongly considering it at this stage
Give it a rest, save fake spoilers for streaming site chats
That delivery was fairly short but skidded on a bit, probably why it looked further outside leg (from our view right behind the umpire) than it actually was
Ashwin is bowling excellently, good thing he has such a superb keeper ready to take those chances he’ll engineer over several carefully planned overs so the batsman doesn’t go on to make a century
Whisper it quietly, but today might have been the beginning of the end of the "Pitchwin" stereotype.
How high are you?
I hear Tinu Yohannan plays positively and backs himself 110%
"I've never raced with less power in my life"
Interested at the discussion regarding the pitch. 335 all out and 169-5 doesn't exactly scream "flat road" to me - there isn't as much seam movement as at Cape Town but it looks a perfectly balanced surface to me, batsmen have survived playing conventionally and sensibly and both seamers and spinners who have actually bowled well this game have been rewarded.
Chris Gayle's test debut was in March 2000, only other one I can think of, although he's unlikely to play again despite not officially retiring. Shoaib Malik's was in August 2001 but he only plays limited-overs at international level now obviously.
Can't even remember the almighty MSK Prasad, Vijay Dahiya and Saba Karim smh
&gt;Kids look up to crickets Their distinctive chirp is undeniably inspiring
However tempting it may be, please try and avoid pinging users with the purpose of winding them up - it generally leads to more trouble than it's worth
Thx bby
I thought I told you that was our secret
Joe Root ODI bowling average against Australia: 28.42 Joe Root ODI bowling average against everyone else: 65.46
Why does Starc, the biggest unit on the Australian team, not simply eat the English batsmen?
I guess the only problem with Finch is that his batting form (in ODIs at any rate, in T20s he's an absolute gun) has been a bit inconsistent throughout his career: his stats are still good, but he'll be in absolutely ripping form like he is at the moment and then struggle to get the ball of the square for the next five games. He's undoubtedly a very good leader but Australia would have to commit to sticking with him if his form drops off again - he's probably not as reliable an option as Warner is, who's got good leadership qualities too.
Hannan Sarkar's shot was absolutely disgraceful for the first ball of a match.
Plus several of their players from the glory days have said the adminstration was a shambles even in then - partly because the WICB had hardly any full-time employees in the 1980s, but nevertheless they failed to put any decent structure in place to bring in the new talent to replace the greats.
Michael Atherton once declared in an Ashes test when Graeme Hick was on 98* - he got heavily criticised for it but Hick had slowed down massively in the 90s (probably through nerves as it would have been his first Ashes century), Atherton wanted to give his bowlers enough time in the fourth innings and he eventually ran out of patience as he reportedly felt Hick was batting for himself and not the needs of the team. England had pre-agreed a score and time they'd declare on and Hick wasn't throwing the bat enough.
Roy Gilchrist is an absolutely fascinating character to read up on. Coming from an extremely rough upbringing on a sugar plantation, by all accounts he was one of the most terrifying brutal fast bowlers ever even by West Indian standards, but also ridiculously undisciplined (he bowled a number of deliberate beamers) and had a number of on-field altercations (allegedly including some even in charity games) and general behavioural problems. There are many tales from the 20+ years he spent in the Lancashire leagues, regularly taking 100+ wickets a year and getting involved in a similar number of aggressive confrontations. He only played 13 tests, and only five first-class matches for his native Jamaica, so it seems all the sides he played for got fed up with his antics eventually: he's a classic case study of what could have been. edit: add to that /u/humanarnold's anecdote below about him being sent home from a tour for pulling a knife on one of his captains.
Among the many good things so far in this series, Wood's performance was one of the most pleasing for me. He showed he isn't just all about Pace^TM hype and took some crucial wickets, as well as bowling excellently at the death. All in all, winning an away series against the world champions is a pretty decent achievement indeed.
The Champions Trophy was a big missed opportunity in that respect - our performance in the semi-final on a slower, awkward surface showed that England still looked a bit one-dimensional on less flat pitches. Hopefully our performances in this series have shown a corner's been turned in that area.
Virat Snowli is still better at limited-overs
"Ice, Gary"
They were briefly Midland F1 before being bought by Spyker, but they were indeed Jordan before that.
&gt;You can see this fucker clinically analyzing and dismantling her in real time. He's so dominant in this "conversation." Fuck, it's domination, not conversation. On some level, she's probably turned on by him. "Instead of meeting real-life women, I learnt all I needed to about them from red-pill textbooks"
Normally adding 188 for your last five wickets and having the opposition 180-6 means your team’s in a wildly dominant position...
Been reading Stan Collymore's comments about cricket - I've rarely seen anything so tone-deaf, if he doesn't think football and many other sports don't have many of the same qualities that he criticises cricket for having then he's even more delusional than I thought.
Yeah, you can hear a few boos coming from the crowd when he walks on stage - just cause hating Watson was the vogue thing at the time because of his test inconsistencies, ironic considering without his knock in the Pakistan quarter-final his team probably wouldn't even have been there, *shrugs*
Not able to watch, has Sunil Gavaskar's anger reached [Sydney 2008 levels](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuK4YKzYMyo)?
Ishant's test bowling average drops below 36 for [the first time since January 2012](http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/player/236779.html?class=1;template=results;type=bowling;view=cumulative)
Banned
As a moderator of /r/Cricket, this is pretty much my ideal clashing of worlds
I'm not sure who's worse at this point, Jake Ball or his brother Logan
Apparently yes but no one bid for him
Needs more Trent Lawford
I agree with you broadly speaking, I'm sure many girls would be happy to take up the offer - tickets are tickets and he seems genuinely concerned about making their experience at least somewhat less awkward - and businesses/individuals hiring attractive women to promote themselves as more interesting brands has been a common practice since time immemorial. What I found sad was that (assuming this guy is serious) he seems to think having some beautiful women pretend to be his friend will make him seem more interesting and charismatic to other people and that it'll magically hide the effects of his social anxiety - I'm assuming he doesn't have many female friends if he's having to advertise in this way. If he really wants the confidence and self-esteem to really promote himself as a performer he should focus on fundamental and real changes.
WICB doing a spectacular job once again
&gt;why not do something to ensure that the most visible women in F1 aren't just brolly holders. Following up on this - if, as I suspect, it's a move to change the overall perception of F1 and how women can get involved in it beyond being a grid girl then it's crucial they give more exposure to the female members of the teams and the roles they play.
&gt;It's a change that will affect a minute of screen time at max. I expect the venn diagram between the people most angry at a change to a tiny aspect of an F1 weekend that 99% of fans couldn't care less about and the types who say "everyone is offended too easily these days" is almost a circle.
[His interview with Malinga published the other day is fantastic](http://www.thecricketmonthly.com/story/1147532/the-last-battles-of-lasith-malinga)
Alright Ed Smith I'll give you this one
[Have Ed Smith and Mick McCarthy ever been seen in the same room?](https://twitter.com/AndyinBrum/status/1002926326553219072)
Hey, at least Paul Hurst's Barmy Army will undoubtedly see us back into the Premier League in a wave of gloriousness
Everybody thought Buttler should be in the XI - ~~Virat Kohli~~ Ed Smith
"Now You're Gone (To The Second New Ball)"
Full article in case The Times' paywall gets in the way: The ECB is considering changing its regulations on residency qualification to allow Jofra Archer, the Sussex all-rounder, to be eligible for England in time for the World Cup and the Ashes next summer. The 23-year-old, who was born and raised in Barbados and has represented West Indies Under-19, rose to stardom in the Big Bash League last winter and was sold to the Rajasthan Royals at this year’s Indian Premier League auction for £800,000. Under the present ECB regulations Archer has to serve a seven-year qualification period and be “in residence” in the UK for 210 days a year, which would mean that he is not eligible for England until 2022, but The Times understands there are plans to accelerate the availability of a player who would provide England with that elusive quality — a genuinely quick bowler who is an athletic fielder and powerful lower-order batsman. Archer has a British passport and the right to live and work in the UK but because he did not move here until after his 18th birthday, ECB regulations state that he has to be in residence for seven consecutive years before he is eligible to play for England. Although ICC rules state that players who move to a country after they are 18 need to complete a residency period of four years, the ECB increased its regulations in 2012 from four years to seven. This was done to increase the number of homegrown England players and decrease the number of Kolpak players qualifying to play for England. Discussions are taking place which could see the ECB change its regulations so that they match the ICC’s four-year qualification period, or to make a discretionary decision that would allow Archer to become qualified at the beginning of next summer, meaning that he would be available for the World Cup and the Ashes, both of which are in England. Some in the England camp would like the option of being able to select Archer for both high-profile events next summer and although at this stage there have only been informal discussions, it has become a genuine possibility that his qualification could be fast-tracked. Any formal proposal to shorten the residency qualification period for all players or to fast-track Archer would have to be agreed by the ECB’s 12-person board. Meanwhile, Chris Woakes has been ruled out of England’s ODI against Scotland on Sunday with tightness in his right quad. He has been replaced by Tom Curran, the Surrey all-rounder. Woakes is the second player to be withdrawn from the Scotland match after Ben Stokes picked up a hamstring strain, which means he will also miss at least the first match of England’s series against Australia which starts on June 13.
Since January 1, 2014: Philander - home: 21.08, away: 33.56 Hazlewood - home: 25.48, away: 28.64 Anderson and Rabada have been pretty untouchable compared to other fast bowlers in the last few years.
Lakmal is a much better bowler than his poor average suggests, he's improved a lot in the last couple of years and when he's not bowling on the unhelpful surfaces he gets back in Sri Lanka he can be genuinely hostile with his pace and bounce. He averages 60 at home but 38 away, and even that's come down a lot recently.
This is the first test match Sri Lanka have played in the West Indies since 2008, amazingly (although perhaps less so considering how economically unattractive this series is).
Yeah it's why you've got to take the stats of SL fast bowlers with a pinch of salt, most of them average 35+ but that's partly due to the extremely spin-friendly surfaces in domestic and test cricket not helping them out much, especially when they're younger and are trying to develop their skills. It puts Vaas averaging 29 into perspective.
I've got the Fox Sports four-hour highlights (25fps) and the Sky Sports one-hour highlights (50fps) of that game. Which would you prefer?
It says a lot about how good KP was that I don't even think this was his best innings - the most important, certainly, given the context of how under tremendous pressure he brought the Ashes home after so long. His 149 against South Africa in 2012 is my favourite simply for the unadulterated savagery from start to finish, dumping Dale Steyn for a straight six as he took on his own team as much as South Africa.
45-minute highlights from an official board's YouTube channel is almost unheard of - hopefully other countries will start to do the same.
I have highlights/ball-by-ball coverage (one or the other, except for a couple of games) from all the games of the 2015 World Cup. Given that most of them are 3-4 hours+ they would take quite a while to upload, but if there are any particular ones you want (and not like 20 games or anything ridiculous, which would just take too long around work etc.) I can put them on Mega or something.
Gabriel bowling well over 140kph in that first over, encouraging on this placid track.
Been an up-and-down week. Got rejected by a girl I work with at the bistro on Monday which sucked, but I then used my frustrations at that to fuel a bout of applications for proper jobs to stop myself stewing in disappointment, the result of which being that I've now got two promising-looking job interviews next week. Sometimes it's just better to just go for it in those situations (I was nervous as hell before asking her), as even if things don't go to plan I found it really clears your mind and you can find motivation to focus on other things to stop yourself dwelling on your disappointment too much.
That win at the bottom (against Zimbabwe in March 2004) was their first international victory of any kind since the famous game against Pakistan in the 1999 World Cup. It puts into perspective how far they've come and how expectations have risen.
India/Pakistan 4-hour highlights: https://mega.nz/#!oUBhUJgK!OivyqB51CqxrX2kgr4S8VCVMFB3w0BES7FcBD7O1dTg India/South Africa 4-hour highlights: https://mega.nz/#!IJ4m2b4T!cdQUgIvmNyEJbHbV84e5Oybu0Fu4joAQsS1Im7mAOxQ I'll do the rest of India's games if you'd like them.
We've got three teams about as fast as each other at the top, instead of just one, for the first time in years. It should be a recipe for a brilliant and unpredictable title fight a'la 2010 and 2012. Thus it's immensely frustrating that the far-too durable tyres and massive turbulence have made overtaking so challenging and the last few races so dull. We're so close to having really exciting battles at the front, yet getting actually close and passing is proving really hard.
For real - Hulkenberg in seventh finished over a minute down from Kimi in sixth, who didn't drive a good race at all. At least we have three superfast teams to increase the competition, instead of just one winning all the time, but it puts into perspective just what the car performance gap is.
OSN Sports, the host broadcasters, will be showing the games back in Pakistan (along with PTV Sports) and Sony will be showing them in India, plus Sportskeeda will be streaming the games via their Facebook page for Indian viewers only.
Graphics are broken at the moment, OSN are currently trying to fix the problem
I think Canada were actually invited to join by the ICC in the 1950s, but they turned it down because they didn't think they were good enough yet
Agreed, she's one of the best female commentators in the business. Much rather listen to her than to Beefy spending the whole game complaining that there aren't seven more slips in
17 I believe
Plunkett didn't play in the 2005 Ashes, he made his international debut against Pakistan in December 2005 - he is the earliest active cricketer from either England or Australia though
Ah, a timeless classic
And with that, the 1000/2000 was no more
In case you wanted reminding of [the previous highlight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbZMOkt1Tr0) of Mahela Udawatte's international career
It seems only CricinfoBot didn't fancy watching Portugal/Spain
Agarkar was a perfectly decent ODI bowler, he held the record for the fastest bowler to 50 wickets in ODIs for a good decade
Cardiff has some small boundaries because of the odd proportions but most of the international grounds in England are respectably sized
* Billings * Sees D’arcy Short * “Is this Kuldeep Yadav?”
Megathread Part 28 when
I thought Broad would be pretty boring as a commentator but he's settled into it really well so far, he's analysed clearly and informatively in a refreshingly calm voice without being monotonous. It wouldn't shock me if he does it more in the future.
What an innings from Marsh, has to be among the finest of his long and chequered career.
In his defence, batting at number seven Moeen regularly comes in towards the end of the innings in the last ten overs and gets out slogging trying to put on quick runs. Not that he doesn't have weaknesses in his batting (i.e. vs the short ball) that make him less successful at doing this but you have to take his average with a slight pinch of salt given what he is being asked to do, with very few opportunities to actually build an innings properly. His [average of 26 at a strike-rate of 111 batting at number seven in ODIs](http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/player/8917.html?batting_positionmax1=7;batting_positionmin1=7;batting_positionval1=batting_position;class=2;template=results;type=batting;view=innings) is more or less what should be expected of him in that position, assuming the top six do their job in the first 40 overs.
I was going to say kapurprem too, he recorded from Star and Ten Cricket religiously and posted so much good stuff before his channel got taken down for copyright issues. I've spoken to him over email and swapped a few games around, although he says he lost much of his collection when his hard drive got corrupted or something.
[Bairstow on form in non-cricketing departments as well](https://twitter.com/jbairstow21/status/1008791661453938688)
Australia hoping their best bowler R. Out can continue to make crucial strikes
Worth bearing in mind that the 2017 CT was predicted to have 350+ scores from start to finish, and the scores ended up being much lower than expected. Given that the standard of bowling will be much better than this weakened Australian attack, I'd be surprised if the World Cup is like this every game.
Very true, I was surprised how slow the surfaces got as the tournament went on. The better bowling attacks - Pakistan in particular - used that to their advantage.
As fun as this is, this bowling attack is nowhere near Australia's first-choice one.
Buttler walking in at 310-2 in the 35th over is a nice feeling to experience
And Broad not walking in 2013
Since the 2015 World Cup, where there were three 400+ totals, there have only been four more such totals since then, and given that three of them have been made by England (as well as a 399 in the same timeframe) it's likely enough that it's down to their own skill as much as it is to general conditions. It might be more accurate to say 350 is the new 300.
England playing 14 tests in 2021, but only against India (10) and Australia (4). The accountant at the ECB must be delighted...
Wasn't it opium Asif got caught with in Dubai and not weed?
England are hammering Australia. Scotland beat England. But Zimbabwe tied with Scotland in the WC qualifiers. Therefore Zimbabwe and Scotland = joint world no. 1
Hey man, just an apology for the delay - I'm uploading all six of India's other 2015 WC games to Mega right now, so you should have them today hopefully.
Got to afford Tharanga Indika's payments somehow
It's frustrating how inconsistent his bowling seems to be. He'll be bowling intelligent, attacking spells of off-spin and picking up plenty of wickets like he has this series but then he'll go for 0-80 in all three games against India or something. He seems to be something of a confidence bowler - once he gets on a good or bad roll it's hard to shake him from it.
Getting bowled from a leave is sometimes forgivable if it flicks the outside of off-stump, but that hit middle lmao
Freeview channel here in the UK that started broadcasting last year, although annoyingly you can only get it as part of Freeview HD packages so most people don't bother. I don't know anyone who actually has it or watches it, although that's probably because they don't show much high-profile stuff yet.
I think it's Sky channel number 422
I wonder if Ajay Jadeja's been to any Irish betting shops for his tourism features
I'm guessing they didn't initially pick up that the batsmen crossed during Dhawan's dismissal.
According to the newspaper reports it seems he playfully grabbed her and drew her onto his knee, rather creepy. &gt;It seemed a good natured incident at the time and the players’ wives smiled and went along with the fun. But it seems the incident caused embarrassment and made them feel uncomfortable. One unnamed England player said last night: “If that was my wife and he put her in his lap I would have wanted to punch him.” https://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/cricket/twenty20/3270991/Sir-Allen-Stanford-apologises-to-Kevin-Pietersen-and-England-for-flirting-with-WAGs-Cricket.html
Just a reminder that, whilst the identity of the person rumoured to be behind this is currently going around on Twitter, please don't post any screenshots of people or accounts you suspect to be responsible, or anything containing personal information (we've had to remove one link containing a mobile number). If you want to do it elsewhere, that's your business. Doxxing helps no one - wait until the culprit's identity is verified, we don't want to risk dogpiling on the wrong person. We're not 4chan.
Oh definitely, I remember the Boston Bomber fiasco all too well.
Acting like Ghetto Supastar isn't iconic
This ain't it chief
Evolving the joke, I like it
Nah, in that game they were only chasing 15. I think the actual game in question was [that game against South Africa in 2013](http://www.espncricinfo.com/series/11917/commentary/649087/pakistan-vs-south-africa-1st-test-south-africa-tour-of-united-arab-emirates-2013-14) when Pakistan scored 45 to win and still managed to collapse to 8-3 in the process.
Next stint: "That's gone "Straight Up" in the air"
2 - All made centuries on test debut?
Batted on all 5 days of a test
All made pairs on their test debut
Cheers, let's just say I've got waaaaay too much time on my hands
"Guess this user's age by their username"
He didn't introduce them as such. Dhawan was stalking Harbhajan's Facebook friends list in around 2007/08, found her on it and slid into her DMs. They married about a year later. http://www.espncricinfo.com/blogs/content/story/837007.html
Is your flair a clue by any chance?
All on the Lord's honours board?
TIL Shaheen Shah Afridi's brother Riaz played [one test for Pakistan in 2004](http://www.espncricinfo.com/series/14949/scorecard/64106/pakistan-vs-sri-lanka-2nd-test-sri-lanka-tour-of-pakistan-2004-05)
The best thing about this is that there's [already a basketball team in Delhi called the "Capitals" - and who until a few hours ago already had taken the Twitter handle](https://twitter.com/cwjreynolds/status/1069923916368494593)
Joking aside, Ishant took 68 games to take 200 wickets, making him *the* slowest bowler to reach the milestone.
[Still a classic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDPCPr0t6uU)
You say Evin Lewis - I say Gordon Greenidge You say Ben Stokes - I say Ian Botham You say Adam Zampa - I say Shane Warne You say Rohit Sharma - I say Sunil Gavaskar You say Ish Sodhi - I say Daniel Vettori You say Mitchell Starc - I say Merv Hughes You say Jason Roy - I say WG Grace You say Aaron Finch - I say Don Bradman Thumbs up and subscribe if you still support REAL CRICKETERS in 2018
If it's any consolation, India are due to tour New Zealand again next year (2019/20) and play a test series this time. Sadly it's only two tests, but better than nothing I guess.
Thanks, I hate it
&gt;"I have the gift of the gab, which I get from my dad, and clearly women love it. My open demeanour comes across as flirting, but that's just the way I am. I guess you could say I am charming and, as I say, chicks dig it." -seemingly unironic quote from Gibbs' 2010 autobiography *To the Point*. There's an entire chapter dedicated to his various sexual conquests as a player, described in full lurid detail. You can read the whole thing [here](https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=mQtbDwAAQBAJ&amp;pg=PT57#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false), which features such delightful highlights as: &gt;"...there just aren't too many lookers in New Zealand, which means you tend to spoil the ones you manage to lay eyes on. For a few days anyway. And this isn't just my opinion - a lot of the players will tell you that the quality there is not great, but hey." And: &gt;"...Australian women, I can tell you, are not afraid to speak their minds and make it crystal clear what they're after. Especially, as we found out, if you're an international sportsman. There's none of this "am I reading the signals correctly here?" crap. Nope, the message is hand-delivered to you in capital letters. Most of the time we didn't have to go and look for girls either. They came hunting, often in packs, and if they liked what they saw, you were in for the ride of your life. Fascinating social behaviour. They should study it... make a documentary on the Discovery channel. I'd watch it. It'd be like being coached by Jay from The Inbetweeners.
He needs to sort his strike-rate out a bit (even after today it's only 71) but if he keeps playing as well as that it won't be a problem. His limited-overs game has clearly evolved across this Asian tour.
That's a Sidhu quote IIRC.
Funnily enough, there's no real consensus among the female cricketing community on which term to use - some prefer "batsman", others prefer "batter".
&gt;She is only popular because of her appearance and her look. Nah I disagree, she's arguably the best female cricketer on the planet and a dual international. I'd like to think that's the main reason for her acclaim.
"[TwoXChromosomes, a subreddit for both serious and silly content, and intended for women's perspectives](https://imgur.com/a/l6Vn5)"
Warm take: Ishant has been India's best seamer this year apart from Bumrah. 35 wickets at less than 22 is a great return for someone who still can't move it away from right-handers.
&gt;Seekuge Prasanna *Twitches in ODI bowling average of 52.28*
New Zealand had a car bomb detonate outside their hotel whilst touring Pakistan in 2002, and flew home early. Australia were supposed to tour Pakistan as well later that year but refused on security grounds, so the series was played partly in Sri Lanka and partly in the UAE instead. It's also worth nothing that *a lot* of teams were reluctant to travel to Asia in the aftermath of 9/11, Pakistan suffering in particular: New Zealand's tour was originally meant to take place in September 2001 before it got cancelled at the last minute, and they found it almost impossible to arrange home series in the next few years. Heck, several England players pulled out of their tour of *India* (over 2100 miles away from Saudi Arabia) in late 2001 because of the jitters.
Andrew Caddick and Robert Croft both withdrew from the 2001 tour through security fears. Marcus Trescothick, Ashley Giles and Craig White also expressed doubts, but eventually agreed to go.
Yeah exactly, I was trying to put the security concerns into context.
Yeah, this take is a bit outdated. Many of the biggest male rappers are very introspective in their music these days.
One of the top replies, lol: &gt;I remember Sachin giving you a chance in the Titan Cup final in 1996 at wankhede.u scored 7 of 37 balls
If they had a better batting talent pool available, I'm certain they'd sling him out. Right now I don't think they can afford to.
Haven't got the link to hand, but someone checked a little while ago and found that only two of Misbah's test sixes were hit off seamers.
It's remarkable how quickly /r/whiteknighting devolved from "men clearly pretending to be nice to get women to sleep with them" to "men showing any kind of empathy towards women whatsoever"
He's playing really well here, but I'm not sure Shan Masood has been given the opportunity to play the format that suits him best. Test batting average of 23.5, FC average of sub-34 - gets recalled in South Africa List A average of 56.52 from 85 innings - played exactly 0 ODIs \#justpakistaniselectorthings
And Raina went on to make a pair, lol
You've reminded me of how Ishant sometimes used to celebrate wickets with a *namaste*
It's the most watched one I've seen. One of the videos of Yuvraj's six sixes has 27 million views and counting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQ2VPF3lEUM
I think we can safely say that Afghanistan are the best Asian team at this competition. Have India managed 207+ so far? Thought not.
Their batting has been their biggest weakness for a while, a few too many tuk-tuks and their big hitters are a bit inconsistent. It's certainly improving though, and allied with their excellent bowling they're not far off being a really fine side.
Afghanistan look guilty of being a bit one-dimensional here, Mujeeb nearly always opens the bowling but Finch is far weaker against seam early on.
It's also worth noting that Viv's ODI record dropped off a bit in the last few years of his career, as he started to get old and just as ODIs were starting to be played far more frequently - until the early 80s he was never playing more than 10 a year. In March 1986, after his 109th ODI, his average peaked at 57.50, still at an SR of 90.
2014 World T20 flashbacks intensify
Not a choke. Not an upset. Just a fine performance from an excellent Bangladesh team, outclassing South Africa in all areas.
I was promised a dramatic and hilarious collapse. Guess I'll have to wait for England's innings for that.
Surprised how negative Pakistan fans are, 150 off the last 19 overs with only 6 wickets is still really difficult. 1 or 2 more fall now and the game's right back in Pakistan's favour.
Go off king
Rule 1 of /r/cricket match threads: refuse to believe your team is until control until you wake up next morning and see the result in the newspaper
For what it's worth, the [OP admitted in SRD that the story was completely fake](https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/bw9ojg/rconfession_discusses_the_ethics_of_jizzing_in/epx2ftr/) and designed entirely to rile up Redditors. He was pretty alarmed at the amount of praise he received.
Tbh I feel like it's kind of a Reddit-wide problem. People are so quick to leap into hostile arguments and assume bad faith on the other person.
I studied there, can confirm.
I'm going to miss Dhoni's "oh yeahhh" every time an Indian spinner clean bowls someone
It seems like Kohli wants to get through some Jadhav overs now whilst the pressure's off so the 5th/6th bowler quota is out of the way and he doesn't have to risk Pandya later on. Seems a bit defensive.
Agreed, there's absolutely no hurry.
Kohli blocking to allow Rohit to make his 200. #respect
Highly impressive innings from Rohit. Survived a hellish spell up front on a surface that's hardly a road, against a team he has a pretty mediocre record against, and has picked up the pace whilst anchoring the chase nicely. All in a World Cup game, just to top it off.
Only 3 overs of Shakib and Mehidi left, so soon they won't have a choice.
I live for his "Awww noo"s
Absolutely 0 chance Gayle plays all nine games. If WI have any chance of getting to the semis they've got to rest him in some of the later games or his hamstrings will snap.
Atmosphere at the Eng/Aus match is going to be mental if the crowd's this partisan for a neutral game, lol
Yeah this one probably wouldn't have been different, but I'm convinced the Rashid googly that hit de Kock's stumps in the Eng/SA game would have dislodged a regular set of bails.
As much as I love him, he is prone to a bit of "Old Man Yells At Cloud"
In slight mitigation, he has been rested for a ton of ODIs as his test commitments have increased.
39 of those sixes were in 4 innings against England earlier this year though...
Hasan Ali in 2019: 5 wickets in 11 ODIs at an average of 97 and an economy of 6.2. Ouch.
Ramiz Raja is absolutely raging on TMS at the moment. Rightly so: 107-0 after 17 overs on a green pitch is a pretty poor bowling effort.
Sun starting to come out at the actual cricket, this is not a drill
Amir: *bowls a tight, probing spell* Pakistan fielders: I'm about to ruin this man's entire bowling analysis
Lol Ramiz said "not out" whilst that ball was still in the air
In other news, the TMS crew are watching videos of Robin Smith on /u/robelinda's YouTube channel live on air
To which the ICC responded by making the 2011 tournament, like, 3 days shorter with an almost identical number of games.
This is fair. Whilst the *volume* of rain is certainly unusual for this time of year, there's inherently a greater risk of it raining in England *in the first place* compared to other countries - so having reserve days should be common sense. Ultimately it comes back to the bloated format allowing no wiggle-room for reserve days, so IMO that's what should really change. 9 times of out 10, it's a risk the ICC would have got away with. The games would all have gone ahead, we'd enjoy the cricket and no one would really mind. This time they didn't.
Nephew
Really gonna need to knock them over quickly if we've only got 9 batsmen
Giving a guy with 0 runs in 13 ODIs the strike is some galaxy-brain thinking from Brathwaite
Because Shannon "why did he do that" Gabriel is in the team
Stating the obvious, but England badly need to win this game and beat Sri Lanka and Afghanistan to make their path to the semis smoother. Last three games are Australia/India/New Zealand and it's going to be really tough to win all three.
If Plunkett comes in at 4 cricket might as well cease to exist, since we'll never be able to beat this
I'd argue Williamson is a better T20 player, although overall there's not much between them.
Gayle's entire performance today belongs on /r/sportsarefun
Even then it might be a struggle for attention, given that the mens' singles Wimbledon final and the British Grand Prix are on the same day
I think the Australia fixture was one of their last Super Six matches and both teams were already qualified for the semi-finals, so it was probably a risk worth taking.
Lol that was so predictable
[Time to remember the most important stat in this fixture](http://i.imgur.com/R9uhnA6.jpg)
I love how this fixture makes the entire cricketing world stop in its tracks for a day. Overused analogy, but India/Pakistan is definitely cricket's El Clasico.
Fierce bowling attack in that team
Inject this into my veins
Say what you like about Ramiz, but he's very unbiased and directs plenty of criticism at the entire Pakistan team. Manjrekar, by contrast, clearly has his favourites and comes across a lot more sycophantic.
In hindsight, India would have been screwed if they hadn't been forced to bring Shankar in. At least as the extra bowling option he can cover some of Bhuvneshwar's overs.
*ICC and Star both breathe a huge sigh of relief*
[Meanwhile, Ben Stokes has other concerns in his life right now](https://twitter.com/benstokes38/status/1140307861383372800)
BREAKING: Final 5 overs to be played under Stick Cricket conditions
Batsman is hatless, repeat, hatless
Nobody: Absolutely nobody: Cricinfo commentators: let's take a look at what ESPNcricinfo Forecaster^TM is saying
Suffered an extremely severe finger infection during the Asia Cup last year.
Feeling glad that we remembered to pay our cheques to the weather gods ensuring good weather at all of England's games
Never been more sure that we're going to lose
Suffered a damaged eye socket from being hit during a county game, which he says left him with only 80-85% vision in the eye.
England do have one advantage over SL, namely that their middle order isn't made of soggy paper
Reminder that Afghanistan's bowling is meant to be their stronger suit
Apparently Gulbadin is listed to open with Noor Ali Zadran on the teamsheet
Awesome, congrats! May your graduation be as exciting and thrilling as an Alastair Cook leave.
Flashbacks to Harmison/Plunkett opening the bowling vs West Indies in 2007. Both were bowling like 4 wides an over.
Yeah that's how I feel with this sort of stuff. With fans it's just about fair game, but it's not a great look for professional teams to mock their peers.
Just something else for Kohli to come top in
I love how he's so totally selfless. He'll happily bat in whichever position the team wants plugging even if it doesn't suit him and it means sacrificing his stats.
Not that it's much consolation, but even after everything that Zimbabwean cricket's gone through you've still got some decent players. Outside the bigger names like Taylor/Ervine/Raza/Jarvis etc., I'm very keen on Tendai Chatara and Brandon Mavuta.
If New Zealand win this game, top 4 is pretty much nailed on. South Africa winning keeps the race for the last semi-final place very much open.
IMO, a low-scoring game isn't inherently better than a high-scoring one. A close game is a close game regardless of the number of runs in it.
A potentially close finish? In *my* 2019 World Cup?
You're not going to see many better wicketless spells than Tahir's today
Can you imagine how Phehlukwayo must be feeling right now?
Yeah this last over's going to take at least 5 minutes lol
There's been a lot of talk in the build-up to this game about how poorly balanced Australia's team is - too many top-order players having to bat out of position, probably a seam-bowler and decent part-time spinner light. Yet they're still doing really well, thanks to their core of 5-6 outstanding players.
Yeah, that's fair enough. Maxwell has kept things as tight as he needs to - they haven't shown a lot of confidence in Zampa as a front-liner.
At least we haven't had to put up with Shamim Chowdhury's "this was on the cards" every five seconds
More like Mark Webber and Pirelli tyres.
Fascinated to see whether Sri Lanka abandon their "one-out-all-out" batting policy that's struggled to produce results so far
Ladies and gentlemen, our next copypasta
&gt;The wicket has pushed Forecaster up from 238 to 244 Can't be many bigger oofs than seeing the score predictor go up once you get out
Thisara Perera's record in England: 8 innings, 56 runs at an average of 7 and a strike-rate of 70. Lol.
[There's a tweet for every occasion](https://twitter.com/JofraArcher/status/478557760351928320)
Wood has bowled so well this tournament, he's finally making his mark in white-ball cricket. Must nearly be time for his latest ankle injury.
Carlos Brathwaite, breaking the spirit of New Zealand-born bowlers since 2016.
Reminder that pretty much any format, no matter how bad, bloated or motivated by money and self-interest, can be redeemed if the actual cricket is good enough. These last few great matches have been the kiss of life this tournament badly needed.
*clears throat* Please don't lose. Please don't lose. Please don't lose. Please don't lose. Please don't lose. Please don't lose. Please don't lose. Please don't lose. (What, you think I'm nervous? No. You're crazy, haha.)
Given that they seem to have put Australia in entirely on the basis of the cloud cover, let's hope they take advantage of conditions better than Pakistan did in their Australia match-up. Without 2-3 early wickets this could be a mistake.
How could you forget Andrew Tye and his magnificent figures of 9-0-100-0?
Batsman: *plays self in for first 10 balls to assess conditions* Fans: OMG SCORE FASTER ARRGGHH
Finch almost scares me more than Warner at the moment. He's been in godly form recently and can score quick right from ball one - at least Warner gives you false hope with his watchful starts.
Or even six months ago. There's no denying he's turned things around spectacularly.
With their partnerships this tournament, I definitely would be.
Reminder that England had something like 20 consecutive successful run-chases at home before the tournament started. They certainly *can* do it, it's whether they can hack the extra pressure of doing it in a World Cup.
Nice tactical misfield there, proper 7D chess
Daily reminder that Marcus Stoinis won the Australia Men's ODI Player of the Year for 2018-19 whilst averaging 28 with the bat and 42 with the ball in the qualification period
The King of Spanish cuisine amirite
This is basically the Pakistan game all over again. Waste cloudy conditions at the start, Australian openers pile on runs, middle order goes nowhere. So what I'm saying is England are due a grisly collapse later.
From Cricinfo commentary: &gt;I promise, no one's ever going to trust process if Pakistan get through at England's expense. One team's done everything right for four years, while the other has looked nowhere near that level for at least the past two. And the latter's threatens to pip the former to the last four. Amazing drama.
Subscribe
Indeed, although this game has proven that New Zealand are beatable.
On the one hand, Pakistan are going to be breathing further down England's neck in the table. On the other, it has shown that New Zealand *are* beatable.
That was in the semi-final; in the group game, they won in 44.
Let the records show I was here on this momentous occasion.
Does this now mean Pakistan win back the Oye Hoye^TM trophy?
0 (2), needs to start slogging so he doesn't clog the innings up.
What happens first: Half Life 3 comes out, or Kohli not being number 1 on the ODI batting rankings?
Don't forget a very strong opinion over who should bat at 4
Imagine scoring 316 runs at 63 and a strike-rate of 98, and people still thinking you've underperformed because you haven't made a century yet. Such are the expectations when you're the world's best batsman.
It sounds trite, but we're honestly not going to know if Dhoni's innings was well paced until the end of the game. Several others struggled to time the ball properly today and he played the last over perfectly fine, but all those dot balls could be costly.
The structure of India's bowling attack right now is pretty much spot on. IMO they should play *one* of Bhuvneshwar and Shami, but not both, unless you want to leave out a spinner and they've got tons of part-time options to cover the one less frontline seamer. For what it's worth, Bhuvneshwar does make the weak tail a bit shorter.
You could make that swap, but then you have to risk Dhoni or Jadhav at 4 unless you want to drop someone else for Pant.
To be honest Sri Lanka's batting is panning out in exactly the same way. The real question is whether South Africa bat with any more brains and don't treat Dhananjaya de Silva like the next Murali.
Are you me?
See, that's what I don't get about his selection. You can bet some Sri Lankan selector made the point that "he offers lots to the side with bat and ball" but he almost never bowls more than 2-3 overs a game anyway.
Not quite, but their terrible net run-rate will almost certainly count against them.
When bees stopped play in the South Africa/Sri Lanka 2017 ODI, Chris Morris was bowling at the time in that game too.
Wish Ravi Shastri was on air to say "there's a buzz around the ground"
Oof, that yorker was peak 2011-era Malinga
Hope this game’s as good as the 2011 England/India World Cup clash. That was a match for the ages.
Despite the earlier pain, England only have one more over to get through from their fifth bowler. They can rotate their 4 main seamers for a while and choke India into further errors (in theory...)
Your daily reminder that Michael Vaughan advocated Roy and Bairstow opening in the Ashes on TMS during the World Cup semi-final
Must be Andrew Miller, his descriptions have always been the most colourful
OK Mollie King
Tremendous news from Cricinfo: &gt;The England management team will discuss whether they need to call-up a replacement for Burns over the next day or two. They have, at present, only one reserve batsman - Bairstow - in the squad and **are likely to consider Dawid Malan, James Vince and Keaton Jennings as options.**
Can't wait for KK Jennings c de Kock b Philander 0 (2)
I see the nuclear takes have started on Cricinfo &gt;Ben: "I would love england to throw Tom Banton in at the deep end, similar to KP in the ashes in 2005 - off one day form. It is so obvious the natural talent is there and let's face it, his FC record is no worse than Crawley."
Yeah he had like four years piling on the runs for Nottinghamshire before he qualified for a test call-up
Heh, phrasing.
Anderson has bowled superbly today (he was especially good to van der Dussen), deserves a bit of late reward.
I’m fully onboard with the idea of the WTC and the extra context it provides, but the points system lets it down (although I accept I don’t have a better suggestion). Whilst I suspect English comms are predisposed to dislike it because we generally play longer test series in the first place - and, to be fair, teams who can’t afford to host long test series aren’t discriminated against this way - it still seems odd that the WTC would effectively encourage less test cricket, not more.
Swear this is Root's most fluent test innings in about 3 years
The best term I've heard for incel communities is a "[crab bucket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crab_mentality)". They don't try and come together to work through their problems and support each other, as you would in a proper support group. Instead, they all do their best to drag each other down as much as possible and ridicule the concept of ever improving with phrases like "it's over". And if one of them does escape inceldom, then they're a "fakecel" or a "chadlite". No woman talks as bad about these guys as they do about each other.
Same tbh
Only his 9th six in first-class cricket
*Sibley rips off his mask to reveal it was Glenn Maxwell all along*
According to Cricinfo, Sibley has hit eight sixes before this game
Maharaj's current bowling stats for the 2019/20 season: 10 wickets at 78.40. Ouch.
You can thank Star Sports for that, think they were the first ones to use it
Since we're talking about it, [here's Anderson hitting Rabada for 6 in the Lord's 2017 test](https://youtu.be/5vUXEALxjDM?t=89)
I like your thinking, though I'd be tempted to play it safe and go for Archer, as he's shown he's better at thinking on his feet and mixing it up than Wood.
His two series in the subcontinent (India 2016, Sri Lanka 2018) were pretty poor, although the latter was a literal seamer's graveyard. In Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and West Indies he's been much better during that period, and has certainly improved his craft with the Kookaburra.
I normally really like Neil Manthorp, but he's overdoing it a bit today.
Getting flashbacks to the last day of Lord's 2015, when the comms were raging all day about Cook having a third man, and lo and behold, Boult popped it straight down the fielder's throat in the dying overs.
Is she part of the SuperSport camera crew?
Funnily enough, the Sky Sport NZ mics are nearly always left open during the live coverage.
Or a no-ball wicket, given it's Stokes
Gonna flick through Wisden to the section tallying up all the "Barmy Army Wickets" that have actually been taken
YouGov also did a survey for "Fame", measuring who had heard of particular players: https://yougov.co.uk/ratings/sport/fame/contemporary-cricket-players/all
Now I'm cross I didn't think of this one first.
There’s a genuine rumour that, in fact, Hanif mistakenly thought his score was 498 and he was trying to farm the bowling for the next morning (as this occurred on the final ball of the day).
Cricket’s anti-corruption unit is investigating a series of franchise owners over allegations of instigating match-fixing, Telegraph Sport can reveal. A number of owners in the 2018 edition of the Afghanistan Premier League could face civil charges of corruption by the International Cricket Council’s Anti-Corruption Unit. The ACU is concluding a number of investigations into the 2018 edition of the Afghanistan Premier League, many of them involving team owners themselves. It is understood this process is likely to lead to a series of formal charges lodged against owners and their associates. The revelations highlight a new frontier in corruption in cricket, with owners themselves accused of driving fixing within their own teams. Some owners, it is alleged, recruit some players to deliberately under-perform. They are then accused of betting against their own teams on betting markets – the vast majority of which remain unregulated and almost impossible to trace – guaranteeing themselves a profit far exceeding the prize money for winning leagues. In such situations, players – especially less well-paid local cricketers – can be placed in an almost impossible situation. Retaining their contracts depends on their owners, meaning that they can either under-perform or allegedly go against their owners’ wishes and face not gaining another contract. The amounts bet on the Afghanistan Premier League, and other similar competitions, mean that owners and their associates could stand to make huge amounts of cash from betting against their own teams. On the UK betting exchange Betfair, an average of £34.8 million was bet on each Afghanistan Premier League game in 2018, compared to £6.5 million for each Test match in the same year. The amounts bet on Betfair are estimated to be only a few per cent of the total sums bet on each game worldwide, which is estimated to often exceed £500 million in the Afghanistan Premier League and be even greater for other competitions, showing how lucrative it could be knowing the result of games in advance. The ACU’s challenge is heightened by the difficulty of following money gambled on games. Worldwide, only about 15 per cent of sports betting is legal and fully visible to regulators, according to the Inter­national Centre for Sport Security, a thinktank. About 35 per cent is under-regulated and partially visible; and half is illegal and invisible to regulators, largely in Asia. The Afghanistan Premier League has been riddled with accusations of corruption, leading to the 2019 edition being postponed for what the country’s cricket board called “risks for integrity of the league”. One prominent figure in Afghan cricket, speaking anonymously, has previously described fixing in the ­Afghanistan Premier League as “rife”, lamenting that some of those accused are “dodgy as f---”. While the ACU charges are centred on the Afghanistan Premier League, there are also rumours about impropriety from team management owners in other leagues.
I can't help but suspect they left the title ambiguous to get more clicks.
Jordan would be one the first names on my T20 teamsheet, he's a great all-round package. Might be tempted to play Curran over Woakes, otherwise I'd have the same bowling lineup as OP.
I would definitely be up for a 2020 Ravi Bopara England recall
I'm rubbish at pull-ups, so decided to try negatives yesterday as a means of improving (I want to sort out the weak point of my back going forward). I could lower myself with good control, but I really struggled to hold myself in position (with my chin above the bar) for 5 seconds without my arms and upper back tiring. Am I even ready to do negatives if that's what's happening? Admittedly I did these quite deep into my workout, so I may have just been generally fatigued.
My gym doesn't have an assisted pull-up machine. Could give bands a try, I guess.
Yeah I've seen him in a few franchise leagues (and the occasional T20I for South Africa) before, because I'm a nerd. Haven't seen him at this size, though.
Surely Michael Beer's selection (seemingly on the basis that Warne rated him) was worse?
The 2012 CB series was one of the best one-day triangulars of all time, change my mind.
In this era it's absolutely superb
India must really doubt their batting depth if they're still insisting on playing Jadeja in ODIs. I love him as a test cricketer but he's done virtually nothing with the ball since the 2015 WC - just turns up, delivers his 10-0-50-1 and offers little strike threat. There's only so much kudos being an amazing fielder should get you.
Don't forget the legends Rahul Sanghvi (2), Sairaj Bahutule (2), Venkatapathy Raju (1), Nilesh Kulkarni (1) and Venkatesh Prasad (0). Doesn't say much for India's depth at the time that they cycled through so many average spinners in one series whilst Kumble was absent due to his shoulder surgery.
I too recognise this YouTube video title
Wow, the ending really caught me by surprise. Can't imagine how frustrating it must be to feel as powerless as Smith felt.
Only has 1898 runs
If it doesn't have a public radio station called "Konvict Music" then he shouldn't even bother
I don't mind them a) as a way of adding variety - if every pitch was an unplayable greentop they wouldn't be as exciting - and b) if the scoring rate is fast. A slow grind on a pitch offering nothing is pretty tough viewing.
Same with me and "Nasser Hussain is bald and has a big nose" jokes
Sutherland's reply suggests it's all in good spirits. https://twitter.com/will_suth12/status/1217640466683838464
Never heard of Ahsan Ali, what's he like?
Number 3 looks ready to drop the hottest new McFly single of 2004
Not surprising, to be honest. The public might go through cycles of loving and hating individual royals, but the monarchy is still pretty popular in general (if only from, outside genuine monarchists, a) not wanting a PM as head of state and b) lots of people just not caring one way or the other).
Fair point. As you say, interesting to see how Charles changes things.
Not listening, what did KP say?
Heh, that's pretty good
My main takeaway from that list is that cricket in the 1950s (especially in Asia) was unbearably boring
I'm reminded of last year when people said Jason Holder shouldn't be suspended for the West Indies' horrendous over rate "because he's a nice bloke".
These kinds of debates always get boring really fast because you just know you're going to spend the next few days hearing the ex-players wheeled out to complain how "the game's gone soft" and "PC-gone mad" style rubbish. It's never productive, and accomplishes nothing apart from filling column inches until the next controversy wheels around again, where we rinse and repeat. I do think a demerit point is slightly harsh, but I can't bring myself to be righteously angry about it, given how close he was to a ban in the first place. I do take exception to the arguments about giving Rabada a pass because he's good and people being sad that they can't watch him. It is a shame, but no one player is bigger than the game.
"but he's been done for shouting at the pitch!" *facepalm*
He's got some way to go before surpassing Anthony McGrath though
An evergreen tweet
Flintoff may have *marginally* been the better bowler, but Stokes is so much better a batsman than he ever was (especially against spin) it's not even funny.
&gt;Would you want your kids celebrating like that? &gt;Nasser: "Yes". A bizarre point, given it's generally frowned on even more strongly in club and junior cricket to celebrate like a nutter and go off on one.
Seems to be unclear if there's actually been a penalty or not
Wood channelling his inner Umesh Yadav
Ironically, Wood's doing what people keep saying Archer can do with the bat but never does
I don't I've ever seen that before. I didn't know you could rescind a declaration like that.
If Mark Wood hits the fastest test 50, I think it's safe to pack up and go home as cricket will be pretty much complete
I hear Ravi Ashwin has a Dom Bess poster on his bedroom wall
Anderson took the first six of the innings during his 7-for against New Zealand in 2008
Love that Root's bowling style on Cricinfo is listed as OB/LB. True mystery spinner.
Pretty sure Darren Gough just called India's limited-overs legspinner "Chalal".
Nothing in particular. Ian Salisbury just wasn't very good.
I think the only reason he got a seat was that he was mates with Aguri Suzuki
They hosted the 2014 World T20 pretty successfully, so it's definitely possible. On the downside, the BPL has shown that a lot of the pitches (especially at Mirpur) are far too slow to produce entertaining T20 cricket, so that would have to be addressed.
That's /r/saddestbackflip territory
I actually think a 3-3 split is better. Gives context to T20Is played outside tournaments, and ensures that ODI series don't drag on if they're one-sided. 5 ODIs in a series should be the absolute maximum, there was never any reason apart from TV money to play 7.
Fair enough, guess I was wrong.
Things do seem to be improving on the pitch front. The Sher-e-Bangla has faced criticism in the past for being too slow, but as you say, [it was much better this year](https://www.thedailystar.net/sports/cricket/news/the-good-and-bad-bbpl-1855894), with some pretty hefty targets being chased.
Yeah, saying Moeen "refused" is a bit disingenuous. The team are well aware of and respect his religious beliefs, and won't ask him to drink/get covered in alcohol or do anything else that goes against his faith.
Beat me to it. Suddenly the men they've been berating as "soyboys" are now the ones rolling in women?
It's often forgotten because of how few tests Zimbabwe play, but Harare Sports Club has consistently been one of the flattest pitches in international cricket for years.
Really? I had no idea that was the case.
There's no doubt that KL Rahul is a fine white-ball player who should be in India's LOI teams somewhere. The only question seems to be where. edit - nice jinx from me...
Big fan of the Extremely High Quality BBL in which D'Arcy Short can take a match-winning five-for.
[Other journos are saying the same](https://twitter.com/swildecricket/status/1220655699254005761)
We beat a good New Zealand team 3-2 with half our first-choice batsmen missing, probably don't quite know the best team composition yet but you'd have to say they're at least decent enough.
My only memory of Beuran Hendricks is watching Hales and Buttler cart him around during the 2014 World T20. No doubt he's developed a bit since then.
Sony I assume?
"Couldn't happen to a nicer people Michael"
I do find it funny that Japan only qualified because PNG had to forfeit their last qualifying match after 11 of their players were suspended for shoplifting.
One of his tweets literally from earlier today: "Hahahahahahahaha even I can't bring myself to try and argue for this one, and I'll normally back any old bullshit if I think it'll start a row."
I feel like the popularity of forums like /r/indianpeoplefacebook is partly responsible for this. Stuff like the infamous "friendship ended with Mudasir" was funny, but eventually it just devolved into mocking Asian people anytime they used poor English online.
Okay, there's clearly no more useful discussion to be had on this that isn't just shitslinging at fans of other countries. Locking the thread, and remember to be excellent to each other, guys. We understand this is a sensitive topic so please report anyone you see flamebaiting.
For clarity, the Sri Lanka/Ireland test has been postponed because it wasn't part of the broadcasting agreement signed way back in 2013 with Ten Sports, and presumably they couldn't strike a one-off deal with anyone else. SLC are due to agree a new broadcast deal this year which *does* include this test, so hopefully it'll be played in the not too distant future.
In other news, Japan Under-19 (bowled out for barely 40 in their last two games) are currently 52-2 against England Under-19. Because of course.
The most frustrating thing is that he's looked in pretty good nick throughout and has averaged the same as Stokes (about 45). The failure to convert still haunts him.
Also worth noting that Sarfraz's test was done in September 2018, and he's clearly knuckled down and got *much* fitter since the World Cup so I reckon he'd do a lot better now. The entire Pakistan team recently completed a fitness test administered by the PCB, and he's been said to have ["shown massive progress in his fitness since he was dropped from the national team."](https://cricketpakistan.com.pk/en/news/detail/question-marks-remain-over-three-players-fitness-level)
The source also says he did a 22.2 in July 2018, the best in the squad literally a month before he retired.
Claire Polosak has been a third umpire in the BBL, and stood on-field in a Namibia/Oman men's ODI last year (along with some domestic List A games in Australia I think).
The fact I can name all of Jake Ball's test wickets from memory (Azhar Ali, Cheteshwar Pujara, David Warner) is a damning indictment of just how few there actually are.
The gap between the two Pakistan/Bangladesh tests is because they've had to work the tour around the PSL, and the PCB/BCB dispute meant the schedule was arranged at the very last minute
Calling it now. Super over again? EDIT: lol
[Just call me Jofra Archer](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/ewjcpz/match_thread_4th_t20i_new_zealand_v_india/fg31cqm/?context=3)
[I like to think I had some small part in this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/ewjcpz/match_thread_4th_t20i_new_zealand_v_india/fg31cqm/?context=3)
Not_a_hate_sub.wav
It's not really a thing as far as I know, was trying to think how to best categorise MGTOW and where it fits on the political spectrum. I guess it just sounded right.
It'll get nuked for ban/quarantine evasion soon enough
No argument from me that FDS is also terrible. As always it's only because MGTOW got in the news that the admins finally care enough to do something about it.
I've long given up hope of the admins ever doing anything about that shithole. It's been a festering sore on this site for years now.
To address all the "what about /r/femaledatingstrategy" replies: yes, that sub is also dreadful. MGTOW is only being quarantined now, after *years* of being completely awful, because it's come up in the news, not out of some sex-based hypocrisy.
Just a term I pulled out of my arse, I thought I'd seen it somewhere before because I wasn't sure what category that sub best fit into. Probably the same as "new right", as you say.
You're obviously lucky enough not to have wasted as much time on this cursed website as I have
At least Rashid made up for it in his second innings.
Yeah, as hopeless as our government's response has been, I'm getting bored people with pointing at New Zealand and saying "this is what you should have done!". Sure, New Zealand have done a fantastic job and there are things we can learn from them, but despite both being islands the two countries have so many differences that affect our abilities to control a pandemic. The air travel is one thing, along with London being one of the world's busiest financial and tourist hubs, but New Zealand's entire population (5 million) is less than two-thirds of *London*, never mind the whole UK (67 million), and bear in mind the two countries' land mass is about the same. Population density is absolutely a factor, you'd need a Wuhan-on-steroids lockdown to keep community spread down to NZ levels. Again, not defending our Boris and pals at all, they've been awful. It helps that, unlike the UK and Boris' blustering nonsense, New Zealand actually seems to like Ardern, meaning they've been much more willing to comply with her calm, pragmatic messaging. But different countries require different approaches. Anyway, in case that sounded too fatalistic, cases and deaths are now slowly but steadily falling in the UK, so I've got all my fingers crossed that things improve and that we reach the other side sooner than we expect.
Sorry to hear that, glad things are better for you now.
[Apparently the Oxford vaccine is going to be tested in Brazil](https://g1.globo.com/bemestar/coronavirus/noticia/2020/06/03/2-mil-voluntarios-brasileiros-participam-de-testes-de-vacina-contra-o-covid-19-de-oxford.ghtml) (article is in Portuguese). If you wanted a country where exposure to the virus is more likely, giving the vaccine a better chance of showing its efficacy, that seems like a pretty good decision.
It's interesting that the article mentions the vaccine project leader's widely quoted comment that the vaccine only has a "50% chance of success", when the *primary reason* he gave for this figure was that the virus was diminishing too quickly in the UK to properly test the vaccine's efficacy. By testing it in a country closer to its peak, surely we're going to get much more useful data.
Me too. Who would have thought Bolsonaro’s idiotic approach to the virus could have had a benefit for anyone...
My main concern with Imola is that there would probably be zero overtaking, it was hard enough to pass in the older cars and in the wider 2020-gen ones it would be close to impossible (unless they've changed the layout in recent times). I'd prefer Mugello as a second Italian race.
I think this is just about European races, they've all be organised first as F1 want to do them all in one go to make the logistics easier. In my humble opinion, Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, China and Vietnam will probably take place later in the year, and the organisers of Mexico have said they're looking to go ahead too.
I'll admit I didn't read the article the tweet links to, apologies. A few more interesting takeaways: * Abu Dhabi don't want to do a double-header * Azerbaijan, Singapore and Suzuka probably off the table * The US GP could be held at Indy if COTA can't afford it this year
Yeah, the death count in Italy is believed to be significantly underreported, since all the hospitals being overwhelmed meant a huge number were missed initially. From Wikipedia: &gt;However, in regions where the healthcare system has been overwhelmed by the pandemic (e.g. Lombardy), official death statistics likely missed a portion of deaths outside hospitals.[473][474][475] In some areas of northern Italy, a comparison of the average registered deaths over the previous years with the deaths in the first months of 2020 showed a sizeable excess of deaths that were not officially included in the coronavirus toll.[476][477] In the month of March, 10,900 excess deaths have been estimated, that have not been reported as COVID-19 deaths.[478] I have to agree with the sentiment that yes, our response has been extremely shit, but it's not like other countries haven't had their own reporting issues.
The Russia stats are rather strange. Their high case count is pretty believable (they appear to be doing a colossal amount of testing, around 300k a day) but the deaths are still really low, to the point where it can't all be explained by the standard infection to death lag.
I'm not even sure why Spain feel the need to do that, their death numbers had been falling pretty significantly for some time anyway.
If you enjoy top-quality, highly professional sim-racing, you can't go far wrong with IntoTheBarrier.
I find it bizarre that discussion of hydroxychloroquine has fallen down politically partisan lines. Yes, the infamous Didier Raoult paper that brought it to prominence had serious issues of its own, and this paper being retracted doesn't suddenly prove HCQ's effectiveness (countless preprints of smaller, less useful HCQ trials have shown pretty mixed efficacy). The various authentic large scale trials, such as the UK's RECOVERY trial of multiple different drugs, will give us a better answer. ([A different trial, released by the University of Minnesota yesterday](https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2016638), has suggested it doesn't seem to help that much.) Ultimately, it either works or it does not, regardless of what political leaders think of it.
I'm a little disappointed at the reaction to the widely-shared Newsnight graph claiming we had more COVID-19 deaths on Wednesday than the rest of the EU combined: [as others have pointed out](https://twitter.com/EdConwaySky/status/1268504851555778560), the graph is slightly misleading since the UK's figure is *reported* deaths, many of which occurred over the previous five days and a small number even earlier. Heck, PHE is still reporting occasional deaths from *March* in their daily hospital figures. It also ignores a bizarre change to Spain's death reporting that's seen it go from 60-70 reported daily deaths a week ago to zero, which has been received rather badly by the Spanish health authorities. Any criticism of it is being dismissed on the basis that it's somehow letting the government off the hook to point out its flaws, when there are many other stats (the ONS excess death rate and the FT's tracker, for instance - these people in the daily reports have obviously still died, but there are more useful ways to represent that) that give much more robust proof of our poor standing. It also assumes that other countries don't have issues with their own reporting: not just Spain, but Italy are widely believed to have missed thousands of deaths from when their hospitals were overwhelmed. Other countries have their own reporting delays to account for. Point being, we're still almost certainly doing the worst, but we're not as big an outlier from other hard-hit countries as people seem to think. The point isn't to defend the government, of course: their dreadful complacency has cost thousands of lives, and it seems like a pedantic point to argue that we're doing slightly less badly than assumed, albeit still very badly. But in times where covid statistics are compiled with such a mixture of standards and metrics, we need to rely on the most robust numbers possible when mounting our criticism, and it's not "giving Boris a pass" to ask for this.
I can't imagine how painful that must be, what an awful position for her to be in. All the more reason why it's important to recognise and correct the failures that led to so many having similar stories.
I'm looking forward to his Spiked column once he leaves the BBC
I'm sure people have mentioned this before, but nevertheless: could news websites *please* quit it with all those faux-intellectual think pieces (with clickbait titles like "Why Socialising Will Never Be The Same After Covid") that weirdly glorify various post-covid dystopias where going to bars, making new friends, dating, concerts, public gatherings, watching sports children being allowed to play together at school, cinemas are all banned indefinitely? They make me feel terrible every time I accidentally come across them and they do no one any good, especially as no one seems willing to talk in end terms of the pandemic, instead just blandly *accepting* this. Humans are social animals, period: the world these articles seem to want sounds an absolutely lousy one to live in. Worst of all, plenty of people in the comments invariably agree about wanting to spend their whole lives in some sterile, joyless bubble to protect themselves against a virus which has an almost non-existent chance of killing them. Where's the joy in that?
I assume you're referring to the report that Berlin's R rose to 1.95 on June 3. Whilst true, it was based on Berlin recording 35 new cases that day as opposed to 23 the previous day: the city has been surprisingly unaffected by the outbreak in comparison to other parts of Germany and only has around 300 active cases anyway, so any jump in the case tally is going to cause the R to fluctuate significantly. In the days since then, Berlin has recorded 27, 45 and 18 new cases, so there isn't an obvious upward trend yet (for comparison, Berlin recorded around 20-30 cases a day for most of May, with the odd outlier in the 40s or 50s).
It's been neither verified or debunked: at the moment it's just the observations of one doctor in one hospital, along with another couple of doctors in different countries who have been quoted in the media stating similar observations. You'd need to run proper trials, and sequence the genomes of these viral loads to compare against the older ones, to see whether a weaker strain of the virus is becoming more dominant. As the other reply points out, the WHO have said there's *currently* no evidence for this being the case as it's just a theory, but it *could* be true - I certainly hope it is.
Whilst this is still horrible, the title is misleading (possibly due to a clunky translation from the original Polish): the claim is not that 37 fans who attended the match died, but that in the month following the match the hospital trust in which Old Trafford is based reported 37 more deaths than the next nearest one (the English Guardian article mentioned elsewhere in this thread, which this piece is based on, explains this more clearly). Therefore, whilst the match itself likely contributed to the spread of the virus in the region, it's unlikely that all of these deaths were attending fans, more likely second or third-order contacts they brought it back to (the virus was almost certainly spread in local pubs before the match too, passing infections on to people who weren't attending anyway).
No worries, there’s such a colossal amount of misinformation and hearsay being peddled about the pandemic online (including on this sub) that it’s absolutely vital that we stick to facts and make sure to be as accurate as possible, so we properly understand the threats we’re facing. The claim being made by the original Guardian article - that certain public events helped spread the virus - is an important one, but the top comment on this thread basically implying you had a 1 in 2,000 chance of dying from attending the Manchester derby is utterly false. Unfortunately for Reddit, all this means *reading the damn article* and not just reacting to the headline or title.
Oi don’t mock me for being proper well-spoken, like.
I think these excellent graphs highlight a limitation of the daily government deaths figure: given that there are clearly thousands of excess deaths still unaccounted for (not all of which will be second order deaths) and that there are still occasional deaths being reported from March and April, never mind May, any sudden spike in the daily deaths figure should be interpreted with slight caution, as a small proportion may be from reporting lag. At least for about a week or so, before most of the deaths for that day will have likely have been registered and recorded and we can start to draw better conclusions.
I read this [fascinating article](https://www.statnews.com/2020/01/07/inside-story-scientists-produced-world-first-ebola-vaccine/) recently on how the Ebola vaccine (rVSV-ZEBOV), which was formally approved in the US as recently as December 2019, came to be. Basically, the scientists behind it had been sitting on the vector since the 1990s and had great data to show it had incredible efficacy in animals, but no one had the will to fund it because Ebola was so rare, so it just sat in a lab for years (even after it caused no ill effects in a German scientist who was given the vaccine under emergency approval, after it was feared she'd accidentally exposed herself to ebola during a lab experiment in 2009). Then, of course, the West African ebola outbreak happened in 2014, and they donated their vaccine to the WHO who decided to test in clinical trials. It took them several months, for various reasons, to find a pharmaceutical company willing to produce it at scale, with Merck agreeing to step up in November 2014. It went on to complete successful stage 3 clinical trials in West Africa, with the interim results of these trials published in *The Lancet* as soon as July 2015. Even then, it took several more years to get the vaccine mass produced as Merck only swung into action once the successful stage 3 results were published, and it was finally given the stamp of approval from the European Commission and the FDA last year. The point being? The main reason this vaccine took decades to reach the finish line was a lack of money and political will to make it happen, as ebola just wasn't enough of a threat - and as soon as it was, things started happening. There is *so* much money, *so* much manpower behind making a COVID-19 vaccine happen, including producing millions of batches at risk before it's even completed trials, most of the usual barriers to vaccine development just aren't here. If it's successful, it's not pie-in-the sky thinking to consider that this vaccine might be with us sooner than we expect.
Obligatory "Don't do that. Don't give me hope."
Oh I completely agree with you, was just kidding around :) I can't begin to tell you how much I want this vaccine to work.
Assuming this is true, it really does look like the virus has vanished from Wuhan, particularly encouraging given that the majority of their restrictions have been lifted now.
Kookaburra have apparently developed a wax that can be applied to the ball for the same effect, although I don’t know what the status is on that.
This guy's talking out of his arse, I did a Social Philosophy module as part of my degree which talked about subconscious bias, defining racial groups, whether AA is justified and all that jazz, and the notion "all white people are complicit in white supremacy" was never mentioned once. The discussions we had were far more nuanced and everyone got a voice at the table. It's also often forgotten that university lecturers will deliberately play devil's advocate and raise controversial propositions as a way of challenging their students to think more deeply about the issue and their pre-existing beliefs, in order to try and defend/oppose them accordingly. Of course, these interactions often get quoted wildly out of context as evidence of "SJW professors trying to spread Marxist propaganda!!?!?!". I wrote several essays that I knew went against the beliefs of my lecturers, and they received perfectly good marks.
Possibly, yeah, I agree it ends up stripping all the nuance out of the discussion. I can easily see a statement like that being proposed by an academic as way of sparking discussion and getting people to construct arguments for or against it, but in your average, day-to-day conversational setting it's clearly going receive more pushback. Unfortunately, once it becomes used as a blunt instrument without any explanation of the more subtle points about systemic racism it's trying to convey, it's unlikely to convert anyone. Your theory sounds plausible to me.
That's what it sounds like. She can visit you, too.
It's the second one, a single person who's currently living alone can join a household's bubble, and they can stay at each other's without social distancing.
Ned Flanders from the early Simpsons, sure, where the joke is his endless generosity and kindness rather than his Christianity - not the later Flanders where the writers turned him into a full-on conservative Bible-basher.
Thread is a year old, chief
/r/unitedkingdom and /r/ukpolitics have been melting down in response to this and Anthony Joshua encouraging people to support black businesses.
Suffolk resident here, can't argue with this. I live in a more rural part and virtually every village and town around here is 99% white, even the more multicultural Ipswich is over 90%. Our population is also very elderly ([22.9% aged 65+ compared to 18% nationally](https://www.healthysuffolk.org.uk/jsna/state-of-suffolk-report/sos19-who-we-are#who%203%20local%20picture)): I love Suffolk but it certainly isn't a progressive bastion. My mum spoke to a milk tanker driver the other day who was ranting that "the blacks" at the protests should "go home". Hilariously he preceded this with the classic "I'm not racist, but...".
Ha! I tried my best. I've worked and volunteered with lots of people in their 60s and 70s who are otherwise absolutely lovely, but you'll be chatting and they suddenly make some off-handed comment about black people being lazy, or brown people being terrorists. I distinctly remember a serious conversation about how it was such a shame *The Black and White Minstrel Show* and golliwogs weren't socially acceptable anymore. I should make it clear that a significant number of the older people I speak to *do* reject this kind of casual (and often overt) racism when then topic comes up, or at least accept that times have changed.
Agree 100%, this is a totally fair analysis.
These observations really show the importance of genome sequencing. There will always be the odd weaker mutation floating around, but if you can find proof that a weaker strain is becoming the most dominant one in a certain area, then we're really in the money.
I think the important updates will end up posted here anyway, so there's probably not much need for one.
Even as a raging lefty, I will happily argue that /r/unitedkingdom is almost entirely dreadful. Not that there's much to be happy about in our politics at the moment, but it's been so *relentlessly* miserable ever since Brexit and almost completely united in the view that England is the worst country on the planet (it's also something like 99% Guardian, Independent and The New European links). Since the protests started it's gone even further to shit. /r/ukpolitics has many of the same problems except it also contains a greater number of edgelords and baduk users, meaning there's slightly more balance but also way more flame wars. There really aren't many decent places to calmly discuss British politics on Reddit.
To an extent I agree, but Cleese doesn't define what the limits of acceptable discourse actually are here. What's the line between counterproductive, nasty vitriol against the people we don't like and legitimately justified protest and criticism? Are there any moral judgements it's acceptable to make about people who hold more objectively appalling views?
Why has that article even been posted in /r/nottheonion? It doesn’t fit the theme of the sub at all.
They enacted a similarly draconian lockdown in the city of Shulan after a cluster of barely 30 cases was found in Jilin province, where people weren't even allowed to leave the house except for two hours for essential provisions every second day. We think our lockdowns have been depressing, but China are absolutely not fucking around anymore.
Bad news, since AstraZeneca got hold of it it's been renamed to AZD1222, so that joke doesn't work anymore :(
Of all the vaccine news I wasn't expecting to read today, [it turns out Andy Wigmore of all people is one of the volunteers Oxford is testing their vaccine on.](https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/1295580/coronavirus-vaccine-uk-trials-test-andy-wigmore) He gives quite an encouraging update: &gt;After he showed some positive reactions he was kept on for further trials. &gt;Following a blood test on Tuesday last week, he said: “After the researchers last took a sample from me they were literally high fiving, they seemed really pleased which showed that they were making positive progress.
**m i l l i m e t e r**
This seems like very good news: https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-53061281 The official statement from the RECOVERY trial: https://www.recoverytrial.net/files/recovery_dexamethasone_statement_160620_final.pdf
Basically it's excellent news when it comes to treating the sickest patients - those who require oxygen treatment or ventilation - as the trial showed a clear drop in mortality for both these groups. The only slight let-down was: &gt; There was no benefit among those patients who did not require respiratory support (1.22 [0.86 to 1.75; p=0.14). So it doesn't seem to have much of an effect in the less sick, as a similar number in the control arm eventually died (although a much lower proportion than in the oxygen and ventilator control arms). Nevertheless, this clearly has the potential to save a huge number of lives.
The drug in question is dexamethasone, an extremely cheap steroid (around £5 for the amount used in the treatment cycle). Here's the statement from the RECOVERY trial: https://www.recoverytrial.net/files/recovery_dexamethasone_statement_160620_final.pdf &gt;Dexamethasone reduced deaths by one-third in ventilated patients (rate ratio 0.65 [95% confidence interval 0.48 to 0.88]; p=0.0003) and by one fifth in other patients receiving oxygen only (0.80 [0.67 to 0.96]; p=0.0021). There was no benefit among those patients who did not require respiratory support (1.22 [0.86 to 1.75; p=0.14). Based on these results, 1 death would be prevented by treatment of around 8 ventilated patients or around 25 patients requiring oxygen alone. Not a "magic bullet", but a hugely encouraging development that will save thousands of lives.
I've wondered this too. Given how he complains in virtually every article about how the nasty lefties all secretly hate the working classes, he doesn't seem to have a very high opinion of them himself.
Yes, you're correct, in terms of overall survival it's a very positive development.
It was indeed, although multiple other papers have found that it doesn't appear to have any clear benefit. The idea that it makes your condition *worse* is a myth, however.
I agree, they should definitely have done a better job presenting this data and getting the point across.
True, but Scotland and Northern Ireland have had a few zero-days already. England clearly makes up the large majority, if we're close to zero the other UK countries definitely will be.
Yeah, as much as I despise Brendan O'Neill the headline in that screenshot is fake.
Sarah Gilbert did a fascinating talk on the progress of the vaccine yesterday ([watch here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKNavonhXyk)). Long story short, the Phase I data on safety and immunogenicity will be released in about a month's time, but she doesn't have a set date on exactly when we'll know if it works or not. This is because of how the Phase II and III trials are constructed: they need a decent number of the participants to become infected in their day-to-day lives, so they can see how many of them are in the control group or the ChAdOx group - and then they'll have their answer on whether the ChAdOx vaccine has actually protected them. Of course, with lockdown having dramatically reduced the transmission rate in the UK, people are much less likely to encounter the virus right now, hence why they're setting up trials in Brazil (and some other countries she doesn't name in the video) to give the vaccine a better chance of proving itself.
Excellent as always. Another interesting statistic from the BBC's live feed: &gt;Of the 219 hospital trusts to have reported Covid-19 deaths during the pandemic, 96 have not had any since at least 5 June. It does seem that we're moving into a situation of largely local outbreaks (such as the relatively large number of cases reported in Leicester, where 25% of all their cases have appeared in the last two weeks, and the Yorkshire meat factory).
Apparently he hasn't seen his wife and son for five months as they've been living in India (his wife is the Indian tennis player Sania Mirza, for the unaware). That must absolutely suck, it's good that they'll be able to meet at last - Malik won't be in the test squad so it's not like his absence would have been an issue. As an aside, it's funny that they're having to head to England five weeks early because of the two-week quarantine for everyone entering the country, when there are [rumours](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2020/06/19/travel-news-foreign-holidays-restart-july-4/) it could be changed or eased fairly soon.
Ah I didn't realise Nazmul Islam and Nafees Iqbal had tested positive as well. Best wishes to all of them.
It's easy for me to be more cavalier about this, as I don't have children (yet!) but some of the reports I've read in the US press about young children who are becoming terrified when non-family members come near them and having nightmares about the virus have left me really upset. We have to be so careful that we're not raising children to be utterly terrified of the world around them and socially underdeveloped because of a virus that is less likely to kill them than a lightning strike.
&gt; 1) The 60% success rate involved monkeys being "challenged" with an extraordinarily high dose of the virus, not something that would be seen in the wild To elaborate on this, whilst some of the vaccinated monkeys did indeed have traces of active virus in their noses, *none* of them got pneumonia in their lungs and were in a considerably healthier state than the control group, even at the incredibly high dose they were exposed to (as in, literally shoved down their throats). If anyone wants an actual progress update on the vaccine instead of uninformed speculation by random Redditors, [listen to this talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKNavonhXyk) that Sarah Gilbert gave a few days ago on Oxford's YouTube channel. It's all fascinating, but in particular she uses the exact same argument when discussing the monkey results: the dose they received was *way* higher than humans would expect to encounter in their day-to-day lives, so the results of the human trials should be much more informative as to how useful the vaccine will be.
Not just Brazil and the US, but it's largely being driven by the Americas and South Asia. Bangladesh, Chile, India, Mexico, Pakistan and Peru have also reported huge numbers of cases in recent days, whilst pretty much all of Europe is doing fairly well at the moment. (Some notable exceptions to the chaos in the Americas are the Caribbean, although they've got a bit of an isolation advantage, and Uruguay, which has only reported 876 cases.)
They're testing this in the trial by giving a very small number of participants two doses of the vaccine (from memory I think they're given a few weeks apart) to see if there's a clear benefit to doing so.
This is great if true, but we need either a proper press release or more specific data - this is just a news article that probably shouldn't be posted here.
Interestingly, the UK government figure is only 15. Both use different methods for recording of course, but is this the first time the government figure has been below the NHS figure?
I don't think it's as necessary or central to the TV viewing experience of F1 as it is for other sports broadcasts, what the viewer hears is from a mixture of effects microphones around the track/on the cars so you often don't hear the crowd anyway, even at noisy races.
That seems to be the working theory at the moment ([this paper released a couple of weeks ago](https://academic.oup.com/jid/advance-article/doi/10.1093/infdis/jiaa334/5856149) argues that humidity doesn't have a noticeable effect, but sunlight does).
&gt;**Background** &gt;Tocilizumab, an interleukin-6 receptor antagonist (IL-6Ra), can treat cytokine release syndrome (CRS) with observed improvements in COVID-19 case series. &gt;**Research Question** &gt;Can tocilizumab benefit hospitalized COVID-19 patients? &gt;**Study Design and Methods:** &gt;An observational study of consecutive COVID-19 patients hospitalized from 03.10-31.20 and followed through 04.21.20 was conducted by chart review. Patients were treated with tocilizumab using an algorithm that targeted CRS. Survival and mechanical ventilation (MV) outcomes were reported for 14 days and stratified by disease severity designated at admission (severe, ≥3L supplemental oxygen to maintain oxygen saturation &gt;93%). For tocilizumab-treated patients, a pre/post analyses of clinical response, biomarkers and safety outcomes was assessed. Post-hoc survival analyses were conducted for race/ethnicity. &gt;**Results** &gt;Among 239 patients, median age was 64 years; 36% and 19% were Black and Hispanic, respectively. Hospital census increased exponentially, yet MV census did not. Severe disease was associated with lower survival (78% vs 93%; p&lt;0.001), greater proportion requiring MV (44% vs 5%; p&lt;0.001) and longer median MV days (5.5 vs 1.0; p=0.003). Tocilizumab-treated patients (N=153, 64%) involved 90% of severe patients; 44% of non-severe patients received it for evolving CRS. Tocilizumab-treated patients with severe disease had higher admission hsCRP levels (120 vs 71mg/L; p&lt;0.001), received tocilizumab sooner (2 vs 3 days; p&lt;0.001), but survival was similar to non-severe patients (83% vs 91%; p=0.11). For tocilizumab-treated patients requiring MV, survival was 75% (95%CI=64%-89%). After tocilizumab, few adverse events occurred, oxygenation and inflammatory biomarkers (e.g., hsCRP, IL-6) improved; however, D-dimer and sIL2R levels increased significantly. Survival in Blacks and Hispanics, after controlling for age, was significantly higher than in whites (log-rank p=0.002). &gt;**Interpretation** &gt;A treatment algorithm that included tocilizumab to target CRS may influence mechanical ventilation and survival outcomes. In tocilizumab-treated patients, oxygenation and inflammatory biomarkers improve with higher than expected survival. Randomized trials must confirm these findings.
Mohammad Rizwan was the only member of the test squad to test positive (Sarfraz will likely replace him), so preparations for that are probably fine for now - given that Shoaib Malik already has dispensation to join the tour late I'd assume the other players can fly over and join the bubble once they've recovered and finish isolating. Pakistan also have four official reserves - Bilal Asif, Imran Butt, Musa Khan and Mohammad Nawaz - who have all been called up for testing, so I expect they'll be sent as replacements if they all test negative.
Beat me to it. In addition, South Korea declared their "second wave" after a day in which they recorded just 17 new cases and have largely fluctuated between 30-50 for the last month (a fair chunk of them coming from airport screenings) so there's no indication they're truly struggling to cope. [In Germany, the 4-day R value has already fallen back to 2.02 (from the widely reported 2.88 a couple of days ago after those local outbreaks) and the more stable 7-day value to 1.67.](https://www.rki.de/DE/Content/InfAZ/N/Neuartiges_Coronavirus/Situationsberichte/2020-06-23-en.pdf?__blob=publicationFile)
The country with the numbers I find most impossible to believe is Qatar: 89,579 cases, just 99 deaths. That just seems completely unrealistic looking at what countries with similar case numbers have seen (although to be fair, a significant proportion of their cases come from outbreaks in their migrant labour camps, which I imagine skew younger).
Since Star are the ICC's main broadcast partner I'd imagine they have currently have first dibs on all the old World Cup games they want.
A couple of interesting statistical observations. Firstly, the 4-day value for Germany's R rate - reported at 2.88 a few days ago after various local outbreaks - [has now fallen to 0.72](https://www.rki.de/DE/Content/InfAZ/N/Neuartiges_Coronavirus/Situationsberichte/2020-06-24-en.pdf?__blob=publicationFile). Secondly, and more relevantly to us, the model that a couple of weeks ago predicted R to be slightly above 1 in the North West and South West [now has every region of England comfortably below 1](https://www.mrc-bsu.cam.ac.uk/now-casting/) (with the possible exception of the South West at 0.94, who are likely to have a more volatile number because of their relatively low number of cases). Of course there will continue to be local outbreaks in every country that doesn't simply lock everyone under the stairs for six months. However, other countries (including Germany) have shown it's possible to stamp on local outbreaks without cases taking off in the wider community again, and I'm cautiously hopeful that we can successfully live with the virus in the short term whilst still relaxing certain restrictions (behaving responsibly and sensibly, of course, and hoping that the government doesn't do too much too soon).
Good stuff lads. I'm becoming cautiously but increasingly optimistic we can have a decent international summer after all.
I believe AstraZeneca are also going to run a fairly large trial in the US (30k participants), but I can't find much information on it at the moment.
I can't be dealing with the Matt slander in this thread, even as someone with considerable contempt for The Telegraph overall. His cartoons have never been edgy and the humour is always gentle, but they still raise a smile from me.
The six negatives are Hafeez, Wahab Riaz, Fakhar Zaman, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Hasnain and Mohammad Rizwan. The rest of the squad were also all negative again after retesting. Kashif Bhatti, Haider Ali, Haris Rauf and Imran Khan tested positive again. As it's been a few days, the six who are now testing negative may simply have been close to clearing their infection, or false positives were involved. Apparently the ten initial positive players [will catch a later commercial flight to England once they've tested negative twice.](https://www.espncricinfo.com/story/_/id/29370255/pakistan-prepare-fly-england-10-covid-positive-players)
I'm particularly intrigued that it's looking that the protests had relatively little impact on the spread of the virus (for instance, Minnesota - where it all started - is doing relatively well). It looks more like the states suffering the most (Arizona, Florida, Texas etc.) were the ones that just flung everything open without any restrictions at all, and *way* too early to boot. NYC, on the other hand, has continued to relax restrictions without any resurgence at all, although it was of course one of the hardest-hit cities in the world so may have a low level of herd immunity helping them, whilst these other states have managed to avoid their big surge until now.
For real. I'm constantly depressed at the mental backflips people here go through trying to explain away anything suggesting that anti-black or anti-Asian racism is a problem that requires any level of proactive effort to address whatsoever, and that the idea of systemic prejudice and bias is dreamed up by "woke BLM lefty snowflakes", whilst vehemently insisting that the most oppressed group in this country is in fact white people. And yes, before anyone starts, I do believe white people can face racism and discrimination (spoiler, am white myself), and that white working-class people often find themselves in desperately difficult economic situations that we've got to help fix. But people here seem to view anyone discussing racism directed at anyone who isn't white as some kind of personal attack.
&gt;Transmission risk of SARS-CoV-2 in schools is unknown. Our investigations especially in pre-schools could not detect SARS-CoV-2 transmission despite screening of symptomatic and asymptomatic children. The data suggests that children are not the primary drivers of SARS-CoV-2 transmission in schools and could help inform exit strategies for lifting of lockdowns.
There was a fascinating comment from Lonsdale Skinner (former Surrey player and chairman of the African Caribbean Cricketers’ Association) in an interview with *The Telegraph* today. He pointed out that the enthusiastic and noisy contingent of West Indies supporters who came to cricket in their thousands in the 70s and 80s were viewed by one chief executive as nothing short of an unruly mob, so he banned them from bringing in instruments - and sure enough they gradually stopped coming. Yet nowadays the Barmy Army are praised to high heaven and back for the raucous presence they bring to crowds, and actively encouraged and supported by the ECB. How are black communities meant to feel welcome at cricket when shit like this happens?
Getting an antibody test in the UK (a proper one via the NHS, not the dodgy kits being sold on Amazon) is extremely difficult, at the moment only NHS staff and volunteers are eligible for one. The government is trying to get hold of at-home kits the public can use, but none of the ones they've assessed have been deemed reliable enough yet (one being sold in Superdrug had sales suspended last month for this reason).
I'm quite surprised it's the only one. I'd have thought Donington would have been Grade 1 given it hosted MotoGP for so long (and a decade ago it looked like it was going to host F1 long-term).
Exactly, there's an underlying assumption that "the best people for the job" just so happen to be entirely white every single time, but broadening the pool of people you're hiring from is the *real* discrimination of course.
I'm a copywriter for a digital marketing company - can confirm I didn't have any formal copywriting experience when I was hired, but I was a decent enough writer and was able to pick up most of the skills I needed as I went along.
1v1 me rust m9, ill rek u boris
Very good news and a sign of the progress we've made.
Roach is only about 5ft 8 anyway, so it's not that difficult.
It does genuinely seem that the virus has pretty much vanished from Wuhan. However, we must remember how insanely strict Wuhan's lockdown was in the first place: I don't think any Western country has the appetite for trying something similar, given how miserable and sick of things people are already. I also seriously doubt most major cities could test such huge quantities of people at such short notice.
/r/COVID19 is literally the only good covid sub out there, as it focuses on the actual science and data being released. /r/coronavirus is full of people who think they'll drop dead if they step outside (plus the headlines are all insanely editorialised to the most fear-mongering extent possible), and /r/lockdownskepticism is full of people who think wearing masks is space communism and it's all a hoax by the Democrats to make Trump look bad.
Depends which threads you mean, I guess, I haven't looked at it for a while. There was definitely lots of anti-mask and politically partisan sentiment last time I had a lurk but YMMV.
Most scientists seem to think there is *some* level of T-cell immunity lurking out there: the main disagreement is on the scale.
