Good for them. The announcers were talking about how important it is for a coach to get double digit wins, but fuck that. It's completely irrational to worsen your pick after you're mathematically eliminated for the playoffs.
Curry doesn't even have that high of a FG% because of volume threes so no.
No, if he wasn't on a team with Lebron and instead had like a Steven Adams role he'd be fine.
This is hilarious tho
Individual DRtg is not a good metric to judge defense but I agree he's been much improved. He's just inconsistent like a lot of young defenders, and since people don't really watch the Twolves they just see lowlights.
Yeah DRtg is iffy at best to use, but to be fair with a wing you can do what people did to Kawhi, just leave him on the perimeter and play 4 on 4. You can't really do that consistently with a center unless your 5 is a good shooter and everyone else is a good rebounder.
I feel a little bad for arguing Klay and Butler were better in 2015-2016. At the time I failed to understand just how good of a playmaker Harden was and thought the defense made up for it.
20/11.5/2 on 63% TS% &gt; 25/4.5/4 on 57% TS%.
Does that matter? It might be a good point if Booker was even a little close in terms of efficiency, but KAT is the most efficient volume scoring big in the NBA and Booker is not close at all. He's a better scorer.
I mean yes? If you're one of the best players in the NBA and you're too scared to take shots when it matters then that's bad. He averaged 3 points in the 4th quarter.
But Curry won a ring by himself and was a unanimous MVP. He's the best player on the team either way.
It is for a GOAT. Lebron played scared that series, no one needs a superstar who shrinks in crunch time.
It's just a popular spelling though, imo there's no real reason to romanize it like "wo" because it's pronounced "o".
Really gave me those 2015-2016 flashbacks. It's just like when MJ or Kobe is hot and you expect the ball to go in.
And giving up the greatest outside scorer ever...
Wow the victim complex is strong in here. There's no way Tom Brady won't win, y'all can chill out. This is just a meaningless poll.
I can deal with every announcer team but the Cavs' and Celtics' teams. I can't stand the verbal fellatio that comes with every single one of Lebron's mildly impressive baskets. No other team is so ignorant about basketball and blatantly homer.
Fultz, Brown, Porter, Simmons, Embiid.
Lebron and Larry Bird are some of the most overrated passers of all time on this sub. Don't get me wrong, they're great for forwards and still all-time great, but they aren't even close to the GOAT passing PGs. Magic, Stockton, Nash, Kidd, are all point guards for a reason. Lebron and Bird would have been PGs if they could run the point at all times, just like Magic was. It blows my mind when people try to argue that Lebron, someone who has 3 seasons above 8 apg in his entire game is a better passer than CP3 who averages 10 a game over his entire career. He's more in the Wall, Draymond, Simmons, level than CP3, Harden, etc.
You're crazy. Easily one of the least knowledgeable set of announcers in the NBA. They're frequently wrong and provide little to no insight about anything. Not to mention how unprofessional they are. They're closer to a daytime radio show than NBA announcers.
The NFLPA needs to stop being awful at their job and make the NFL provide retirement and financial advising to employees. Putting it in the bank is better than nothing, but these guys should be set up with a fund from day 1. A $500k bonus in a mutual fund today is $1 mil in ~8 years and $10-20 million in ~40 years.
Here is my really bad translation: &gt;H: Kotatsu make people unnecessary. &gt;Y: What's wrong all of a sudden? &gt;H: Ah, nevermind. &gt;Y: You must have something to say, huh?
I thought it meant that they were warm so it made cuddling/being close for warmth unnecessary or something but my Japanese isn't good enough to really understand.
Is this guy hurt and playing? Or is this just precautionary? Will he ever be healthy if not?
Do you guys have to find a way to insert Tom Brady and the Patriots into every single thread? Tom Brady doesn't do improvisation. His thing is to finish the play quickly.
Lol he should be content with the career defining shot and the ring, Lebron was clearly the MVP.
BB and Rodgers would 5-peat
Harden doesn't even have the highest net rating on the Rockets. Curry has the highest net rating in the NBA.
So much wrong in such a small comment. When Curry took over completely in 2012 he turned our 23 win team (IE completely fucking trash) into a 47 win team. His best teammates were rookie Harrison Barnes, 22 year old Klay, and declining David Lee. Harden has played 82 games once in his entire career. Curry played 80 games in 2014-2015 and only sat for insurance because we had a big lead for the #1 seed.
Harden is playing 3 and a half minutes lol, that's not that big of a difference. I wonder why KD has nowhere near the net rating of Curry even though he also played with 3 all-stars.
Bruh he's only human, he can't meet with everyone lol. He does quite a bit when he doesn't need to at all.
Kuzma has better stats in literally every category but efficiency, and that's only because the difference in volume scoring and three point shooting. Kuzma makes much more of his own offense. So yeah Tatum is a better three point shooter as of now (though his % will likely go down), but Kuzma is better everywhere else even it's harder because he's on a bad team.
That's just a sample size thing. If you went one round further he has an amazing passer rating. The highest of all four rounds, actually. It's provably untrue lol. It's a random distribution of defenses just like a random distribution of offenses.
Not true. This game and when else?
Until it mattered and he missed an easy throw on the final drive and took a game losing sack
One of the worst takes I've ever read. He deserves zero credit when he's good but when other parts of his team do badly that's his fault? Lmao. You should delete this.
There's no way Stockton has a better resume. The guy was never at any point in time a top 5 player. CP3 was arguably for the better part of a decade. If CP3 had a ring then he'd easily be better, the only thing Stockton has is longevity.
Peak &gt;&gt;&gt; longevity. It amazes me how overrated Stockton is on here. Guy was arguably never even the best PG in the NBA when he played, nor was he ever a top 5 player. It's kind of crazy to call him a top 5 point guards when there are other guys with rings and MVPs.
That was just a general statement. Kidd and Nash are better too. CP3 has certainly been a top 5 player for a decent chunk of his career. The highest Stockton ever finished in MVP votes is 7th. Chris Paul has 6 seasons at 6th or higher.
He's a lot more like Curry. Curry is a fantastic passer, he just also happens to be one of the best offball players of all time so he doesn't hold the ball as much as he used to. He put up elite assist numbers when he got to play like Harden in a ball dominant offense even with Mark Jackson's shitty offense.
No response so you resort to attacking my flair, nice. Doesn't change the fact that he choked.
Lebron could/would never play football in the NFL.
That's just because Mark Jackson doesn't know how to make an offense. If Curry was on a D'Antoni offense he'd have stats like that too. Harden has one full year of that production. Also, Young has a 14 game sample size. His assists will likely go down.
He's never played in an offense that maximized his playmaking ability. For his first few years he shared with Ellis, then he played in a dysfunctional offense under Mark Jackson, and now plays offball too much to get that many counting stats. Your argument makes no sense. Harden has zero 40% AST% without D'Antoni, so by your logic if we had this argument 2 years ago there's no way he could have gotten to above 40%. It's not my fault if you have no idea how basketball actually works and you just look at raw stats.
Well you know when you win 6 Finals and 6 Finals MVPs in a row....
And the Cavs have a better net rating when Lebron sits. That means he's trash right? When will this sub learn that individual DRtg means close to nothing?
I love how the general consensus has been that officiating has been awful and something needs to change. Then Draymond calls it out and everyone's like "Nah, fuck you Draymond the refs are fine."
I was able to enjoy that show fine until someone pointed out the piano to me. Then it ruined the OST completely for me.
Cavs' team is the worst. They may not be as homer as the Celtics' team, but at least the Celtics team is for the most part professional and actually knows their shit about basketball. The Cavs team sounds like a shitty daytime radio show that tries too hard whenever a nice play happens. The "king" shit is also extremely cringy for a grown man to be saying, especially as a broadcaster on TV.
Third option as in scoring or just third best player? If scoring, then: Ben Simmons Klay Thompson RoCo Otto Porter Al Horford Great defense, great spacing, great length, good mix of playmaking and catch and shoot players. This team could be in contention to win the 1 seed imo (assuming it had a good enough bench). Edit: I mean 1 seed, not win the ECF
Morey would be so proud
Just go to any Lebron highlight or post game thread after a good game.
I don't know why you assume I hate Lebron because of my flair. I disliked Cavs' announcers before Lebron even came back and I was completely fine with the Heat's broadcasters when he was in Miami. I just really don't like your announcers and avoid listening to them whenever possible.
Don't try to reason with Celtics fans lmao.
Being down 32 points is worse and harder to come back from than 25 points. So nah.
Not sure what he was thinking here. Easy Flagrant 2.
Batting average is still much better than FG%. BA and OBP don't measure the same thing.
It's hilarious because this is such a bad shot and he made it. But the dude took an *even worse* shot for a game winner in OT against the #3 seed. Like who does that?
Props to Demar but man what a gross game winner. Rip your arms through a defender just to get the foul, take one step and *still* get continuation? No way in hell that's continuation, dude literally puts his arms back down and then re-attempts the shot.
First of all, that's not even true. Second of all, yeah when you compare 7th year Tom Brady to first year of starting Aaron Rodgers they look a little closer. If you compare 2009 (when they both started simultaneously playing in the NFL) up to now, Rodgers is significantly ahead in terms of numbers.
Because you're delusional.
Still probably a top 5 most disrespectful moment of all time. When people remember that series they remember Lue getting stepped over.
If the NBA was 1 on 1 I'd take KD. If you need 1 bucket you take KD over everyone. If you want to win a Championship you take Curry.
I mean he low key is part of the reason we lost the 2016 Finals. Instead of putting the ball in Curry's hands so they couldn't foul him constantly off ball he played him almost entirely like a 2 guard. Which is stupid as fuck. That's why last Finals Curry played almost entirely with the ball in his hand like a traditional PG. He clearly learned from the mistake.
I know this is a joke, but you basically replaced your PG with an equal level point guard and got a great pick out of it. The Cavs clearly won it imo.
Well that's just bullshit, some people predicted it would be OP from the moment it was announced.
Yeah, blew my mind when people were trying to argue KP is a better scorer than KAT earlier this season. If you just watch the two play he's clearly nowhere near as polished. Still a great player, just has been in a bit of a slump lately.
The rebounding is the real killer. Sure he plays PF and not C, but &lt;7 rebounds a game for a 7 footer is absurdly low.
So gross
It's between Baron Davis dunking on AK47, winning the first championship in my lifetime in 2015, and the Curry OT game winner against OKC. First of all, the Baron Davis dunk is the GOAT dunk, @ me and I'll fight you. There was a very real feeling after we lost that series that that was pretty much as good as it ever would get as a Warriors fan. That's also what made 2015 so special when we actually won something after every Oakland/Bay Area team being mediocre to garbage for almost all of my life. That said, the Curry game winner was fucking ridiculous. The height of Steph Curry breaking the NBA. Definitely the craziest thing I've seen live.
I feel like Kamiya Hiroshi is too smart sounding for Iori, no?
Let's be real here the gameplay development team and especially the design team has probably nothing to do with licensed books that are technically canon but not part of the game's direct, interactive storyline. Unless they're WoW nerds they probably don't read them at all.
Good god.
30 assists
That's because they add the best player in the world. That doesn't mean he makes his teammates better. KD can go to whatever team he wants and make that team better, but he doesn't make his teammates suddenly better.
And then the Cavs added Wade and DRose played for a bit so it evens out.
I mean it already kinda stopped working. Everyone said their defense would turn it up a notch in the playoffs but it was still trash. Lebron is just a destroyer of worlds on offense and the East couldn't keep up.
No it's literally meaningless. If Curry shot only threes for an entire season at a 42% clip he'd be a very efficient scorer, but his FG% would be 42%. That doesn't make DeAndre Jordan averaging a 56% FG% on only 2s the more efficient player. Last year Westbook averaged 7.2 3pt FGA a game, far more than Lebron has ever attempted over a season in his career.
There isn't even a little bit of an argument for him being above any of Lebron, Giannis, Harden, Curry, or KD. He is not a top 5 candidate. He's not even above Horford imo. The Celtics were the 1 seed last year with a different point guard and with a rookie Brown and no Tatum or Hayward, I fail to see how swapping point guards to someone that Celtics claim is better should drop them from 1 seed contention especially with Horford and Brown improved. The Celtics offense is worse with Kyrie on the floor this year than with IT on it last year, and Kyrie is clearly the worst defender of any of the Celtics most important players, so we know the leap on defense isn't really his fault. He's better than IT, but still no world stopper by any means. Ultimately, Kyrie's only argument is that his team is winning, but he doesn't even have a better record than two of the other candidates and doesn't contribute to his team's winning at a rate even close to that of the other candidates.
&gt; 1 Shot - Every titan face &gt; 2 Shots - You actually start laughing These two alone will give you alcohol poisoning.
I'm pretty sure Senku even says that his Dad bought him a bunch of stuff so that he could practice science. It's always been about Senku imo...
2-1 tho
In a comfortable 6 games despite it being our first Finals appearance. Lebron could barely squeak out a 4 point win in game 7 when half of our starters were injured and he had to cry to the NBA to suspend Draymond lol.
There was literal riots dude, that's not just people who disagree with it for the reasons you mentioned. Those types of people don't riot. It was racists.
That's irrelevant to this game. Sick burn though man.
What is lemonade in this case? Being a fake 1 seed? Stevens hasn't made shit until he's won a ring. Kerr was given a 50 win team and turned it into the winning-est team of all time.
We can't play small ball all game, it's not his fault his starting center went down to injury. He had to play someone. I misunderstood what you were saying but regardless he gets the best out of whoever he has. McGee is a better example, he was generally considered terrible yet got minutes in the Finals.
Some combination of people blaming everyone but Lebron, complaining that they won't watch the Finals because it won't be competitive, and Lebron haters circlejerking.
Geez is 24/6/9 with only 1 turnover on 62% TS% not a great game?
LOL. The AFC has been the weaker conference for all of Brady's career, FOH. The only competition Manning and Brady have ever had are each other and the Steelers/Ravens some years. It's much harder to get to the Super Bowl when you play contenders in every round as opposed to getting two byes.
I felt so bad watching that happen. Not even a Saints fan, obviously, but a huge wave of anxiety hit me after seeing it because it reminded me of how of how gut wrenching the 2014 NFCCG was. After a few months it gets better...
[Here](http://www.nba.com/official/instant-replay-guidelines.html) &gt;Since the 2009-10 season, referees have reviewed any out-of-bounds play that occurs in the last two minutes of the fourth quarter and during overtime when they are not reasonably certain as to which player caused the ball to go out-of-bounds. &gt;Referees can only initiate a review on a called out-of-bounds play (for example, not one where an out-of-bounds might have occurred) and only those involving doubt as to which player caused the ball to go out (not those, for example, where a player stepped on the line). It's worded confusingly, but basically they're reviewing to see when the ball went out of bounds, and when it says "not those, for example, where a player stepped on the line" that's only meaning they can't *initiate* a review to see if someone stepped on the line. If the review was initiated for another reason they're just looking for when the ball first went out of bounds, in this case it was "out of bounds" as soon as Demar touched it while on the line.
I'm not an expert but that seems like a generally decent response to your partner getting uncomfortable. "Okay let's just chill and watch TV."
Seeing as how Lebron crying got one of our players suspended in the Finals I wish he had.
That's because DRPM and DBMP are bad and almost exclusively used by people who don't understand how to actually rate NBA defense.
Draymond on those early 2000s Pistons teams. I just want to imagine that front court...
Brady sits out, Hoyer throws 4 TDs, Pats win, Hoyer replaces Brady and extends Pats dynasty for the next 10 years.
The Rockets truly taking Cris Carter's teachings to heart. They just playing the wrong sport.
He won't be the GOAT. That could put him in the conversation of GOAT PG or one of the best offensive players of all time, but MJ/Wilt/Kareem were just better.
This is so exaggerated. Magic had 5 rings, 3 FMVPs, 3 MVPs. If Curry had the stats OP listed, 5 rings, 2-3 FMVPs, and 3-4 MVPs in addition to being the GOAT shooter, leading a 73 win team, having a unanimous MVP, etc how would he not have at least an argument to be above Magic? Obviously that's unlikely, but you're tripping if you think Curry has "literally no chance".
Or he'll start his career 10-0 and will go down like Brady.
Yes. The Patriots outside of Tom Brady are still great. There's a reason that since Tom Brady became the starter that the Patriots still have a .700 win% without him: BB is the GOAT coach.
No, the vast majority of people on here are reactionary as fuck and terrible at constructing strong arguments. Everyone's opinion is so extremely exaggerated on here, as if you can't just have a reasonable opinion somewhere in between the extremes. Okafor isn't just bad, he has to be the worst player in the NBA. Lebron isn't just an all-time great, he has to be the GOAT and better than Jordan. Kyrie's handles aren't just amazing, they have to be best ever. KD hasn't just developed into a great defender, he has to be the DPOY.
You're exactly my point then, because they're all very extreme.
That's just untrue, after Kobe won his ship by himself it was pretty popular to have Kobe over Lebron. Lebron unanimously on top didn't start till late 2010.
RPM is the QBR of the NBA.
Thibs really needs to chill with KAT. Dude is healthy af for a 7 footer and he needs to keep him that way.
The only thing I can be proud of is that Rodgers and Crosby were clutch af at the end even if we didn't get the W.
Leonard Floyd almost won ROY! And Apply is pretty talented. What a stacked top 10.
Such a wholesome, goofy dude. I love it.
Are you talking about Towns? The guy shooting 42% from three?
I remember /r/nba had a collective spooge of hate when that happened even though Curry was having fun with it lmao. So glad he's not the type to get butthurt and insecure about it.
Stockton is ridiculously overrated. No one considered Stockton better than IT when they played together.
Probably 2. And CP3 is way too low, he should be top 5 imo. There's zero chance Stockton is higher than Curry. Peak &gt; longevity, and Curry's peak &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Stockton's peak. One guy has two rings, 2 MVPs, including one unanimous, the other guy has zero rings and never even finished top 5 in MVP voting.
Lerbon's stamina is clearly declining as he gets older, it's just life. As much as people like to believe he's still in his prime it's just unreasonable to expect that.
Because you're wrong. Flashy =/= better. Steph has finished in the RA far better every year of their careers.
That's kind of a bad analogy. It's more like, if you have straight A's all through your first few years and then fail one test are you still the best student?
Exactly! Thank you. Like you can just tell how important Curry is. The whole team looks different when he's on the floor.
The guy is averaging 28/10/5 on 61.4% TS%. He's the only reason they're even sniffing the 6 seed.
He had a negative +/- on the winning team. This isn't the game to push that narrative lol.
It must hurt knowing that if you were born just a few miles elsewhere in Ohio you could have been a fan of a football team worth rooting for. Tough break for Bengals fans.
Let's be real here we all knew if there was any chance of encouraging the most popular team in the NFL to move on past one of the least popular teams in the NFL they'd take it.
Why not? They played in a garbage east and had a great defense. Kobe carried some trash ass teams in a harder conference, you're delusional if you don't think he could win 50 games especially considering he was better than 2007 Lebron was.
He can't finish for shit.
Only a shooter as far as scoring goes.
So literally a third of the league is outside of competition besides miracles. Did you miss the whole "75% in the top 8" thing?
He pretty much did. He basically said his job was easy. You salty.
Lol dude. Talking shit to the other team is nothing even close to congratulating yourself in the third person before you even do the achievement.
I feel like people overlook the fact that your best player doesn't necessarily have to be the best scorer or the best playmaker on the team. Klay might need to have a traditional PG next to him (or at least just one that playmakes), but he could totally be a team's leading scorer. Dray might not be able to be a team's leading scorer ever, but if he's your best player you still have one of the most versatile DPOYs ever, someone who can at least shoot threes at the 4, and can run the point.
He's missed a large proportion of the season so far. If he plays like this for the rest of the season it won't be as big of a deal.
Letting Curry get to the rim at will and need less separation because of height is never a good idea.
Just the chicken. The combo that comes with sides and biscuits and stuff is like $18
C'mon that's not true. They might fit together better playstyle wise but as far as talent goes the all-star team is much better.
That's hella funny. KD is too real.
KD reading this rn and chuckling to himself.
We actually don't know what happened, he says he only mooned a teammate. Judging from some leaked messages and other testimony about her character, that trainer is legit crazy so I'm inclined to believe Peyton over her.
I watch Westbrook a lot actually. The only people who think Westbrook is better are people who don't understand basketball tbh. Curry provides better shots for his teammates and is a better defender. Plus a much, much, much better scorer.
What the heck are you talking about? Plenty of point guards are great all around players. We're literally in the golden era for point guards. As far as just scoring goes Dame and Westbrook are at least on the same level and Harden and Curry are undeniably better. Flashy =/= better.
The difference in playmaking between Kyrie and Wall is bigger than the difference in scoring. And Wall is a much much better defender, he just coasts in the regular season. He can play borderline elite PG defense.
Nah, one or two series don't mean anything. Kyrie gets lit up by everyone. Kyrie is not an underrated passer at all, it's incredibly hard to be a starting point guard playing 30+ minutes a game and still average &lt;5 assists a game. Kyrie is barely at 5.0 apg because he doesn't have good vision and doesn't go out of his way to pass.
Other starters and bench players having 1-2 assists a game isn't "balanced" that's just natural. Marcus Smart doesn't even start at point guard yet he has basically just as many as Kyrie a game. Even on teams like the Wiz John Wall has 10 apg and the other players besides Beal (who averages 4) have 1-2. That's not unique to the Celtics, and it's not something that can only happen when you don't have a good main playmaker.
Easily a Finals contender. Curry would average like 35/8 depending on how much Draymond played.
Wall has been injured. He put up 23 ppg on 54% TS% last year which is pretty good for a volume scorer. To say he's an "awful scorer" is ridiculous. Kyrie runs a better offense? Lol, dude. The guy could never lead a decent offense in his time in Cleveland and isn't even the primary distributor on his team right now.
Why does this matter? He's the one getting double teamed, no one else is. He's having the best season right now, it's not like Lebron didn't get MVPs in Miami.
"Clearly"? Not to mention the lane violation to end all lane violations and the fact that it went out of bounds for GS anyway...
Sorry I don't bookmark every person that claims stupid shit. I'm sure it's a minority but I've easily seen a dozen comments with upvotes saying that in various threads over the course of the season.
People don't want to let a 6'3 point guard be the best player in the NBA, but honestly when he's playing like his 2016 MVP self he just is. I don't get why people are caught up on the defense thing. Magic was by no means a great defender yet is top 5 all-time. Curry is one of the best offensive players to play the game, that more than makes up for not being 6'8+.
Steph is pretty clearly better than Westbrook for anyone unbiased. Westbrook is averaging 25 points on 52% TS%. Curry is averaging 28 on **68%**. Ridiculous gap in efficiency.
Is 27/8/9 in the Finals not good enough? He has the 8th highest ppg in the playoffs ever.
Lol, no.
Nah. 2016 Curry is a top 5 offensive season ever, 33 year old Lebron with shit defense is not better than that.
My point is that one series worth of stats doesn't make or break the best player, it was pretty clear that all three were of the same caliber regardless of who had the best stats.
I don't mean to circlejerk about it but it's legit crazy how often I hear how undeserving and overrated Dray and Klay are but also that the league is ruined because KD joined *and* that Curry and KD are only that good because they play with 3 other all-stars.
Like 80% of the people playing at a rec league or at a sports bar have Lavar Ball level hot takes, among anyone who knows shit about basketball it's pretty much a consensus.
If you take 30 shots and get 30 points you're not as good as someone who takes 15 shots and gets 30 points. This is basic stuff, Westbrook is nowhere near as efficient as either of them.
JR is a dirty piece of shit.
Lol you guys got a weak foul with 10 seconds left and a chance to go up 1. How were we "given the game"? Not to mention the Cavs started the game getting a ton of calls.
That was a correct call per the rules, not sure what you mean. Even if you got the timeout that doesn't mean you win. And that was after they gave you the chance to win with FTs. In the best case scenario the guy closest to Lebron is watching him, but that ref had eyes on the ball carrier.
If Russ wasn't suspended then Kevin Love won't be suspended. The only time they do that is when the NBA wants to rig a series (sorry Suns fans).
They're likely gonna win 4+ rings when it's all said and done. They're both top 20 already tbh. Zero chance they aren't considered top 20 by the time they retire.
Honestly one of the stupidest things I've ever read. Curry already won without KD. This is like me saying "Lebron will struggle to make top 20 conversations after teaming up with DWade and Bosh".
Lol nah. If you gonna claim injuries fucked him in 2015 then he definitely wouldn't win in 2016 if we were healthy. You Lebron stans can't have it both ways.
&gt;Lets not even go back to the rockets series with the most obvious moving screen I have ever seen committed. Lol you mean the one the NBA declared was legal and should have been a foul on Harden? All you need to know about /r/nba, people like you have no idea how the rules actually work.
There isn't really anything that can spoil your experience. That said, if you do want to go in totally blind then yeah like most shows you should probably avoid any talk about it.
No, Jerry West only won because they voted before game 7.
I don't think it's that bad. KD isn't a great rebounder for how tall he is and that is valid criticism, but he was at least in front of JR. The ball happened to bounce long and JR even had to reach bad to grab it.
If you assume our "starters" (our best lineup at least) are the big 4 + Iggy, if Iggy is out and we trade 2 players for 1 then the Warriors only have 3/5 people in our best lineup.
That doesn't make TS% bad, it just means you have to not be dumb and instead actually compare players relative to the average of their era, not head to head.
That's because Curry is a better player than KD. It's not a knock on KD, it's close but Curry is just that good.
I mean to be fair he's stopped since then.
Personally I would only count ours as a dynasty if we won 3+. I feel like there's a difference between a couple of years of really good contending and being a dynasty. When you say dynasty doesn't your mind really go to like the Lakers, Celtics, or Spurs dynasties?
&gt; He played better than Durant in 2016 and 2017. I mean he definitely did not. Like I said, you're insane if you think 21/7/2 is better than 28/8/5. Those numbers aren't even on the same planet. Kawhi has never been better than KD, saying so is revisionist history and/or idiocy.
How is this gloating? Chill with the salt, that much can't be good for your health.
I find it funny that Westbrook gets criticized for stat padding rebounds or something but literally 80% of Lebron's rebounds are uncontested and people make a big fuss about great his numbers are.
Only because Bosh and Wade played &lt;30 games with each other.
Nash won 2 MVPs in direct competition with prime AI, Shaq, Kobe, and Duncan lol. Kyrie hasn't even sniffed MVP. FOH
That's definitely the easiest way to spot someone who hasn't been watching basketball for longer than three years. Kyrie has 3 great games in the Finals and suddenly he's better than a top 10 PG all time and back to back MVP winner...
Nah a healthy Curry cleans that up. It might take 6 or 7 instead of 5 though.
Lol as the second option to a top 5 player all time. If Nash played beside Lebron I'm sure he'd have inflated stats too. Not to mention 6 more assists is definitely worth 7 more points on worse efficiency.
Lebron has never carried scrubs to the Finals, he's always had competitive talent on his team. His teams just have been worse than Western Finals teams because the East is terrible through and through.
Nah it's statistically some of the worst in the US. Unless you regularly drive in LA or NY then you don't know the true pain of Bay Area traffic.
Paul Pierce isn't mentally strong enough to not shit his pants on court.
To be fair that's not in the US.
Well you can't fault me for trying. It's okay though, I know basketball is hard to understand for people like you.
Bruh you posted this before the video is even done processing lol
I disagree, I have my TTS reader set on "very sassy".
Bum
Because voting for Iggy gave a nod to Lebron. Plus they were split and decided to vote for Iggy to make sure the winning team got it. You are delusional if you think anyone else was more important. The Cavs literally focused everything on stopping Curry and still couldn't.
It's like saying Giannis is better than Lebron. Giannis is a great player, but he's just not better than Lebron and it's not even that close.
NBA highlights are definitely not in 60 fps lol.
I doubt anything could be worse than 2011. Imagine if the Lebron stans on here had actually watched that series. Imagine if /r/nba was as popular back then as it is now.
No, he was never a top 5 player and if anything is overrated by people who only look at stats. He played with a top 5 PF his entire career and couldn't take over games when it really mattered and that's why he couldn't win championships.
Definitely true. How far down the list of all time greats do you have to go until you find someone shorter than 6'6? 15ish? Big O or Jerry West or something? And neither of them are modern players. Curry is one of the shortest players to ever dominate like this.
No because this place loves Lebron.
It's fundamentally different, so you can't really compare. Shaq had a lot of gravity inside the paint, but there's only so much space inside the arc. A lot of times defenders are picking up Curry from half court, so there's just so much more space that Curry creates just because of where his game creates the gravity.
Why are you trying to argue about something that's very easily disprovable lmao? [Dwyane Wade's 2010-2011 game log.](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/w/wadedw01/gamelog/2011/) Age 28y-282d on opening day of the season. [Stephen Curry 2016-2017 game log.](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/c/curryst01/gamelog/2017) Age 28y-225d on opening day of the season. Wade was 2 months older than Curry. Chris Bosh was 2 years younger than Curry. KD is 6 months younger than Curry currently is.
I laughed so at "it's a rapist!". Caught me so off guard.
0%
This is the most disgusting pitch I have ever seen in my life. That's like a foot and a half of movement and it starts right before the plate.
He wasn't stuck against the best team of all time in 2011 or 2014.
That is a normal title. Gets just got a new slant.
Lol Jordan averaged 35/6/7 in the 10 games without Pippen. He was on actual lottery teams some years playing some of the best playoff teams of all time. Not even close to the same.
He *can* be, but he won't. If he won 5 rings in GSW and then left back to Seattle or OKC and won 5 more rings as the best player on his team then of course he'd have an argument. But obviously that's super, super unlikely.
Kobe telling it like it is.
Last year. Last year's three was 1 on 1 pull up fuck you three for the refs right over Lebron.
It seems we're at an impasse
Lol Curry is the only player in the NBA that could sprain his MCL and have people act like it never happened. Crazy that KLove and Tristan Thompson became elite perimeter defenders for 7 games against only Curry. Definitely had nothing to do with him clearly being slower after coming back from an injury.
Good to know there's no point in arguing with you. Maybe try to watch basketball sometime.
I'm glad some people on this sub understand basketball enough to realize this. I don't know how you can say Steph choked when his points came in the biggest moments. He's a three point shooter and three point shots have naturally high variance. The Cavs did a great job defending him and he got some of *his* types of shots off but they just didn't land. He still made the right basketball play the majority of the time.
Kobe was great on D but I don't know about "easily" top 5 right now. He's definitely not better than Kawhi, Draymond, or Gobert, and I think you'd have a hard time arguing he's unquestionably better than all of AD, Giannis, Embiid, Roberson so it seems like he'd be somewhere around there. Plus there's guys like Holiday, Covington, Oladipo, Horford to consider too.
I can't tell if this is sarcasm because Lebron literally averaged 16ppg over the first three games of his 4th Finals lmao.
That stat needs a much, much larger sample size before it normalizes.
He also would have actually scored a FG in OT in game 1.
The best shit talkers do it before and after. Everyone can talk shit when they're already winning, only some people can talk shit and then back it up.
Not really tbh, Curry has the 9th highest ppg in the playoffs of all time, he just hasn't played that many games in a single postseason because of injuries the past few years. KD did it in 21 games on 29 PPG, Curry did his in 21 games on 26 ppg back when he didn't shoot as much.
Lol you Curry haters really can't stand to see him perform well.
That's straight up revisionist history lmao. KD's nickname early in his career was "kid clutch". FOH.
Swaggy P lmao
The offense is run around Curry, to say otherwise is stupid. Draymond runs the point when Curry plays offball, but Curry runs the offense.
He never was.
A 4 game sample size in which Curry had a really bad game. Do the one for the regular season, where Curry has lead the stat since 2013.
Eh I think Curry has a better chance of that happening than KD.
That's because of recency bias. Same reason people right now say Lebron is indisputably #2 when he really isn't. In reality Kobe is in that 6-9 range.
True. JVG doesn't deserve a vote though lol. Someone else should have had his place and been able to vote for KD.
Definitely not true lol, we got so much hate during the 73-9 season.
This is so salty but I love it. Wish more teams did this
Lebron top 5, Curry top 15, KD top 20.
He honestly does shit like that all the time. Exaggerates the crap out of any potential injury.
Lol he only recently started doing that because he had the worst FTA per shot attempt of any volume scorer in the NBA.
I mean he probably wouldn't have won it with Russ, if he wins 3 or 4 rings in GSW history will look back on that better than him having 0.
Scoring titles 10 vs 1 DPOY 1 vs 0
Adam Silver is legit the best about this stuff. Light-years ahead of Manfred or Goodell.
Both are true.
Lebron stepped over him, Dray swiped his hand in a "get off of me" motion, then Lebron claimed that Draymond tried to him in the balls and after the game campaigned to get a suspension and he was retroactively awarded a flagrant point by the NBA.
It's literally not, because if you have an open shot in the midrange out of everybody in the NBA who do you choose? Do you choose the people who shoot 50% or do you choose the guy who shoots 60%? You take the latter. And threes are a *gimmick*? Oh boy lol. He's the greatest overall shooter and it's honestly not even a discussion, regardless of how delusional you are.
I think he's top 5, behind Magic, Steph, IT, and Big O.
How did it end up hurting him lol? People are just gonna see 37 points in a closeout game. It's funny how much Steph succeeding triggers you. Literally in every thread about FMVP talking about how Curry didn't deserve any votes and was "statpadding" lol. FOH
They absolutely did not retain most of their roster in 2010, that's straight up revisionist history lol. They traded half of their starting players away, fired their coach and GM, and high key tanked with a new system.
Because we measure conference strength by the number of actual contenders, not by how many games the 8th seed won. Especially considering getting 41 wins in the west is far harder than getting 41 wins in the east.
For most people averaging 26/5/5 or 27/8/9.5 or 27.5/6/6 on good efficiency would win MVP. Steph's had some bad luck with narratives and his teammates going off.
No. Curry might be though. There will be a point in KD's career where he won't be able to pass the next person until he wins a ring without another MVP on his team. That's around 15ish imo. I think he can, but unless Curry leaves it will have to be somewhere else.
Rockets win in 6 without Curry.
How is that wrong in any way? Just because he's really good doesn't mean he has to want to be a leader or do things that make him less happy for your entertainment lol. He's a normal dude that happens to be really really good at basketball.
That's like 4 hours of rent in San Francisco.
Lmao if you don't think MJ would beat a 5th seed Pacers team lead by Victor Oladipo and a Celtics team missing whose two best players were a rookie and a second year.
There isn't a point in arguing with Lebron stans. Most haven't seen a possession of basketball played before 2001.
Offensive rating. It's really not impossible to know that a team with a HoFer and multiple great defenders would do well today.
Lmao wut? Dude played against guys like Drexler, IT, and the Glove, FOH.
What? The Cavs D was atrocious last year. Plus the Warriors were completely healthy in the playoffs. If they can barely win in 7 against an injured Curry and Iggy with Bogut out for 3 games and Draymond suspended for 1, what makes you think they win with all of our starters?
Yes lmao, he put up 41/9/6 over 6 games in the '93 Finals including a 55 point game and actually won while doing so. And that was against prime Charles Barkley.
Lol you mean when he made 90% of his points on jumpshots because he couldn't drive, and when Steven Adams apparently turned into an elite perimeter defender only when switching on Curry. You're still full of shit, but no amount of delusion makes an MCL sprain go away.
Spurs were once new money though. The Lakers and Celtics are really the 1%. They hold like 50% of championships just between the two.
Jordan Bell is on pace for 15 rings fite me
We didn't even play OKC in 2015 lol. Fuck outta here your made up bullshit.
Magic didn't win a single ring without Kareem and/or James Worthy on his team.
It was literally exactly the same team as the year before who the Celtics crushed, the only difference was the coach. The Celtics were still more talented than the Sixers. and were coming off of 8 straight championships.
The best is when they say GSW rings don't matter because they're too good. Like what lmao?
As long as it's still *Golden State* Warriors they have my support. They represent all of the Bay Area.
"Wah he went straight to the locker room" Crickets after Lebron does the same thing.
Top 5 player of all time &gt; top 20 player of all time.
+/- is meaningless over a 4 game sample size.
Uh, I never said anything about Steph being better than KD, only that +/- is meaningless in a small sample size.
That's not how statistics work, and individual players don't have full control over this stat. It's just a description of what happened while they were on the floor, that's why role players can have higher +/- than teammates they're clearly worse than. The stat itself isn't an outlier, but every shot taken can be. If KD fucks up on his assignment and directly allows three buckets while Curry is on the floor, then Curry leaves the floor and the other team misses 5 wide open threes that KD wasn't even covering, there will be a huge difference in +/- and ORtg/Drtg between the two despite the fact that Curry had no impact on the points scored while he was on the floor and KD had no impact on the misses. An individual shot can create can have a huge effect on the overall rating, so it makes no sense to attempt to draw any conclusions to it. It only comes close to normalizing as you go through a sample size closer to an entire season.
I think you could convince me to take 2 KAT's over Lebron. You'd have one of the best scoring front courts ever with fantastic rebounding and still amazing spacing because KAT can shoot outside so well. Defense might be terrible right now but he might figure it out down the line.
It feels good to be hated tbh, so many delusional people crying about how meaningless and easy everything is yada yada yada. All I can say is "RINGS ERNEH"
Kidd and Marion were old and way out of their primes. Terry was the only one still performing close to his prime, but he isn't a HoFer.
Terry's "prime" lasted longer. He hasn't fully declined yet, but Marion and Kidd had, or were in the middle of a steep one. Dirk didn't win by himself, they were great role players. Just not currently playing at a HoF level.
Wilt outplayed Russell in pretty much every series they played. I think Russel outscored him like twice in their careers.
Wade's numbers are 30/5/7 on 57% TS%, Curry's are 30/5/7 on 67% TS%. Huge difference in efficiency. Nash literally didn't even average 20 ppg. Dirk was 25/9/3 on 60.5% TS%. Curry is closer to Shaq level of peak dominance than any of those guys, and hell he was even more efficient than Shaq.
Because people who like the Lebron to the point of stanning him aren't satisfied with him being the best SF to ever play.
The three pointer became a thing when MJ was in high school. Anyone who seriously believes that MJ, one of the greatest midrange shooters ever, wouldn't work on his three point shooting and become at least a decent three point shooter if he played today is fooling themselves.
Exactly. I was losing my mind. "Shaq wasn't a good FT shooter so MJ wouldn't have been an acceptable 3 point shooter" What kind of logic is that?
Fuck off you baseball hating motherfucker
But why compete with Lebron for a few years when they can keep part of their core and just get Kawhi and/or PG13 and compete for a lot of years?
Cause it's actually happened before. In '61 a Pats fan ran onto the field and disrupted the last pass and the game ended lmao.
How do you make 9 three pointers in the Finals?
Not so much Curry stans, just anyone who knows anything about basketball.
I mis-remembered the number it was "only" 65% of his FGM, but I think the point still stands. [Here is where I got it.](https://stats.nba.com/players/scoring/?sort=PCT_AST_FGM&amp;dir=1&amp;Season=2016-17&amp;SeasonType=Playoffs&amp;PORound=4)
Also led a 73 win team and had unanimous MVP.
&gt; MJ, Wilt, Kareem, Lebron, Magic, Shaq, Duncan, *and Bird*
He subbed out Tim Duncan and then Chris Bosh got the most important offensive rebound in NBA history.
Actually low key agree, but it should still only go to the winner of the Finals unless someone averaged like 50/20/20 over 10 games.
For one series (correctly or incorrectly is another thing). You said that playoff MVP is the same as FMVP, and I just said it wasn't for those years.
&gt; I think in terms of just playing basketball LeBron is better than Jordan, it's just narritives and storylines that he still has to make to convince people his legacy is better. No one who has watched MJ and isn't a massive homer thinks this, because it's patently false. Lebron is the most dominant player we've seen in awhile, but he still doesn't dominate the league like MJ did because he just isn't as good.
The Warriors got taken to 7 with just Harden and CP3, with CP3 missing 2 games. Adding the best player in the NBA, a top 5 player, and a top 10 player wouldn't push the scales for you? Even Boston with Lebron would be more talented than the Warriors. And you're being too picky with word choice. To me a "feat" is just something I'd say is "super impressive"
At least CP3 knows how to pass the ball. Generational passing PGs tend to age the best of any position. Maybe not worth the max but if relatively healthy I'd put money on a 37 year old CP3 being good rather than bad.
Yeah... The first word that comes to mind when thinking One Piece is "fun". I like Togashi's stuff but the first word that comes to mind when thinking about his newest chapters is... *not* that.
Shaq was a more dominant scorer. Also 2 points isn't 2 points. Shaq's scoring is kind of like Curry's shooting, his gravity changed how the defense played. Kobe was a great scorer but his scoring didn't pull defenders towards the paint or outside of the arc.
You can keep "Lol"ing when you have no argument but that doesn't erase Wilt's unparalleled dominance or Kareem's 6 rings, 6 MVPs, and all-time scoring record.
We're going around in circles but Curry was definitely the best player on our team *during* the 2015 Finals. The numbers show it wasn't even really close either. It's proof that it's narrative over actual ability.
Wow. His FT% is literally more than double too lol.
Funny to see some of the negative reaction to early Process.
That's not that unreasonable.
They moved ahead of 9 teams to get the last 1st pick. Disgusting.
Lebron seems like a more down to earth guy than he was before, but he's still cocky as fuck. He is in no way humble.
I've never heard anything about KD acting disinterested in a meeting or where he'd already decided where to go and wasted people's time. If he did that then yeah that's a dick move. But as far as I know he didn't. The only way he fucked up imo is not calling Russ and telling him because they were close friends, other than that he doesn't owe anyone shit as long as he isn't a dick about it.
But he's met and spoken with Nanoka a few times. Since he has some sort of insight into the "real" her after meeting at the onsen it's not *quite* as crazy to like her imo.
That's something I didn't want to remember. I can't believe you've done this. Fuck that level.
Curry *is* a better finisher than Kyrie, that's why he makes it more often in the RA than Kyrie does. Being flashy doesn't make you inherently good. Curry also has some of the GOAT handles too, so even if Kyrie is better at that then it's not by much.
It just looks that way because they're attempting different things when they're using their handles. Steph is the GOAT shooter so he looks to create a three point shot or if not tries to get them to bite on a pump fake so he can move past them to the rim. Kyrie often uses his handles in the middle of driving and to choose midrange spots. That's why you see Curry using his handles outside of the arc a lot more than Kyrie, and Kyrie using his handles inside the arc more often than Curry.
We all knew it. When your only argument against a guy for ROTY is "he's not a rookie!" you know who deserves it.
[That's because his team was terrible with him off the court and the equivalent of one of the best defenses in the NBA with him on the court.](https://stats.nba.com/vs/advanced/#!?TeamID=1610612740&amp;VsPlayerID=203076)
Nope. Hasn't deserved a single one he hasn't gotten.
Speaking the truth isn't trolling. Stop being a homer. The only one that was close to arguable was 2011 and he wasn't even 2nd in MVP voting.
Would you prefer Lebron stan? Using an NBA flair doesn't make you not a massive homer in anything pertaining to Lebron. You legit said "Lebron is a much better player than MJ" in another comment, that's all I need to see to know you know nothing about basketball and/or are a delusional Lebron stan.
Curry haters gotta cling to something.
I agree, the attitude about Stockton on this sub is so strange to me. When he played he was never considered a top 5 player or even close to being so. He only had two first team all-nba nominations in his entire career and that was only because IT and Magic retired/were about to retire. Never finished top 5 in MVP voting. No rings. You can argue he was never even the best PG in the NBA. Yet he's viewed as a top 5 PG ever? Top 10, sure, but top 5? No way.
Woulda won in 5 with a healthy Iggy.
"KD only averaged 30/6/6, Lebron can't win with that cat"
&gt; the infraction is about the air pressure of footballs, which could realistically be left to the discretion of each team and have ZERO impact on the integrity of the game. Untrue and irrelevant. Pretty easy to argue having it be less inflated makes it easier to hold on to. And irrelevant because even if that was the case and it gave no advantage, they were accused of doing something illegal per the NFL's rules for the purpose of gaining an advantage. &gt;the primary issue has been proven to be complete bullshit by Ideal Gas Law (which the NFL has never addressed officially). Also untrue. Yeah a guy working for a subsidiary owned by Robert Kraft did a lazy proof that anyone who has basic understanding of the IGL could see was disingenuous as hell, but that's about it. &gt; the primary issue the NFL had with Brady is that they think he might have known kind of. WTF. Just because the investigator isn't a biased dumbass and didn't expressly say "TOM BRADY IS GUILTY" doesn't mean his conclusion was as simple and lenient as "he might have known". To say it was "more probable than not" that Brady had "at least general knowledge" of what was happening are specific and common legal terms that are about as straightforward of a conclusion as one could get. Lastly, it's not the NFL's job to punish people for doing stuff that's illegal. It *is* their job to punish people doing stuff that breaks the rules of the game this is all about. The one cardinal sin of sports is don't cheat. It should be one of the biggest possible offenses.
There's a gap between Lebron's peak scoring and Kareem's peak scoring, that isn't true for Kobe or Jordan. And I would say I'm not sure I disagree about him being better than Bird, Steph, or Iverson. Kareem is weird because he has really high volume for a couple years and then he also has lower volume but on insane efficiency. He has an argument with pretty much anyone.
Yeah you're right. There is zero argument for GOAT for a guy that not once, not twice, but *three* times left and colluded in FA to make a super team and *still* has vastly less success than MJ.
Curry top 15, KD top 20.
That's what makes it a joke though, if he was making $7 an hour no shit he's not gonna be able to afford a house.
Wilt is my #2 until proven otherwise. Obviously didn't watch him when he was currently playing but looking back at the footage we have and his stats... *No one* dominated like Wilt did.
There is, but it doesn't matter because MJ played on a higher level than Lebron *and* is greater. In fact that's actually the reason why he's greater, because he was a more dominant player.
I mean on average he scored less on lower efficiency than MJ. He has 2 scoring titles to MJ's 10. It's kind of outlandish. A 6 game sample size doesn't change that, Kobe just has some of the highest attempts in single games ever.
His team was terrible on defense when he was on the floor and he coasted hardcore.
The Warriors are negative with Curry out this year and KD has inflated stats from playing by himself. Curry was putting up 30 points a game even sharing the ball with KD. Also, 3 uncontested rebounds a game doesn't make up for a huge gap in efficiency. Good efficiency vs the best efficiency in NBA history, not really an argument there.
Bro how do you get into a rhythm as a play caller lmao? This story is ridiculous.
Yeah his reply is even worse, these people have absolutely no idea what they're talking about.
We shouldn't have to have Rodgers playing like the GOAT every game to win.
Y'all care too much about FMVPs lol. The Finals were the easiest part for the Lakers during the three-peat. The East was trash. Kobe outplayed Shaq a couple times in the WCFs when it really mattered.
For real this is funny. Of course it's petty. The 3-1 cookies were petty. That's what makes it funny. Literally just flip the dialogue and have Lebron say: "Oh yeah that champagne comment? So funny. look what pettiness gets you, 3-1 lead blown in the Finals." and this thread would be one of the most upvoted ever. Like you say this sub is just soft as fuck.
Talk shit, get hit. Everyone, including Lebron, knows what can happen when you talk shit. He probably saw this and laughed instead of getting triggered like all the people in this thread.
How is Klay whining? You guys get so butthurt over things that are clearly *at most* light banter. Literally none of the people actually doing the shit talking are serious.
Imagine getting butthurt over the lightest banter like this lmao. Anyone with even the bare minimum sense of humor should be able to tell how non-serious Curry was and know it's a joke.
That was a weak suspension, and I'd call it a weak suspension regardless of who it was on. Not to mention our MVP and 6th man were playing injured the entire time and Bogut was out for the last 2.5 games. That was not a fully healthy Warriors any way you look at it.
Also with the Warriors he can claim (or at least tell himself) that he came there because they play fun basketball or because Curry is good at sharing the ball or that Warriors vs Thunder wasn't a real rivalry so it's okay, but those excuses don't work for LA. Lebron vs KD is definitely a real "rivalry", he would have to deal with an even bigger shitstorm if he joined his team.
Lol the guy has 20 games averaging more than 6 assists, chill out. Doesn't matter what position he is when you're just comparing who is a better passer.
Jokic's current career high apg and ast is lower than CP3's career low and way lower than his career average. CP3 is a better passer, it's not even a debate lol.
[The best panel in the history of manga](https://i.imgur.com/XM96jDM.png?1)
/r/nba in a nutshell, spouting narratives like facts to sound knowledgeable lmao.
To be fair, statistically about once every 100 trips to the line he'll miss both FTs.
Still a garbage argument, everyone else in the world could have "rode the train of OP top tier jank camping" but they couldn't because they weren't as good as Zero. He's one of the most dominant esports players of all time. This is akin to Leffen fanboys complaining about how "broken" puff is in melee and how it "carries" hbox.
Yeah a lot of people don't understand this, especially if they don't speak another language. Zero is obviously pretty proficient in English, but I think most people would tell you their vocabulary is nowhere near as big in their second language as it is in their first language, so you tend to use the same common phrases a lot.
They did, and it was really accurate.
Kono jookaa ni wa yume ga aru!
DI is directional influence. Let's say your opponent hits you straight up into the air, so far that it kills you from the top blast zone. You can "DI" by holding the control stick to the left or right during the hitstun of the attack, which allows you to change the launch angle from straight up (90 degrees) which would kill you to a slightly lower angle (like 70 degrees) that lets you survive. SDI stands for smash directional influence. In the newer games, SDI is normally used to escape multihit moves or combos. You can smash DI by either spamming your control stick in one direction over and over again or making a quarter circle back and forth in the direction you want to go. [This video will probably explain it better than I did, though.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIdyVK1aDtg)
And he really wasn't even that good that year. Check down city gave him a high completion percentage, though.
Never forget that one of the front legs on the Deathchargers are still fucked up and they still haven't fixed them in the decade that they've existed.
He was first in my heart. ^^^^Actually ^^^^2nd ^^^^to ^^^^Celica
Why do people think Joker was so out of left field? He's the main character of one of the most popular JRPGs of the last decade, makes for a unique moveset, is from a Japanese IP that Sakurai himself said he took inspiration from and liked, comes with great music, etc. Maybe I was just blinded by how much I wanted Joker in the game but while I didn't think he was a for sure pick I certainly thought he had a decent chance.
Nope, that's not what hindsight bias means. There are plenty of rational reasons he was included, and several big youtubers like Alpharad mentioned wanting him to be included. Hell he was top 50 on this subreddits prediction list. Nice try though.
Yet you specifically said I'm the type of person you're talking about who is hindsight biased.
But a lot of Roy's moves are brokenly good when they have no sour spot. Chrom's Ftilt is absolutely nuts because the tip does so much damage, and all of his aerials have a ridiculous effective range for how much power they have.
The secret to getting good at fighting games is to get bodied over and over again. Then you start to get destroyed slightly less and slightly less and eventually you'll realize you're much better than where you started, even if you're still losing. Losing is one of the most important parts of getting better. Of course, you still have to supplement your losing with watching gameplay, learning mechanics, and practicing movement/combos/tech skills.
I'm hispanic and live in California where we have tons of great Mexican food. Still love Chipotle. It's just that's even though it's "Mexican food" it's not really Mexican food, and that's okay.
When it becomes clear Kyrie can actually lead a team to success and in the playoffs. The Celtics were a game away from the Finals without Kyrie last year, the Thunder aren't even a playoff team without Russ.
They aren't necessarily worse, they're different. Both "combo" into lightning kick now at specific percents.
&gt; Unique heroes. I don't know of any heroes as far from the norm as murky, Vikings, Cho'gall. The funniest part lmao, those are basically copy and pasted dota heroes with a small twist.
Because it's hard and satisfying when completed. It's like playing in a band. It's hard, and if everyone doesn't do their part properly it sounds like shit. But when everyone does you make beautiful music and it's immensely satisfying. Same thing.
It's because Roy is so good. Chrom is Roy with extra range as is because his whole sword does max damage but his jab, Dtilt, and Ftilt all have even *bigger* hitboxes than Roy's entire sword.
Uh, no. Patently wrong. He literally won Dreamhack Denver a month before he retired.
Nah, that's not the point. You can have a differing opinion, you can support Trump and I don't care. But that sub specifically is bigoted as fuck, and if you consider yourself part of that community that means you either are a bigot yourself or don't care when other people are. Both of which make you an asshole.
That's because there's really high hitstun in melee, so it's immediately noticeable whether something is a "true" combo or not. That's not the case in Smash 4/Ultimate where there aren't a ton of true combos and most "combos" are strings. This would be like calling fox trotting back and forth "dash dancing". Sure you can call it that since they're similar concepts, but you'd be wrong. You can also go ahead and call them true combos and regular combos, but the "string" terminology was made in the first place to avoid the confusion you're creating.
Frame data and character attributes (run speed, air speed, weight, etc). Not all characters with good frame data are top tier, but almost all top tier characters have good frame data.
Someday.
Yeah you're right it's actually more.
You're using an example of two of the most fundamentally sound players who went through the American system. They're the exception, most players who come through the American system on average have worse fundamentals than Euro players.
Because it doesn't make sense. The best players in the world aren't good because they win, they win because they're good.
The dude must really like Persona. Persona 5 is one of my favorite games of all time and I still don't think I could describe the battle system as anything close to "thrilling".
Oh my god. That page where it showed his mom going "Oh my" is maximum super fluff! It's so adorable!
Come on, this is just blatantly untrue. Even if you completely ignore all of Zero's 56 tournament winstreak and general success pre-Cloud and Bayonetta, he's still by far the most successful Smash 4 player post DLC as well. He even won Dreamhack Denver against Salem's Bayo a month before he retired lol.
I don't have a strong opinion either way, but giving on/off doesn't really create the whole picture. Jokic's positive on/off could be entirely the result of him playmaking for his teammates and creating high efficiency shots for them, while AD's could entirely be the result of him being a dominant rim protector. Both of them show up in the on/off numbers, but only one of those is the result of making teammates better.
Eresh. I'm saving every single quartz I get in 2019 for her banner.
Same thing with Pichu, it was good for the game that Peach and Pichu were high tier. Pichu was already getting pushed out because camping is so effective in this game. Some of Peach's nerfs were needed (like side B being safe on shield), but overall it's bad for the game when high skill ceiling characters aren't the best. These nerfs miss the forest for the trees.
Kit Harrington did an absolutely amazing job as Jon Snow, I've always felt that he, Nikolaj, and Peter were the best at portraying the subtle emotions that make the characters feel so real. Jon Snow will always be the real king to me.
THIS THREAD IS PROPERTY OF WIZZY GANG
Tweek was playing so weird, he didn't respect Wolf Upsmash all set vs Wizzy and didn't respect explosive flame at all in this set. Odd decisions to commit to shield pressure and poor spacing.
Literally the most optimal punish. Fatality is so good at landing these.
Makes sense. It's a shame Nintendo listened to the complaining of low level players and nerfed a top tier that already was one of the hardest characters in the game to play and one of the few actually aggressive archetypes. The increased self damage to Pichu's up B is one of the most tone deaf nerfs I've seen, Pichu's disadvantage was already terrible and now you do more damage when recovering with a move that has zero hitbox, a shit ton of end lag, and is super easy to be two framed. It's not worth playing a character that's super hard to play, gets you camped 24/7, and gets trained in disadvantage/dies super early.
TS% is objectively the best measure of scoring efficiency, it's literally points per scoring possession. You don't know shit about basketball if you think FG% means anything lmao.
Quite the opposite, you guys have no idea what you're talking about lol. You guys should work on not going 0-2 at your local before you try to discuss high level play.
Is there an options for "Joker is high high tier, MKLeo is just better than everyone else"? I don't think MKLeo is making Joker look better than he is or Joker is making MKLeo look better than he is, Joker is just a good character being piloted by the best player, that combination is what is so good.
Samsora and Marrs were complaining about *joker*, not MKleo. Then the person I replied to said something dumb about Samsora's peach and I said unlike Joker Samsora doesn't camp. Nothing about Leo. Tweek camps with everyone, so that's moot.
Why are they storyboarding backwards lol? No wonder the ending is shit when they aren't building naturally up to the ending but instead are making the ending and then going "how the fuck do we get from where we are to here?"
If the media didn't shit on Lebron for scoring 2 points in OT of game 1 last year, they won't shit on Curry for scoring 47 in a game that was already away from us in the 4th.
He punched something, got a booboo, then played the rest of the series like normal until he got eliminated and came out to a presser in a cast lmao. That was almost Paul Pierce wheelchair level of exaggerating, except even stupider because he did it to himself.
Damn she's super adorable and her persona is badass. She might be my favorite character design of all the cast. I hope her confidant/story is cool too! Also, I didn't realize she had the same voice actress as Isla from Plastic Memories. Instant heart pang.
Decent. He was bottom 10-20 before, now he may be high mid tier or low high tier.
SoPo is the reason I want ICs to always be viable, even at the cost of them being degenerate. I fucking love sopo clips. It's like a position player pitching in the MLB.
Moe with reddit level analysis in a nutshell, frags = good, no frags = bad.
It's because people who hate the Warriors don't come on reddit after the game if they win lol.
Yeah fat chance I ever call him the Hero, he's Erdrick and skins.
Taking the post at face value: &gt;However you may interpret this, to us MD was forcing their own platform onto us, trying to make us abandon our sites and our chapter readers for something they had built. Seems like pressure to me. That said, I obviously don't know everything on both sides. I was only going by what I read in this post. I'm still of the opinion that MangaDex is best as only a tool for aggregating all kinds of scanlators' works, not a shortcut into paid official translations.
Super fucking cool. Rare is honorary Nintendo to me.
&gt; the whiney emo princess, You mean the most interesting Zelda that has ever been in the series? How is that a flaw?
There's no way Japan wasn't hyped about a DQ character. It's like the second highest selling JRPG ever (FF is 1st) and the vast majority of that is Japan alone.
Banjo Kazooie came out in 1998, I really doubt very many people born in 1994 had a n64 and played it so much that they remember it so fondly. It definitely seems like the vast majority of people who want it are 30+. I'd also be willing to bet a good chunk of the people who advocate for it on reddit are people who played it a couple times years after it's release and are just caught up with the hype and memes.
Lol Curry haters will do anything justify Curry not getting FMVP in the unlikely event we pull off a miracle and come back.
How did I know Soma would get jobbed at the end? This is like a masterpiece of shit. I honestly don't get how authors are so bad at endings, is it really that hard for Erina to like it and Soma to actually win and reach the goal he's been working towards since like chapter 2? It's a basic ass ending but at least it would be satisfying. Stop trying to subvert people's expectations and write a proper ending.
Sorry but Snake and Bayo are weeb as hell.
I think our bench could be better though, even without KD and Klay, if Curry has some NBA level shooters instead of G league spacing we'll be a better team than we were last night.
Little to none.
Good lord this thread really shows how little most redditors understand about NBA defense. Actually sad.
NAH, leaning towards NTA. A year is plenty of time to move on and try dating again. As long as you're both consenting adults, who is anyone else to tell you who you can and cannot date? Unlike many people in this thread I'm not here to judge how healthy or unhealthy your relationship actually is. Imagine if you truly thought you found someone you considered your soulmate and other people told you you couldn't date them because of some arbitrary shit. Your daughters can do whatever they want, but I feel it's assholey and manipulative to cut contact with you if you're actually just trying to find happiness with your new SO.
You know you're a degenerate when you're like "what kind of dessert could possibly be made with dashi"?
The year is 20XX. Wizzy plays Falcon at TAS levels of perfection. Because of this, the winner of every tournament depends solely on if Wizzy is in attendence. The bracketing metagame has evolved to ridiculous levels due to it being the only remaining factor to decide who gets 2nd.
Up throw up air and roller are your main tools to kill at 100%. You should learn the percentages that up throw up air kills at for each type of character weight and then practice it. Roller into upsmash or fsmash near a ledge is another great confirm, it's good both as a mixup when you're in advantage and as a surprise out of hitstun when you're in disadvantage.
Well I meant the large braids but yeah.
I mean Klay can probably make it for the playoffs, and it's the same reason Lebron's team always has decent odds, anything can happen as long as Curry is healthy.
I'll give you country, but 1.5 million people attended the Warriors championship parade in 2015, and 1.3 million attended the Cavs' in 2016. They each literally tripled the population of the cities they celebrated in. Both of those franchises sat through decades of failure and were ecstatic to win theirs.
My point is that people act like Shulk has zero results at all, not that he should be in top tier on result merit only.
Why would you use something that's strictly worse if you have the option to use something better?
Could say the same thing about the 2016 Warriors too.
Game 5 Draymond didn't play, Game 6 and 7 Bogut didn't play.
I have to choose Ishtar, but I love Nito's, Saber's, Jeanne's, and Altera's as well. Adorable.
Maybe in the Spanish version my gacha luck won't be so horrible. Third time's a charm right? *right?...*
2real4me
Dust 2 is one of the worst maps in the rotation lol.
Blizzard has just phoned it in for armor design in general. They should be able to put more effort into a fewer number of sets but they just don't give a shit, everything is lazy, boring, and uninspired.
Spoilers are everyone, nowhere is safe. Not even reddit discussion threads because of all the smarmy source readers and "anime only" viewers who magically guess everything correctly. You can't even shame them for it because that actually spoils it for other people. It's so aggravating when you've read the LN/manga/whatever but you see all these other source reader assholes spoiling non source people.
Sorry but none of those awards or rings mean nearly as much as Hakeem's, nor does he have an MVP.
Yeah clearly they're just going to release Mirror Impact 2, with +8 atk, +15 speed, no follow up.
Lol what? A ring is a ring, but it's not even close to a ring like either of Hakeem's. The Raptors literally only won because of catastrophic injuries, had both teams been healthy it likely wouldn't have been close.
For real. I was so upset when they changed him to English but then his English VA turned out to be absolutely amazing too! Really captures the tone of Japanese Roy.
NTA, that's what HR is for. Usually the people complaining about millennials being entitled snowflakes or having no common sense or spending their money on "dumb things" are the ones who are actually entitled assholes.
Looks so damn good. Ultimate is fun but it's crazy to think how a couple small changes make it seem like it could be so much better.
I just think that GSP alone is one of the worst things they could do. I really don't think it fits how Smash should work competitively. Have a hidden MMR that roughly sorts people's skill levels, yes, but don't make it a giant number everyone lives by. Instead of encouraging rematching and practicing chracters, it encourages people to cheese as hard as possible, never rematch when they lose, and otherwise abuse online. Like even when I'm in bracket playing against people that are trying to win money no one plays like the people you see on quickplay, even in Elite Smash. It's everything that makes Smash unfun.
People aren't really tryharding though, they're just cheesing with lag. Everything near elite smash and up until very high elite is filled with people cheesing for GSP.
Good lord, Justin's tweet. What the fuck is wrong with people?
Inkling is your best bet.
So when we win it's fake and the other team's fault, but when we lose it's because we're not good without KD? Got it.
This just confirmed how little CGI they actually used lol. 90% of the stuff is real, almost everything else is just normal stuff you'd do in post.
You can't seriously have actually watched football this season if you think Rodgers is interchangeable with Garoppolo of all people. He's clearly the weak link on that offense, their offense crumbles when the ball is forced into his hands.
Oh yep, I forgot about that part! I think that's what confused me, I guess that's what he was doing except he wrote 0.998 instead of 0.992
Yikes. This is the real secret to winning rings. Shit, the only other time we were inside the top 10 in defense outside of 2010 our defense got 45 hung on them too. It's quite literally the only times Brees and Rodgers had legit defenses they won the Super Bowl.
Save your breath, the people who use this terrible argument have no sense of logic. Without fail they say some variation of "YouR tEAM had 4 qUaRTeRS To SeaL thE wiN"
When he *actually* had all those guys he had literally the greatest single season by a QB of all time, what more do you want him to do lol.
They hated him for being a dick. Who cares what people decide to spend their money on? Why make fun of them for spending money on something they care about?
"Innovated gameplay elements" AKA, "I hope you rolled Merlin and/or the other 5 star support casters, otherwise you'll want to kill yourself".
Idk why Shanahan insists on constantly putting the ball into his worst player's hands. Stop throwing the ball.
Maybe someday Rodgers will have a defense that doesn't choke in the playoffs
If the defense doesn't get their shit together on this drive this is gonna be a big fat L.
If he won another SB he'd 100% pass Peyton, just by virtue of not being a playoff choker.
How many QBs in NFL history can make that throw? And on 3rd down in the last 2 minutes of a playoff game?
So basically you can cheat to win a WS and it'll only cost you a year or two worth of resources? Considering the Astros are cheating pieces of shit I'm sure they'd do the same all over again. They needed to vacate the title.
Did the MLB send out a memo to all the writers around the league to brown nose the shit out of them for this punishment to make people think it's more severe than it actually is? The punishment was about the absolute minimum they could have given.
I thought most people considered Rodgers to be above Brees, if anything the 180 is just flipping back from the 180 that happened this season.
Damn we should have gotten one of those GOAT coaches, what were we thinking?
I think that may be a little too strong. I wouldn't say he's not a good person at heart, it's just that he's a normal person with flaws just like real people have, and can be selfish and entitled.
Roy has the most unique playstyle of all the FE characters...
Nah you’re definitely just wrong. I don’t play these characters either but I don’t blindly go “fire emblem bad”
ESH. She sucks more, but you do too a little bit. Use condoms.
No, because I'm saying under normal circumstances 45 should win a playoff game and the QB deserves no blame. If we won in OT I would not in any way put the blame of that game on Kurt Warner, because he and Rodgers were the 2 best player in that game.
KC offensive players are mega annoying. The entirely manufactured "no one believes in us" schtick is dumb, literally everyone favors you to win, being down a TD means nothing.
He's not leaving, the last thing Tom Brady needs is for people to see him without BB. Nothing to gain, a lot to lose.
Let's be real here, they just chose one of the few remaining races that didn't have a reskin so they could put the minimum amount of effort into it while they made the vulpera models
When jab step &gt; jab step &gt; jab step &gt; hope for foul call doesn't work lmao.
Good QB, but not as good as his accolades would make him seem. His only MVP was won due to Rice and Montana splitting votes, and contrary to what people say on reddit he was widely considered to be a choker until the Broncos won in 97 and 98. He was never put on the same level as Montana, Marino, Young, Favre, etc.
"Forced to cover Rodman at the 3 point line" lol. Watch literally a *single* game from the 90s, no one does that. They rotate to the paint just like modern NBA defenses, they're just forced to hard switch.
I mean he could not ditch his team for a superteam some place else three times lol.
Void throwing D: Hope we see a legendary losers run.
Wilt had a post game and an "unstoppable" fadeaway. He was very much a player with finesse. People think he was like Shaq but he really wasn't at all.
Is the AA gun we get from this event particularly good? Or is it just like every other gold AA gun?
That's my QB. Best game of his career in the biggest game against the best defense in the NFL.
No, he just can't throw deep.
Still waiting on getting a single kscope. 2 years into playing on both NA and JP and I still don't have on on either of them.
Eh, the real problem is that the middle class have been robbed of their class consciousness. The rest are the upper class who want people to believe they're middle class. The true middle class are people living paycheck to paycheck and can't afford to save for the future. The biggest nightmare of the capitalist ruling class is Americans realizing the working class and middle class are the same thing. This group often unknowingly votes against their own interests, but it's not always their fault. Propaganda is a hell of a drug. Imo the biggest problem is the second group, the "upper middle class", basically the petit-bourgeois of our society. There's no such thing as upper middle class. These people are the small landlords, exploitative business owners, financial workers who produce no value, etc, often boomers and white suburban moderates who live above their means on the backs of the working class and would sell out the proletariat even if they belonged purely because they got theirs and don't give a shit if anyone else does. These people make up a huge chunk of voters who continuously vote against working class interests and usually *know they are doing so*. They continue to vote in this way because it keeps them temporarily above the rest of the working class. Though it should be said that just because someone makes a decent amount of money doesn't mean they belong to the problematic group. As long as they aren't devoid of class consciousness, don't exploit the working class, and don't posture as if they are one of the less fortunate members of the proletariat they're fine.
That place is full of police apologists and bootlickers. The only argument that seems to exist on that sub is that because America is also a shithole it's okay if China is one too. I'll pass on that one.
I’d like this place to become a non shithole, that’s why I criticize it. *I* may be able to leave if I wanted, but not everyone is that privileged.
Such a dumbshit, bad faith argument. Lebron was *asked* about China multiple times and it was super relevant to the NBA. No one is asking Lebron to comment about every injustice in the entire world with no prompting, just maybe when asked "hey do you support your colleague's right to free speech and not want him to receive death threats from China?" say "Yes" instead of condemning him.
If he learns to shoot a bit better from three -with help from Curry's gravity- and then our system reduces his midrange volume then I think he could be a better Harrison Barnes.
I gotta say white supremacist is pretty high up on the list of things I would absolutely make sure I rule out before drafting someone.
When keeping it ~~real~~ racist goes wrong.
Yeah that's a real asterisk though. They cheated. Even if Manfred doesn't officially strip them of the title every fan of every other team knows that ship is meaningless. Fuck the Astros.
Holy fuck the people on that sub are excruciatingly, mindnumbingly dumb. How do they manage to remember to breathe?
I don't agree, she's one of the few people who can use breath skills effectively, that combined with her slaying effect makes it so she can do things like spam Sol and be virtually unkillable.
My man is literally on a hate sub that platforms racists and fascists but we're the hate sub? Lol.
Because it's cancer full of degenerate stat stacking and mega whales. Not to mention debuffs you can't interact with and monotonous map design are both annoying and unfun. The day I got to tier 21 and was released from the hell that is the AR climb was the best day of my life.
She does kinda have bangs though. Also I'm a white hair stan so I can see we might not agree there.
Straight out of the moderate playbook. "I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action".
I'm kind of stunned at how tone deaf the bottom one is.
I've seen it pretty commonly said on places like /r/neoliberal and /r/politics.
It took 60 pulls and almost every cube I had but [I have re-united Jean Bart with her sister!](https://i.imgur.com/1n6EWYM.png) They are adorable together! All is right in the world.
How many of these policies will he actually fight for outright instead of "compromising" down to absolutely nothing? Basically all of them.
Sorry, Richelieu is brilliant but JB is bae.
Chapayev and La Galissonnière
Why do you think capitalism works when it's been shown repeatedly that it doesn't? What exactly about the rich getting richer, the poor getting poorer, thousands of people dying every year because they can't afford healthcare, the globe burning, etc shows that it's working? All I see is a shitty dystopian world being clung to by the corrupt, greedy shitheads at the top. Capitalism, not socialism, is too reliant on everyone being inherently good to work on large scale. *Everyone* isn't good. There will always be scum willing to exploit others for their own interests or for profit. And capitalism will always eventually prop these people up to the top.
"Don't bother believing in anything or holding principles, that makes you a filthy, uncivil extremist. Also any form of believing in something makes you just as bad as those who oppose it." My "extremism" is that people should be treated equally and not exploited, including the working class. That until it's possible for that to be truly achieved rich people should pay their fair share of taxes and there should be a social safety net. Their extremism is that we should have a white ethnostate, let people die because they're poor, and allow the earth to burn.
Is the Twin 203 (Mle 1924) better than the Triple 203 (Mle 1934 Prototype) for Sanrui?
&gt;Camilla is set up to be a colorless nuke, and the lack of an offensive special takes away from that quite a bit. This has never stopped B!Veronica from being super good, why would it stop B!Camilla? She has 33/37 offense and gets +3 Atk/Spd on initiation and another +7 of each from her A skill. She can't be counterattacked unless you have NFU. She can fly over terrain and receive movement speed buffs from L!Azura and Young Palla. Gravity is one of the most powerful effects in the game. Literally everything she comes with, down to her movement and weapon type is unique, I don't know how your criticism of her is that she "isn't unique". She comes with the best aspects of every other staff user all pooled together into one unit. What universe do you live in where these things are common of a staff user?
Oh no, I'm a sucker for high heels.
Tbh maps where I have to chase thieves before they steal all the items are *by far* my least favorite types of maps in any FE game. I appreciate the creativity, but probably won't be my cup of tea.
They seem mostly fine to me. Are you're talking about him shitting on China?
Most of the stuff with Yuri was awesome and well done, but they still irrevocably fucked up Endorsi and Bam’s relationship and the bull scene was horribly adapted. Reverse flow control is literally the most important thing about Bam’s ability at this stage of the story, and they butchered the scene with Quant where he first does it and completely took it out of the bull interaction. There’s so little foundation for like half the shit that happens in season 2. I can only hope if this gets a season 2 we get a new director that actually gives a shit.
The problem with these people is threefold. 1) They don't understand how marginal tax rates work. 2) They think by taxing the rich we mean robbing "successful" people who "pulled themselves up by the bootstrap" and make a couple hundred thousand a year or in the low millions, when in reality that's chump change and it's about making billionaires pay their fair share. And 3) they think they are potentially part of those self made well-to-doers and so they vehemently defend the mega rich. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires and all that.
*Oh my.*
They don't seem to be together together, maybe he married her for legal or protection reasons and is just getting a bad rap?
Economics are my favorite Uno reverse card to pull on neoliberals. "LeFTisTS DOnt UndErStAnd EcONoMiCS" they tell me, a leftist with a bachelor's degree in economics. Literally 9/10 times they've never taken more than econ 101. Their only understanding is that they think that markets = capitalism and market inefficiency is always bad. The other 1/10 times they have actually studied economics but usually are unable to separate economic theory from their beliefs. Yes, certain social safety nets create inefficiency in markets, I just don't care. Introducing a small amount of inefficiency into a market for the sake of creating a better world is a fair trade off. We already purposely do this because we understand what negative externalities are, I'm just proposing we acknowledge more of them and enact policy that may create inefficiency anyway. Nothing I believe conflicts with any of the scientific or mathematical theory of economics.
It's kinda crazy how much better this one is than the other two so far. Please don't fuck it up 22i.
Apologizing for scummy behavior is so tired and dumb. They're already by far one of the least charitable gacha games out there, no other gacha game ruins their gifts with RNG bullshit. There's literally no reason to not let people to choose other than greed, because if you happen to get one unit you want that's less orbs you'll buy to get them.
I didn't have time to test it out connecting to another player, but I didn't see an option to enable UCF before you connect. Does it let you toggle UCF?
Ben Shapiro is a dumbass who has no idea what he's talking about on 90% of issues, he's only good at presenting a debate rhetoric that appears effective to the average viewer that isn't well versed in debate or the subject matter. Which is why he only "debates" college kids with no experience, he would get dunked on by basically any leftist that regularly debates other conservatives. Most of his claims are easily debunked or besides the point, he doesn't understand basic political theory, he constantly acts in bad faith, and he frequently argues against scientific and academic consensus.
Do you know what rhetoric means? They don't believe the same things, but the arguments and method of speech they use to promote their beliefs are similar and in some cases arrive at the same result. Attacking minorities is bad regardless of whether you do it because you believe your race is superior or you do it because you believe they disrupt unity among the proletariat.
&gt; No that's not what your argument was, you said they both engage in class reductionism which isn't accurate. The only reason anyone would say anything like this is because they're trying to stretch the definition of "fascist" to include groups that fall outside the definition of fascism. No, I didn't. You're just misreading what I said. I said by engaging in class reductionism, tankies' *rhetoric* begins to *mirror* that of fascists. Rhetoric and mirror are the key words here. I never said both groups are class reductionists or are exactly the same, just that things like class reductionism can lead people to in engage in manners of speech/argument that parallel those of fascists, such as attacking racial or ethnic minorities. I'm talking about a very specific group of people that go farther than the example you gave in apologizing for the USSR or China. A reasonable person can say "hey the USSR had this one specific policy that was good" and that's fine, but this type of person would say "everything the USSR did is justified".
It literally means the same thing dude. I don't know why you think replacing "by" with "when" substantially changes the meaning of the sentence, it doesn't. "By" means "in the process of". You guys aren't even arguing the point, you're just arguing semantics.
I gotta say I'm worried for your sanity when the time comes to use those tickets. I saved up 150-ish tickets for when Eresh came out and getting through all of them was torture, it took *so* long.
Eresh please. Fisherman Cu a close second.
