Can't wait for this to be re-posted a hundred times with the ink running out headline.
I got the nice 3d resin model. However, if you have a reason 3d maker is the same. Same goes for the cheaper plastic. Go resin if you buy from them, or else you're paying a lot of money for a mediocre and d printed abs. Not that great. The minis feel good, but the process is just that of what you could do with a $200 printer.
Lol, man, you have no idea what the fuck you are talking about.
LAWWWWW! - Rico
That looks a lot like secretbridge
Nah, not worth watching either. Punk boot calling out another boot.
Zero fifty-three hundred hours
I remember hearing about the Time Rangers VS. The Time Lords. What a crazy war that was.
Dude needs to get bigger shirts, or lose the baby fat.
Knock, knock, motherfucker.
Ditto.
Beautiful favelas.
I mean, I almost couldn't tell the difference between Bethesda and Gun fucking me in the ass. They both lie so well.
Goddamn, they just gave medals away for anything back then. /s
Fuck, that's crafty.
I just got a concussion watching this.
*barfs* this needs a dizzy warning.
There's a Kansas city, Kansas, and a Kansas city, Missouri.
It's the In-N-Out menu of oreos.
My mother had bunionectomies on both her feet. Looked like she kicked a telephone pole to get them that crooked.
Scratch n sniff at the least.
Can we just smoke weed and watch, lk, community, MA, or something similar? I don't feel like getting off the couch right now.
I haven't moved from 3.6. It seems to be working just fine.
If you work one in QA/QC over 8 hours you are doing a disservice to your client.
Work negotiations? I live in a very union heavy pay of the US. All I read about is how every union is going on strike annually because they want more benefits due their people. I get it, but striking every year is bullshit. Nothing gets done around here because no work ever gets completed. And finally, the unions are controlled by the fucking mob.
Nothing.
The smell of fresh air.
Wow, those mods sound like a bunch of uptight bitch wads.
Kind of feels super similar to Halo.
This guy avoids getting nuked.
Just ugly British women.
That dot signifies they are married.
I have this recurring dream that I'm waking through this exact field with my hands out to my sides, so I can grade the top of the meadows with my palms as I walk through.
Kala just let's it hit the grid, then goes to it. She's a really smart dog. Less work.
800 lb. people try this. It doesn't end well for their organs and bones.
Keanuuuuuuuu, I need a friend, buddy. I have a dog, too.
This is sick!
As stated in the title, I started painting in October of 2018 as something new to try, as I'm prone to getting into hobbies and then losing interest quickly. It's also a huge coping mechanism for my ptsd. Luckily I've made it past the three months it usually lasts, and I'm still into the hobby more than ever. It's relaxing. Anyway, enjoy, and if you have any questions, feel free to ask. C&amp;C is welcome as well, although I should say I know the faces are horrible, as well as shadow pooling, brush and paint control, and better basing techniques. But, besides that, I did cover the models in primer pretty well!
Dude gonna wanna keep making insurance content think he rolling in that Kia, or he ain't going to be making payments.
I love this game.
I remember her looking way younger and prettier when I was younger.
With death?
God a la Morgan Freeman, or gay porno Gordi LaForge?
It's head keeps ripping apart and collapsing back together. It's a nightmare!
Well, I'm a dude, but my girlfriend would get rashes, not full blown bumps like hives, but she'd get itchy and start turning red after sex. The problem is that pre-cum, the males' self lube, can also cause this, so it's not like the guy has to ejaculate for you to avoid being allergic.
Terrible subs.
Me too. I'm not a fan of siege. I don't find it fun as a single player person. Also, I don't like the layout. It's confusing. Finally, I'm not big on the missions being all practice like. Feels boring.
Take him to the quarry by South Holland.
No, I have a degree in health and fitness.
This is awesome. I wish I had this for a short when I was a kid.
I saw this episode of Community, too.
Haha, he looks happy!
Lil dicky is a parody rapper.
And a certified painter.
The marine pog is upset because it's a reserve.
Is asking the same lines of listening to any girl the same age say anything if they've had one semester in college.
Looking good. The only things I see you could do are: Remove your mold lines prior to painting, and maybe use some shading or deeper colors on the spear, shield, and face. They look a little underwhelming/incomplete compared to the rest of the piece.
Well hell, if you already know, then knowing is half the battle. Lol I wish I could see it irl to see the full spectrum! The blending is flawless, man. The wings and branches are just incredible. Btw, love the username.
Fucking dope. Tell me I get to also throw shurikans, and I'm pre-ordering.
Tab is always inventory for me.
Lettuce. It contains 5kcal per leaf. Easy to add to anything, or eat a leaf or 3 on their own.
I've been waiting 6-1/2 years for this day to come.
Rick rolled again!
Yet, there's still teeth on it.
Did... Did you two swap numbers as well?
As long as they don't value poo as gold.
Pffft, n3wbb. &lt;crime/ not true, Mr. Computer. &gt;
Is that what Microsoft edge casks incognito?
Congratulations! Big accomplishment, and thank you for being a good person.
Stop, drop, pop n lock, open up shop, roll around and put the fire out?
Lol yeah, only time I ever see this is in video games when i leave in the pinch hitter/runner after field change.
Lol with the foot clan tag on the alley wall.
I'm with you. I absolutely loved DS2. I went back to 1 after the remaster dropped, but I played demons souls as well as ds and DS2 on the ps3 before replaying them off the ps4. I still like DeS and DaS2 more.
Being threatened to be P.T.ed all night was always scarier to me than mortar attacks and raids in combat. It's such a waste of time, and it's irritating to be doing it because someone thinks you did something wrong, when it just wasn't their exact way to accomplish the mission.
Lol yeah, this is pretty entitled thinking. I know we get burned quite a bit as gamers by the big companies, but this is just as greedy.
I grew up listening to Michael Jackson. I only live a few miles from his childhood house. I love his music, his dancing, the things he did for music, art, and entertainment. However, I'm not going to deny the guy was a super weird, creepy, shady dude, who enjoyed sleeping in beds with little children who weren't his on the regular.
But, muh official a🅱️🅱️le icon.
Inperceptipawl
Indubitably, ditto my upward fellow's inquisition into the damage of said canine's cat bat.
No?
How do you think a medical diagnosis is attained? The boys would have to tell someone, that someone being a therapist, or someone with the authority to diagnose the boy with depression/anxiety. If boys aren't reporting their feelings due to suppression because of how they would be perceived in society, then yes, under representation is occurring.
Callers are standing by?
Damn, that's one Laos back, hippie cat. Stay cool, daddy-o.
The only 40 that shoots 9mm
ATTA BOY, BEAR!
Hey out of my head.
My stomach is in knots just reading this. Is the DFAC open?
I can't pass a FST sober. I have bad ankles and a bad knee from the army. Good thing I don't drink, I can just ask for a breath test with no worry of it ever being over.
Hi Piper!
My body and bed is so ready.
Does that other dick have a hole?
Yeah, this little shit definitely doesn't surf.
I whip my hair back and forth.
Just think, they said that when the compass was invented.
The pledge shift board is up in the cafeteria. Check it out in your way to breakfast. It's omletes and tater tots!
Frisht, I got you muh Frishta.
Reminds me of the paint job Fozzy's Studebaker gets in The Muppet Movie.
Execute with love and peace.
Oak or cedar is wonderful.
This is the buffet place, right?
Letterkenny, bud.
Dummy used predilection twice.
I honestly couldn't be the one to tell you, but the laser will probably still burn out at the same rate as any other that was built around that time.
No, that poor soul actually made that terrible hair design decision. But, she is not part of this picture. So yes, the hair, as well as the entire girl, was photoshopped in.
You deserve your freedom. I hope you obtain it with quickness, and peace.
Sounds sexy. Lllllaser Disc.
What kind of airbrush do you use?
Looks like a clean, and less tattooed Post Malone.
Lol I love when people get the name wrong.
It was called the second city because of its high population, and a fight with NYC to get the Columbian Exhibition in the city.
Doesn't change the fact New Jersey is garbage, and everything that comes out of New Jersey is garbage.
Oh look, another dipshit who didn't read the subreddit rules.
If it's out of calibration and they busy you with it you can have the case thrown out in court. You can also ask to see the calibration report before using it to ensure its within calibration ranges and dates.
Rock of the Marne, Rock of the Marne, Rock of the Marne!
I remember my battalion trying to figure out how to make us do pt while in defensive positions during the 03 invasion. My battalion was full of fucking idiots, starting with the light bird, and his fucky CSM.
Lol, fat tub of lard.
It takes a true idiot to look at the things they were making us do and say, "yes, this all makes sense." I once had to guard a connex box with a fucking baseball bat, on Arifjan in Kuwait, because engineers moved the entire row to do some digging. My unit thought we needed a deterrent to protect our connex box from being moved 20 ft. I should mention my shift with the baseball bat was at 1400, in September. It was fucking hot, and sticky due to the humidity, good thing I want allowed to grab any shade. My unit was full of fucking idiots with even dumber ideas on how to kill Joe's morale.
Huh, look at this big ass cable that's just letting at the bottom of the ocea-iiiiiit!!!
Huh, look at this big ass cable that's just letting at the bottom of the ocea-iiiiiit!!!
SouljaBoy64?
You're the worst.
My take on the Heroes single miniatures, series 1. This is Brother-Sergeant Sevastus. Half his face was ripped off, leaving the eyeball floating.
My take on the Heroes single miniatures, series 1. This is Brother-Sergeant Sevastus. Half his face was ripped off, leaving the eyeball floating.
Lol, this has me giggling every time I watch it. Saving it for when I feel down.
This is... Wow.
Car goes up on a lift, which allows for full deflation of all 4 tires without rim/wheel damage that could occur because of weight on an empty/flat tire.
Are your tpmis nitrogen units?
Paladin, duh.
Muh dunclez.
It was obviously a joke.
Paying £2.1million for a home with dragons all over it.... Yeah man, I'm sure they have a fucking maid to dust for them.
Sounds like those shitty annoying motion sensor halloween toys at Walgreens.
I was trying to figure out when captain America was in the shower, naked, and upside down.
Bangles are quick.
Keep away from the light, Keanu!
TNA
Tatanka was one of my favorites.
My brother's Laotian wife makes these amazing egg rolls. Her family knows me as "Brother Eggroll" because her family makes them so good, I usually end up eating like 20-30. I just saw them yesterday, and my stomach is still full. I love my Asian family in laws. They are awesome.
I had some rice at my in-laws yesterday, it tasted like chocolate was in it. However, they're Laotian, so I'm sure they added chocolate.
Why didn't you hit buy?
Darling
Look at this bunch of hooligans!
Those dress pants are out is reg as well. Way too high.
Petg?
I have a poster signed by Mikey D.
I have my Christmas tree up year round. It's the only plant in my home.
Love UHF
No.
We wasted the good surprise on you!
Well, he is a Redwings fan, so he's obviously not intelligent.
Artificial.
This is amazing.
*unisons comment*
OP is a sick fuck for liking those comments, unless OP is a big fat REPOSTER. I'm not sure which one is worse.
Hey man, he probably used purple loctite. /s
Leave my Hoonicorn alone!
Spares no expense.
This is some serious fucking heresy!
Paw Paw!
It looks like carpet that was pulled one string at a time, or the one that gets caught in the vacuum, and you end up having to replace the carpet in your apartment.
I am dizzy just from reading this.
Botany as well.
S. T. E. A. L. Stealthily take equipment and leave.
Bush terrier.
Me too! Let's start a club.
Disney movie in the making. Live action, or animated.
Oh man, this happened to me once. It was pretty rad.
r/usarmycav
Looks like the fawn from Pan's Labyrinth.
Mean mugging the camera.
Perfect? Do you not see the pant leg that is sticking out about mid way through the closest rack?
That's the 1st weapon I wield. Go big, or go home.
So, why did they look like mall rent-a-cops in the clip instead of the badass super-soldiers you're telling us about?
That's also 27 years ago money, guy.
We've already been over this, it's Danny frickin DeVito.
"I'M A BALL. WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO GET THROWN AROUND HERE? WHEN YOU SEE A BALL, YOU THROW IT. CMON, I'VE FOR THINGS TO DO, KID, JUST TOSS ME AROUND, THE DOG IS GETTING ANTSY."
Yeah, too Greek Mythology.
K is a troll mod, man. No sense engaging him. He loves starting shit. One of the worst mods on this sub. If there's bullshit going down, he's the one who took the dump. Just leave him be.
Fantastic advice, my friend from the GWN.
Croats, represent!
That. Is. Insane. That is just going to lead to even more vaping deaths.
It's a fun time here in Indiana...
But you have medical at least.
She did push it over on purpose.
Cut the dead weight dragging you down, you can only go up.
You're welcome. I used to watch a lot of USA a kid. If see commercials worth him in them all the time. His voice is engrained in my brain more than anyone listen to Geico commercials.
Suddenly $60 for 5 plastic figures I have to paint myself doesn't feel so bad.
OP.... Indiana.... Right?
So, they looked at the post that was made here in r/ps4 last week on the exact same roof and pictures, looked through all the comments, found the stuff they felt made the story the juiciest, and then made a story. Cool.
There's more than corn in Indiana!
I thought the exact same thing. Good call. I love that place.
Alcohol based acrylic.
Citadel makes a substance called "contrast medium". Using this you can add small amount of their regular base or layer color to make a glaze. This glaze is what you want to use, not their washes. Citadel used to make glazes, but since they came out with contrasts they stopped making them. The Tamiya clears are fun to mess with as well, and cheaper, but far less colors than using Citadel contrast medium and making your own glazes.
Getting good without spending time takes time. That's all there is to it. Watch some YouTube videos from people like Miniac, and take notes of their techniques. Watch how they hold their brushes with their hands, try to judge how much pressure is being applied, the fluidity. See how when they paint different parts like large flat areas they go quickly while not worrying where the paint goes since it's just paint and the minor details are where the time is really going to be spent. You said you're new, you just need to pick up techniques, and then learn how to apply them. That's all. It's just that it takes time to do that.
I always think "collon-all"
Throw it in a dumpster.
It's a *decanter,* mom
Wendy's chocolate Frosty.
Man, I'm only 36,and I constantly feel like I'm picking out my coffin everyday. My life always feels more than half over.
Sounds like r/ps3
Don't confuse name brand logo for series brand logo.
That's absolutely false. They made the ps4 easy as possible to program this generation. It was a big point during the engineering process since all the game producers complained about it last generation. They even state it in multiple interviews when talking about the creation of the ps4.
Send grandma to the store with the knowledge that the game console was either some kind of animal bug thing, or some kind of Greek God. Yes, they will absolutely walk out with the correct system, and games for said system.
Xbox420
Devil's, islanders, oilers, or Nashville. Only teams I get put on in 300 simulations.
It's great. There is also a black one this has a low and high fan setting, or single and dual fan setting. I have that one. It's slightly lower than an airbrush compressor when running, but does great at drawing the particulate into the filter. If you're using acrylic airbrush paint it collects pretty much all the particulate without needing to actually vent out a window. I use dryer sheets with cheese cloth over the sheets held on by binder clips to help collect any particles that may possibly escape instead of putting it out a window as well.
Trust me when I say you're filets can last a very long time. The blue filter is fine to get painted up. The real filter is the secondary behind the tougher blue one, which is a softer white one.
There's also 8 pillars total. I'm really sure 1 being hit will not cringe the entirety of the structure.
It was fully rebuilt for a second time in 1981. I'm sure it's up to code.
Coughing gets fixed when we get AI teammates... So, next game I guess. You know when the title gets updated.
Draw that shit on!
Weirdest Lion King ripoff ever.
AR-Kansas
Look so you call it the at or the at-4? Do you call it the m or the m4? Do you call it the m or the m9 Beretta? Do you call it the f or the f-22? Do you call it the f or the f-35? It's pretty important to give more than just 2 letters when talking about a vehicle.
The only thing that stopped us in Iraq and Afghanistan from going postal, and using 10 years of ordinance in 30 minutes on 0 day is the fact actual war wasn't declared. If congress would have greenlit actual war against Afghanistan and Iraq or forces wouldn't have to hold back, wouldn't have to win hearts and minds, wouldn't have to be so careful, and wouldn't be handed a new ROE card every 12 fucking hours in a warzone while going on no sleep, and doing mout through basra. Real shit would hit the fan, and the wrath of the US military would actually be used to its full potential.
New heart. Ex broke last one.
I know a lot about this program! Not from being an inmate, though. When you show you have really good behavior you can apply to have a pretty cat. You usually have to have a job in the prison (barber, gardener, license plates, painter, fire fighter, maintenance, plumber, custodian, etc) so you could pay for the cat's food, litter, and vet bills. Those are the guys who don't ever give the COs trouble. They want to do their time and get out, or just do their time peacefully. Those guys don't get messed with by the COs or the other inmates. Like another person said, the cats are respected, and welcomed by everyone. Breaks a lot of tension and lifts a lot of hearts.
At least then it'll always be new and exciting.
Kane Hodder?
Promote OP ahead of peers.
This is an amazing study. I hope it produces some great battalion commanders.
Croats unite!
was.uring
I thought you put it on your feet with your socks before bed too get rid of a cold?
Do not give up your 100% VA Disability.
Carhartts are only about $35.00. 2 pairs can last you a week. 3 definitely. When you get the chance start buying maybe 1 pair a week. Over 5 weeks. You'll be sets for a few years after the 5 weeks.
Smoking causes dry sockets easily with wisdom teeth removal, which hurts way more, and takes longer to heal. Good idea on listening to that advice. He did go to medical school after all.
Talk to her, tell her how you're feeling. If you can't talk to your wife about how you feel in your marriage then something is wrong. Ask her if she finds you attractive. Ask what you can do to make things better. Tell her how you feel about it. Good couples talk, great couples listen.
Use some from new roll, and put it back, leave single square on roll for her next time.
They have small genitalia. But seriously, I have no idea why. It's infuriating since this could be a question a lot of people have. Don't let it keep you down, some people are just assholes.
Addiction.
This is because they are both from Spain.
Kwazy Kupcakes can be addicting.
We have 30 of them in America.
Is this what we're doing now? We're going to shit post all day, every day, every post?
If not him, it would have been some full bird, or 2 star.
Stop OP, you're gonna upset that sens-E-tiv bucknuttet, who is worried we're gonna get in trouble with the reddit hall monitors.
Syracuse, Indiana? Illinois? New York? Ohio? Florida? California?
I did as well. I loved it for the cool sound of could make.
NUT TAPPERS!
You can't put army the warrant.
Yeah, I've never seen a fit warrant except for a few pilots of crew chiefs. That's about it.
Why are you the way you are?
Flu is a virus.
Not as a backup? Lol good luck.
Sounds like the UK is a shit place to live, kind of like California.
California doesn't have Castle Doctrine. You can go to jail for shooting an intruder in your own home. They can sue you, and win. Other states have the same. Some states don't give a fuck about your liberties.
Oh, damnit. Yeah. I messed up. Thanks. I'll delete this here.
Knew a cadet who got an ARCOM for running over a Joe in the field who was sleeping in front of the hummer.
It's okay, it's for the altitude.
I see 1 photo. Where's the other 20?
5 more to .500!
Sooooo dirty, in only the best ways. Shot so sick I just got the flu.
The NCO corps only grows from the non rated. Look no further than the Joes to your left and right to realize who needs to start English classes.
Arlington was built on General Lee's homestead.
Vallejo makes a metallic medium. Mix with black acrylic of your choosing. Boom. Metallic black.
They talking about black mold, man. Anytime someone is getting displaced they hope you understand it's not because someone left a cheese sandwich in the fridge too long. Rather, they would hope you can surmise its one of the bad molds that's hazardous to live in the vicinity they're of said mold.
Don't get my hopes up.
... You use the radiator as a collection device for your heat like your fins dissipating heart to the outer edges, away from the core. Then you use the fan as a pulling device, to pull the heat away from the radiator. Finally you have another, final fan to blow back out, not only reducing the temp on the way out from the first fan, but quickly by creating a vortex. For another level, as a first fan at the very front to draw cool air in to cool the ambient air to what the radiator is in. *I have no idea if this will actually work, I think I took an edible, and now I can see like Leonardo DaVinci. Strange things are afoot at the Circle K.
&gt;His house and property Do you know what a homestead is?
I'm the one who doesn't know what's going on, but thinks the models are cool, and likes owning the paints.
Notice me senpai, notice me.
Dude's been in the desert for 40 days and 40 nights.
Lane will be named after these two. Mark my words.
One of my best friends is/was a rigger he got out about 2 years ago maybe.
When someone is madlad enough to pay a picture, the mods be damned!
Close the dog door. Then they can't go outside without you knowing they're stealing your shit!
OP, what weird fucking subs you visiting, man?
... They didn't find his wallet. That is a false narrative. That never happened.
Don't get pets.
They're called the Ghostbusters, and they're in control
Not with that attitude.
No one asked!
Pretty wholesome post overall.
What gun? All I see is a clothes hanger.
This hit me right in the PTSD.
Debbie Does Dallas - The Novel
Hey man, I got bubs to rehearse for.... Or something... CSM and the bird want their coffee hot.
A single burst at that dB is fine. It's continuous noise at that level of higher that can damage hearing.
Crispus Attucks would not stand for such bullshit.
Murder house? Makes any 350K house drop 150k in price quick. I'd say keep your eye out for them deals.
Col Colonel might have something to say about that.
Welcome!
TAKE ME HOOOOOOOOME
I'm pretty translucent from being a shut-in. My skin kind of looks like the color of the water at the beginning when the pressure is really high, and all the bubbles are still going, and it's all cloudy, but white, and it hasn't settled yet.
What about watered-up crotch?
Is Ft. Polk now located in Pawnee, Indiana? That must be the new Sweetums flavored water.
Moonshine is a helluva hooch.
Every history book I had in school had a section at the end of each chapter literally called "Thinking Critically" where it posed like, 3 or 4 questions for the students to look at from different perspectives, and discuss in groups or write out as homework to turn in. That was a public school book in the mid 90s, in the mid-west. Not like it was being hidden for only certain people to use to enhance their level of education.
Need to use a VPN.
Thank you. I was trying to figure out why it couldn't be for just evaporation reduction.
I love this type of stuff. Makes me happy to see such ludicrous things thought up.
One is the loneliest number.
I thought he was just as annoying as frodo. I was hoping he'd die as well.
Wixerd
This makes me happy.
Ah, good discount if bought together I see.
Have you not seen the last 7 movies?
I said I'll be back.
3-5-3, 5-7-5, 7-9-7, 13-15-13, they're all haikus.
I'd call it a "Parrot Tail" if I was the one who had to name it anything.
Wtf is with Pvt Turtle Nochin in the front left there?
This have my ssg tummy a chuckle jiggle.
Is this sum weird Kelvin to Mermite units conversion trick yer tryin to pull on me, hippie?
No, I meant Canada, Kentucky.
That metal roof will keep you more dry than tree branches when it rains.
Bro, Thunder Bay *is too* a real place!
It's almost like the USA created an amendment for that entire purpose... To oppose a tyrannical government. Just be sure it's your last option.
My ex did this shit to me. Drove me nuts.
Maybe she's not dead, but has been held somewhere until recently, and she's under care?
10 years of bombing before landing on a planet will make it look like that.
Nothing in an airbrush is held together with glue.
Judging by [this diagram here](https://images.app.goo.gl/p4hmvpM2HeaX8K2A6) you need a small o-ring seal. You should be able to order one for like 4 dollars on Amazon.
MILK FOR THE KHORNE FLAKES!
Not enough competent people to teach it at company level even if they could make it hands on and practical.
They will never make a real next gen game. They still practically haven't worth current gen.
The camera would shake from the screaming. It was awesome
Best Grinch smile ever.
Smoooooooooth blends.
Glue, the kind that gets you high. Buy low sell slightly higher.
My back hurts watching that. I'm so glad he's able to do that. So damn jealous!
I for sure thought Apple would have been top brand
Thanks Geico.
He ended up with the best person of all, himself.
In the air is different than on the ground. Different rules apply to the airlines. I know they're supposed to be looking at changing the rules about ESAs on airlines, but it's more so just to narrow down what animals will actually be allowed as actual ESAs in the eyes of the FAA. More-so as-to: being allowed to travel in cabin vs with carriage, and if fees should apply (Esa yes, SA no).
Is this some Wishmaster x Leprechaun shit?
Lol my unit had the same thing happen in 02. Fucking sweet not knowing what you were doing, or when you were coming home.
I just got ptsd I didn't even know I had.
I can't afford $22.00 in paints daily, mad lad.
Wondering why the guy next to him is giving the koala his breakfast.
Than each other.
Who won?
Need more ammo
NEED. MORE. AMMO.
32...she's lived a rough life.
I heard our (05-07, 3.7 WKs) rear axles have some sort of gear that replaces if a different tire size is used? Don't know if that's something to look into, or if it applies at all in any way in your case.
Great, now I have a case of the giggles.
Can't lie, I like the before kitchen minutes the floor a lot more. Can't stand white cabinets, or country kitchens. They look cheap and gaudy, but as long as the homeowner is happy, that's all that matters.
We know the console reveal is coming soon. Stop with these dumb posts.
Why would I only want 1 weapon?
Pull from the back forward. No puke on your face.
That's what I was asking about. Nowhere in the post does it say it's optional, or a mode. It just says you can only have one weapon. Knowing Ubisoft this just seemed like a thing they would do to the regular mode because they are giant morons.
Nah, just thrown the whole thing away while it's still built. Then build the new one.
Yeah, I was just browsing my front page, saw this weird ass title, read the post, and realized there are some people who need serious mental help; to need a post like this, and to post a post like this.
No, I know them by having an opinion I can have of them after seeing how they fail task after task they put before themselves. They are shooting them ownselves in the foot pretty well. This game was never meant for a real release. This game is still broken, gets even more bugs every "update", doesn't actually fix previous bugs, fails to deliver on promises, works on other content that can be used for micro transactions rather than fix core game play, and a multitude of other issues. What exactly is it I don't know about these clowns? What pertinent information are you privy to that no one else does that absolves Ubi of this clusterfuck of a mess?
Go to Twitter, check out Ted Cruz's fucking Twitter.
Well, can't argue with that.
0 to 60 through my digestive system.
It's not.
No, it isn't. The stock email on an android devise is called "email". You have to choose to use the Gmail client.
43.2 kips... 21.6 tons.... Divided by 2.
Outside skulls to inside skulls must be at a ratio of 3:1.
What a goofball.
If you go the Badger route, beats the small cup size. Prussia, it's a pretty nice brush. I've had mine for over a year. The PPS needle it comes with is great for small precise work, as well as being able to covering a full mini. I have a 105, and a 105 extreme. Mainly so I can have a small and regular cup size, as well as having different needle sizes.
I hate QTEs
What ui/hud mod is that?
But I like FF4 on snes. It's my favorite FF.
This isn't it at all. This is the [Gadsden Flag](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gadsden_flag). Please take a moment to read about it.
the VA wants to use MDMA to help us vets with PTSD. We already know cannabis works. I don't even know what to think anymore.
What kind of easy ass homework is this?
I think they'd just switch to regular bullets to appease the protesters Sub sides.
Pornhub begs to differ.
This is some straight to IG shit right here.
The box for my printer makes a fine printer stand.
Mr PT can go fuck himself.
Are we talking about racism and hate against all races here? Because that would be nice.
I do believe all of these statues have plaques that give history lessons on them. They could have just been changed to include the seedy underlying side of the man as well. Would have been a much better way to tackle the issue.
Yep, completely normal.
Metallics always leave behind flakes that take longer to clean out of your airbrush. Just give it a more thorough cleaning, also, try spraying your metallics at the end of your sessions, or, if you want to be really picky and use metallics a lot pick up another brush specifically for metallics.
No way that truck could be running for 30 years or something!
That's how I started. Humble beginnings brings about the best in our work.
I was being sarcastic.
From these 3 panels or appears they do. This is hilarious.
Biology is not an opinion. It's science. It's facts.
This guy's whole channel is awesome.
This is correct protocol army wide, no joke.
I've never been so happy to be S3.
In the Indiana Guard we recerted annually. It was mandatory to stay up to deployment status.
Do they still do 7d2d?
Thank you!
And 2013!
Yeah, but they have to pay royalties to the NBA players for their likenesses in the game, who are greedy motherfuckers.
Think if they had 4 or 5 games that had online play modes to eat up money like that. Rdr2 has gold bars.
Rdr2 on next gen will probably be a surprise holiday release for a stocking stuffer, or a January grab. Just watch.
Works just fine for cod.
And you know they won't drop 6online right away. They'll wait a couple months so people play through the main game a couple times, getting a real feel for it first, chomp the bit some. Using that strategy.
I need to make more fuggin money in online. There's barely anyone to rob, and when you do, shit is worth way less than in single player. The economy is still fucked.
Looks like my brand new m4 by the end of my first tour.
28k is decent?
Why are the comments getting deleted? This is some serious news that's being filtered.
You just got treated equally by him. Amazing.
Vanilla pound cake or mint chocolate chip brownie with peanut butter on top. Best dessert you can make in the field. Fuck that ranger pie shit.
Thank you for wanting to be a part of our country. I hope you are able to live your dreams. Welcome to America, American.
What the fuck is this abomination?
A Toronto newspaper reporting on people smoking crack in Florida? Did they finally run out of former Mayor Ford smoking crack with hooker stories?
My only complaint is that it's hot.
Why doesn't snap on just sell a 10 pack replacement set of just 10mm? Charge 350.00 for it. Make bank.
Not even that. He worked in a patent office and would just straight steal people's work he found interesting, and would make slight changes to finish it first. He's a thieving cunt.
I think it's funny when people think Russia is a part of Europe, and not Asia.
The largest land mass is in Asia. In fact, the entire country is in Asia, so, you know, geography and all.
LeBron would all of a sudden get a cramp guarding him and have to be carried off the court.
Sounds like shitty British engineering.
Fuck taking this thing apart for cleaning. What a pain in the ass. Firing it sure is fun though.
If someone didn't put the thing together exactly right it turns into a useless hunk of metal.
THE VOLUME MIX OF THIS VIDEO IS TERRIBLY LOUD
Fuuuuuuck you for gang!
You don't even get your diploma at graduation. It comes in the mail later.
You know, I get it. You want to get your word heard. But shutting down interstate traffic is the most selfish way to accomplish the goal. It also makes sure people hate your cause.
You have the right to assemble peacefully to protest. You do not have the right to interfere with others' safety and daily lives while protesting.
Blocking a highway is safer? What kind of drugs are you on?
Yeah, not firing his weapon until the assailant fired any kind of weapon at them was good training. You can't ask for better training. They didn't pump the guy with a full magazine, they only used reactionary force, and that was after the assailant decided to not continue with the fst, steal a police weapon, resist arrest, and flee. No matter the color of your skin, how much money you have, which way the wind was blowing on Wednesday at 2:30 in the afternoon in 1977, it's not going to matter. You're getting shot.
Working for CSA I imagine.
Yeah, and we've only been through 5 and a half.
This link is not blue. I have no idea why this link is not blue.
You know that 'shoot ain't opening.
This is a trail path. The stop sign is for everyone on the trail. They are to stop and only cross when allowed to do so.
Weird, when someone gives the same reasoning for telling someone to get the fuck out of America they get told to fuck off. The dichotomy is palatable.
A tie off for the ladder to the beam. To secure the ladder from sway. If you enlarge the picture you see a woman on a ladder in the background with a harness on, with both the ladder tied off, and her harness tied off.
Anything will turn to shit without proper care, maintenance, and inspection.
At least you drink. I stopped because I'm an alcoholic. Being sober through life sucking is so much harder.
Next year, stupid
People selling their BP copies, and buying Wildlands would show them what people want.
I have never been more suicidal in my life. Seriously. I've called the veterans crisis hotline quite a few times. There is just no escape from how much suck is going on daily.
Soap, shampoo, conditioner, and old sweat.
Did you know yardstick want just flag day, but also the army's birthday? I know that because I was in the army, but if you looked at my local newspaper you wouldn't know either because neither was in the paper at all. Some things just don't get talked about, and it's common for some period to not know about certain holidays when we have so many for any and everything.
I can't wait for comments like these to actually cancel people 20 years from now when gingers riot for equality, and to stop people from saying they don't have souls. The hilarity will be immense.
I am tired of being tethered to my controller. It's annoying, and I always just about to the cord out of the controller because I forget it's there, or it gets wrapped around my knee, or some other shit. Cords are supposed to be a thing of the past for christ sakes.
Do you have statistics for this? Other than some Wikipedia article? Also, you have seen the news articles about semis just driving through protestors on highways, right?
They just want you to hit it quick, and pass them that motherfucker without looking like a weak dick in turn making them look like a punk for bringing your bitch ass the session.
Maybe by 12th edition they'll bring them back for more space marine models
Uh, you actually do need figures to show why people wouldn't buy nhl for pc. That's the whole point of business statistics and market analytics. I hate saying this, but you are a moron.
You don't know anything about what happened in this exact situation, do you? I suggest you look into the situation, and why he had to shoot someone... One of the 5 protestors attacking him.
It was always rock hard from humidity seeping into the container.
When you spray you're not really soaring as much as you are doing short bursts.
Ditto, that click is awesome. Creamy blends, dude.
Just nba2k20
Hi Trans, I'm Dad.
Anatolians are stubborn. If you give them too much lead they'll make the decision for you. They are natural herders, and those instincts never leave. Keep him close, and be sure to assert the lead. They are used to being the ones in charge, and mostly on their own.
Might want to add a "Y" to the end of that name.
The look of concern on that seal's face is funny.
Kipping is disgusting.
All of those substances you talked about are highly addictive in nature. They're is no easy moderation. If you used them for a few weeks straight you can easily become dependant.
That's weird, because I made that.
You can tell because of the pixels.
Hi, Marv!
Send it back. Faulty unit, and it's not worth it to repair on your end. The time and tools you'd need, plus the parts would cost the same if not more than buying new... from a better company.
Our they could just let you go to the board and see if you're mentally capable of leading soldiers and doing your job, or if you're just a pt stud moron toxic piece of shit.
This is my favorite.
Doesn't the isopropyl gunk up the Vallejo paint?
A lot of those could go for good cash. People collect them. If they are in good condition you might be able to find someone who collects from decades past.
Well, I'm not doing that. Just not going to buy or play the game at all. I have a service dog. I'm not about to think about doing so in a game, especially if they said I could avoid doing so.
If he ain't got a sub 12 he ain't shit, and should immediately be chaptered.
Might as well
I try not to watch hot garbage movies, with lousy acting, so I'm unaffected by this.
For every other flag, there's mastercard.
Every message ends with some stupid quote from some asshole geek philosopher that's out of context, or Gandalf.
She'll still win against him in a one-legged ass kicking contest.
The code for this game must be a fucking mess.
3 time Stanley Cup Champion Patrick Sharp.
I said this a few minutes ago, but think of how much of a mess this code must be since all they do is stack more code on top of code, and never actually remove shit? I don't think they'd know where to start when looking for bugs, and that's why they haven't fixed them.
Quicker you cut the lawn the faster you get back to drinking beer.
Beer? In cans? In front of the house? With an *HOA*!? Are you *trying* to get kicked out of the neighborhood?!
Yep that's her. Got me good.
But how do I get through college without a new MacBook and iPhone every year?
Biology and ecology? Brother, that's entomology.
Technically biology is just a subgenre science. You want to do this dumb shit all day?
Someone was too quick with applying their washes.
Same reason the other side is lighter; people tail their hand, either before or after to ensure they touch the dog. But I'm sure to also touch the lady's rear end. Heh.
My Pizza Hut had the Arcade NARC game for about 13 years. I played the shit out of that game from grade school to high school.
Why do we have to label each other in the first place? Isn't that the first step in segregation?
How loud were those bong rips to hear them a few houses away? Lol
I feel this one.
I joined December 2010. Been a member ever since.
How much alcohol and product did you use?
Must be out of calibration. Blame qc for not validating and updating the sticker.
[it varies from state to state in America. ](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/061214/real-estate-flipping-8-disclosures-you-must-make.asp)
How long did that tinnicture last you, if you don't mind me asking?
Lol yeah, except the way they burned bridges with twitch. I hope twitch bans them all.
Industrial cleaner
iApp Launcher Plus+ Promax
Yeah, but any android product will work with any other product on the market, more expensive or cheaper. There's so many more options. Apple only gives you limited options. It's a small ecosystem.
Are you retarded?
I glued a safety pin to my palm in 6th grade and my bitch of an English/Social Studies teacher flipped her shit saying I was piercing my skin. She said it was mutilation and I needed to go to the office at that moment. She was crazy as fuck.
This movie is highly overrated.
It's gonna be on the last day, isn't it?
That's not true. At all.
So sad.
Yeah, but would change the ladder falling on the car?
Don't get me started on the accident ratio when fuzzy dice are found hanging from the mirror.
Do death korps of Krieg have morale checks, and if they fail, do they just run into battle to be killed anyway?
THE GUARD DOES NOT BREAK
Looks new to them. Now give them their 60 dollars US.
Acid.
It's so true. :(
What about "bad actor" mods? We need a way to report them easily to admins. We also need a way to transparently see when "bad actor" admins are being dealt with. Stop acting like this doesn't go all the way to the top, or isn't a problem with power users/ power mods. You're not fixing anything by banning subreddits when the mods will just create new ones.
Wish they'd replace with a block of wood. More would get done, and answered.
Coworkers, or OP just doing it for clout and karma?
And then a numerical number for how many times.
This entire this is cringe. Also, so is that subreddit and their pompusness.
That gas mileage though.
