That's disingenuous. Lots of those other fields (social science, business, etc) have classes padded out with crap that nobody cares about. Likewise students in a 4-year program usually have a lot of room to pick electives that nobody cares about. And the average student who is only going to school to check their box and get their degree will take the easiest most nebulous classes they can. Yes, they're taking a lot of "fill in the blank" studies which are based entirely on discussion and a couple papers the professor won't read closely. They aren't taking classes where they develop hard transferable skills.
Huh. You're kind of angry. I guess you can see the truth behind what I'm saying and need to defend yourself. Obviously the average student mainly cares about checking the box and that's it. Your denial immediately discredits any other ideas you have.
Yeah when I want to work with my kids to build a house or something out of their giant mixed parts bag there's so few bricks. Lots of plates, studs, wheels, doors, tail fins, and what not
LOL. I can imagine the parental fun you're having. You're willing to shut off your own wifi so the kid doesn't have it.
I feel your exasperation man, good luck. Old fashioned timer sounds like a simple solution as long as the kid can't change it on you.
Quick $100?
You want to recognize my balls? . . . OK
Can you provide a diagram? Possibly narrated by Neil Degrasse Tyson?
Start your own shop. Hire two guys. Promise them a cut of all the money that comes in.
But But But Brenda Snipes
Aliens aren't real, but bat boy is
Californians can't stop fracking in California?
Apparently Californians need to tell North Dakotans to care about earthquakes in their own state?
They don't post on reddit
*read a vandalized Wikipedia article and assumed it was correct*
Same here, my Dad is always ranting about the stuff he reads all day on huffington post and common dreams and I'm like Dad, nobody believes that crap, its a tabloid
Hobbies are what you do while waiting for the important things to happen
Dab is my favorite brand of caulks and adhesives
Lego doesn't need special storage conditions like wine and paintings do. Lego appreciates in value because most people who have them, don't value them, and throw it out. Then the kids who used to love LEGO become engineers and have a lot of disposable income and nostalgia for things that are hard to find.
Triggered
Not national, but still US.
mid- and late-stage socialism
Imagine a system where you can be a sexy millionaire with a hundred slaves...for a day... but in exchange you're a slave for 99 days... and then you get your next day of being the millionaire... etc.
Interesting. Giving people their money back is looting.
My kids school will give lunches on credit. Even if the kid has a lunch from home. So if your kid decides they don’t like their sandwich they can get chicken fingers and bullshit from the cafeteria. It’s a bill I refuse to pay.
Like Io?
No, he meant the dog is not phase shifted so we shouldn't worry about destructive interference Why don't you understand science beyond the junior undergraduate level?
What if we put a BMW badge on the donkey's forehead?
Eh, would I prefer peace and quiet and possibly subpar pizza, or be living in a youtube comment thread?
Maybe you should try soy milk
Probably someone filled the tank with kerosene and lit it up
Why you giving away the secrets of my tools? The quantum snap-on man is going to |0&gt;&lt;1| you.
I wanted to get the preventative treatment for cancer but they wouldn't pay it now I caught cancer and I'm gonna sue
I couldn't find the emoji for two lesbian parents taking shots and getting pissed because the Patriots lost so I couldn't report my abuse
I nearly died after the Super Bowl asshole
But what if Briggs was going to retire the next day after his fatal last call, and his retirement gift was a carbon monoxide detector?
Because if you have a shop vac you also have an extension cord that meets your needs.
The very first transfer of resources from rural to urban people. What did people do before 1933? Urban people didn't have a retirement plan because they had tiny apartments and no land to grow food on nor could hunt. Rural people always have a retirement plan, because they have land and can grow and can food and hunt.
It should blow everyone's mind. The internet in general is a modern world wonder.
No. Poor people used to live in multigenerational homes and the younger would take care of the older. That was the retirement plan. Go look up your own historical records. I'm sure you'll find some source material to confirm your bias.
It'd be interesting to see a breakdown of urban poor vs rural poor and see who has "more" money/resources. But definitely the urban poor have more access to social services etc. just be dint of being physically close to almost anything you could need.
Oooh edgy, and burden of proof is on you.
"salt, enzymes &lt; 1%; water &gt; 99%; oxidizer" "Should I check the toxic checkbox?" "Yeah, just to be careful"
Man when the rules of this sub are to encourage shitposting you aren't kidding. Mattis lasted longer as SecDef than many of Obama's (yes, he had multiple!) Chief of Staff is an internal position to white house, not sure why anyone really cares. Attorney General was recently vacated and will be reappointed soon. Having a gap is not unusual nor is it a real problem for functioning of government. Stock market is down since interest rates are going up (which all financial people agree had to happen; it was historically way way too low for the last 10 years). Stock market is still way up since Trump took office.
Oh so that's why there's no more Israeli-Palestinian conflict
&lt;citation needed&gt;
&lt;got my A you mad lads, didn't even need to study&gt;
Oh good, found the "weather is definitely climate" argument
Oh, I'm sure you have a lot of free time
Are you deaf?
Persuasive stuff, maybe you too can write a book
Can't prove a negative. So the burden is on you.
Proof?
Huh it was disemboweled
If by "short term", you mean probably for the next 100 years before a real change is observed, and by "business" you mean the consumption habits of 300 million Americans who aren't used to living without plane and car travel, then sure.
But why did he go to George Lucas' igloo for help?
We LOVE endless war in the middle east
My colostomy bag? I guess I'm done with it
And they WANT us there, they always have
Yes, it had grape healthcare
Would you like fries with that?
Are you making the mold out of tungsten carbide?
Girl or boy?
Then DIE
OK I've got nothing now, good night
No I took my anti-seizure pills, thanks though
Maybe even right behind you
At least you're getting stuff. I pay for pensions for cops and state workers who worked 30 years ago and have long since moved to Florida.
This needs to go on the sidebar
If everyone donated $3 to me you'd see less of me
GINGIVITIS WINS
I is/was a power user who did all my shit on Linux and PC etc. I used to have the spare time to get shit to work and do cool stuff. But then I have more work to do and more family stuff to do and tinkering is way down on my priority list. Apple shit just works together way better. I don't fight with calendar syncing or wifi anymore. I can push video to and from any device in the house and its awesome. And I still have a bash shell underneath when I really want it.
Money represents the value of a person's time and effort
Help, your'e feeling oppressed
Never skip pube day
Oh my, that is so completely rational and always true. My only question is: whose dick should I suck to get out of this Soviet labor camp?
You searched the web for like 2 hours to find a caterpillar? You're like the worst spider ever
Yes, when Democrats discovered how to invent and move goal posts the media narrative changed in the way they needed it to
Still a better love story than Rampart
Shit, she gets a day at the LEGO store and out to eat in Manhattan, not bad
Its very easy for a store to post their hours on an electronic screen, why don't they?
At some point the government is going to say they won't pay for that. Its an incredible use of resources that could be spent on people that can eventually support themselves.
You're right about all that -- but by far increased administration is the biggest cost driver. Studies have shown that the number of tenure-track faculty is FLAT, even with growing student bodies. The growing number of adjunct and non-TT faculty to take that extra load are relatively low cost. But those administrators? They all make 6 figures. And they all have a staff. And they all have a big office space. Sure, they do stuff. But its stuff that we got by without in the 70s somehow.
There's a lot of migrant Mexican farm labor in Maine. You likely wouldn't even know it though unless you visit farms.
Who knew I was on my way to California to sit in a hooverville
We look forward to Congress not fucking things up for a few days
But he was so articulate
Crossgates has better parking and better food than downtown
I've been thinking of getting rid of my plat because I wasn't getting the value from it but here's a new perk
Something something red woman something something bring me my plot stretcher
While you're worried if an interpretation is too simplistic or not, the Marxists aren't. The boot is already on your neck.
No, you're drunk. Cinnamon buns are stationary in both hemispheres.
You're perfectly sane but you're gonna get downvoted :)
Would you like my Nabisco® Avocaaado TOST(™) ? Only $4.99 and comes with free wifi
Boomers provide mind control now, got it.
Cool
25% savings rate is quite good and higher than historical averages. If you want more you should seek more income.
I'm not really sure what your point is. If you want a better job, yes, you can develop new skills. Or you can look around because some employers definitely pay more for the same job than others. You have to take some risk, even a small one, to grow and succeed. It doesn't sound like you are comfortable with that.
Photoshop genius Do you take commissions?
You need to give the donors a free taste and then they'll come back and that's when you get their donation
Fortunate Son on infinite loop
I'm sure you don't
The opening to the fuel tank is conveniently the size of half-dollar coins
So did you climb up and walk down, or walk up and fall down?
Yeah repelling is better, your camera probably wouldn't pick up any frames of LED color changing if you just jumped
Real Tomato Ketchup, Eddie?
Sure, but this isn't about economics to he/them as it is about power
Yes
I've cited this conversation in a peer-reviewed publication
Yes, they get paid to promote and develop these anti-intellectual activities.
Ugh isn't the choice card garbage? The bonus is barely worth it, like 1 or 2 free hotel nights in a comfort inn? And I drive a lot of places where choice is the main hotel group to pick from
Answers will arrive the following day
If the Middle East's oil becomes unused and unsold, those countries will start wars as they violently seek to gain more resources and hold on to power
I wanted more detail on the tax disputes. Money is the real power, forget this midichlorian bullshit
There's plenty of naturally occurring fluorescent minerals
Hey if you want to use beanbag as your one point of pride... I guess, go nuts
Yes, Cornhole does sound dumb
The 400-level seminar is held each evening 8-9Pm on the nights before you 8AM.
Make sure you give yourself the easiest and most desired teaching assignment and time slot. This will make sure you have the time and energy to direct everybody else each day. If you have any new hires coming in, make sure you find the assistant professor you hired last year to be required to serve as their mentor who must attend all of their classes for teaching evaluations. This will help your new colleagues form a strong bond of friendship that will help your department come together.
1 week later ATTENTION EMPLOYEES All doors must remain firmly open at all times from now on. Thank you.
So companies focus on helping billions instead of helping a few
Yeah, you're response says a lot
True, when I need ibuprofen for my headaches I am at the whims of a few wealthy shareholders
Clown world
Yeah I keep my phone in my pocket for situations just like this
"Titleist - nice"
Good place for ignorant folks, eh
Poland, Ethiopia, Algeria, Austria - beautiful, can't wait to go back
Which knob do I turn?
I think its very humane for humans to eliminate pests, it makes the lives of humans better
Ankers fish fry
Yet nobody has stepped up to specify in what country you hand in a BA
open your eyes and seeeee
You hit on something that's so hard to imagine now - in 2001, internet news was still not really there. No twitter, facebook, etc. Just websites which weren't super expansive or quickly updated. Google wasn't even a dominant search engine. Nowadays if something like 9/11 happened probably 50% of the US population would know within 5 minutes. Back then, even though I was in in the same time zone and very much at work I didn't hear about it for an hour and lots of people didn't hear about it for longer than that.
Watches someone else fuck up the fight against the aliens for three quarters, and then at the last minute they summon Big Dick Nick who saves the day
OP, you can answer this question yourself, I've seen your Mom doing porn for years now
What you skipping class for fool?
BRING ME MY OXFORD COMMA STRETCHER
Do you need to have grates to count as a grill?
I'm having trouble picking which one is illegal
I could start beating the shit out of those jack holes at the campground as a prophylactic
About 8 - 10 sexual encounters with the woman
You should get in touch with the Council for Undergraduate Research (CUR). They run workshops all the time in all different fields (lots of science) on how to do exactly what you want. Great networking. Join up, get added to their mailing list, whatever it takes.
Government monopoly = there's no profit incentive for anybody to develop more offices, cut prices, get more efficient and provide more/better service. Ethel just sits on her ass in middle of nowhere while everyone has to come to her.
Its also such a dumb comparison. One obviously mentally ill person sets fire to themselves is not any kind of interesting broach of power. The protests in tiny Hong Kong are.
They’re going to make you read /r/politics
Any? Go post it in Twox and you’ll see... a diversity ... of opinions on this
Are we talking nalgene or Aquafina?
"You think I just had a stroke, Allyson?"
So why include the welfare issue at all in the study?
LOL. Why do people keep getting the vapors over every dumb thing Trump says? Everyone knows.
This is trivially true for almost any substance. Take your scaremongering somewhere else.
Its very realistic that the ATM networks/banks are down but people are still alive and trying to get groceries/repairs while not rioting and looting. You need money to peacefully deal with people. What OP suggested is perfectly reasonable.
You're breaking the rules. You're not supposed to be self-aware
that's a good rule of thumbscrew
I think the millennium falcon is more famous
U is only allowed as the symbol for oscillator potential energies. You use L for gravitational potential energy near the earth's surface.
Its not sad at all that you need money to live. There are basically two ways that people have dealt with scarcity of resources over the course of history. Violence and money. If the alternative is violence, then money is a very happy thing to deal with!
You have a hard time making small talk don’t you?
Reddit comment/sub drama is so, so stupid. When you make it obvious you care so much about that stuff what you're really showing is that you have nothing else going on in your life.
Data?
So more skyscrapers in San Francisco. Even if you need to tear down a pretty historic building and block somebodies ocean view.
You have to find the correct electron. But this is hard because electrons are indistinguishable. So you just throw a bunch of wrenches all at once and hope they constructively interfere in the right place.
Hey can you turn the dawnzer on for me?
Yeah this tenured guy is suddenly feeling the same feels every adjunct deals with.
South Jersey, not between Philadelphia and NYC
I don't have suction cup fingers like geckos
Ah so Academia is the real cash cow I see
Eh not really There's maybe 400 or so college sports coaches that get these salaries (mens basketball and football, maybe some in hockey or women's basketball) But there's a hundred thousand faculty members out there, easily. They don't make big bucks on average but their collective payroll is astronomically higher.
Antilles jokes are my Achilles' heel
You thinking that was an outburst is pretty cringe
We're still talking about Democrats, right?
Men, stay your positions!
You know so little and you're so proud of it.
I'm feeling a little irritated and regretful about your joke
A plumber with spare parts who got high
Nobody can understand me this easily, try again
Isn't that what cooking wine is? The recipe called for it
Great! So what will you do without to make that possible?
Ok boomer
False
So you hate boomer culture. Not necessarily anything to do with their productivity.
So therefore everything he thinks is wrong.
Not any of these books will get read
Sure, I concede its shitty art to score a cheap political point that nobody will actually be affected by Usually artists want to affect someone. This won't do it
If this piece of pedestrian crap counts as art then I’ve discussed art every time I visit the loo
O shit he’s done
There’s plenty of good reason as discussed when the constitution was written.
The reasons are well known and out there and have been good enough for 250 years. Feel free to provide your cogent rebuttal.
Yes
We hear at reddit don't read articles. Orangemandumb
Good news - there's nobody advocating for mass murder, so rest easy on that point and save your energy for something else.
No
Them's punchin words, Nazi
This is why we need communism
Quick, look behind you!
Chicken? Salmon? There's lots of different kinds of farms.
Oh Eunice I love this thread, so satisfying
Here at Hipster Bay Baby Farm, we'll lend you a flannel and let an authentic organic free-range murkadoo suckle on your chin. Afterwards you can go axe throwing or smoke cloves or do whatever normal people did 30 years ago that you are rediscovering and rebranding for yourself.
In my experience, the insurance payouts don't really care about who is breaking the law, or not. If the insurance company feels you could have avoided the collision, you will be found at fault (to some degree, my state assigns a percentage to each driver). For instance, even if another driver ran a red light and you hit them in the intersection, you may very well have had the time and distance to avoid hitting them.
Very revealing, thank you
At that moment the peace prize was seen to have zero legitimacy.
Read the entry. OP is a simple provider of facts, not a dispute. It isn't a dispute until the second party disagrees, at which point you are burdened to provide sufficient warrant for your own position.
Who do you need to defend yourself to? I have no doubt this is more of a problem in an online course than an in-person course. But the need you feel to defend yourself is kind of strange to me. I think everyone at my institution realizes student evaluations are often biased and contradictory and you never use one evaluation as evidence of anything. You read them for patterns and trends. If say 10+% of your students are saying you don't respond to email then maybe you have a problem, but if just one or two individuals say that, then probably not.
Its right up there with frogs and clowns and the OK symbol and whatever 4chan fools the media into thinking is a new secret racist symbol
Are we equating black people with Africans again? Find another sub for your ignorance
yes the new secret racists are using the OK symbol and frogs and clowns and the number 88 as secret racist signs seriously, think about how dumb this sounds
Haha. I love grade B. Got it on the side of the road in Vermont. Cheaper than grade a. Can’t find it in stores.
A decent traditional news source is more reliable than reddit on average. Rarely is that media source complete bullshit.
THIS is an argument -- the *x* in *f*(*x*)
It is if everyone has a tank
Ok
&gt;We don't call everyone we disagree with by those terms. Disagree.
O shit, this guy is protesting with better coffee, suck it corporate
We didn't start the fire
If it’s yellow let it mellow If it’s brown, flavor town.
I'm gonna drive in and dive in and dine on dat ass
Some student went to the department chair and ruined it for everyone, right? Faculty member was pulling a smart scam right there
You've got blue clamps on the red wall control. Killed the color matching. tsk tsk
Its a problem with education policy in the US. Expulsion needs to be allowed. There needs to be documented efforts to bring the kid in line, of course. But it needs to be possible whereas right now it really isn't.
I can prove you're dumb using only a compass and straightedge
LIKE AMERICAN AIR BASES IN IRAQ lolololl
Ironically, when one does this, it just shows how dumb you are since you have nothing of your own to add to the conversation but snatches of text you heard somewhere else
Why the heck aren't you calling the "Advisor of the Year" award the "Wilson Award"?
I enjoy having a President that the media is willing to criticize
What is their experience as an executive trying to manage people and implement those solutions?
You made the asbestos post, mod, you did it! You blew it up!
A wild conclusion is the null conclusion, here
Oh look I have an alt I didn't know about
Its not hoarding if you know exactly where every piece is and have them logged in a database you designed for the purpose
Completely accurate except the eyes move to follow you and record your every movement
Cold and wet and it gets everywhere
No that shit is just lazy and inconsiderate. Dandelion is ugly and spreads everywhere, esp. to your neighbors who don't want it. If you cared a lot about feeding bees there is any number of flowers you can plant that are better and more attractive.
Bold assumptions
Then I'm sure you don't mow your lawn at all
Haha you lost
Sounding kinda fragile there buddy. Hope life gets better for you
?
I died when he said people from countries that are known to sponsor terrorism will face extra scrutiny when entering the US
Someone should tell them they are wrong.
(reply all) Meatballs are classist products of Western neo-Jungian imperialists. Their discussion should not be tolerated in a free email list such as ours. I demand HR contact you immediately.
One too many carbon atoms. This is IN-organic, c'mon. NO CARBON. Alternatively it could be about indium-carbon chemistry.
The only reason we can't point out your toxic history is because your ex-tinder matches don't know your reddit username
Does it have anything to do with earthen morphology? Then maybe. Plenty of people are ignorant in one field yet sound in another. Its called being human.
Here the only reason we're talking about this is because the dude up there is trying to divide us, not promote discussion. That's not healthy.
GUYS GUYS Can we please stop arguing about who is the real skinhead and argue about who is the real 'punk'? or 'ska'? or something?
They're meeting to posture and appear to be discussing solutions I'm feeding my kids, thanks for asking.
Because we don't like to think about the people in rural areas and why they think what they do. So when they suddenly got power we just assumed its because they are totally evil idiots because then its easier to dismiss ~50% of the population and take back the power that is rightfully mine.
Did you think of that in the shower?
Also I want other people to pay for these things and I’ll keep calling them free even though that’s not so
No this does not happen. Every ‘cite’ of this blatantly ignores all the property wage etc taxes and losses that offset revenue and result in net loss for the year.
When you throw around pejoratives that are not accurate you lose credibility. Especially "nazi" which is basically about the worst one you can use
I'm happiest if I have a place to park my car
Nah
No
Then I'm sure those diabetics who *need* this kind of product will be very pleased that chemists work pretty hard at formulating products to help them. That costs money. Without those chemists, those diabetics would be much worse off. Thank god for chemists and the money they accept as payment.
So money is speech, if we need an amendment to make the constitution say that?
Is it appropriate for government to poke fun at its citizens?
Nah
You're special to me
I'm pretty sure its common knowledge that bribery is not accepted in America. The foreign students have an obligation to learn and follow American customs AND LAWS just as much as we have an obligation to learn their customs and laws.
Every president Either that or the 'ol "This legislation will get you a job and wax your car" but nobody does any followup, ever so nobody quite realizes it was bad until 30 years later when everyone can see it
Who's got the power here? Not Europe. Not Iran, anymore.
This is why we need Bernie
How come nobody's watching the fireworks??
Need to cackle like a polack to use a press correctly
The Declaration of Independence is hidden behind a secret panel
Its never sunny in Pittsburgh
No! That opens the trap door! You need to find out what Andrew Carnegie's favorite snack was and use that
You need to look at their profit/loss to get any idea of how good their business is, not just stock price. I don't know that info at all, but just need to have good info to say things like that
Just about the ultimate in passive aggressive revenge They probably don't even know they were revenged
Who said anything about poor? Rich people are just as capable of doing this
You want the broad part or the impact part?
I know a lot of 'backwoods' folks and none of them think illegal immigrants are lazy... they know they work hard as fuck for the most part, we all know how hard it is to put a roof on and get shingles up on a roof. We still think its not fair that they're here illegally, depressing wages so that there somehow are people here willing to do hard skilled labor like roofing for $12/hour. Go after the illegals, go after the people that hire them too
I mean yeah you're just saying things that are obvious and thinking your special for your insight
Closed I think
Updated Courtyards are super nice, esp modern bathrooms that you won't find in the other brands you mentioned.
The government is at fault for all those issues. The government allows regulatory capture to happen. Regulators who are bribed, allow themselves to be bribed. Politicians who are ignorant choose to let lobbyists tell them what to think and do. Money is not actually the problem. It is the government actors that choose to accept that money.
Yup this is what nobody wants to talk about The people that are honest get out of these shitty academic lab paper mills and find real jobs but don't have the "place" to critique it at that point. The jerks stay behind and have a bias to not report it
If most of what Al Gore has said came true most of the coastal US would be underwater already
That sounds like a moral hazard of the government having a welfare system.
lol
Government sets the rules
This isn’t a criminal trial so none of those rules apply
Ugh, Maddow is the worst
Voters have long since spoken. They don't give a shit about balanced budgets and the politicians behave correspondingly. I don't know why anyone on this sub thinks its a relevant point of comparison between presidents at this point. Any president that actually brought down spending would instantly loose office.
Its going to be everyone paying higher taxes for a comprehensive single payer heath plan You could liquidate the 1% and still not have enough
"much" less? How much less? And does this still allow for consistent level of investment by pharmaceutical companies to keep developing new treatments?
How does 95% of reddit comment as if political experts when they are 20 years old?
Got it, can't tell me "how much less"
Oh, and the American economy? I was asking you what the effect would be on an American person. You can't answer, got it.
sigh, such an old canard. The kind of research NSF NIH etc fund is relatively cheap. Some initial discovery of potential drugs or treatments. Academic labs like that stuff. But academic labs DO NOT want to do all the hard, boring, very expensive work of the animal trials and clinical trials and FDA approval and the academic labs definitely do not want any of then liability that goes along with selling a drug that turns out in 20 years to have a bad side effect.
Mayor Sheehan It was a crazy night
We have an entire generation who got their news and views from the daily show. They can’t handle this.
I'd just prefer if a sub with a broad neutral name like "politics" actually had some moderation for tone and content so that you could actually read something about politics. Right now its just trump bad trump bad trump stupid trump bad.... Its a big stain on reddit.
Nobody should forget this guy's political hobbyhorse in an irrelevant thread.
Yeah man you know I love to read Tolstoy, let's talk about that in this thread about a game model someone made
Or did I violate yours by suggesting maybe I just want to read about games and not unrelated terroristic plots?
Shit do we know any good Tolstoy games? Has he licensed the IP yet?
Not if you measure in weight or weirdos
No, the amputation was between Empire and Jedi
You an put denied grant applications on your cv, right?
A typical American attitude would be if you want to have a socialism in the way you describe, ie. the state intervenes in health care because the state believes it can't run it - then you're basically taking it over. For instance if you try to draw a line between literally owning and running the factories and the prices of the end products, you find you have an unstable situation. So the state of Illinois (or whatever government) decides the product must be priced X. Well OK then, if the company can't support that price then they have to cut back somewhere (could be on type of medicine produced, or amount produced, or employee pay, decreasing R&amp;D investment, etc). So the state has de facto controlled that company even without owning it.
Are you jerry Seinfeld?
His favorite is from the Tom Hanks movie "Big"
For that matter basically all politicians lie all the time. Do they all get impeached now?
Changing the world!
I'm gonna use a first order Taylor series on this one, worked for my undergrad
I should have called him Drumpf that would have made my meaning more clear
Sure, for those lifetime appointments you need 0 evidence. That's a difference, makes sense.
He's very qualified. Nothing that was said proved otherwise. This is how it works
You don't rise to the level of full sentences
Shit I just found religion
Please cite me
Thanks! I can feel my h-index going up
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/officer-jacob-pederson-protests/
When you attack (physically) any business or any person, its no longer about making a statement.
Maybe the protestors are wrong. Maybe their movement just isn’t popular enough.
Some of us are the kind of animals that build things and fly to outer space.
I don't know how you get 'most' from that article. It seems like big businesses likely will, and small businesses will if they have actually brought appropriate insurance. In my experience its unlikely small businesses would have the appropriate insurance because they're operating on razor thin margins and looking to save money wherever they can. We won't really know for the next week or so until insurance companies have examined claims and made judgements.
You can buy 5 pound bags of that on Amazon Worth it
Let's defend those small mom and pop social networking companies instead
Looting is a thirsty business, need your Camelback supplies
Oh good, I'll just start the anti-terrorist club, we can get away with anything
Drags on the ground, too
Adirondacks and Grafton Lakes of approximately same importance Looks awesome though! Nice work
Can you write anything without using the word bootlicker?
Were you at the protests?
Oh man you got it
Aww its a date
... you're making a big assumption about libleft there
Not the whitest of white wonder bread... but at least the store brand 100% fake whole wheat bread
"Vectors for disease will learn ... (1) how to engage with course material (2) how not to be vectors for disease, thus immediately ceasing their existence at the termination of this course"
"Can we have some actual support on how to teach online, like a really good template I can plug into that works on our LMS and grade book?" "Nah, but we'll make it so students have trouble registering for classes"
Oh my god Why the hell is your institution throwing you into this situation?
The jury system is one thing we absolutely need. No matter what the laws or cops or judges say, the jury can always acquit or hang, preventing tyranny. If there's one thing any common person can do in these times, its to care about jury duty, do it, and do it well.
Overall I'm very happy that the libertarians are getting their day in the sun here.
Reviewer #3: Look, man, when you proved me wrong, I hurt all over and I didn’t wanna know from nothin’ or nobody – not even my graduate students. Hell, every advisor knows that hurt, and we get sick inside trying to live with it, so don’t back off now. Make it right for yourself or you’ll be sorry you didn’t. We held the greatest endowed professorship in the whole world, babe. You lost that funding for all the wrong reasons. You lost your edge. All right, I know your best friend on the search committee dying had you all messed up inside, but the truth is you didn’t look hungry. Now when we published, you had that eye of the tiger, man, the edge. And now you gotta get it back, and the way to get it back is to go back to the beginning. You know what I mean? Heh-heh, maybe we could go on sabbatical together. Eye of the tiger, man.
Smart work here means work in the things that the management actually care about. You can do awesome work on behind the scenes stuff that stops problems before they start but nobody notices that.
Why are we trying to find social work through the school budget? Fund it through appropriate budgets
Disingenious that it was about 'haircuts'. Its about being able to work and your freedom in general. But yeah, protest for BLM too.
Aw, thanks
Those jerks! Selling a lot of things that people want!
Its easy to have numerous complaints filed against you. I'm sure, right now, this guy is having numerous complaints filed against him. All of those complaints could be specious.
&gt;Not saying straight up fire the guy, but if he can't show the level or rigor and intelligence to back up these ideas in class as he would any other ideas, he should not be using the platform of his class to share them. If that doesn't mean fire the guy, what does it mean? Put him on paid suspension where he's not allowed to teach?
If you're advocating for firing him, then you absolutely need positive evidence of wrongdoing. Sounds like you don't have it.
That's a serious accusation you're making based on your zero knowledge
Oh. So they're just saying he should voluntarily withhold I thought we were way beyond that point, guy probably isn't going to do that
You might not even know why the sky is blue
I'm defined by the type of razor I shave with
Has twitter been profitable yet?
As well r/acab
Yup there's that hate. Every post of yours is just hate.
Cool man, you've said everything you needed to say to convince me you are illiterate
Its for the European audience
Can you fit some more negatives into that sentence?
Community day bidoof now with meteor mash?
Something like Indonesia I guess
What about for riots?
Or they're just taxpayers who look around at all the public sector unions and employees who *used* to say 'we get good benefits because our pay is lower compared to private sector'... which isn't true anymore... and those taxpayers realize they've been had. Service typically isn't anything great, either. Taxpayers Union coming up
Are you trying to say the genocide didn’t happen?
None of what you said is evidence. None of us would let your 'argument' pass in comp 101.
Remember when the media and redditors used 'binders of women' like it was the ultimate reason to hate Romney?
Well yes, being bad at your job of SecState is a good reason to dislike them Saying the phrase 'binders of women', while not eloquent, isn't a reason for hate, esp. since Romney was specifically trying to find women for corporate roles historically denied them
Thanks for clarifying your thought process, very informative for everyone to see
I think this is the big one - you can't talk to parents about grades b/c FERPA. I'm imagining though this is mostly because we have no way of knowing if the person we're talking to is a parent or not, or perhaps if the student is actually independent.
Nah this one doesn't make sense to me. A hotel is is one state, the customer is also in that state at that time and is expected to abide by state laws while in the state no matter where they have permanent residence. Nothing 'interstate' about it.
Good move. SNL is so lame.
Sure, people often do really dumb things even past the point they should have noticed they had better alternatives
lol, thanks for thinking about my ass
Holy fuck. This is the kind of situation, if I were an employee, I would be quietly reading up on my Count of Monte Cristo. Thanks for sharing.
You're very angry. If this helps, please keep venting.
You mean *my* cabbage and lumpy potato stocks
Commissar? You mean my cousin-in-law? I'll let him know you wanted to speak to him.
I also seed false information into all my posts to disguise where I'm from, y'all
Who painted this? I thought I heard it was volunteers and activists not the City
I'm too lazy to wear pants
You can just call the FBI and they'll take care of it for you
I have better prices and quality to serve the workers
Agreed. People forget that cops have rights too.
Oh, they've been told, they're just *so much smarter*
Head Start programs are usually also run by really, really dedicated employees. Unfortunately its a model that's hard to replicate.
Dude... that just isn't true. Very vividly I remember their methods of analyzing results from standardized testing, finding patterns and uncovering teachers cheating on them for their students The author is a PhD economist who is by any measure a whiz with data
lol
You haven't told anyone their life didn't matter yet, so come on over
Yes it rationalizes your ignorance as a good thing
I'm pretty sure destroying a statue, or not, is
Yeah if you're excluding people and expropriating money, you're a fascist
At some level the cops are held responsible, or can be held responsible. Random looters vanish and are protected.
I think this is because you see the videos but you don't hear about the follow up from reddit. I've definitely heard of these cops getting arrested, e.g. in Buffalo.
Yeah I got that one too! $15 special just for you. My little sweatshop friends only charged me $2 but you can pretend you don't benefit from sweatshop labor by telling them you bought if from me, a true american
I guess I'm surprised that would work
Fermented crab does not approve
On the other hand, I feel relieved after watching this, like a tremendous weight has been let go
You can have the 'personality' of being able to tell people what they like to hear for 6 years and then enjoying laziness while smiling and repeating what someone else says once in a while
I've discovered if you are defending a gym, you can remote raid pass into it, even if that gym is farther away
Maybe Yangtze?
Amazon isn't a manufacturer, they're a retailer
What the fuck is all this? Calm down dude
Amazon doesn't own any factories. They put their name on something made by someone else.
I'm going to school for psychiatry, and I'll set up shop right next to a combo Taco Bell and KFC. I'll probably build that too.
That's what *real* trans is. So many people aren't this but think they are.
It can be complicated since you can max out and with the bonus money from the feds. The employer may want to know how much they need to pay to entice him to come back.
It could have ended it. Activists love vandalism. Its completely reasonable that a confrontation would have ended vandalism, if that's what it had been.
Poor people who can't work haven't developed the ability to eat dirt
&gt;Marginalized groups are *always* spoken about by white people as a group ??? head scratch
In the sense that the universe tends towards maximum entropy, yes
How will you fight them without becoming auth?
You just have to yell out your car window 'nah bro I'm just protesting'
I don't require anything. Why would I presume that? Do it when they can and want to
Huh I use bibdesk which comes with TeX Live
He's not wrong. Get a job, hippy.
ACAB amirite
*My little boy, he was the sweetest thing, he didn't ever harm anyone*
Tell me why you don't think it would happen.
I'll take it you're a troll
Yes, I can see that regular civilians should not be expected to cooperate
Can we mark it up and hand it back? Like -- sorry guys, C+ work at best, you can resubmit with corrections though
LOL. People like to say this. And I'm sure its true sometimes. But just as much that small town had a smattering of shitty small businesses run by people who didn't know how to run a business with an inventory of nothing anyone wanted. Walmart comes in and suddenly stuff you couldn't get for 100 miles is at your doorstep.
Is this your first exposure to poor people?
"We need to cast for diversity but not actually spend the time to give them any kind of basic direction, I have a witch I need to sexually harass"
Detroit specifically probably the local economy got better in the timeframe you're talking about. 10-15 years ago it was shit.
This is the real talk I come here for, thanks!
Zebediah begat Josiah who begat Ezekiel who begat Methusaleh who begat a whole lotta fuckers
I appreciate the hand drawing
Lol. What the fuck happened to her? There's got to be a good story here.
Also, can someone lift this 30 pound sack of cat food for me? But I don't want to ask the black male store employee because of the implications.
Millennials won’t get this! Upvote while they’re asleep!
Hey bot, I'm gonna short your stock and make a killing
Yup, found the fascist
Yeah... that part was just fan fic
Someone might think you're kidding But there's too many articles in legit papers where the nut of what happened is something someone anonymous said on social media. "So and so did this and you WON'T BELIEVE what people are saying!" "Controversy about the mayor's latest statement!"
Quoting Anakin I see
Someone spoke up? I'm here to sell books to auth and lib left on how what they do and think is really valuable and correct but salted with really really stupid things so they wind up telling everyone that taking away guns and open borders with absolutely 0 immigration controls is a good thing
Ronnie I told you I don’t do landscaping anymore
I endorse drone strikes of racists
Because you're a troll
Yes. So both are bad choices.
People also just compare the raw specs like clock speed and ram size and so on. But so what? If your apps don't run right I don't care. My iPhones have been solid for years and I can reliably depend on them always working. My iPhone fucking 6 can still run a lot of apps that's a six years old, my iPhone 8 is great
Or I don't feed the trolls Suck it pony boy
Better get the the national media outrage team to investigate then
Ah yes, welcome little Mao
"low risk" because those places are never crowded. If they become crowded because the only thing open is the museum, then there's a problem but the state guidelines are shit. Just let stuff open already but maintain restriction on population density and air handling of the facilities.
Yes your post is exactly the straw man recipe that Peterson critics always build. Engage with ideas
You don't mention any specific idea in your entire lengthy post.
On the other hand, if you leave out a large supply of cleaning stuff for everyone to share, the problems are that it will take too long for everyone to get at them and use them before class, or they'll just get stolen. Distributing the responsibility to students make sense and as well TELLING THEM ITS THEIR FUCKING JOB. I know its weird to make students accountable for things, but let's give it a go eh?
Not even an old idea?
We weren't talking about your neighbors but rather our students. We have the ability to enforce rules on our students.
It hasn't been there responsibility. But if its matter of being able to safe in a classroom, or not, well - now it is their responsibility. Its OK to have some shared responsibility for our all of our safety.
You can't build a risk management framework to 'prevent' unknowns like this. You just bank some money and buy insurance in case things like this wind up happening.
Probably not the right user name for today
No, its b**l**ased. Did **l**ib **l**eft need those extra **l**s for themselves?
Double-negative mass murderer confirmed
Rest assured their 'definition' of social mobility is something that is highly debatable and subject to statistical manipulation so the author could get headlines and a promotion in their school of journalism or something
Pretty irresponsible for mods to leave it up
Uh... I don't think the odds are better than 50:50 but there sure as hell are not 0... especially with the sensitized atmosphere towards racism rn
You're an asshole for posting unverified accusations of racisms
You probably should be banned for posting that shit
Ma: "I want more counter space" Pa: "Sure, whatever, I'm trying to sleep"
dEmOcRaTs ArEn'T lEfT WiNg
He'd probably be toppling statues of abolitionists
if the "real left" only dismantles, what do they build?
Well, you won't be seeing it for long.
Pretty cool to use slogans you don't mean. I guess, then, these activists don't take Trump slogans literally.
Are you LARPing as lib right? LOL at your last paragraph. Communists? Made it to space first but took advantage of famine to kill millions for politically motivated reasons. Eliminated culture and religion of everyone to build their own view. Etc.
Yet, its basically the main anti-Rand talking point out there
How about when those 'peaceful protestors' see someone smashing a window, they actually do something about it. Otherwise they are complicit.
Yet again, your insistence on applying Overton theory to this instance means nothing, since you clear don't get it. Go do a google search.
He knows we have guns
I am also sorry that crippled children don't magically walk immediately after getting surgery.
But fuck if that battery hasn't let me play Pokemon Red for 38 years!
*Especially when my beliefs are built on never actually having held a gun or dispassionately studying the statistics. I get my ideas from twitter.
Your comment came across exactly in that way, thanks for contributing.
You better watch out for Wailmer, you need to walk him. If he poops in your living room I'm not cleaning it up.
No, of course not. There's no way that a bunch of rabid slave holders may have been looking ahead to a more systemically better future for commoners.
I'm implying that the interests of the electorate mostly shouldn't have much to do with what the president does. The interests of everyday people for everyday things should lie with your local governments.
You're really stuck on this and I don't know why. The President isn't accountable to a small minority. They hypothetically could be *elected* by the small minority this submission is about. But a president is always accountable to the entire general public, and certainly Congress.
Yes, agreed. Like I said above, the other branches have been willing to cede power to the executive for a variety of reasons, one of which you mentioned, which isn't healthy.
'Capitalism' doesn't destroy anything. People choose to destroy something, or to preserve it.
I agree. Rent and food distribution are also national problems for these very same reasons. Thus, the federal government should also take over home ownership and agriculture and retail.
How do you pronounce agar? Like "AG-arrrrr" or "AW-ger" or like french "au-JAY" ?
Blame people. If there is a viral video that has bad information about COVID, reddit would be screaming that google should “do something”. Well they did.
You have to cup its testicles while it looks to the side and coughs
Damn humans, doing predictable human things.
I'll miss you, based bot
So each tax payer paid in about 25 cents by your numbers. Sounds like taxpayers deserve a 25 cent coupon then.
So then why is everyone in this thread complaining about a drug they won’t buy?
Why are you distracting yourself and brining stuff up I never mentioned?
Sure. Maybe you can assume I believe in UFOs next.
Majority of what? What racial group is the majority of the world?
If you look at the list there was something like 50 variants of CTH listed.
Based!
24hrs delay might as well be never. At that point it runs itself off the front page, the hate community has had their fill, and they all move on to the next posts. r/politics is a hate trash sub and the moderators could choose to actively change it, but they don't. Wonder why?
I get called a nazi sometimes, but I'm confused, because I forgot to send in my membership dues this year. 55 bucks.
I have no idea how they would effectively enforce it. One could set off some shit make a bunch of noise then go hide within 2 minutes.
How auth right is formed, in the bowels if the earth, from rock and muck they emerge
I hope you set up an etsy shop for your candles
ITT: People clinging desperately to the past but think this doesn't apply to them because they can implement a python library
You're friends with AuthRight? Are they hot? Or just rich?
Because of all the things you *could* post about, or, just choose not to, you chose to post about this.
