&gt; It's the strongest incentive I have to ~~exercise~~ *eat less* people get all kinds of weight related joint ailments, no need to worsen that by exercising before you've been *sizing* yourself
totally with you there I hope it's common sense that dieting won't do you much good if you reward yourself for your hard work by chomping down on a snickers every lunch. It bears repeating anyway. Salads are tricky in that people don't mind salads as long as they drown them in everything that makes a healthy salad decidedly unhealthy
the internet used to be so much better back when it was still new, like 20 years ago I know that's just nostalgia talking because there were fucking pervs around back then just the same, but still
if you consider quoting your own words "abuse" then maybe you should stop writing posts on a public forum
&gt; but what else would it be for? changing the barrel?
&gt; If you guys have any tips for I could have done better you reacted as well as anyone could hope for I think. Your caution to give the white car a wide berth is probably what saved your life
porn isn't allowed on the play store and any setting that is for *showing* NSFW content on reddit instead of hiding it makes the app exponentially more suitable for just browsing porn on reddit
you can't expect people to read much, especially if they just installed planetmans 2 to shoot planetmans
test
u/cryptochecker
warplanes really do show the atmosphere who's boss around here
nä
Realistically deforming my hood with the smashed faces of pedestrians? Sounds great!
If only that color looked like that IRL
Op didn't manipulate this photo, I saw the series before
can you spare me some money for the bus? I gotta get home
BCH is still BCH who exactly is managing the shitshow? sure as hell isn't Craig Wright or his group of sycophants, they have their own coin now
&gt; Satoshi is Craig &gt; Have a nice day... and you will learn. That's you. Tell me again how you're not one of them?
you triggered the trolls, good job!
you just mad because nobody likes your coin here
a pertinent example: https://twitter.com/aantonop/status/1003665781660504065 Andreas in 2015: &gt; Gavin is right. The time to increase the block size limit is before transaction processing shows congestion problems. Discuss now, do soon Andreas in 2018, in reply to "Andreas has changed so much since this tweet.": &gt; Yes, I changed my opinion, because I saw new facts. You should be suspicious of those who cannot change their opinion when discovering new facts. &gt; Also be suspicious of those who cannot accept a difference of opinion without a conspiracy theory as to why. AFAIK, he still hasn't explained what "facts" caused him to do a 180 on the one topic that has completely divided the bitcoin community. Andreas always spoke with conviction and backed up his arguments with solid analysis and facts, that's why he was such a great speaker for the cryptocurrency community. So what stops him from backing his opinion up this time? Why didn't he even bother to argue his new position? Where are the facts he's referring to?
&gt; I'm done being glued to cryptowat.ch. alright see ya tomorrow
Move to Germany, it's nice here and cars are cheap. Don't worry about not speaking German, you'll manage
This picture is 1.44mb Nice
hey nobody said their tracking is *bulletproof*
the dumping will continue until morale improves!
there are plenty of people who sold enough to cover their initial investment
everyone who bought ETH at 0.025 felt like a genius last time
you woke up from your 4 month slumber for this? Hating on crypto? Apparently hating is the only reason you post, judging by your history here &gt; Zoenende mannen zijn dus ook niet normaal. Dit is geen discriminatie maar gewoon realisme.
&gt; Normaal = wat de meerderheid doet. yeah you can fuck right off with that, that's how hating on jews was "normal"
&gt; Godwin well yes that happens when you say LGBT people aren't "normal", you get compared to some of the other people who share(d) your opinion
&gt; if I had sold what was very clearly the top very clearly with perfect hindsight
some stupid people might get suckered in to buying some. Their loss
16 upvotes for an rbitcoin mod? ah yes that's completely natural for rbtc
&gt; was in this sub long before it turned insane so was I and I'm still here, still sane. Who's making all the noise here?
this absolutely is a BCH forum
&gt; i and others did keep trying to tell people here (and elsewhere) was that before or after you banned them?
&gt; I didn't like what happened with ABC whatsoever &gt; I'm selling the ABC side of my UTXO. well if you're keeping the CSW side then I take it you like what he did the past few years and in 2018? because make no mistake, you'll be holding his coin
Roger didn't start BCH, I'd expect someone in your position to know that
for someone who doesn't have any crypto you sure pretend to know a lot about it
I wonder how low BCH has to go for people like you to finally stop trolling
&gt; on-site virtual cloud thanks, I hate it
ok /u/vaginerdestroyer69
I have this super power, it's awesome when diving as well
I'm here to celebrate .17 with you people one day
oh yeah but those are already being used. Tilting the blade upwards would allow it to get around more/sharper corners
well it works a treat, it's gorgeous!
same for me. I did try a bit of gun game as well
I remember these cars being just about the most expensive cars I would still somewhat regularly see as a kid. We'd go camping and someone would cruise by in one of these like it's no big deal. It made an impression
those are some lovely yatas
&gt; The market is waiting for BTC to realize its use case as a [...] currency December 2017 showed that nobody important cares about BTC as a currency anymore
&gt; The CFTC is not staffed by morons the past years have proven to me beyond a shadow of doubt that I was severely underestimating the amount of idiots in this world
&gt; novel ideas yeah, no, changing the block time is not a novel idea, it's been discussed ad nauseam since the inception of bitcoin 10 years ago. There's good reason to be suspect of anyone trying to start that discussion all over again here
&gt; I prefer team style. that's basically 75% of the appeal for me! I mean, with basically every other team based game you can play with your friends but you still have to contend with the other players on your team who are (as you know) without exception 100% retarded. With BR games, it's just you and your buddies versus the world, if you make it then that's because YOU guys rock and if you don't then that's obviously Marc's fault. Seriously though, winning a BR match with 3 of your friends because you had great teamwork (and were lucky as fuck) is awesome
\*heavy chains rattling*
You guys are my support group I guess
Because fuck supporting printers, let some other poor fuck deal with that circle of hell
People still complained about moonboys then
Nah bro, I'm real and your life is not a lie
Propaganda, that's how
When idiots like him lump in Monero with ETC and BSV, I worry
nice and meaty! I would've gotten me 16" wheels for my winter tires as well if it weren't a bureaucratic nightmare
if it's a daily, go RF. If it's a summer fun mobile, ST might be your thing
I'm not sure, but it definitely has a smaller opening
looks mint!
BURN THE WIIIIITCH
what is your problem?
XRP can't be compared with ETH or BTC or any other cryptocurrency, yet people insist on doing so anyway. It's listed on CMC for example, and you can buy it at exchanges that otherwise only deal in crypto. Why? Did everybody forget that they can unilaterally freeze your account? Or that the single biggest XRP holder is *contractually obliged* to limit the rate at which they sell XRP?
them's fightin' words
I was hoping Mazda would do this for the longest time until I finally relented and got an RF. So obviously I'm here to tell you guys all about how a removable hard top doesn't hold a candle to a retractable one, because you know I'm totally unbiased
it's about time PS2 gets the /r/montageparodies treatment
Maybe litecoin will be the lesson
...
BTC was never supposed to be about off-chain scaling. The BTC I bought wasn't about off-chain scaling, it only became that because of years of narrative pushing and rampant censorship My personal preference would have been BTC with on-chain scaling, like it was for the first half of its life. That's what I bought and that's what I would've preferred to have in my wallet right now edit: also BSV isn't about scaling at all, BSV is about CSW yelling at clouds
wot a screwy boi
I like BCH, that's why I'm downvoting you
That's what we used to think about $100
Looks great. Tell me, how do you think it will look when the demand for transactions doubles? What if people want to collectively make 5 transactions per second on the BTC network, what kind of fees will people be paying then?
demand is still there and the supply is rusting
the endless list of porn subreddits that I have filtered out of /r/all begs to differ
can confirm: have shitty floor isolation as well on certain spots, didn't know until the cats pointed them out
10% ratio pump? This almost makes me forget about my horrific losses in 2018
I was I bought some at $105 (on the way down, heh), at the time I had the same amount of fiat earmarked for if it dumped to $50
so that thing everyone did in The Sims has a name? neat
your country desperately needs to get away from the 2 party system
a general purpose CPU has no hardware specifically for rendering 3D, especially not back in the days of Quake, which was often played on the original Intel Pentium processors that didn't even have MMX
it will stay that way until your laws/constitution are changed so that a 3rd party can be represented in your house/congress even if it has only a small minority of the votes
yep, QBASIC that came with DOS 6.22 was my first, then Turbo Pascal. The accessibility of QBASIC really helped
anyone want to take bets on how long it will take until the first 2JZ swap is done?
huh? you can avoid motorways with google maps. Or are there other restrictions that it doesn't account for?
one day, the last Multipla will be crushed without anyone realizing it's the last. Nothing of value will be lost
he's irrelevant
&gt; Also. Your comment about "xrp is a centralized shitcoin, a glorified database that has no reason to exist in the crypto space" is highly ignorant. XRP is not permissionless, your XRP balance can be unilaterally frozen, to participate in the network you literally need permission. Who can freeze your XRP, whose permission do you need? Is it somehow a decentralized governance system that we haven't heard of yet?
&gt; Anything that proves to have value in the altcoin experiments will be adopted by BTC history has shown BTC won't adopt anything until it's too late
imagine if someone drugged an adult man, circumcised him and he dies of complications
maybe wash your damn feet once in a while if you feel so strongly about it
Happy trading!
gesundheit!
because Bitpay support BCH *and* they did so before they implemented Segwit on BTC. The BTC community then decided to boycot Bitpay so everything else they do is bad by default edit: also, [Bitpay specifically stated](https://blog.bitpay.com/bitpay-and-payment-protocol/) that the reason they require BIP70 is to reduce the number of failed payments, caused in part by the high fees on the BTC network at the time (January 2018). Since then the fees on the BTC network have dropped to pre-2017 levels, so arguably BIP70 is not needed at the moment. Note that they also require BIP70 for payments on the BCH network
anytime you make a change you have to schedule in time for when you fuck up and have to roll back. If you deploy on Friday then you're scheduling your unfucking time on Saturday so you best be available
yes they added additional fees but they are *directly* related to the bitcoin fees. They're simply charging the end user for the fee Bitpay would have to pay to transfer the bitcoin they receive. If Bitpay thinks they have to pay $1 to transfer the $20 they have to get, they'll put $21 on the invoice. Otherwise they'd have to eat that $1 transaction fee later on. They could afford to do eat that cost before 2017 because the fees were low and they already charge a standard processing fee, however they reckoned that they could no longer afford to do that if the fees are as high as they were on the BTC network on christmas 2017 the solution is simple: keep on-chain fees low or move to a completely off-chain payment model
No, as far as I know they do the same on the BCH network. Why wouldn't they? One system, two currencies, it's easier for them to keep everything the same as much as possible. It'd definitely come in handy if the median fee on the BCH network ever gets above 1 cent again
or, you know, stop artificially constricting the capacity of the network
that's a $5 payment invoice right? I'll use what bitinfocharts says about the median fees from yesterday the 24th of December 2018 | base | transaction fee| additional "network" fee| total | fee in % ---|---|----|----|----|---- BTC | $5.00 | $0.10 | $0.10 | $5.20 | 4.0% BCH | $5.00 | $0.0008 | $0.0008 | $5.0016 | 0.032% bitpay uses 2 digits according to your screenshot, in this case that means they'd round 0.032% to 0.0% if I'm correct, that means it's impossible to see from your screenshot whether they're actually charging BCH users extra 'network' fees or not because they're insignificant. If they're actually overpaying on network fees like your screenshot suggests (say, about 2x as much) then the network fee percentage would round to 0.1% for BCH payment
Agile Team Facilitator according to google I'm not sure what it actually means yet and I really do not want to find out. It sounds like a bullshit managerial position introduced by a system that was supposed to *reduce* managerial overhead, but hey what do I know, I just work here
also BIP70 is part of several open source projects, most notably [Copay](https://copay.io/) supported by Bitpay themselves
That might have been 5 years ago, who knows. Also who's blaming anyone? It's just the way things are, men are too dense to read the signals and women are too dense to stop trying to signal and just get to the frikkin point
makes sense
sounds painful TBH. Did they look at the internals at all before trying to crank it? edit: ok apparently it last ran 2 or 3 years ago, should be fine
sukkel
http://longroadracing.com/home/marketplace/nd-16-in-wheel/
&gt; Could somebody show me how I can get paid to shill crypto projects, or even get paid to fud them? just ask him. He's been doing this since [january 2016](https://old.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/42keqk/adam_back_interview_with_epicenter_at_26min/), coming up on his 3 year shitposting anniversary!
it's so sad, he spent christmas writing 35 posts here on /r/btc with no goal other than to be a miserable cunt
I still have it
just about the most sensible bike money can buy and people still manage to shit on it, I don't understand them
These cars are only slow if you're in the wrong gear. That's even more true for the S2000 which is slower than both the 86 and the Miata unless, again, you're in the right gear. If that sounds like effort to you then a V8 (or modern turbo) + automatic is a better fit for your needs
I'm taking notes, this guy compliments
Oof they shot us right in the PC!
free range
You can over here, but then you're not allowed to drive stick
I think it's about the shape? Who knows, Mazda just had to think of something because they couldn't call it Targa
you can summarize that as "did I fucking stutter?"
funny you should mention it because I actually enjoyed that game for a bit as well. Not for very long though, the narrow FOV didn't work for me
Try sending the cash under your mattress across the world in less than a day. For small amounts it'll be fine as long as it's not a holiday. Bigger amounts though?
no, you're right. Best put it in the bank and ask their permission if you could pretty please (sugar on top) use your money to do whatever you want
they don't look any smaller than 16s? There's some optical illusion fuckery going on there
oh it's NANO season again?
I think OP might be channeling some Winston Wolf ("So, pretty please... with sugar on top. Clean the fucking car.") which some people might be offended by even though it's really not meant that way
I'm pretty sure people were saying that 6 months ago. They wouldn't be too happy with the results
shit I knew I should've bought some
no, if I did I would've acted on it
this place can't be neutral because bitcoin is under attack
I take it you work with large vessels
I call these twitches "switches" because you gotta be swole af to get them
same, but with my MIL should have sold everything right then and there
man it's a ghost town in here comparatively what, have you guys all up and gotten yourself lives in the last few days or something?
Probably, but only after a huge discount. I'm not paying full price for the privilege of having to run yet another fucking launcher
If it had the Intel jingle, everyone would understand
I mean, they're only warships, what could go wrong?
I felt like a god back then flying those helis
Happy new year from Europe
Depends, some older motorcycles for example don't get enough current from the alternator when the engine is at idle, so when idling they'd drain the battery and without a battery they'd stall
Are you going to fight the government with your ATGMs? With your 30mm autocannon? I don't think a semi auto AR 15 is going to make a dent in those bradleys
Even the people who are more knowledgeable have to make the choice: Do I keep my BTC on an exchange or do I take possession of my BTC and risk having to pay huge fees when I want to sell it? Many will go the easy route even when they're aware of the risks
The governments don't care about what image you and your buddies try to project
Some argue it's too complex and therefore won't scale
Waiting for the 1W ETH/BTC parabolic SAR to flip, which happens at about the same point
That should be an easy fix for a cosplayer
You do realize that many merchants who accept BTC accept it through bitpay right? And that almost all of them accept BCH through bitpay as well?
"I sold my ETH for this?!"
Yes, the smart play is to keep your disruptive asset where it can be easily seized by the very institutions that it would disrupt, I see nothing that could wrong with this
It's *easier* to push through compression in higher gears. Anyone who ever push started a car or bike knows you do it in 2nd gear instead of first, it's easier that way
You're right, it was more like a $950 increase in 32 days
&gt; Ryan is *literally* paid to support BSV
well regardless of whether this is reality or a simulation, it went off the fucking rails somewhere in the last decade or so
2.4 jiggahertz? Sounds dangerous!
Don't listen to that other guy, I know with 100% certainty that ETH will correct down to $203.56 on June 6th and then go 100x within 5 years. Set your buy orders accordingly and thank me later!
&gt; maybe $150 my wallet is ready
Don't jinx it
&gt; hes going to sign ok hold your breath
&gt; When people start using BCH, the same problems will crop up Oh? Even if that were true (which it isn't) have you calculated for yourself how many transactions the BCH network would be processing before that occurs?
Ok, so what you're saying is that when BCH blocks have about 1.2 MB of transactions each, similar to current BTC levels, the people using BCH would suddenly start to pay out of their collective asses to secure a spot in the 30.8 MB of free space that remains? Or do you have some other reason to think BCH users would feel forced to pay $2 per transaction?
I have, but beer in cans is also beer in plastic because the cans are lined with plastic
and there's also beer in PET bottles, like these: https://imgur.com/a/vvZ30Qo only the cheapest beers here in germany get packaged this way. I've tried some and it's honestly not bad
&gt; the next block fee is $0.02, so the tx is stuck for a while Why would any transaction be stuck when the blocks are 90% empty? Your logic makes sense if we assume that blocks are full like on the BTC network, but I don't understand how you figure this will happen when there's plenty of space left
$2.84 iS NoTHiNg tO TRanSfeR DiGITal GOlD
Only two years, felt like a decade
Great for seeing that you should've bought last week
Accelerating quickly and smoothly with a manual needs practice, that's all. You'll manage
At some point, the only thing that matters is the bit with the VIN
If I had one, why would I sell you mine? I wouldn't want my bot have to compete with yours, so the only reason I'd sell you mine is if I weren't using it or you offer way too much for it. If I'm not using it, why would you want to buy it? It it were any good, I'd be using it myself. The incentives just aren't there, so if you want one and want it to be good you'll probably have to make it yourself
I wasn't referring to a particular entry point, just that a SMA lags by definition
What happened with Max?
Then whitelist a new unused address
&gt; Otherwise this relationship is going to fuck you up permanently. That happened when he decided to ignore the principles of bitcoin to stay on CA's teat
I'd much rather wear out a clutch than the synchros in the transmission
The advantage that he got was that he stayed ahead of Hamilton despite losing control of the car. Normally such a loss of control would result in a loss of position. I mean, I assume that's what he's arguing
That's the reason I didn't buy more at $100. I wanted to get some ETH at those prices yet still keep my options open for if it tanked further. Well it didn't and now I regret not having called the bottom with perfect accuracy
&gt; they believe Europe is free and for them, it is. They don't care about your definition of "free"
no
posting your SO on reddit is everything but safe. I mean, is she single?
viofo a129 duo + hardwire kit edit: also get an SD card rated for dashcams/body cams: https://carcamcentral.com/guide/recommended-microsd-cards-for-dash-cameras
&gt; So how anything that Ryan does can be seen as "bad actor", is quite preposterous. If you don't like what he is doing with his business, then go do something else. that's why BSV is great, people like Ryan can work on that while the rest of us move on
LTC has news? Don't say halving because that isn't news
Same here
Bitpay will charge whatever they need to stay in business. That you BTC people have a problem with that is exactly that: your problem. BCH not affected That you need to come over here to continue the discussion because you disallow it over there is again your problem, and again one of your own making. Keep creating problems for yourselves and blaming others for it, that'll work out great, you have everyone out there cheering you on
Christmas 2017 has shown that miners will keep transactions in limbo for more than a month if they deem it profitable
&gt; It's the exact subsidization of business costs that causes many people myself included to call the NYA/S2X a corporate take over attempt. ah but when blockstream says "1MB or bust" to funnel money into the "solutions" they created to deal with the problem, that's just organic decentralized governance, right? Good luck with your mental gymnastics, break a leg
&gt; You don't seem to understand Bitcoin. if you say so
&gt; /bitcoin put that issue to rest a long time ago Ah so that's why their moderators keep coming over here to stir up shit, because they put it to rest? Good to know
&gt; Maybe they are tryinng to assist. Of course, merely assisting in their own sub isn't good enough so they have to help us out here as well. Poor us, where would we be without their guiding hands?
why not both?
I want at least 0.04
The 5mph figure is way more relevant for most people who don't routinely launch their cars
thanks for confirming that you're monitoring this 20 hour old topic, I expected nothing less of you
also, according to people like you, using a stable coin based on BCH would be a crime because Roger is a criminal, right?
The answer is the same: yes
Selling your crypto to buy mining gear is a great way to go completely broke. If you want to get your hands dirty, go mine a coin for which there are no ASICs, spend as little as possible (don't sell anything) and calculate to the very last cent how much money you're losing by mining
I get what you mean but cams also rotate
nice honda, I had one of those as [my first bike](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e4/1985_Honda_XBR_500.jpg)
&gt; (and the truth) hah! the truth is that BTC holders would've been much better off now if BTC had upgraded to bigger blocks 5 years ago. However, you're right, people like me don't bother to try to explain why you're wrong, and yes I just downvote and move along. Anything else is a waste of time
&gt; With 32mb blocks being used, there's no way the average individual can run a full node bullshit
whenever I see a pattern on a chart, I like to draw lines that make me rich. It really messes with my ability to reason about my position and decisions
&gt; At least Tether can't meddle with your tokens once you have them they can blacklist them
omg wow, great! high fives all around! reach arounds galore, choo choo!
yeah that's one way to interpret it, but given how common it is to swap cams but leave everything else stock, I've often seen it interpreted as stock pistons / conrods / caps / crank. So basically when they say "stock internals" or "stock rotating assembly", they mean "we've never touched the stock crank"
&gt; Go ahead downvote ok
downvoting you to prevent financial ruin
release the endorphins!
&gt; We were supporting and searching for a compromise you were seeking to compromise with a party that explicitly said it would not. They said they'd burn BCH to the ground before compromising on their demands
if the original author were here, he'd post an edit with "JUST USE LITECOIN OK"
&gt; Please stop posting about him. the dude is fully onboard the csw=satoshi train
and after that he'd probably add a panel with trolls desperately spamming this comment section. I don't know how'd he do that but I bet he'd nail it, dude is pretty talented edit: he'd even manage to make fun of how the trolls make every other sentence bold in feverish desperation to sound more important
They're so very triggered. So sad that they waste their lives away spamming this subreddit
Don't feed the troll
Could've been 10 junk acers
well you see, when two women love each other very much
&gt; This is another common lie. Not only am I not a subreddit moderator - I only moderate a chat where table flipping emojis are the primary content your name is on this list: https://old.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/about/moderators you said I was lying, right? On to our next point: &gt; Telling lies, spreading provably false information either through ignorance or malice, that is manipulation. Stopping people from circulating that misinformation is not manipulation. ah, so because you interpret something slightly differently ("I'm not a subreddit mod, I just moderate the subreddit chat!"), that means you can accuse people of lying and therefor justify banning them. Sounds like an excellent way of just eliminating everyone you disagree with, kind of like how your /r/bitcoin moderator buddies have been doing for years if they even bother to justifying the bannings &gt; No rbitcoin mod promotes their business. Roger does. you /r/bitcoin moderators have been censoring people who disagree with Blockstream for years. Nobody outside your pathetic little bubble actually believes that you /r/bitcoin moderators are impartial &gt; No rbitcoin mod owns a subreddit with a competing coins ticker. Roger does. come on, this is ignorance of the level I'd expect of a day 1 /r/bitcoin troll. Are you going to suggest we all abandon /r/btc just because your feelings awe huwt? We were here long before the BCH chain split &gt; No rbitcoin mod buys twitter accounts to propagate their view. Roger does. did what now? are you going to back up that accusation with some proof?
just because all cores appear to be busy in the task manager doesn't mean the game actually uses more than 1 core. Windows moves threads from core to core constantly
&gt; I'm sure over time it will get better. let's just wait about 18 Months™
&gt; The fact that they are still in use is a form of extreme gore naw man, that's a sign of great quality products and caring users
&gt; 1 - Have I missed the bitcoin train? no one knows for sure &gt; 2 - I can not afford 1 bitcoin, but should I wait and save up until I can? Or buy a portion of a bitcoin? bitcoin and most other cryptocurrencies are divisible to many decimal places, there's no difference between having 10, 1 or 0.1 bitcoin. It gets a bit more complex if you want to have say ~$1 worth of bitcoin, that's when the difference between BTC (Bitcoin) and BCH (Bitcoin Cash) becomes pronounced &gt; 3 - Do I need a bitcoin wallet? not necessarily, although if you don't have your own wallet where you are in control of your private key(s), then you may have bought bitcoin and own it, but you don't have *possession* of it. Whether that is important for you is for you to decide, but as the saying goes: not your keys, not your coins.
it's a crosspost from `https://reddit.com/r/thatplace/comments/c1pv35`
that's because of the perspective, this photo was taken from much farther away than you'd normally look at cars
the RF is definitely quieter with the roof closed than the ST, and vice versa the ST is quieter with the roof down than the RF. The RF is still loud compared to any other new car, but at least for me the noise level is low enough to cruise at 100+mph for extended periods if need be definitely go for a test drive in the RF to see if it works for you, if you're very sensitive to cabin noise then it could still be too loud for you
the price depends about 100% on rust (although that hard top is nice!). You want to look here: https://i.imgur.com/tvlYyYq.jpg the left spot is a frame rail that is notorious for rusting through in this particular model. The right spot is notorious for rusting in all NA and NB models
Dare to dream big wen 280?
&gt; I beg to differ. you beg to miss the point
and when the regular trolls don't get the job done, never fear because here come the /r/bitcoin mods to shit up another thread!
https://old.reddit.com/r/techsupportgore/comments/c1puuw/what_year_is_it_the_former_secretary_used_this_kb/
the gun buy back in Australia worked. But yeah, the gun culture in the USA is way different so something like that would only reduce the gun ownership somewhat
&gt; EDIT: This is assuming you were calling me a douche, if you weren't then my bad. I'm socially inept. no I was calling the hypothetical other dudes you haven't met douchebags :p
I'm not an expert but I have seen some messed up camshafts, and yours does not have anything that looks bad. I see no pitting, no scoring, no discoloration that would indicate wear through the hardened surface. I'd say they're fine
I'm starting to feel like a luddite, clinging to my old-fashioned "decentralized" and "permissionless" currency while all the new hip kids are balls-deep in some corporate IOU and getting rich
F
buying things because they're fun is not something you can completely rationalize. At some point you either acknowledge that it's slightly stupid and do it anyway, or you live out your days filled with regret
oh yeah I totally read that wrong
photographed in its natural habitat!
https://removeddit.com/r/ethtrader/comments/c1ykra/daily_general_discussion_june_18_2019/erhk13p/ &gt; /u/norpiano &gt; Do you ever stick your cock in a light socket just to feel the excitement that you once felt during a bull run?
it might trigger a lot of "SHUM" but that doesn't necessarily mean people will buy monero
you said roger ver is a fraud, so why do you care whether anything is good for BCH? https://old.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/bpsj1z/craig_is_a_liar_early_adopter_proves_ownership_of/eo1fpyu/
shitcoins seem to be all everybody cares about these days
Some people, yeah, but you underestimate the ignorance of the masses
holy shit you have so many posts with negative hundreds karma that it's a wonder your karma is positive at all
&gt; you are not 10 years old well, no, obviously, but I have the fashion sense of a 10 year old
the difference illustrated: https://i.imgur.com/OoTEJc7.jpg
coming weeks? I'm not too sure, but I'm pretty sure the coming year or so will be good for us
then "blockchain" is just a buzzword
Don't forget to laugh in medical bankruptcies
it's outright ignorant that you think these fees aren't extremely common https://blockchair.com/bitcoin/transactions?q=time(2019-06-19),fee(314304..)&amp;s=fee(asc)# that's more than 1500 transactions **just today** that have a fee like this or higher. How many do you think it'll be by the end of the day? Yesterday, there were [2877](https://blockchair.com/bitcoin/transactions?q=time\(2019-06-18\),fee\(314304..\)&amp;s=fee\(asc\)#) transactions as expensive as his
&gt; Read my post How about no
Thing is, you make it loud and clear that whatever you have to say here isn't worth reading, so I don't
Median fees for this week so far are $1.59, your anecdote is irrelevant https://api.blockchair.com/bitcoin/transactions?a=week,median(fee_usd)#
At that point we'll be shitposting 24/7 again
I know plenty of fools will drastically decrease their ETH holdings by trying to sell their ETH for BTC
Universes, not galaxies
Bout to crack a cold one to celebrate
thx just bought 100k
&gt; this is how it normally happens. by rich kids being smart about their money, sure, but that doesn't mean they have been saving up allowances since they were 14
I'm not counting on it, but never say never
&gt; Uncensorable censorship-resistant at least. "Uncensorable" is too strong a claim for a network where transactions are made in the clear
&gt; all the critical problems of Bitcoin it doesn't solve then why don't you start a discussion about one of them, instead of just saying "lol"? I agree that posts like these aren't very productive but so far this discussion we've had hasn't been either
naw, the people who have their keys are just the True Hodlers, who shall not be led astray by a mere dump. They don't care about transaction fees because to transact is to sin
liver
that's extra thrust
REAL MEN HOLD SHIFT
your bike has me questioning my sexual identity
yeah I just finished that book and that was the first thing I thought when I read the title of this post
nothing proper tires and a hard top can't solve edit: note to your dad: I'm a responsible adult, happily married and this miata is our only car
imagine being him? I quite literally cannot, it boggles my mind. The mental gymnastics involved in being a BTC maximalist and simultaneously holding the viewpoints BTC maximalists have these days are beyond my mental capacity. These people have long ago ascended beyond this plane of existence into a place where reason is perpendicular to their reality: Apply any and you simply cease to exist
Thanks for your sacrifice
&gt; antifragile hence the existence of BCH
&gt; It was you guys not me
hey you got gold for your effort in showing how BTC is losing to ETH, congrats!
yeah, just look here and copy them: https://old.reddit.com/r/btc/gilded/
if only I'd perfectly called every top and bottom, I could've been rich!
BCASH BTRASH BCASH BTRASH BCASF BTWAS BECAS BTRA ECSH BARSH BSDG BSWE
Looked like it to me
They wanted to set themselves up for the last corner before the straight
Big Merc bags
They were on softs, unlike the mercs and red bull
Didn't they say they'd investigate after the session?
keep swinging that banhammer, maybe that way you can feel like you're making a difference
&gt; Get over it. it's been almost 2 years and you're still here. Who needs to get over what exactly?
&gt; The Red Sea has amazing scuba diving oh yeah, definitely, but people looking to dive in the red sea fly to egypt, not israel. I guess a restaurant like this might work in Hurghada (no strippers tho)
&gt; keep in mind that the chart can just as easily be interpreted as about to crash through resistance. sure, I guess. Crashing through and capitulating doesn't really jive with the trend in this graph though: https://i.imgur.com/CQO4OJE.png edit: https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/activeaddresses-btc-eth-sma30.html
this is also why you want ABS
Still has to stop
Fan boost
bullshit, you up early to look fine as heck
instructions unclear, car stuck in street light
well if you sell it you get to drive it never. Is that worth the money for you? Forgive me for making wild assumptions, but you don't sound like the money would make a huge difference to you right now
When compare number 2 years ago, not sure how feel
It's an MX5 with a Fiat engine and an older transmission (only the manual). The new MX5 had some problems with its transmission (with track/autocross use) so the older transmission is a net win from a reliability perspective, the engine is straight out of other Fiats which did have some problems afaik but nothing crazy. I'd say it's probably more reliable than most Fiats, if it breaks down chances are it'll break down the same way a Fiat 500 would
looks loud!
they just going for that '90s nostalgia look
it is if you're trying to minimize input lag
your priorities differ from mine, that's OK
bro, have you tried just out-playing the arty? just, like, dodge their shots man, it's super easy
minimizing input lag is really fricking important for VR as well, unless you like throwing up after a minute or so
try really, really hard source: haven't 3 marked jack shit
depending on how you define "esports" and "competitive", it's very mainstream already (LoL/fortnite/etc) VR not so much, but that's caused in part by the high hardware requirements for VR. If everybody's PC and their grandma's laptop could run VR, it'd be far more mainstream. Hence the importance of the future of PC hardware for VR gaming
&gt; Our internet is the worst. sometimes we joke that we bought our house because we knew we could get fiber and oh yeah the rest was good enough as well, but honestly it's not far from the truth. Getting stuck with typical shitty german DSL was something I really wanted to prevent
You're forgetting packaging. If you want a small cheap RWD car that's fun to drive, you end up duplicating the MX5 including everything most other people don't like about it: 2 doors, 2 seats and barely any room for anything, nor for adults &gt; 6' If they somehow wanted to squeeze 4 seats into the same space, it'd have to be higher, with worse suspension and a traverse engine (which makes no sense at all in an RWD). All that and it would still be worse than every other normal FWD econobox in every metric that matters
hot damn it even has a wikipedia page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PowerPoint_Karaoke
&gt; an assault charge really though? could you assault someone with a water gun or a wet napkin?
€2500 rust free is a really good deal for any miata, I think, especially an NA from a shop. Almost makes me think there is something else wrong with it
yeah I meant like if that had happened in the US, according to KyleFTW that could've been construed as assault/battery
People get confused between the two
Yes, high fps reduces input lag even on a low hz monitor. Shit is still much better with high refresh rate to match the high frame rate
&gt; 1440p @144Hz + GSync are not cheap compared to the hardware required to make use of that resolution and refresh rate in current games, they actually are kind of cheap these days but yes, obviously budget is a factor, so if you can't afford a monitor that can do both then pick the option that best aligns with your preferences. Play a lot of competitive games? Go 1080p 144+hz and set everything to potato
I can only show you the way to the promised land, I cannot force you to enter it
&gt; We fix performance when it's an issue. this is what so many people don't understand, if performance isn't an issue then why spend any time on it? Obviously it's different when you know before you even start that performance will be a limiting factor, but for the kind of work most of us here do that is not the case. First and foremost things have to work, and that by itself is hard enough
&gt; Kernel and Game devs really care about performance, it's fundamental, time and power are limited resources. of all the software developers out there, these are a tiny minority edit: also, back when I was a web developer, performance was much more important than with the kind of back end work I do now, for administration/salary/inventory management etc
What is your point? Yes there are many people involved in performance sensitive things like kernel, game and driver development, but they are still vastly outnumbered by people like me who work jobs doing *mediocre* development for tons of companies out there that just have to report a bunch of numbers to the tax authorities and pay people's wages.
well yes I do live at home, my home, and I also pay the bills. Not everybody on this subreddit is a child you know
Hold on, I didn't attack console gamers, I attacked your argument that people don't see the difference. That has been debunked a million times over
Don't let a bunch of circlejerking kids on Reddit define a whole community
Well have fun being perpetually offended, not my problem. If you ever manage to cool off I promise you there are plenty of normal people playing games on the PC platform, you just have to find them
&gt; Take some pride in your work. I do, that's why performance takes a backseat to correctness and maintainability
"I do not care who makes the kill. As long as I can observe it die."
tearing/stuttering is much worse at low fps than at high fps, so it actually makes a lot of sense. Although I doubt many actually take advantage of it
tearing/stuttering is much worse at low fps than at high fps, so it actually makes a lot of sense. Although I doubt many actually take advantage of it
thanks unsubscribe
&gt; but I guess now he knows better. Depends. I mean, has he only learned that inertia is a thing or has he learned to not be a stubborn ass?
genmay
Can confirm, we see these regularly on recreational dives. Just don't stick your mittens in their mouths and you'll probably be alright. They're cool and get pretty fucking big, there are also lots of smaller morays that are more elusive and have other colors/patterns
600 pound ferrari vents ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
HD 25's definitely can, but sennheiser also has many more delicate headphones. I wouldn't want people to think my HD 595's are as sturdy as my HD 25's
just carefully pull on them a bit, on most sennheisers they'll come right off
I love push to mute
&gt; on any decently long ~~track.~~straight
you sound like a great guy to have a beer with
it was a really pretty game and it would have worked a lot better if it were developed from the ground up in vulkan/dx12 also I think going forward, any game that has the ambition of throwing 100+ players in the same area the way Planetside does will have to do dynamic LOD based not just on distance, but on player/object count as well. Assuming of course that it helps with performance, if the graphics pipeline can handle it anyway then go nuts
congrats! looks like the lightest possible spec too, right?
sounds appropriate, sort of
well maybe they argue you brake-checked them, which would make you at least partly at fault
It rotates the tires or it gets the hose again
yes, you can buy a hardwire kit (with low voltage cutoff), it'll switch into parking mode whenever you turn the ignition off. However AFAIK the only parking mode that works well is continuous low bitrate recording
if it were a game, not real life, sure
Do you have an owners manual? Read it. If not, you can probably find it on the internet in PDF form or buy it. It'll tell you when your car needs servicing
awesome!
We used to have server admins dealing with that (for better or worse), nowadays with privately run servers no longer an option in many games, the developers/publisher are the only ones who can remove toxic players
this book claims it was a bazooka: https://imgur.com/a/BCDZZuq
I've seen several Z4s but no Supras yet
That's pretty normal for many European countries, big engines/high CO2 emissions get very high tax + additional sales tax. Even cars like my Miata are significantly more expensive in those countries. Makes me glad Germany doesn't do that, otherwise I wouldn't have bought mine
the Intel X25-M launched late 2008 and that was the first real mainstream SSD as far as I recall. Other SSDs were either very expensive SLC ones, or MLC based on that Jmicron controller I've completely forgotten about that was apparently terrible. IIRC my MIL still has an old X25-M G2 160GB in her PC, no complaints
&gt; they focused excessively on facts and figures and charts when the other side was fervently playing on people's emotions I don't think campaigning with "we don't hate immigrants" is as effective as the opposite was for the leavers
Do you concur?
It's a way of saying that it's CGI, made with a computer
Environmental rules are a bitch
Oh that was just locker room kidnapping, no biggy
Have you heard about your Lord and Savior LASIK?
well it could imply those people just shit out way more nutrients than others. Kind of like what cows do
I assume that with "early" teaching /u/jesseschalken means the absolute basics as soon as the students can argue that i = 1 is different from i = "1" it stops being "early" teaching
HEEEEEYYYY SEXY LADY
&gt; you could easily do 30 mph on 4th in most modern cars most modern cars are sort of fine at 30mph in 6th depending on gearing
wow high roller right there
For real, everyone knows that the ND2 can do at least 10 sub 6 second launches before the transmission shits itself! edit: those are some salty downvotes, who did I offend?
if he does something bad we don't have to assume anything, he'll straight up tell us care for a reach-around?
the shorter screen is actually from a lower level trim, the big screen was on the highest trims from the beginning
I want to be in the screenshot when this gets deleted. Hi mom!
Unless you find the hammerpoints as well maybe
Helped you maybe, but judging from what I see over here in manual-land, people here manage to distract themselves just fine while also rowing gears
the prowler is honestly my go to weapon nowadays. The digital threat optic is what enables me to be a bit less shit than I'd normally be and the prowler fully kitted has the highest sustained DPS of all the weapons that can have a digital threat. The R-99 is better if you have good enough aim to consistently murder people with 1 magazine
&gt; only the E25 deserves the "cunt" no quarter will be given to E25s or their crew
it also shows the fact that whoever bought that car new paid €61604 in what is best described as luxury tax (sales tax is a separate tax) it's one of the ways the Netherlands can afford their social / health care and infrastructure: taxing the rich. If only they'd close the tax loopholes so that huge multinationals get taxed as well
&gt; and never faster than 30 Have you ever tried running into a brick wall at 30mph? That shit hurts yo. Also airbags are a thing and they explode into your face rather violently, you really don't want your face to be in the way of that explosion
honestly just go for broke. that 1050 ti can't put out much heat so if you think the temperatures are too high, find a cheap fan and zip-tie it to the heatsink. it'll be fine up to 85 C but with lower temperatures you can overclock higher
does it have the stock fans? if so, you can probably increase performance by taking the puny stock fans off and replacing them with 2 120mm fans (macgyver it). It's not as good as watercooling but way better than what you get with stock
yep, this method with the VF curve and locking the voltage is the only way I can get my RTX 2080 to stick to 1.068v, otherwise 1.05v was as high as it would go. I just used the 1.068v voltage point and overclocked it with it locked (using CTRL-L), then you can disable the lock and it will only use highest voltage when under load. I don't know what the max voltage is with the 1070ti, it might be higher
&gt; Even if you lock the voltage, it won't always work. for me it was the other way around, dropping every point above the voltage I wanted didn't work but locking then unlocking did. Oh well
&gt; 3rd partying is always the better option. not when you're a man down it isn't. Yes it COULD be but maybe just wait a second for the other guy to catch up before you go pick a fight
if they didn't you wouldn't have seen that the handle is hollow
I do leave, then sometimes I come back to get drunk with my mates and blast people with a KV-2 platoon
from the ram spec (yellow circle): https://i.imgur.com/bu2TT1k.jpg it already says 3200C16 which is a hint but you can google it and find that it is indeed a 2x16gb 3200 C16 kit: https://www.google.com/search?q=cmt32gx4m2c3200c16 so not only is it broken, it's even broken while running at way under its rated speed
it's great artwork but I'm not a fan of sexualizing every single female game character
it's really nice at mid-range but IMO a double-tap scout works just the same and is superior at long range
according to [these guys](https://i.imgur.com/UV187tC.png), yes
sprinkle some crack on them
Sometimes though, fucking off and/or putting the dishes in the dishwasher is exactly what I need to get my job done
&gt; That's why you ~~always install your PSU and plug it into the wall (don't turn it on) before putting any other parts in your PC. The case is now completely grounded from static discharge.~~ buy an anti-static mat and wrist strap
BTC maxis hating on Bitpay is really the only thing you need to know about how backwards they are. Bitpay is OG and are bitcoiners through and through, the only reason they added BCH and ETH is because BTC stopped being bitcoin somewhere in 2015/2016
There's nothing wrong with it from my experience, but it's been a while since I used them
The ND Miata has a 1:1 6th gear
yeah that's what I thought May 2019 as well. Fuck it though, we still deserve it
your car is glorious sir, and I salute you
Fuck that, 0.02 is grossly undervalued. What daddy needs is a time where we don't care about any ratio and it's the BTCers that worry about theirs dropping below 1 ETH/BTC
I'm sorry, you win. I cannot argue with you on your level
&gt; I appreciate your honesty. There is always time to learn more. oh of course, I'd love to hear your reasoning behind this one for example &gt; Increasing the block size was only a temporary solution. given that the blocksize was decreased from 32MB to 1MB by satoshi as a temporary solution. I take it you have some legendary leap of logic to explain that one Edit: thanks for proving my point by not even bothering to answer, bye now
so you're saying they're scaling it *up to* 4k?
I was trying to make a joke
found him!
There are plenty of people who commute 10 miles or even more by bike, and not one of those fancy electric assist ones either. Keep at it and your 1 mile can turn into that 10 miles, and when you're there you might go on a 50 mile bike trip on a nice day just for the heck of it
I bought a $90 brother laser like 10 years ago at least and it still works great
white laundry gets the wool program, colored laundry gets the scrubbing board
guys, I drew this totally legit trend line just now: https://i.imgur.com/o1LpYr2.png if this holds, ETH is going to be *at least* 10K USD by september 2021
he might know a phone costs hundreds of dollars but that doesn't mean he understands what that money represents
no I wasn't breaking expensive shit, but that wasn't because I actually understood the value of money. Mostly the expensive shit was just not as breakable as it is today, and there was less of it that I had access to
the new network would have to have a superset of ethereum's functionality though (or at least the bits that matter), and it will have to have something big to drive adoption which begs the question, what would a that network have to include from ethereum to have it be good enough for people to even consider abandoning ethereum? Which of ethereum's features are the ones that would actually matter and would be required in any network looking to supplant ethereum? Which could be cut? from what I've seen, many people seem all to eager to abandon the decentralization that we think so highly of. So far it hasn't actually worked, but people keep trying and they keep finding people that like their new centralized product
the line doth not lie: https://i.imgur.com/M5v0OYX.png extrapolating this 10 week trend over another 60+ weeks is totally legit
&gt; Looking to sell bch same here. Question is do I cut my losses now or wait to see if it has one last huzzah moment?
yeah, not too long ago I was surprised to see the BCH price twice as high as ETH. Should've swapped back then, they're almost equal now
not gonna lie, that's some big dick energy
no it's a problem you share with a lot of other fucked up countries
Only if you sold everything
If you have high appetite for risk then you came to the right place
they use the Diemaco C7 / Colt Canada C7, it's an M16 variant
well you'd be going through walls either way
&gt; Usually when I come to a stop I’ll just brake in my current gear (usually 4th) until I’m at ~10mph and then put it into neutral and come to a stop. Of course if the light turns green suddenly I can downshift into second This is fine, just make sure you don't lug the engine by applying throttle at too low RPM. Some people will downshift to 3rd and/or 2nd when approaching a light to be ready to accelerate. This is what motorcycle riders will usually do, partly for safety, partly because those are sequential transmissions so they can't skip gears anyway
does it have rust? do your research and check, thoroughly
I see you have the 17" ND wheels on there, have you tried the 16" ones?
the 16" ND wheels look really good on NAs and NBs IMO
These wheels come in 16" too. Not exactly the same, but similar: https://www.reddit.com/r/miata/comments/9e0xry
I honestly don't give a damn, as long as it DOESN'T PUT ALL THE SKILLED PLAYERS ON ONE TEAM
&gt; Btw, my NC is my fav car I’ve ever owned. I fuckin love it. then it makes sense to keep it, right?
&gt; sense isn’t my top priority then I suggest you stay away from Mazda dealers or deal with the consequences
oh DOGS, sure I like dogs
loud crunching sounds and car heaves violently when I put it in drive
even if solely used for gaming, it's still an issue if most of your playtime is just one or two different games. UI elements are static
&gt; I see both sides do this. sides? what? Why do you think this is another USA libruls vs. true american patriots thing? did you just assume their political affiliation from their stupid fucking tweets?
spinning what now? these are people speaking their minds on twitter, what do CNN or Fox have to do with this?
I know, but if he is going to defend these people with the "both sides" bullshit, I want him to acknowledge that these people didn't even come up with their bullshit themselves but let Fox dictate it to them instead
thanks, not very intuitive if you ask me tho
because only bootlickers care
No, because the USDT spam on the BTC chain has finally stopped ^^/s
so you think NOW is a good time to finally engage your brain and start thinking critically? you're a bit late there buddy. I also really like the implication that those damn libruls only hate racism because CNN told them to
https://i.imgur.com/RQVSY7x.png ?
I haven't had CPUs burn out, but I did have my AMD HD7950 become unstable at previously stable voltage/frequency settings, same test / temps and everything. I ended up having to back off that OC by a fair margin to get it stable again
&gt; Current is drawn, and current is (almost) meaningless in terms of potential damage. It's the voltage that matters, both in the "Oh no, it's smoking" sense and the very gradual degradation over decades of use. I don't think you can separate these two like this, high current happens at high voltages and the combination kills chips. The voltage spikes that occur when people use way too aggressive LLC settings are the main culprit AFAIK. I'd much rather use moderate LLC and have a high voltage at low load that droops to safer levels at higher loads than run aggressive LLC in an attempt to reduce stable voltage at high load
you overestimate the quality of the average review
well they do actually show a map of the nordschleife in the video at 1:12 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvB1lbZRADI&amp;t=72
400 thousand deaths is a "fraud"?
drastic measures were taken and so far only 110 thousand people died in your country. Do you have an educated opinion on how many people would have died if no measures were taken? Considering that you think that the 2 million number is a "wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain", I take it you can tell me it's 1 million or 200 thousand or something, right?
and based on those 3 things you claim, what do you believe that the number of deaths would've been if no measures were taken? It's not 2 million according to you. Who stands to gain personally / financially from saying it would've been 2 million? Who should be charged with fraud, based on what evidence?
&gt; Both pictures are racially biased based on US population racial percentage. 10 out of 10 for that magnificent backflip, very impressive
if you convince yourself the virus is all one big librul hoax, then anything is possible
ok snowflake
lol ok so trump can sign executive orders for whatever bullshit he wants but when a global fucking pandemic comes knocking, suddenly it's the dems fault that he can't act? I thought you voted for a winner
so I put some shards in yo shards so you can ETH while you ETH
it's definitely very high but still doable. Plenty of people have overclocked their current gen GPUs to draw nearly as much power
oh I like this bonus points for mouthing "sorry I can't hear you over this airhorn"
I'm honestly lost for words, it saddens me on so many levels
well obviously NASA, they'll need rockets to join up with the space nazis on the dark side of the moon
you're right, the US didn't swoop in and save the day. Whether the brits and russians could've done it without their help, I don't know
&gt; Anyway, I just waffled far more than anybody is actually interested nah man, that was an interesting read. Thanks for waffling!
but what happens then is that the main quest evil monsters that are going to destroy the world are weaksauce compared to the bandit gang that's been stealing bread from the local market
are you here to start a fight or what?
&gt; I'm all ears. I very much doubt that. To get some context I took the liberty of casually scrolling through your reddit history, where I found nuggets like these: https://i.imgur.com/09v8ogc.png https://old.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/gf41zy/criminals_that_have_committed_a_severely_serious/ if you're of the mindset that literal war crimes as committed by literal nazis are acceptable, then I don't think you'll want to hear anything I have to say
got a big bounce with a stubborn fuze?
Oh you mean like when someone dies after a cop tasers them, the cops say they couldn't have known? If this shooting is self defense against a lethal weapon, then anytime a cop tasers someone they're using a lethal weapon as well
it can get annoying at times but I think it makes him far more likable
Don't forget the comparisons with apes, monkeys, gorillas. People say that shit far too lightly for how racist their intent with those words is
Third time's a charm
if he doesn't want people to make fun of his failing health, maybe he shouldn't lie so much about it
&gt; Sigh. Has everyone just gone illiterate here? yes, obviously. You're the last bastion of rational thought and morality here, henceforth it's your destiny to bestow upon us your eternal wisdom with your unending patience
&gt; Thank god for the P-51. Greg from Greg's Airplanes and Automobiles makes a compelling case that fighter escorts would have been easily possible before the P-51 was available in numbers, although the P-51 made it a lot easier: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCLa078v69k in particular, he argues that escorts would've been available for the [Schweinfurt bombings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schweinfurt%E2%80%93Regensburg_mission) if the political will were there. The idea that the P-51 is the first fighter that could've escorted bombers that far is (according to him) something that was invented after the fact to cover up for the awful losses that were incurred on those unescorted bombing missions
Honestly I'm here for .1 at the very least. BTC ain't got nothing on us
Congrats, they got lucky
well I didn't, but now I'm obliged
Nah man my experience with this beta is pretty much flawless
&gt; It's really nice to be turning 1700rpm at 70mph in 6th &gt; The 5.3 already feels a bit low in the TQ department Well you're not going to get blown away by V8 power if you try to overtake with the engine barely above idle
it's ok bby
it's patina!
Which country? Things aren't so clear if you've emigrated a long time ago
hä? wa?
I'm impressed by the reaction time of the driver and commander
Why do you assume that people bring their own cars for the test in Germany? Just because that's the way it works in Belgium? Germany is very different from Belgium in many ways, including how driver's education works. If this comes as a surprise to you then you should take a vacation in Germany, it'll be fun as you discover all the small and big ways these countries differ
I don't care as long as they ACTUALLY SYNCHRONIZE IT WITH THE VIDEO FEED seeing gear changes / pedal position / G-forces and all that jazz is pretty damn worthless if it's not synchronized EXACTLY with the video feed. Which it isn't and hasn't been for YEARS now this bothers me a bit more than it should, maybe, but to me it just reeks of incompetence somewhere along the line that those graphics are consistently a few 10ths of a second ahead of the video feed, which as we know is a frikking eternity in terms of formula 1 cars
Yep, I was a long time sync user and was worried about the new version not working for me, but I've been using it the whole time without a single complaint. It just works, and as a fellow developer I know that takes a lot more time and effort than people think it does
News having impact on the price? What do you think this is, some kind of company stock?
You did good, this society needs people to get called out on their asshole behavior or they'll never learn to not be assholes
Why waste money donating to reddit?
what do you guys think about metrics like the number of active addresses? https://i.imgur.com/BX5uUmf.png it's a crude metric but combined with everything else it seems very bullish for the long term
I don't think it has any use for short term trading
&gt; It's never too late to ~~join their ranks.~~ stack them bills
No, for rollover protection it's basically the same as the soft top with the added problem of not being able to fit a roll bar and still have the top go down
Soul Crystal Red looks awesome through sunglasses, Machine Gray won't look dirty as quickly
Don't let your dreams be dreams
&gt; Responses will not be read. OK snowflake
I JUST bought a 1 year subscription to F1TV Pro not 3 days ago and now it says my subscription plan is "user"? and I can't watch anything? what the fuck? edit: well I guess I have to wait for support to get back to work again on monday. If this was race weekend I'd be proper pissed right now
uhm excuse me but I think it's illegal in several countries to have a miata THIS CLEAN
a $900 NA **no rust** makes running noises and has a hard top? the poor seller doesn't know what they have
&gt; kids some people never grow up you know
Aw crap, I thought I might buy some next week but I guess I totally underestimated demand
6K ought to pay for a proper turbo install with everything
depends entirely on what kind of games you want to play. Stuff like beat saber doesn't need much power
&gt; It's a very recent thing. no it isn't, dual channel memory has been the standard since the Pentium 4 (rambus!) / Athlon 64 era. People who weren't using 2 sticks of RAM since then have been severely hampering the performance of their PCs for no benefit at all. Even before that when SDR and DDR RAM was single channel, it was still advisable to have the correct number of memory *ranks* to get the optimum performance although I guess many people never thought about that
at the same speed, definitely yes. However, whether 2x 4GB DDR3 at 1600mhz would be faster than 1x 8GB DDR4 at 3200mhz is a different question
just because some people here were misinformed doesn't mean everyone has been asleep at the keyboard
&gt; The truth is that it didn't matter for gaming, now it does. it always mattered, sometimes more, sometimes less. Let me rewind the clock to about *two decades ago* and we'll find tests like these: https://i.imgur.com/9H6r8gY.png comparing RAMBUS to DDR2 at several speeds. See what happens? Faster RAM =&gt; faster game https://www.computerbase.de/2002-08/test-das-ep-4g4a-plus-von-epox-i845g-mit-ddr333/8/ edit: I replaced that graph because I accidentally showed the percentages instead of FPS
&gt; It does matter but not much in gaming, until recently. I refer to this post: https://old.reddit.com/r/ValveIndex/comments/hgu7up/why_do_people_feel_the_need_to_lie_about_their/fw6fwdg/
very very frightening!
I'm sorry I can't argue with such a heap of bullshit. You go ahead and watch a few more YouTube videos, maybe that'll help
dual channel RAM delivers literally double the bandwidth versus the same system with 1 stick of RAM removed. That is night and day for any application that is (sometimes) bound by memory bandwidth. Those benchmarks I linked to were to show you that games have always been affected by RAM performance, bandwidth being a major part of that &gt; So far high-end VR is the only space where it makes a crucial, must-have difference in gaming. In other types of gaming, your CPU and GPU matter way more. even in VR the CPU and GPU are way more important and I never claimed otherwise. Literally halving the performance of either is going to have way more impact than doing the same with RAM But I digress. You've watched a few youtube videos and upgraded your system, good for you. Now you act as if you're the expert on these matters just because you benchmarked your system before and after? Do you not realize that people have been building PCs and benchmarking games for literally decades now? And that some of these people might be people you interact with on reddit? You're pissing up the wrong tree here. I get that you want very much to be right about your experience, that your system with a single stick of RAM was perfectly fine before for normal gaming and that you totally didn't make a beginner mistake even building it like that, but you're not. Building a modern gaming PC with only 1 channel of RAM populated is unnecessarily gimping the performance of your PC, and if *you are lucky* it might not be that bad. This was known before you built your PC, before you watched those videos and before you benchmarked it after upgrading and came to the revelation that having 2 channels indeed improves performance. In fact, back when dual channel RAM for consumer products was a fairly new concept, AMD used it as a way to differentiate between their value products (single channel socket 754) and their performance line (dual channel socket 939). Gamers who built a nice socket 939 system with their shiny new Athlon 64 CPUs but only had 1 channel populated were gimping the performance of their PCs enough that AMD figured they might as well have bought their value products. If you were arguing on forums back then that it doesn't matter, then I would have told you you're wrong just the same
&gt; That's why a lot of people still have single channel RAM sticks and still insist it doesn't matter, because for a long time it didn't really matter compared to the rest of your hardware. They're wrong now **but they weren't wrong five years ago.** bull fucking shit but go ahead and justify your own mistake a few times more, it's a lot easier to dig up articles that sorta maybe tell you that you weren't THAT wrong than to admit to yourself that **for the same money** you could have had better performance all that time by making better choices. Getting 2 sticks of RAM instead of one costs pretty much the same, gets you better performance no matter how much you deny it and you should've known that back when you built your PC. Well shit happens and you learn. Trying to tell yourself that you weren't wrong back then doesn't help anybody
What? How would how he views his friends change anything about their intelligence? If they're stupid then they're stupid, whether he's friends with them or thinks they're stupid doesn't matter
That's exactly what they want
Still works for stuff like CSGO
75hz is already heaps better than 60. For me the diminishing returns kick in at around 110 or so
