That is the quintessential smile of acknowledging someone’s presence and nothing else
&gt; Don't really care for the circle jerk to be honest. You do know this is reddit, right?
It was nice to have the extra XP while getting to 120, but now it's just a big ol' "come have half of your fucking horde guild kill me thanks" flag 10% AP isn't worth it at all.
I'm reading more and more tweets from people familiar with the area that comment on how overall shit that road is. And also says that the initial investigation presumes it was placed there. Nothing official yet, this like just happened.
These are always the guys I play in DFS. I pick what I feel is a solid team and still lose because of shit like this.
My dad once went to put a plate of frozen chicken wings (iirc) in the microwave and instead of the 6 minutes it required, he put one extra zero in. Somehow he didn't realize it'd been more than six minutes and eventually the plate shattered and the wings were charcoal
&gt; under seasoned Biggest mistake most people make is this right here. Use salt, god damn it.
Wouldn't that be sous vide?
&gt; orgeat syrup Which is used solely in cocktails. A high school home ec class wouldn't just have that lying around.
A friend of my brother's once read 1 1/2 cups in a recipe as a "11/2 cups" So, four more cups of flour than that recipe needed.
&gt;everyone got about 2-3 fingers. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
This might be the most horrifying thing I've read on reddit.
Washington 10-31 Arizona State PAC 12 after dark
Triggered
No loved player has ever been traded for prospects ever
I’m enjoying this mental image
Now I’m not.
And Cain and bum too
Like the cow's got a martini? That's what I'm seeing
&gt; no one quite got upset enough to really make a huge thing about it. Quintessentially British.
Fucking excellent. I'd gild you but I don't want to give this site any of my money.
Post I replied to was talking about the 19th century tho
🤛🏻
I keep a bottle of tapatio in my glove box
Gym shorts for me. But yes the second I get home, pants off, shorts on.
Only 4.9% of the US population works more than one job.
https://www.bls.gov/opub/ted/2018/mobile/4-point-9-percent-of-workers-held-more-than-one-job-at-the-same-time-in-2017.htm The true number may be a bit higher than that, but your original claim that the “average” American is working 2-3 jobs is still complete bullshit
I don’t know why you insist on calling them candy bars, there’s plenty of brands out there that aren’t loaded with sugar.
He also did a ton of fucking cocaine
This is amazing
No one reading the article? Shocking
I meant to reply to you to back up your post. Also I didn't want that guy actually responding to me
I just now got what the hell this line meant.
I SAID HEY WHATS GOIN ON
People’s phones, on the other hand....
How the fuck are you going through a pound a week And even if you are, there’s still no way buying brewed coffee from Starbucks is cheaper.
I like that you like that he doesn’t like that
Not every.
&gt; You're already getting a burger and fries... skip dessert this time. So many people don't seem to realize this. I work with people who'll get whatever entree for lunch and then they'll also get a huge fucking smoothie. Like, you're literally eating two meals!
They used to serve a white hot chocolate which was basically just that mix but heated up. God, it tasted like Wilford Brimley's ulcers
Yes, because that's a whole different fucking restaurant.
Yeah there was a huge fuckin sign for it at my nearest
Yeah I've never understood that. They're 13-17 if you wanna be technical.
What ruins it for me is that the comments on 98% of posts on reddit now are just a massive "OMG THIS IS SO OBVIOUSLY FAKE" circlejerk
"I'm Jewish."
Few people applying for food stamps own their own home as it is, and per the asset test, a house would render you completely ineligible due to its immense value (relatively).
So long as the repost isn’t trying to claim it’s OC, I really don’t care. And even if it is, I still don’t care. 🤷🏻‍♂️
How Can Comments Be Real If Our Eyes Aren't Real?
I mean...that's one way to describe it.
Davidson doesn't have scholarships either, right? Edit: someone linked but deleted, Davidson does have athletic scholarships, just their football program does not nor does any other team in their football conference.
He saw a spider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag1o3koTLWM
If they called bullshit, they would need to explain how they know it's not possible to have their claim taken seriously which would involve them showing all of their spaceflights that failed and resulted in a cosmonaut's death which would have been damaging to their image for sure.
Yeah, one could be called something like "Supporters' Shield" and the other could be called something like "MLS Cup." I think that would work.
"Best regular season record" would then be the honorific.
*hear hear
Ocean's 11 is the first place your mind goes with Don Cheadle?
No tax bracket has a marginal rate lower than 10% and that bracket is people in abject poverty.
People act like waiting hours to be seen in the ER is only a feature of UHC systems. I'm an American and while I have a very good health plan with a very good medical group, I've still had to wait hours to be seen in the ER. Most of the people who state that about the ER in socialized medicine countries are people who have never been to the ER at all. Part of the reason American ERs get jammed up is because of all the people who can't fucking afford coverage going to ERs to get treated because they either know they won't get charged or they've had to wait so long that their condition got really bad. Wait times will always exist, but I guarantee the average American ER wait time would go down with the advent of some system more accessible and affordable for its citizens.
Same, it took me way too long to separate the two in my mind
&gt; This ~~sub~~ site is mostly white ftfy
&gt;black culture tourists Now that’s a hell of a description
[Zenit did it with 6.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Cup_and_UEFA_Champions_League_records_and_statistics#Fewest_points_achieved,_yet_advanced)
Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
Apparently this is only allowed in college and HS, but not NFL. Interesting.
Yeah, the first part that caught my eye was the wording "in the process of separating." Not "divorcing." Separating.
It reminds me of a post in r/creepypms where someone had gotten food delivered and the person who brought it was trying to hit on the person he delivered to and said something like "oh don't worry, i'm married too but that's changing rapidly at the moment." Gee, I wonder why.
Yeah this isn't slutshaming at all and it makes her an even worse person for trying to use that as a shield.
You didn't look westward at the exact right time to see their smoke signal? Bah, casual.
I had an outdoor cat that made it to 16 with three legs. They can be quite the fighters sometimes
He still gets income from his videos, it's not like that's just stopped.
&gt; but did that team have the kind of production from their RBs Green Bay? RB production?
Fortunately I can grow a beard and there's no history of baldness in my family.
I appreciate your self-awareness in shaving and not being in denial about it. :)
&gt; he felt it was necessary to photograph himself restraining the lady. Or, you know, someone else could have taken the picture as several people filmed the altercation. &gt;knowing that he is going to go internet famous with this subway “home run" How in the fuck could he have "known" he was gonna go internet famous? Fuck outta here with this shit.
Hah! I used to steal the TP from uni bathrooms, too.
Requiring a signature to be in any form would likely run afoul of ADA protections.
My ex had two kids and holy fucking CHRIST they used so much. Then one got scared he'd get in trouble for clogging the toilet so he started throwing it in the garbage.
Ours always had a lock on it, I had a pocket knife with a small blade that could jump the whole thing in two seconds.
Yeah 64 P5 teams, tougher than 90% would mean a top 6 SOS. Edit: 90th percentile on 64 teams is top 6
That sagarin link lists UF at 34. The number on the far right weights recent games more heavily.
Your own sagarin link shows a SoS of 34. Shut up already.
Especially considering the bigger conferences now, you're not always playing the toughest opponents in your own conference so that's going to affect it as well. Per Sagarin, for UF from this season going backwards, SoS has been: 34, 39, 25, 19, 16, 19, 4. So only one of those years was better than 90% of P5 teams. Also I goofed in my original post, 90th percentile SoS would be a top 6 SoS.
If you're trying to get me to send you a pic of my asshole, it's not gonna work
Panda DKs would’ve been great
Few things anger me more than *quatre-vingts*
It's decided locally here in CA as well. I know in my county there's no laws about open containers on the street, but everyone assumes there is.
American biscuits are not scones, scones are sweet. And damper is soda bread traditionally baked over a campfire, with no sweetness to it.
Every recipe I find for scones calls for sugar. No recipe for an American biscuit calls for sugar.
I had someone just throw a block of ice at me one day after school. No idea where he got it.
Fuck, Aaron Hernandez did this same shit and look what that got him.
Vietnamese and Filipinos say it in NorCal too
I don’t know what a trade would’ve helped because Urban Meyer apparently warned teams to not draft him because his issues weren’t worth the trouble.
Oh holy fuck
tfw a player two inches taller than you is called a midget ;-;
&gt;*I really don't like the idea of mandatory art consumption. It's a slippery slope to 1984. And yes, I am aware that children are made to read in school, but this is a different thing entirely.* What the fresh hell is this shit
To ping you again: Part of the interesting result of all GER teams playing an ENG team started back when the groups themselves were drawn. There was one GER team in each one of the four pots. ENG teams were to be found in Pots 1-3, with pot 2 containing two ENG teams. So that right there gives you three teams who can't be drawn into the same group, thereby having a chance to be drawn against each other in the R16. Bayern/City were together in Pot 1 and Liverpool/Schalke were together in Pot 3, so two more pairings of ENG/GER that can't appear in a group together and also have a chance to face each other in the R16. Pot 1 had 3 of the 4 ESP entrants, with Valencia in Pot 3 alongside Liverpool. So every ESP team could be drawn against one of three ENG sides and by this, we ended up with two ESP/ENG pairings in group stages. Also, ESP got unusual representation in Pot 1 as last season's CL winner, EL winner and La Liga winner were all different ESP teams (Real, Atlético and Barcelona respectively). The Pot 1 allocations are to the champions of the leagues ranked 1-6 and then the CL and EL holders. However, if both of those cups had been won by champs already in Pot 1 (ex. Barcelona won CL, Lokomotiv won EL), the CL/EL auto spots would not have been necessary and would have been passed down to Porto and Club Brugge. That all occurring would've made the groups and then the R16 draw a lot different. So the unlikely bit already happened with the three ESP sides taking Pot 1 spots. After that it was pretty much set the R16 draw would end up this way after the groups went the way they did.
I saw this exact type of argument about getting rid of the penny in the States. It said something like "well if we remove the penny then the next is the nickel and before you know it a loaf of bread will be $100" Like, where in the hell did you even get that from? That slope is more slippy than crisco mixed with gear grease.
&gt;The stink spray? I highly doubt it. There are similar automatic sprays in many bathrooms, some of them directly over sinks or urinals, and those are legal. They're legal because they're not fucking booby traps, jackass.
It’s a cute overload for sure. I shrieked when I saw this
They should leave the fee in place, but have it be waived if you receive validation from the hospital itself. Otherwise, hospital lots in cities where parking is at a premium would be overrun with people not actually at the hospital.
&gt; but the waits are only based on priority of needed treatment. Have a broken arm? Well, he’s been shot. We’ll get to you right after. And guess what? That's exactly how most ERs here work, too! It's called triage. Emergency rooms aren't checkout lines where it's first come first served, it's all done on the basis of "who's more likely to die at this moment." And on the cost factor, no one seems to want to listen to the actual fact that it would be far cheaper for the states to implement an NHS. All they hear is "oh it'll cost this much!!!!!111" and have no fucking clue how much is already spent.
This was a John Steinbeck quote.
Your tax is already paying for healthcare. Socialized medicine would make the cost of health care go *down*. Your tax liability would *decrease*. Can you just not read well, or what's going on here?
A house is a good. Deciding to own a house is a choice one makes. It should be up to that person to protect their house from fire danger. The government shouldn't subsidize homeowners by collecting taxes for fire services.
I started cracking up at my desk listening to Dead Locs because of how fucking erratic the whole thing is
It's super disorienting to listen to.
I think, *think*, what they were trying to get at is if the trademark wasn't actively being protected or something, Epic is somehow in the clear. But this isn't adverse possession because they're not claiming ownership of something
For another first rounder, somehow.
Common law marriage is only a thing in 9 US jurisdictions. You don't necessarily have to have a wedding ceremony, but just present yourself. There's also no minimum requirement as to how long you have to live together, just it be obvious that continued cohabitation is intended. And anyway, this isn't a point backing up the original point of "wedding minus the legal commitments." If you get divorced from a common law spouse, the procedure is exactly the same as a legally married couple would face, as marriage was established in common law, but divorce was only established in statutory law.
The shitty thing for a lot of women is even when they actually care more about the person than the ring and have the same opinion as you of not caring about the ring, a lot of other people around them will act as if they're covering for a cheap boyfriend or like the woman has been gaslit by her boyfriend.
Apparently u/Zanctmao said somewhere that the date it's announced is what counts. Which is fine with me, but that should be made clearer in the OP.
I'm in California and we had our eyes and ears checked all the way up to grade 10 (16 years old or so)
I found out about it from a reddit comment a couple years ago and it's always worked well for my ringing
I had the first one happen to me in the hospital. They'd taken my IV out to replace it, so I was gonna take a shower while it was out. Well I'd been in bed for like three days straight, so I stood up as quick as I could and blacked out.
I'm just thinking of Walk Hard: *Sam: Get out of here, Dewey!* *Dewey: What are y'all doing in here?* *Sam: It's called cocaine, and you don't want no part of this shit!* *Dewey: Cocaine?* *[Sam nods and smiles]* *Dewey: What's it do?* *Sam: It turns all your bad feelings into good feelings. It's a nightmare!*
The state of Alabama once set up a Gofundme to balance their budget
bruh me too. i refreshed FB like 3 times before it dawned on me
/u/FastGravy was t'd for this post
February 19th, 2019
The problem is the loophole they use of "well you buy x number of points and you can use those points in game to buy stuff". The same loophole for pachinko parlors in Japan not being considered gambling, because you're just winning silver balls
Username checks out
Bad bot
I have a refinery in my town in CA and gas here is still $3. It’s not just about having refineries
Sweet Christ I’m hard
Because Reddit loves to upvote the shit out of unproven bullshit callouts to feel included
“Be kind to others you stupid fucking cunt.”
So Simmons needs to start assaulting players, got it
A few posts back in his history he's defending putin, so you're on to something
My family used to do gag gifts on christmas eve, so it was intentionally a gift given to make fun of something that family member did that year. Was always wonderful
Ammon Bundy and co. weren't aiming to overthrow the government, they were protesting the imprisonment of two of their family members and protesting the imagined over reach of the Bureau of Land Management.
🙌🏻
Boy what the hell are you smoking
There’s a ton of full time streamers who average far less than 1500. 1500 avg would be outstanding
...what
Everything in the OP got more and more illegal as I read it. That's almost impressive.
By Gerry and the Pacemakers
Yeah that's been the most infuriating thing is the stupid mistakes this year cost the Pack in games they should have been *easily* winning. Even if you just accept the two 14-point losses, they'd still be 13-2 right now winning every other game they lost by 8 or fewer points or tied. Edit: Packers are also the only team with a positive point differential and a losing record and have scored more points than 5 teams still in contention for a playoff berth or have already clinched one.
Yeah, if it was a shirt I really liked, I'd be stoked to have a backup when the other one gets too worn out or something
I used to get like 90 mailing list type emails a day so I finally unsubbed from 95% of them and now i get like 10 emails a day total. It's wonderful.
It took me about three years of Sundays to realize "hey you don't have to play hungover"
Didn't Troy Deeny score like 8 goals in a lower league while absolutely pissed?
I already was at half chub reading that.
How does one figuratively win a bowl game?
Yeah I'm only at half chub rn.
I've played enough FM to know better.
SUBSCRIBE
And now City is in third!
If you start counting Alabama's championship trophies, would you start at 0 or 1?
Also a simpler explanation is if you start counting anything, you start counting at 1, not zero. Similar reasoning as to why a goal scored say 30 seconds after the start of a soccer game is noted as having occurred in the first minute.
Appalachian State has won two bowl games this century.
If you want to get philosophical, we can point out that time is a construct that we designed to give sense to things. [Here's](https://www.theguardian.com/theguardian/2010/jan/13/how-ancient-rome-counted-years) a good article on it. The tl;dr on it is that when the calendar was being adjusted by the Romans, they didn't have a concept of zero like the Hindu and Arab cultures did.
And even if they could get it off within the same day, they'd have barely 2 days to turn the stadium around for the Cotton Bowl.
Sunday was three days ago. Both teams would have to pack up all of their gear, load it up and get it over to Arlington, then set it all back up, then as was mentioned, get people to the stadium to staff everything necessary. The game would be lucky to kick off again by 9pm. Assume a 3hr game, gives almost exactly two full days to then clear out all of Boise/BC's gear and clean the place, re-inspect the field to make sure it's still in shape for the Cotton Bowl, contact whatever distributors to restock the stadium with whatever was depleted from re-hosting a bowl, etc. Flipping stadia, especially ones as big as Jerryworld can take a long fucking time.
According to [this](https://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/sports/Lakers-Clippers-Basketball-Court-Change-NBA-NHL-198503961.html), flipping hockey-to-basketball only takes 2hr 15min and flipping basketball teams only takes 90 minutes. AT&amp;T is absolutely massive. The playing surface is actually 50ft below the surrounding ground level with a 300ft high roof. When I was down there, I was standing about 300yds away from the stadium in an adjacent parking lot and I still couldn't believe how massive the structure was.
I'm an even worse Sombra, I promise.
All the time on r/gaming or r/pcmasterrace, you see anti-preordering posts. And everyone in the comments is up in arms for the cause! Yeah, fuck pre-orders! But then one of couple things happens. They'll not preorder anything except "just this one game, this dev has always been good." Or, they'll just rush and get it within seconds of its launch, as if that is in anyway different than preordering. Then they'll invariably get their heart broken and start the cycle again.
For planned events, yes, it's very easy. If the FR bowl was planned to be in Arlington today and then the Cotton Bowl on Saturday, I'm sure it'd be little issue as they could pre-plan things for the switchover But asking a stadium to take on a bowl on literal hours notice and somehow expect that stadium to be up and ready for another event barely 2 days after? I'm not sure what part you're having trouble understanding.
It could be worse. The settlers could have decided to forgo Dallas but then given up in Reno and you could be living there.
Yeah a lot of HS athletes don't understand they only look amazing because everyone they play against is awful. Then they don't do homework and play games all day, but they're convinced they're going pro.
You really hit it on the head with your edit. The way we should phrase these things in our minds is "Everything will *start* to get better and easier after x". Acknowledge it's only the start of a new process and it's not a magical panacea that will fix it all.
I just wanna say your I like your username because that's the band name I used in *Rock Band*.
&gt; stupid racist uncle he has no one else to spend the holidays with. I wonder why.
His name was Lewis F. Powell.
By well hidden, do you mean right on the front page of their website? https://www.hrblock.com
There’s plenty of free options.
I went to so many games as a kid because tickets were stupid cheap. Now I’m lucky if I can get to one a year.
&gt; &lt;dramatic pause&gt; &gt; &gt; doink doink I just imagined this as some sort of clown noise and now I'm choking back laughter.
unsubscribe
Imagining someone the size of a linebacker running screaming from a cow is fantastic.
You don't take a certain friend to the game: "ugh, why don't you ever go anywhere with me!?" You take them to the game, they're on the phone all night: "ugh, that was so boring" Solution: Don't have friends.
What the fuck is wrong with you
Without fucking question. If you have to pre-qualify any statement, it's immediately invalidated. "No offense, but..." Bitch, don't say it!
Yeah, but you can only hear so many people answer that question with "My weakness is perfection. I try too hard to be perfect" before you want to ram a pencil up your dickhole.
Was I imagining things or was the game thread locked in the third quarter?
Boil over.
I guarantee at some point in the nearish future, reddit devs will "discover" a security flaw in old reddit and in the interest of "security," they'll scuttle old reddit.
Home Depot basically did that too. There used to be plenty of employees there who knew their stuff re: home improvement. Now they're just garden variety retail employees who only know what aisle shit is on.
Sony did this once with music CDs. It was thwarted with a permanent marker run around the edge of the disc.
As someone who’s played 20 hours of Golf With Your Friends this week, I feel attacked
Truer words have never been spoken.
Johnathan Sanchez would've had a perfecto too if Uribe hadn't kicked it. Imagine him and Galarraga and Humber all on the perfect games list.
I'm alarmed at the number of gun nuts I've known who are horrible shots.
this gave me cancer, faggot. well done
I had a stay-at-home dad growing up, so I never even understood that these sorts of tasks were ascribed gender roles at all. Dad cooked dinner, dad did laundry. Just seemed to make sense to me.
You just gonna disrespect the Lord's boy Tim Tebow like that? Also in 1993, Charlie Ward won the Heisman and went and played basketball instead
I was explaining this the other day to someone. The US has had 44 presidents (nb Trump is #45, Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms). It's not a particularly impressive feat to name them all. Of those 44 people to be president, 40 are dead. We know where those 40 are all buried, it's very well documented. The UK, on the other hand, recently rediscovered a king's remains (Richard III) who they'd lost the location of *for over 500 fucking years*. Richard III died seven years before Columbus set sail. He died a little over 100 years before the first British settlements existed in America. He was under a bang average car park of all things. And that's just one example of how crazy deep British history goes.
Or Atlanta. Everything was burnt down in the Civil War
&gt; However, if you want a concise version: *types five paragraphs*
There's also better O lines and receivers
&gt; Going Home Song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MEyOlcCfrk what the fuck
Yes, he won the Heisman then traded football for a career in Major League Weed.
I have a boner
It's basically that Zac Efron meme, but with black people instead
I go outside plenty, but I am just *astonishingly* white
Yeah a lot of people *really* don't understand how much of a factor weight classes play. This guy had zero chance.
Uh...yep.
So many people defend the shit out of them tho. "Oh it's a good beginner gym" "Oh at least it's cheap" "Bro I've been going there for two years and i've never heard that alarm go off relax lol" The fact they have the alarm at all is the fuckin' problem.
7pm on fridays? fuuuuuuuuck that. Fridays are my favorite night to go to the gym because the place is always empty
That's fair then if they're the only 24hr joint in town. I've got two 24 Hour Fitness near me, so I'm good there at least
Ethics are subjective.
No, we can’t.
My only point was that ethics are subjective. My own personal views were never at question until you brought it up. You wanted the disingenuous argument from the start.
Sir this is a Quiznos
Idk about other sites but my loan servicer only allows you to pay with a linked checking account and nothing else.
Blow your mind even more, Trump has never drank alcohol in his life.
And I've seen ones that do $10s as well. However, 99% of ATMs dispense only $20s.
And then comes the argument of "BUT WHAT IF I TELL THE JUDGE I ACTUALLY LIKE EATING MY OWN JIZZ FOR LUNCH"
You should point out that this is only in rWAR, not fWAR. In fWAR, the numbers are Harper 1.9, Machado 1.0, Pablo 0.8 and Longo 0.7.
...why do you "always wonder" about this
Absolutely outstanding gesture. Shows just how to some this is far, far more than a game.
32, don’t know my ass from a hole in the ground
I woke up in a different state when I drank two. Impressive when you realize it’s nearly four hours to the next state where I live
A real fighter versus a fake fighter, what could possibly go wrong?
I got a friend who is 70 who still climbs mountains. Age ain’t nothing but a number
I understood that reference
If it ever could have happened, Punk vs Austin could’ve been the the rivalry of a lifetime
Tapeworms absorb things, too.
Well, only one way to find out. Drown her.
Tried to bubble hearth Forgot the bubble
or came
I will never understand for as long as I live why people like this exist. Where the way someone else enjoys a thing bothers how they enjoy a thing on a personal level.
Wonderful story. Absolute shame the horse was cast away like that, amazing that these people brought this horse back from basically the dead.
I just don't get it. I never will.
Sugar rush is a myth, fyi
Canucks.
Where I’m from Santa raped me
but i don't have an uncle who raped me then
thank you daddy
Genuinely couldn't tell you.
I know those are the rich people seats but who the fuck do you think you are shoving an NBA player
When keeping it real goes wrong
It loaded funny for me so the first loop played fast as fuck and I absolutely lost it
My asshole yells really loud if I eat onions
I used to be that dude and then a shop full of mechanics laughed at me when they saw how fucked my tires were and from then on I started getting into cars so I could recognize maintenance needs sooner
Pitbull?
35yo 5’5” wingback with -1 heading and an injury
I’ll touch it for you
Yup. I didn’t get any of that and had to figure it out myself.
I’ve seen people bitching about things that were in the game from like I12.
Also known as congress
I can’t imagine why....
Insurance plans range greatly. Some people might have an outstanding plan through their work that covers everything or some might have the cheapest plan available and it barely covers anything
Directions unclear; shat in sink
I don’t know why this concept riles up Europeans so much when literally no one in the US gives a shit. “Oh no, things are done differently in another country? The horror! I’m going to be needlessly hyperbolic about and call it fraud!” Calm down. Edit: downvoting doesn’t equal discourse. It just proves my point that you’re a whiny bitch incapable of doing a bit of math when you go shopping
I’m gay, have a chronic illness that has me in the hospital at least once a month and am definitely not middle class and I don’t think living in the US is so bad.
#maybe that’s exactly what he wanted
If paying $1 more on your lunch is considered “significantly more,” idk what to tell you. Anyway, in UK, for example, VAT is collected nationally and distributed by HMRC. Sales tax in the US, however, is collected locally and distributed locally. It allows smaller locales the flexibility to levy a sales tax to fulfill a certain need with out having to lobby a federal agency for it. That would be an absolute nightmare. And when we have government shutdowns? The entire country would descend into chaos when it couldn’t collect sales tax revenue if it was waiting for the federal government to get its shit together. But with the way it is, cities, counties and states can keep on with no issue during a shutdown. Edit: downvoting this doesn't suddenly make you right.
And that’s bullshit because several brands have really mastered the “feels like nothing is there” condom
Sure he still could have stopped, but he might have destroyed every ligament from the waist down in doing so.
I mean, I've used them and my experience was as I described, so I don't know what else to tell you.
Drew Pomeranz did that, too.
Yes because that’s what I implied at all. If he stopped he would’ve still been at least halfway down the base path and likely would’ve been thrown out at third anyway
It's his first inside the park hr, actually
Hell yeah, he can fuck my wife too
I still think BK is the best non-GS for for him
Maximum explosion?
Ask your priest ....wait
Fuck you.
&gt; (I doubt that 1,2,3,4,5 with PB of 6 has ever been played) Well, you're wrong.
Yes daddy
When it was announced my mom exclaimed “where the fuck is Qatar?” It was so plain how much fuckery was about
Hey I live there also I didn't hear about this one somehow.
Cunt.
Also to avoid losing re-election. I can easily see him deciding to not run in 2020 and say "I have accomplished more than any president in history and there is nothing left for me to do." Losing would hurt his ego way, way too much.
Correct, the sequence 1,2,3,4,5,6 only has significance because we've applied significance to it. If the numbers came up 1,2,3,5,8,13, that might not look weird to some people because it has no significance to them, but to anyone familiar with the Fibonacci sequence it would look weird because of their relative applied significance.
You said you doubt it’s **ever** been played. Numerous people responded saying they have. Proving your claim categorically untrue. Don’t be mad because you don’t understand probability.
It really isn't tongue-in-cheek at all. He did Giants postgame stuff for a couple years and he was absolutely insufferable.
I can make up degrees, too. Your simple claim was that the combination had never been played. Anecdotal evidence is still evidence and in this case it disproves your hilariously flimsy assumption.
Must not have been a marine
Being of Scottish and Scandinavian blood, the thought of not applying sunblock has never once crossed my mind. I got sunburn sitting too close to a god damn desk lamp once. I am advanced pale. I’m always the one handing out the sunblock because people know my pasty self always has it on me.
Yes daddy
They can actually. Imitation shark fin has been around for awhile as it’s a lot cheaper
How can AC possibly make you sick?
What rebalancing? Indy is closer to all of the AL East than Tampa is
Yes but those are both cities in their respective markets and nothing at ALL like what Tampa is proposing
Exactly. The rays didn’t sell out their last fucking playoff game they were in. That’s a problem.
u/nwordcountbot u/SF1034
...yet?
My other favorite part of that match: Dossena lobbing van der Sar. Had like 12 career goals and that was one of them
And they’re more likely to be filling out those surveys too
And knows the one hit was good enough and just strolled away
I guarantee he’s one of those idiots who laughs at people who support an MLS club because it’s “bad.” “If the league was any good why aren’t there better players here? No one watches it!” I fucking despise twats like him. I love the MLS, I can watch EPL matches in the morning then go to the Quakes game at night.
God seeing that name just makes me ill
Yeah when Liverpool won the UEFA cup it was a shit competition, now it’s worth bantz?
Include me in the screenshot
Modern problems require modern solutions.
snaeb yvaN
Es verdad.
what the fuck
Fuck it in its stupid ass
Yeah, always makes me cackle
It's like qualifying offers in baseball. Every off season, when that time comes a bunch of people start raging "HOW COULD THEY OFFER HIM SO LITTLE" or some such. QOs are set amounts, for one and two, they're just a matter of process so if the guy signs somewhere else, they get draft pick compensation
Fr, it's offseason, what else are we supposed to do?
Two of your last six. Blagojevich and Ryan.
And Mexico right there, too. The best thing to do first would be to attempt to take the Panama Canal, that would severely dampen American supply routes.
It is in 5 states. California, Alaska, Minnesota and I can't remember the other two off the top of my head
Last year, they had 9 guys on the roster with 3 or fewer years of experience. In the past week they've traded off 6 of them. Outstanding.
timofey mozgov
He's also German, for whatever that's worth. Edit: and also found a post from 2 years ago stating he's 18, so I'm gonna guess he's almost done with school and he and his GF can move somewhere else then.
You need to link one of these "articles," then. Because I can't find a single damn thing.
That poor hippo must be an alcoholic by this point.
&gt; So his dad is refusing permission, and his mom is just okay with that? Some people have really shitty parents.
There’s more than just Scots and Yanks in the world you daft cunt
Heard FERPA had to put his foot down.
And then take it from your veins and inject it straight up my ass
Gentrification is sterilization.
I see you, Corsair.
Hell yeah brother
Selective service tops out at 25
Dak had a 103 rating in that game and it’s his fault?
Dak had a better game than Rodgers. He absolutely beat Rodgers that day, the defense let him down. You literally are blaming Dak for the loss because you’re automatically assuming Romo would’ve played even better.
Dak in the first half: 10/20 169yds 1td Rodgers in the first half: 15/26 191 yds 1td And it was a one-score game at the half. But no tell me about how Romo who had started no games that season and started only 4 games the season before due to injuring his shoulder TWICE would’ve been better that day.
The Queen is not the head of the Anglican Church, she is only the head of the Church of England and only nominally so.
👀👀👀👀
Can I have some gum
Having spent my share of time in the hospital as a child, it’s no place for a kid to be. Hope he makes it through and you get to take him out to a match someday. YNWA
Ex, you say?
Because that’s what re-seeding is. It’s the literal definition of it.
Trump stripped parts of the ACA and then blamed it sucking after that on the ACA itself, not on the fact that he purposely broke it.
Yeah same, that was definitely a phrase we giggled at in elementary school.
I have never in my life been able to replicate a problem when someone else walks over to see what the issue is. Computers respond to bullying.
"Magikarp used room clear!"
"Hey what are you playing?" "Nihilism."
I mean, yeah, golf balls are flushable but you really shouldn't try
A Koch Brothers' funded study showed that MFA would *save* the country money. Please pull your head out of your ass.
Because like a lot of Republicans, he's created his entire identity around who he votes for and has nothing else to show for in his life.
Same issue I have with baseball. Japan's baseball league calls games a tie after 12 innings, which I think is plenty. Guarantees at least one trip through the batting order again. The number of games that go past 12 innings in a season is trivial, but it would do away with the odd game that goes like 19 innings and finishes at 2am. It serves nothing but to make players exhausted the next day and force non-pitchers to pitch and sometimes they have a game the next day at NOON.
And even still they ended up being persecuted heavily by 250AD
It's not exciting, it's calamitous. Fans love it for the same reason you'd love a NASCAR crash. And I have no idea what relevance baseball over one hundred god damn years ago has on today. As early as the 1920s the entirety of leagues were professional players.
I just appreciate seeing an LAOP where they fully admit they did something bad and are in the wrong. Most things that get x-posted here are from people who are trying to work through the mental gymnastics of how they "actually didn't deserve the DUI" or some horseshit.
I like how you don't have a flair, yet you don't need one. edit: if u downvote me ur moms gay
Bruh, the number of people I know who literally have Lakers and Warriors jerseys and act like it's the most normal thing is just insane.
Also Steph had his injury concerns early on too.
fuckin' gottem'
Ahhh, gotcha.
The joke I've always heard is the airports are called "international" because they fly to Oklahoma.
Same, but am Dane. We stopped at islands in the Caribbean and then sold some to USA
You'd be walking through a whole different terminal though. Also the TSA agents live there, too.
&gt; Also TIL the Saguaro Cactus is native to California, Arizona, and Sonora, Mexico but NOT native to New Mexico. Reverend Horton Heat taught me this
There is no place in the world where a complete fill of a corolla would cost $100 usd
We certainly do not do that.
Y’all are psychopaths for upvoting this shit
The most expensive gas anywhere in the world right now is US$7.08 per gallon in Norway. A Corolla takes 13 gallons. There is no place in the world where $100 "wouldn't fill" a Corolla, per the original assertion that there's "many places" where this is true.
&gt; cost $100 usd &gt; took $85 USD Cool, you didn't disprove anything I said. Maths isn't that hard, mate.
That's cool, we weren't ever talking about the past, but congrats on winning this whole new argument you created.
"NO ENGINE, RUNS GREAT" IT'S BOBSLED TIME
"Karen have you been to Iraq?" "Well, in spirit..." "That's great but we don't offer ethereal discounts."
If you're referring to taking a picture of your ballot, this was made legal in CA recently. Also you could have a mail ballot as well that you could show someone I suppose.
Like the one LAOP who was on probation from a previous DUI and "forgot" he couldn't drink and had "a couple drinks" and "fell asleep" then woke up late to pick his wife up from work and drove a road he "hadn't driven in a few weeks so it was unfamiliar" which caused him to lose control and go off the side of the road. He then proceeded to take a shot of whiskey from a bottle he kept in his fucking trunk to "calm his nerves" and got full on shocked Pikachu when he got popped for a DUI. The actual translation of the sarcasm above: He got drunk and passed out and woke up still drunk and hauled ass to pick up his wife, while drunk, which caused him to take the car off the road, a problem he decided to then introduce MORE alcohol to.
Alright, I'm not too proud to admit there's been several times in my life where I drove after drinking way too much (I don't drink anymore). But I still remember all the general details of those nights (albeit fuzzy) and at least have the recollection of getting into my own car and driving it. I can not fathom how one is able to get to the blackout stage and then fucking DRIVE.
[Here you go!](https://www.reddit.com/r/bestoflegaladvice/comments/807tp8/op_is_in_denial_about_their_very_obvious_drinking/)
But....Cam was on the 07 and 08 Florida teams. Backing up Tebow in 07. Got injured in 08 though.
I fucked Ted.
I feel the first thing you should know about the Chargers is that the ownership is microwaved doodoo butter. Spanos is the man who was surprised to find out fans were mad about the move and just assumed fans would *literally move from SD to LA* to keep following the team. I may have dreamed that last one but I wouldn’t be surprised.
**FUCK DEAN SPENIS**
Found the hunter. Feign Death works after all.
*bumpkins
Your mass produced brands here, Miller, Coors, Bud, are 355ml cans typically. But even some of them even have pints now. Smaller brewers are all over the place though with their sizes.
Huh, did not know that.
&gt;I'm a criminal defense attorney and I'm telling you they don't have to be. - &gt;Got enough people saying that, thanks. Then *listen to them,* you space case.
Should've told them you were stationed in Minot, see how much they wanted to visit you.
Camp Pendleton is in San Diego, CA. Sun, beaches, nice weather all year round. Minot is in North Dakota. Snow. Ice. Tundra. Nice weather like two weeks a year.
OP is deffo a bot too. Edit: google the username of the top commenter, you get a fiverr profile advertising social media marketing.
Searching that user name brings up a fiverr profile with the same name advertising ‘social media marketing’
I mean, I don't have to quarter soldiers but if shit was super going down, I might consider it.
My dad's parents were 21 years apart in age but also, that was in the 40s when things were *quite* a bit different. These days, you catch a few side eyes even with a 5-6 year gap. Hell, I dated an 18yo (college freshman, relax) when I was 24 and a lot of people gave me grief for that, nevermind that we were set up by a mutual friend.
Henry is going to fuck my wife
Or meta-call center employee
Similar thing happened to me, made a $3300 purchase I thought was gonna trigger alerts, nope. Next day, buy lunch at the McDonald’s right next to my house, declined, fraud alert blocked the $6 transaction. Alright.
It was $95,000 and they didn't give him anything for returning the money. https://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Playing-With-Money-How-a-95-093-35-junk-mail-2588766.php
"Damn you! You give him all the easy ones!"
Also won rookie of the year
aids
&gt; gum wall in Seattle Just looking at a picture of this gave me cancer jfc
“Can you do a dragon but instead make it a bear”
$20 psu
Thought I was on r/subredditsimulator
Yeah it’s almost like there’s 18 of us and one of you
Props, dude, this has worked without fail.
Yeah that part blew my mind
I only saw the LocationBot bit at first and thought "oh he didn't write THAT much." Then I opened the LA thread Oh. Oh no. Oh no no no no no.
"Put your kid in sports, that'll keep them from being transgender!" *looks at medalists from the 1976 Olympic Decathalon* hmmmmmmm
"Help me find a safe space!"
Banks absolutely can and do block transactions in certain circumstances. You can spend your money pretty much however you want, yes, but any bank is well within their rights to decline any purchase being made through their institution. They're not saying you can't spend your money there, they're just saying you can't do it through them.
US has this, it's called the FDIC.
Guy on the right looks like he'd swat grenades away with his cock. Cool guy.
I love how sometimes when you die as Alliance in Zandalar, you see Bwonsamdi as the Spirit Healer and he just says: “You followed the wrong light, mon.”
It sounds to me like he's trying to convince himself he didn't just eat absolute garbage.
You mean like when AJ Styles debuted and all we got to see was a confused Roman Reigns?
Nah, he's just a junkie is all.
I vote for Cockney rhyming slang.
Tried and true Cena hater here. That moment completely turned me on him and I absolutely lost my shit.
I laughed loud enough to wake the neighbor's dog. It's 3:30am. He isn't happy with me.
Honestly, it gave me a boner
Sweeps all the way through
Slurp slurp
He said life insurance, not health insurance.
Yeah it doesn’t relate at all because you have zero reference for this hypothetical post about why someone died. But it’s nice that you wanted to take advantage of a situation to make a political statement, that’s cute. Do you go to funerals and tell people “this wouldn’t have happened if you voted for Bernie”? Edit: your downvotes don’t change how much of an emotionally deficient muppet the person I replied to is.
Yes, your single incidence of anecdotal evidence disproves my entire point and makes you fully justified in tell me to go fuck myself. Critical thinking is a good tool to have in life, you should maybe try it sometime.
I season the knife and then just stab myself
Ask questions, get answers, get hostile when they aren't what you want to hear. An LA classic.
Yeah I'm here because I'm a messy bitch, I'm not here to watch people be *mature fucking adults*.
&gt;I come from an affectionate family I swear to god, every person I've worked with to get canned for harassment has said this or something very similar. Pal, I have friends who come from super hug-first type families and they know better. &gt;That being said we have been working together for 6 months and have developed a friendship. Ugh, and this one too. Makes my fucking skin crawl. The "but I thought her and I were friends!" defense.
mom come pick me up im scared
Well I've severely failed then.
Perfect.
Quick math based off a google search shows that would be roughly 8.333~lbs/3.787kg of green beans. Enjoy!
Not any of the ones I post on.
Hey that’s when I had my appendix out
They've only known for the past fortnight that they need to sign a striker. That's not a lot of time at all if you had zero plans of signing a striker going in to the window.
Transfers take a long time to settle, from identifying a target, to working out how they'll fit into the squad, and then working out the details with the club that holds his contract. Rashford got injured halfway through the month, giving them only a fortnight to hash out all of those details. Life isn't FM, you twat.
Entirely irrelevant.
I like that they didn't go for an over the top panic signing and throw unreasonable money somewhere. Loan deal at a *very* reasonable price, played in England before, has two legs, knows which color his team wears and which way the goal is.
&gt;calls someone brain dead &gt;tells them to "grow up" You're absolutely smashing it. I don't care what it appears the state of their squad is to the average fan, my point was that if they were planning to sign a striker this window, they wouldn't have waited until the last day to ink a loan deal on a back up. They've had since 8 August to do any legwork if replacing Lukaku of someone with similar quality was a priority for them. Twat.
You don’t know any of that to be true, don’t do this here.
No way blizzard would remove them, crafts from Legion still require Blood of Sargeras
And any craft worth a damn requires a lot of Bloods to make. The Legion 30 slot bag took 8 of them, the legendaries take 65 of them and the Blacksmithing mount takes 50. The most I see from any WQ in Legion now is 3-5 and that follower mission isn't up all that often. Embroidered deep sea bags take 1 Hydrocore. Removing the Hydrocore from the recipe would be insanity.
I'll admit, I've been one of the people to buy Savage Blood off the AH for more than 50g, though I've never gone higher than 60g. Just really wanted to clear out that 200k looted achievement
I know it's been in at least as long as I've played and that's been since June 2016
Frozen Orb was never BoP. [WoWhead comment proving this](https://www.wowhead.com/item=43102/frozen-orb#comments:id=383081). Runed Orb never was either as many WoWHead comments on the item indicate people selling them on the AH during the expansion.
I'm a shitposter, but not *your* shitposter.
The only thing I can think of this has happened to was Arcanite Bar being moved off the daily cooldown, but even still there's a bunch of transmutes needlessly on daily cooldown still.
Working as intended?
What?
So....URF?
Rube Goldberg suicide?
Apparently not
Ethnically, don’t start this shit.
Idk what server you're on but I had absolutely zero luck selling this on my server. Followed the numerous posts on here swearing it sells wonderfully and absolutely none of it moved and I'm on a high pop server too.
Jewish is definitely an ethnicity and your attempts to be intentionally obtuse about it won't change that. And her last name is Goldenberg, ffs, an *incredibly* Jewish surname. You could have done three seconds of searching to learn for yourself instead of doubling down on your glib ignorance, but here we are.
You sure you don't mean the stirrups? Because the hoofplates are completely useless.
That just hurts my brain.
Expulsom also comes from world quests, you can take the materials you harvested and craft them into items to scrap. Not as prevalent, but it's still similar, but of course you weren't thinking that thoroughly in your rush to post your "well ackshually" response. Give me an example of a crafting mat that was once BoP that isn't anymore that's similar in anyway to expulsom.
....I didn’t mean to do it??????? That was the excuse he went with?!?!?
The amateur degree in psychology that being on Reddit allows you to bestow upon yourself.
The Champions League was formerly known as the European Cup
I usually answer the door with throbbing erection and the JWs get the idea.
This is why you snort Cialis.
Good fucking god And some people still wonder why there's protests going on.
And then we delete these posts so there’s no frame of reference
Please stop, I’m going to break my desk with my head at this rate
Your firm objection is also noted.
Objection, badgering the witness.
I only inject directly if a Jehovah's Witness shows up unexpectedly and I need the erection immediately. Otherwise I snort it so it can linger in my system and be ready for any unexpected proselytizing in the next 72 hours
Materials efficiency research: 3hr
&gt; I don't feel physically threatened by him Really? Because this sounds like the opening 5 minutes of an episode of SVU
Speaking from experience of having the same condition as LAOP and been on the same drugs, Remicade is one of the worst in terms of building up an immunity to it after stopping. Some others are more preferred because they can be stopped and started without much issue (Humira comes to mind, I was on that and had to stop-start and it continued working). I'm on a different biologic now and with a different insurer (Kaiser) which makes handling those drugs so, so much easier than Anthem ever fucking did.
After about 25 years of it, you get used to it. Also, are we like the only two people on right now?
All of the Cialis has made my brain foggy, diminished capacity.
I had to sign a non-compete for working in the fucking warehouse at Macy's saying I wouldn't work anywhere else that sold any type of salon products.
Strong dong tings
I envy people who can stay civil when they're angry. I just start shouting "fuck" at varying volumes.
God, what an awful experience for you. You are valid, no matter what dickwaffles like this guy ever tell you.
[Second.](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/200701130nor.htm#all_pbp) First play was a 12yd run by Deuce.
Michael Myers made his name in sketch comedy and he couldn't improv a damn thing in that moment.
He let two receivers go by him so at least one of them was open.
I came
The game was hjönked from the start
Not sure how ISK will help me, but okay!
I even started feeling bad.
I had to turn it off. Genuinely distressing. Hope he recovers well.
how tf do you SHAVE you butthole my dude
I live in a city with 64,000 people. It's the 129th largest city in CA.
I need to do more cocaine.
&gt; duck duck aram. ngl this might be fire
How you get a razor into your bhole
Oh man I am like the hairiest mfer, there is literally hair up in my bhole so that’s why I was confused at the concept Also we now know way too much about each other
We’re gonna eat a dolphin!
He couldn’t hear you over the music
More for me.
My vagina is screaming and I don't have one.
fuckin' adorable
Just imagining streaks of blue up and down the rock wall lol
“Hey uh.....where’s the bottle, mate?”
Says the person asking the weirdest fucking question
Just staring into the distance as his wife rightly laughs at him
What the fuck does a state rep's salary have to do with any of this?
I remember years ago on a subreddit whose name eludes me someone making a stereotypical and overused joke about black people and a black person responded to it angrily and was downvoted heavily for being upset. This was on a default sub at the time too.
Jingoism is the word you’re looking for.
Really just butters you up enough for them to ram it straight up your asshole.
I know that's true for my county. Any repair that brings something back to its original state doesn't need a permit, any addition over a certain size does though
The UK uses FPTP and they have 7 parties in Parliament.
The original comment was referring to the US Senate and House of Reps though. We elect candidates on a local basis in the exact same manner you do, the only difference is we elect a president separately instead of how the Prime Minister is decided.
Fixing the god awful gerrymandering would be a good start.
There's a chain of diners here called Black Bear Diner and I refuse to go there anymore because all they care about is quantity over quality.
My insurance covers ambulances 100% and I've still preferred to take an uber because they'll arrive quicker.
Shhh, let the Europeans get mad about the thing that doesn't bother us at all.
I agree it is stupid, but it's not stupid enough for us to care about changing tbh. Edit: europeans are mad about sales tax again
The problem here is mostly the garbage Electoral College. A staggering number of votes in this country for president are entirely meaningless. If you vote Republican and live in say, CA, NY, WA, OR, your vote is entirely meaningless. In fact, even a lot of Democrat votes in those states are meaningless. In the 2016 Presidential Election, California had 14,181,585 valid votes turned in. This means once a candidate won 7,090,793 votes, no other votes in the state meant anything. So that meant the other 1,662,995 votes that Clinton received were meaningless as well.
Why do I have to meet new people?
But this is the internet. People do that with beer all the time and say "lol american beer sucks." Dude, we have way, way more than just coors/miller/bud here.
Chronic illness haver here, I get called a warrior and shit all the time and I’m just like “bruh I just take pills also I main a mage”
Heh, I played a rogue with a bow in pathfinder
And a ton of homophobic and transphobic posts.
It took them for fucking ever though. From what I've heard, TD was abandoned anyway and they'd fucked off to another site
"i think socialists are socialists because they're fat" what the fuck is going on
I'm not engaging in your argument when it's been had entirely in bad faith.
Idk what state that was in but in CA, regardless of the value of your car, one car per person is considered exempt for purposes of calculating property.
Do you have an article for this? Because I work in public benefits and we'd have absolutely no way of knowing if this happened for any of our clients and on the off chance we did, we wouldn't record that type of income anyway because it's not what can be considered 'reasonably anticipated income'.
