I would kill EVERYONE for Juniper
Ironic considering you use a term only the far right would ever use lol.
Good. The are one of the worst couples in comics.
Uh.... what?
Doom Patrol and Titans we’re both dark and melodramatic. They just had a good amount of comedy and actually good storylines.
Neymar hasn’t even gone to court. Persie’s case was dropped but that doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. You very clearly don’t understand how courts work.
Then you have terrible reading comprehension.
I don't think you can call the Twilight movies flops.
Not as bad as Hal and Carol. They have virtually zero interesting stories together and both work in stories better than alone.
Lol
Why did you post this?
I mean, Steph didn’t die either obviously. Dick literally died, just not as long as Jason and Damien. Tim didn’t die.
I honestly have no idea what you just said. I can only assume it involves burping while jumping.
LIAR
LOL
Of course they are. He is also being asked to shoot more than he has in the past five or so years. Westbrook is just plain ass at shooting.
She did nothing wrong.
Fine. We should execute anyone that does something like this.
He also says "the two situations are nothing alike".
And the ball was directly next to her. She is allowed to react to shit coming at her.
Sorry he got caught during a live event that had a dozen cameras on him? Do you think he just goes around shoving NBA players every day?
Well, duh.
I don't believe you Steve
Him donating money doesn't really change that. Every wealthy person donates money.
Donating money tells us nothing about a persons character.
For the rich it certainly is the case. This money is nothing to Jordan. He is a billionaire. There is no billionaire alive that doesn't donate millions every year.
None of the teams you just mentioned would be good as the Warriors have been.
This is just sad man.
If you think LeBrons stats were padded in 2014 then you didn't watch that series. Most of his points came before the fourth quarter when both teams were obviously trying their hardest. Kawhi didn't lock LeBron down at all, he just slowed him down to the point where he wasn't going to score 40 a game. https://www.espn.com/blog/statsinfo/post/_/id/106613/iggy-makes-lebrons-shooting-iffy LeBron shot nearly 60% while being guarded by Kawhi. Almost none of which was in garbage time.
How many teams have actually had two top three players at the same time?
Only one you could argue is the 2001 season. Even then I don't think he was a top three player(not far from it though).
Are there any comics I need to read before hand to get into Immortal Hulk?
How? The Warriors would easily win if KD was playing.
Because teams play better in the finals. That Clippers series wasn’t close at all either.
Most people here are calling Draymond dirty lol.
He is much much much much much better.
No. He has no longevity at all.
That isn't a foul on Draymond at all. What are you talking about?
I don't think they would have won last year. 2017 would have been a great series though with Kyrie still on the team.
Nah, it's KD
Thank you for proving my point!
It's a big deal when comparing him to other all time greats.
Oh no. Your entire post just proves how crappy of a person you are and how little you actually understand. Take your homophobia somewhere else.
Seemlying
Again, you just keep proving my points.
They were planing on doing that months ago.
What if he never gets another all time great player on his team? Coaches in the NBA don't win without a ton of talent on their teams.
I think that Kawhi is just a much better player than Derozan.
Their overachieving teams did nothing in the playoffs. No one is going to remember five years from now that the Clippers took two games off of these Warriors. Neither of them have won anything without a ton of talent.
Curry has done more without KD than Harden will do in his entire career
And? People are going to remember Pop and Doc for their championships and when their teams actually did something in the playoffs. Sloan wouldn't be considered a great coach if he hadn't made the finals(with two all time greats)
No he isn't lol. He had Duncan or Kawhi every year he has coached except for four of them. One of those four he had David Robinson. Of the three years without one of those three he had one of the worst records in the league(they got Duncan that year) and lost in the first round the past two years. Like every great coach in the NBA he has had a ton of talent. Players are much more important than coaches in the NBA and it's not even close. Pop wouldn't be considered an all time great if he didn't have Duncan for nearly 20 years.
Nothing about this play was dirty.
I highly doubt that.
So.... something every fan base has done in every sport whenever their team loses?
And the end of that M.Night Shyamalan tribute video? It was never Kawhi playing, it was Uncle Dennis!
So, you think Pop would have even remotely close to the success he has had as a coach if they never got Duncan? You realize how dumb that sounds, right? Thats like saying Jackson would have the same success if he never had Jordan.
there haven't been hundreds of all time greats. All of the great coaches have had them though.
All of their players had more time played. Kerr didn't make Curry into the greatest shooter of all time. Seriously, no one else thinks like you. Coaches aren't important in the NBA compared to players. It's not even close.
25-30.
Klay isn't injured. He is shooting better than Steph so far(including tonight).
And they have two top three players.
Do you think Curry was a top three player in 2014? Lol. What made him a champion was he and the rest of the team was a year older.
No one thought the Warriors were better off without KD. That’s just stupid.
That was 2013 when the Spurs beat the Warriors
Nothing about his play would indicate he is still injured. No more than everyone else that is playing this late into the season.
He post under this asks the same thing... why would you post this?
Yes we do. KD is an all time great player. Nothing is going to change that.
Not bad at all considering LeBron isn’t in it and KD hasn’t played.
You are getting rid of a ton of their most popular people. Bomani, LeBatard, Rose, Mina are all extremely popular. You want them to hire back Skip who is a shitty version of Stephen A. Just a terrible list overall.
It's not a new sentiment. Most people have always thought KD was better than Steph.
You are only 17 years old. Go away.
Judging by his account name "02" and his posts, it's pretty clear he is only 17 years old. That and he has been a Raptors fan for probably less than a year.
Not a chance
Lol, Olympic gold medal.
Brandon Routh, Henry Cavill and Tyler Hoechlin are all better Superman’s.
lol. The Cavs were not the better team that year, and I'm a huge LeBron stan.
Imagine thinking the best team always wins in sports lol.
lol, no
Having one year when you are better doesn’t make you a better player overall. LeBron hasn’t been the best during a regular season for a while.
Yes.
Damn right I'm gonna watch Family Feud over the Playoffs.
No, he wouldn’t come close to averaging 50 in today’s NBA. No one in history would.
He isn’t a good basketball player
For me, there is a lot more wrong with the people waiting 55 hours than the ones leaving with two minutes left.
That has nothing to do with asterisks and shit.
They do, for live sports. The things ESPN pays billions every year for.
Straws make everything taste better.
His play made it seem like he was doing everything in his power to make the Raptors lose.
As like the eighth best player. That gold medal means nothing for his HoF chances.
Sure. But no player would ever choose to sit out a Finals game if they were healthy enough to play. Not to mention if he plays he could win.
How do you know this is the dynamic?
No, still trash from you.
Are you sure he's better than Cousins?
Almost every player in today's NBA would be better in the 90's.
Little kids with scrunched up faces from their glasses are so adorable. Keep up the great work girl!
Not hard to get first team when you are only one of only a couple of centers that actually were competent at their position. One year removed from 2nd in mvp to not in the top ten for MVP. Not to mention his defense wasn't very good except for a few games the entire year. Anyone that thinks Shaq was a superstar at that point in his career has a really shitty definition of superstar.
All four of those players would be better than Rodman. You might need some help reading yourself.
All of the other four are good enough at rebounding that choosing Rodman over them would be stupid.
Because the center position was absolute trash that year. There were literally only centers that could have made all-nba.
NFL wouldn't exist if the most players could get was $5 million.
Center is the easiest position to get all-nba by a lot. He didn't finish in top 10 of MVP voting and top 20 of dpoy voting. He was a great second option but he wasn't close to as good as he was the year before.
You're welcome!
Personality or reporter. You aren’t supposed to root for teams outside of picking one to win.
Unless it's career ending, nah. Any team in the league would still max him.
Probably. Except it wasn't in Philly, it was in Toronto. What other fans would do doesn't matter
Ban please.
You mean chanting lets go Warriors?
We don't know what type of injury it is lol.
Are women not allowed to look at men that walk by them?
Nah. Blows that he got injured but he is still a snake.
OH REALLY?
You can definitely put weight on an Achilles injury. You just can't do stuff like stand on your tippy toes. It's not even that painful a little while after the initial injury unless you try to mess with it.
It looks extremely linear.
What do you mean give the FMVP to KD? The winner doesn't get to choose that lol
Nah, he is still a bitch. This changes nothing. I hope his injury isn't serious and he is able to play next year though.
Just stop dude.
Agreed. Most people think KD joining the Warriors was the biggest bitch move in NBA history.
Nah, move it to Hartford
Factually wrong? right lol. And no, you very clearly don't enjoy the NBA if you like what KD did.
lol
Kobe played more than a half in that series though.
No, they didn't cheer when Zaza injured Kawhi. Your second point is just plain moronic.
Why are the holes different?
What??
And over half of those are going to not be real contenders once the playoffs start. Also, Brooklyn? Unless they get two stars in free agency they are not going to be a top team in the East, let alone the league.
The real question is why do people bring up his olympic gold when he was probably the eighth(or worse) best player on that team. It means nothing for his HoF chances. Just like most Olympic medals do for players that play for the US
There are only 110 NBA players in the HoF. It’s not as easy as people on here make it out to be. There are only like 40 people playing in the NBA right now that are going to make the Hall.
Aren’t most of those stats related?
They still fucked with Young Justice and cancelled it only because children weren't buying the toys.
Because idiots need to be called out for being idiots.
He looks at the ground and yells, using echolocation to know exactly where everyone on the court is at all times. The fact that you don't know this is pretty fucking embarrassing.
Reddit has no problem sexualizing 14 year olds. It's always been that way. The only thing stopping most people on here from fucking 13 and 14 year olds is because it's against the law.
Hell no
Nah
I wouldn't put him higher than them. They were top of the league for 10 or so years. Curry has done it for five.
AHAHAHAHA
The last Harry Potter movie. I was a massive Harry Potter fan growing up(went to the midnight release of the last four books) so watching the last movie and knowing that my time with that world was done was really sad.
Yes you did. Everyone did
Holy Incel
They don’t talk politics. It’s just morons that think they do.
You need to watch more television
Are all of the Cavs injured the same as they were this year? If so they lose in the first round. They might not even make the playoffs. They are significantly worse than they were last year and it’s not just because they lost LeBron.
I’m not going to write a list of 50 players out. Klay isn’t even a top ten player in the league right now. Why do you think he would be a top 50 player all time?
Steph KD LeBron Harden Giannis Kawhi AD Embiid George Lillard Just stop dude.
I ALREADY DID. There is no refuting anyone I said of my original ten. Klay has literally gotten one single vote for MVP in his entire career. All of the other players have actually been in the top five. Sorry, perfect teammate. That obviously makes him better than guys that actually lead their teams lol.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
This sub is so damn homophobic. And yes, homophobic, not homoerotic.
I'm sorry your life sucks this much OP.
Shit, they were so two months ago. The NBA playoffs are so fucking long.
Because it’s an iconic shot
CHOSEN ONE!! I’m coming!
That just isn't true at all. Most of the time if a game is on sale for Steam it's going to be on sale on the other platforms soon enough.
Sales help publishers make money. You realize there are hundreds of games that you can't buy anywhere else but Steam that go on sale all the time, right? You act as if exclusive games on the Xbox and Playstation don't go on sale.
And that was a mistake by Epic. One that won’t happen again
Yet the Celtics have never signed a superstar in FA.
I’m just talking about ever. They have literally never signed a superstar and are one of the most storied franchises in sports. It’s also not looking good on them signing one over the next few years either.
They will the max but whatever team gives them the max will have no chance of winning a championship. Which is fine because not every team can go for a championship run.
Why do you watch sports?
For 9 points. Sorry, but he is playing like shit.
Do you think he wants to speed up his arc and cut down on the idea he has come up with? No writer would ever actually agree to that. Not when he has been steadfast in saying he has had 100 issues planned for a while now. He got kicked off the title, it's not a big deal at all, it happens to a lot of writers/artists.
No you won’t . Stop lying. No one here is going to watch basketball next year and think to themselves “I really miss the Warriors destroying everyone”
It will when FA is over
If it's money to blow then who cares about guaranteed return?
Kawhi definitely. Marc won't be first ballot but he will get in. Lowry won't get it.
Ah, my lab gives me the same look whenever I wake her up from a nap.
How do we know the league is competitive again? FA isn't even close to being done.
No, just no.
I don't understand how anyone could actually think to themselves that this would be a good topic to post. I'm eight beers deep and it's still amazing to me.
I imagine he would get more money writing for the biggest comic book than a movie/tv show for extremely unknown characters.
I mean, writers are more important than directors.
When did the Warriors get LeBron? Also, you should probably watch Celtics vs Bucks series this year. That is closer to what Kyrie is going to do in the playoffs the rest of his career than when he played with the Cavs.
It helps that every single one of those guys has inherited a top team with an all time great player leading them.
Pau Gasol was not a role player lol.
Kyrie vs the Bucks is closer to what he will be like the rest of his career than when he was on the Cavs. Dame is definitely a better player than him.
There is definitely a chance he could have. He made it to the conference finals last year with a much worse team.
Oh shit, thats right, it was Celtics in the Conf Finals. Either way I could see him bringing this team to the championship. This team is so much better than last years.
There isn't an asterisk. That doesn't mean some championships are less/more impressive than others.
Just so everyone on here knows, being homoerotic like this is still homophobic. Treating gay people like a joke is extremely homophobic.
Zero chance the all time greats win.
This is fucking horrible. If I were your boss in real life I would fire you for making this atrocity. Shame on you.
Forever. ESPN is going nowhere.
Anyone that actually thinks the Knicks should have stuck with what they were doing with Lin is an absolutely moron. This is such a stupid stance to take. Lin's time with the Knicks is one of the most overrated things in sports history. Seriously, you thought the Knicks were going to run through Lin instead of Melo who was the much much much better player? Not to mention the Knicks were the eighth seed when Linsanity started. They were the eighth seed when he was done for the season too.
I don’t think so. If he can win a championship with this team there is no reason to think he couldn’t win one with the Clippers over the next couple of years.
Canada fucking blows.
If Giannis leaves Milwaukee it would be to go to a big market, not Toronto.
I don't need to. Just google it.
No, you can definitely be a bum on a championship squad.
True. but no one but your friends and family will care
lol. I'll pass on Perkins who thinks Curry is a bad playoff performer. But continue to think that a first year coach is amazing lol.
If he went to either team they would be good.
What a moronic title lol
So you don't understand how sports work. Gotcha.
Lol, no one on here cares that Lin was on the roster.
Less than 1% of people on here are Asian-American lol. People care because he is basically white to everyone one here and a meme. Not because he contributed to the Raptors(which he didnt).
You think Reddit is a good representation of the the population? HAHAHAHAHA. Yeah I’m done man lol.
They would be just as biased as people that grew up with LeBron. People don’t like change.
Lol
Lol
It will be pretty clear who the top two or three teams are halfway through the season next year.
Oh shit, i'm dumb.
I have favorite players. Definitely makes watching other teams more enjoyable.
Don't forget Mack.
No. And stop being homophobic.
Sorry. Everyone on here pretending to be gay and constantly saying gay things is homophobic.
AD is not a top 5 player.
This sub would hate him even more. But they would have even more homophobic jokes to make.
He gets blasted for never making the conference finals without Harden.
Nah. If you are a top 30 or so player you should get called out for not being able to make the conference finals.
As the second option.
Weak comment. Really really weak.
That isn't how you use that word at all lol.
America
People realize witnesses are insanely unreliable, right? They are the last people to be trusted when it comes to what actually happened. Not to mention the chances of all these people seeing what happened are slim to none. Windhorst at no point puts the blame on Masai in any of the videos you posted. Maybe you should actually watch them.
No one has been convicted and more than likely no one will with the extreme lack of evidence we have. You are the only one treating anything as fact, Windhorst isn’t.
Of course there is systemic racism, it would be stupid to say otherwise. You have virtually zero proof this has anything to do with race and you painting Windhorst as a racist already shows that nothing that comes out will change your mind. You think that was Perkins laughing at him lol? You very clearly only see what you want to see
You type all that out and can't even get the title right lol
I would say Duncan was still the leader of those Spurs. Kawhi still deserved the FMVP of course.
50 years? The Bulls were more dominant than these Warriors and Horace Grant isn't going to make the HoF. He isn't comparable to the guys in the Hall because he wasn't nearly as good.
And neither of them are going to make the Hall.
Please tell me what you think Pelinka has done that has helped the Lakers get Kawhi.
Not really considering we haven't heard one reason to think he should get any credit.
I haven't made a video yet so this title is false.
When the hell have people said that lol? It's the Lakers. The are one of the most storied franchises in sports in the most popular city to live in for athletes. They have gotten more big name FA signings in their history than virtually the entire league combined.
If you are going to try and be funny/clever at least be coherent. Do better
He really isn't wrong, he just didn't explain it at all https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African-American_Vernacular_English
You are 60 years old and posting topics like “what would happen if LeBron came out as gay”? Nah man, you are just a racist little white kid.
Damn, I really hope someone knocks some sense into you.
Jesus Christ, this is just stupid.
It’s not trolling, it’s being a racist
No, the Warriors definitely would have won if both teams were healthy. Doesn’t matter though because they weren’t.
Let this kids have this
No Lakers fan will ever give a shit about Byron Scott. Stop lying.
They still lose to Miami.
lol. What a trash video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncdpomTtwTM A lot more assists(on a much worse team) and basically the same amount of turnovers. Luka isn't nearly as good of a playmaker as Young.
This is just plain wrong. Wade was just as good as LeBron in 2011(much better than him in the Finals) and easily a top 10 player at worst in 2012 and 2013.
Man, watching that video makes me so angry we never got a full season of Heroes for Hire. Mike Colter is absolutely the best possible Luke Cage ever.
LOL. Thanks for proving my point.
Of course I am. You don't give a shit about what your comments mean for other people.
You are still commenting on it lol.
He lost, he didn’t deserve it.
Why? Their defense if more than good enough without Simmons and their offense takes a huge step forward. Simmons play style doesn’t work in the playoffs.
Except Trump is all of those things you just listed. “Pretending” to be racist by trolling is still being racist. Every troll that uses that excuse is a racist piece of shit.
Sure, if the team wants to lose all of their draft picks
That is a terrible comparison lol
Lol. I'm sure all of the people that work for the NBA aren't smart enough to google "NBA streams".
I haven't played in a few months, I might with this new map. Are you still able to transfer Dino's across servers? I really hated that.
No one thought of him as top five lol.
Klay played the majority of the series last time I checked.
Define elite competition
So he has never come close to facing elite NBA defense. Or even D-League defense. Well, he has obviously, face it(he played in the NBA of course) but he has never had any success against elite defense.
So they can.
Except for the fact that Durant went to multiple doctors including ones not affiliated with the Warriors. All of which said the same thing as the Warriors doctors.
It's definitely the Warriors.
Because there is no one to actually blame.
A scrambled egg once a week or so is supposed to help keep a dogs coat nice and shiny too!.
One is backed up by scientists and the other is backed up by multiple doctors, yet people like you don't believe them. So yeah, its basically the same thing.
Uh, yeah. Of course he is going to go to more than one doctor no matter what they say. What kind of an argument is that? Lol
You don’t think a guy getting paid that much money who more than likely really wants to play wouldn’t be a chemistry issue while sitting on the bench?
What he says doesn't really matter. I'm gonna take the word of these journalists(especially McMullan) before anyone else when it comes to something like this.
If you can't come up with something to say in the post itself then you shouldn't make the topic.
Hartford for sure. The Nets should move their team there.
Wall and Lillard are just as bad.
Well, the sources are his camp. Just like when you hear about what players are thinking the source is almost always from someone they are close to. Who do you think the sources are when we hear about player grievances?
He has the ball in his possession just as much as the other guys over the past four years. https://stats.nba.com/players/touches/
Do you have any proof of that?
You have probably tasted a lot of peoples spit.
Better tip then then.
Only a dumbass would accuse someone of being a racist when their only evidence doesn’t even involve that person.
Are you the one that deleted the initial comment in this chain?
While I do think it wasn't handled that greatly in the Killing Joke I don't see how her becoming paralyzed is a mistreatment of her character. It's a shitty thing that happened to her and she was able to come out stronger from it. That isn't mistreating the character at all, if anything taking away her paralysis is mistreating her. All of her comics since she was "healed" haven't done anything that you couldn't do with a different female character. Taking years and years away from a character(most of which is beloved by fans of hers) just to write an average story is the definition of mistreating.
LeBron is a better defender. Faster, bigger, stronger and able to guard more positions.
And between the two LeBron is faster, bigger and stronger. He is without a doubt the better defender.
It's harder to get defensive first team as a forward compared to a guard. Guards were completely overvalued in the 80's and 90's on defense(there is a reason a guard hasn't won DPOY in over 20 years). Jordan got at least three of his all defensive teams while not even guarding the best player on the other team(it was Pippens job). Anyone that actually thinks that Jordan was a better defender is crazy.
And Jordon didn't play defense during their second three peat. Pippen was the one guarding the other teams best player and Rodman was one of the best rim protectors in the league at the time.
LeBron was very clearly the best defender on those Heat. There is a reason he was second in DPOY voting twice lol
You want me to name specific games from 20+ years ago?
And all you need to do is look up any game. It's not hard. You have Google big guy.
You realize help defense was basically illegal during Jordans time, right? Holy shit, you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about lol.
Thanks for proving you know almost nothing about basketball lol.
https://www.google.com/search?q=top+ten+guards+of+the+90%27s&amp;oq=top+ten+guards+of+the+90%27s&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l4.5586j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8 There ya go. All of the players Jordan didn't guard during his second three-peat.
I don't think this is that crazy to say. They weren't the best team in the league this year. Just like the 2016 Cavs weren't when they won.
I see him averaging his highest PPG of his career but not his godlike efficiency. I think it will be something like 32 and 60 TS%. Which will put him towards the top of the MVP race if they are a top four seed.
Which virtually no one would do
That wasn't him. It was the departments media person.
That wasn't this cop.
Okay
Warriors and Spurs for sure. Curry, KD and Duncan all in their primes? Good lord that is scary.
And he would still never be considered a top five Laker all time. One win with the Clippers would mean more than any two rings with the Lakers.
They just opened up an MGM casino within walking distance of the HoF. It's pretty nice.
I guarantee Taurasi is more known than the majority of NBA players.
Of course they are. But she is still a very well known athlete. More people would know her over someone like Siakam.
Diana Taurasi is definitely more popular in the public eye than those players. It's either her or Swin Cash for most popular WNBA player.
What does that have to do with how well known she is?
A ton of people discredit Steph for not winning any FMVP’s when talking about his greatness.
You aren’t the target audience.
And..... ya banned
You don’t understand how podcasts work, do you?
Fuck Pop
No, he very clearly wasn’t.
No one on here would ever pretend to care for the WNBA. Just look at the reaction to WNBA players being in Space Jam 2. This sub hates women
All of the people complaining about Space Jam are complaining because they are Women.
Not really if you read a ton of the messages in the Space Jam 2 announcement.
It isn’t just a few lol.
If they are put into the bodies of aliens I don’t see how there is a difference.
So calling out this subs sexism is virtue signaling? Would you say that if someone was being racist?
I mean, they went after Muggsy Bogues. He was never a good NBA player
How many FMVP’s contracts were up the year they won? I’m gonna take a guess and say it was only a few. Kawhi just won a championship without another superstar. I’m sure he thinks he could win with any team anywhere. Why not do it in a place he would prefer to live?
From his past history of being sexist it’s pretty clear he meant it that way.
Dude, just stop. It was very clearly a sexual remark, thinking otherwise is just plain dumb.
Fuck Pop
It isn’t
Lol, holy shit. This is just sad man. I get it, you fucking hate ESPN(even though you will never stop watching it) so you want to make them the bad guys every situation you can get. Keep on ignoring sexism! Question though, do you think his stay in your lane comment was sexist? The one directed at Leahy?
The NBA only invites a few players that are guaranteed to be drafted. Edit: https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/26975761/nba-invites-list-23-prospects-2019-draft-green-room More than a few, my bad. Still, they only invite players that are guaranteed to be taken. Unless something crazy about the player comes up.
The NBA only invited 23 players. https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/26975761/nba-invites-list-23-prospects-2019-draft-green-room
It does nothing to diminish any types of sexism because this very clearly was sexism. Again, you don't get to decide what sexism is to everyone. His comments are not normal in anyway for a person to say to someone in his situation, thinking otherwise is stupid. It was clearly meant to be taken sexually and he only said it that way because she was a women. That is literally the definition of being sexist. You and anyone that thinks like you are the only ones trying to diminish legitimate instances of sexism.
Boston sucks. It's okay.
He 100% has decided where he is going, not that him buying these boxes means anything. I'm sure he knew months ago.
Wait... you think Lavar would say something like this to a guy? Oh, child. Thats just sad.
Grow up dude. Seriously, if you think he would say something sexually suggestive to Stephen A or Kellerman, just grow up.
Being on the Celtics certainly helped.
He has like one million less Instagram followers but 13 million more twitter followers. Durant is most definitely more popular than Kyrie.
Only half
It wasn’t.
I'm not sure you are allowed to post this and then immediately make a joke. This is definitely against the rules of joke making.
They aren't going to visit Trump. No NBA team is going to.
It doesn't matter if they are vocal or not. No team is going to visit him.
Because sports fans love ranking players.
Over the past three seasons the top 5 players who have had the ball in their possession the longest are Harden -9.1 MPG Wall - 8.6 MPG Westbrook - 8.6 MPG Lillard - 7.9 MPG Kemba - 7.8 MPG The five of them have always been the top five in those three years too. https://stats.nba.com/players/touches/?Season=2018-19&amp;SeasonType=Regular%20Season&amp;sort=TIME_OF_POSS&amp;dir=1
Free throws and three pointers. LeBron was one of the best defenders in the league during his prime. He also wasn't a
smelly poopy head.
That was very clearly an outlier year.
[popular opinion] Anyone using the term "unpopular opinion" should be banned.
Nah. These types of awards are for the fans. Just like the entire league is for the fans. Not to mention there is no player that would choose to do the award show now instead of two months ago.
Long distance running is super easy. Eat as much salty food as you can before starting and just sprint. Jogging or running is worthless when it comes to long distances.
Imagine thinking teams in the midwest have as good of a chance as teams in California to get FA's lol.
And the Midwest is for the poor and suicidal. Whats your point?
I mean, he doesn't need the money. I'm sure he would rather live in Miami than move to LA for 7+ months and him winning a championship with the Lakers as the fifth or sixth option isn't going to further is legacy at all. Unless he desperately misses basketball there is no good reason for him to come out of retirement.
This, this right here deserves a ban for how moronic of a post it is.
Please enlighten me. How do they work?
LeBron is definitely more complete than Jordan.
Jordan won DPOY when guards were overrated at defense(a guard hasn't won DPOY in over 20 years). LeBron finished twice for DPOY. LeBron is bigger, stronger and faster than MJ. Anyone that thinks MJ is a better defender than LeBron doesn't no shit about basketball.
Oh, please show me their official 40 times.
Lol. Imagine thinking what you posted is official in any way. Or what either of them actually ran. Not to mention you literally didn’t post any proof of what you posted lol.
Lol, you think coaches would vote based on name recognition? Get real.
You realize none of that is even remotely official, right?
Lol. Except for the fact that LeBron is the better three point shooter and a much much much better playmaker. Jordan isn’t close to as good of an all around player compared to LeBron.
Sorry you don’t enjoy facts
What? There is zero real proof of those numbers lol. Neither of them are official in any way at all.
Even after 2016 I would still pick the Cavs to lose if they played again. The better team didn't win that year(which makes the Cavs winning even more impressive).
That isn't true at all. The USA women's team would lose horribly to any college men's team.
I don’t understand people that get angry at this. It was a completely spur of the moment wedding ceremony. There were literally five people(including both couples) total.
That’s just wrong. Unless you enjoy watching significantly worse soccer.
Aren’t you that guy that thinks role players today would be superstars in the 80’s and 90’s?
Lol. It wasn’t a normal wedding. If Felicity did this at their first actual wedding yes, that would be one of the worst moves ever. What she did wasn’t bad at all.
Look at the difference in reactions between the two times. Of course they would have banned him still.
Actually, he did mean it sexually. It’s pretty obvious when you consider he has proven himself to be a massive sexist everywhere else he shows up.
How is this downvoted? We have absolutely no idea who abused who. If anything it does seem like they abused each other.
Is he the owner of the business?
And that proves absolutely nothing lol.
What? She never dropped her accusations and she never pleaded guilty. What are you talking about?
I have acted like I think both of them are guilty. Which is originally what I said.
He’s got AIDS
You act as if CP3 doesn’t have the ball in his hands more on the Rockets than Jimmy has had on any team in his career.
Three hours from now
Why should I believe him?
We have absolutely no idea if he is. We don't know the family situation at all or even if Sager was in control of anything while he was dying. The only proof we have is from pissed off kids that didn't get money.
Animorphs was a great book series
No
Big Magic Johnson, what has he ever done?
Up until the award is given of course. After though? Pretty weak shit.
Dlo looks like a Daveed Diggs that can't rap/sing
Stop lying. If they included playoffs you would be pissed if Nurse didn't win COTY.
I mean. His starting five were the same every single game of the playoffs and the bench was used the same in almost every playoff series. He made very little adjustments.
No reason to change at all. But people are acting like Nurse is one of the better coaches in the league when he has done nothing to actually show that at all.
Around 30
You think he is going to shoot that much better from 3 than any other season he has had?
Ibaka was never a relative nobody and Siakam just got into his third year, which is when players start to come into their own. Nurse is not nearly as good of a coach as you think he is. The only real adjustment he made the entire playoffs was to do a box and one defense against the Warriors. A series they more than likely only won because of injuries.
I imagine having Kawhi would have helped him a lot.
I think so. The Assistant Coaches are more than good enough to carry you.
Oops, my bad
Maybe he shouldn't play such a shitty style of basketball.
Lol. If you have that ready to copy and paste you already lost.
Nah, they still would have found a way to choke it away
Yes. Because Harden isn’t fun to watch.
Metal doesn’t attract lightning.
They make lightning rods out of metal because it’s extremely conductive(at least the metals they use for them). Not to mention that lightning rods don’t actually attract lightning. They just provide a better path for the lightning to take to the ground. Just do a google search of “does metal attract lightning”. And “do lightning rods attract lightning”.
No, your house will still get struck if you have a lightning rod. It will jump to the rod itself because of its conductive metal and the safe passage to the ground.
I mean, I’m not being pedantic. Seriously, use google and read a bit.
It's pretty clear he was being hyperbolic. Relax dude. Not to mention Kobe being that close to LeBron is absolutely ridiculous. Edit: Nevermind Kobe even having more than a couple of votes is absolutely ridiculous.
Bomani
Not really. They have to use the money on someone. Might as well use it on your best and most popular player in franchise history.
Competing for a championship.
Did he end up doing anything?
Please do. I don't care about records if it means stars are actually going to play and not sit out as much.
You have nothing to base this off of. The the season went down to 60 or so games and you think players would still be doing load management like they do now there is seriously something wrong with you.
Of course it does something. Every game becomes much more important and every player sitting out for load management is going to get called out even more. The length of the season isn’t going to change, there won’t be any back to backs with less games. Why do you think that would still be the case? You are basing everything you have said off of nothing/
Everyone goes to ESPN.
What a white thing to say
He knows what every team has to offer. What are any of the teams going to surprise him with?
Well, none of us are the actual players lol. The majority of FA’s know where they are going to go right now. The majority of them knew where they were going to go before they stopped playing this season.
Because it’s bad business to not talk to everyone possible in case something happens.
Well duh. He literally can’t be 100% committed because he can’t do it yet Him not wanting to burn any bridges in FA doesn’t mean there is any doubt in where he wants to go.
Lol
Oh, we don’t agree at all. I have no idea what he’s doing. But I know that he is 100% sure what he’s doing.
It’s worked extremely well at the highest level.
Yeah, this doesn’t deserve an answer.
Except everyone knew LeBron had problems with cramps.
Sure seems like you are making the decision for him.
Because fans don’t want to believe there is anything wrong with their team.
That’s probably the biggest cliche in sports. Teams don’t need or get more motivation than the chance to win a championship. Or do you think they would try less without that “chip on their shoulder”?
Reporters very rarely make things up.
All reporters are credible. Doesn’t mean that some aren’t shitty reporters and their information is coming from bad sources.
I mean, the Spurs needed the AC to go out for LeBron to get cramps. And again, it’s not real motivation. Athletes don’t need more than a chance to win a championship to try their hardest. If they do they are shitty players.
Doing it in the spot he was in is a bad idea. If he chucked it to the other end of the court it’s game over.
I would much rather be called a Governor than Owner. It sounds so much bad ass
You aren't funny or clever. Just give up on whatever you are trying to do here.
No. This is just a trash post with a trash topic.
Winter Soldier was much much better
I literally just bet everything I have that the Pelicans are going to be a bottom 3 team in the league and Zion will play 75+ games and average less than 11 ppg. This is the most confident I have been on a bet in my entire life.
Making jokes about being gay is homophobic. Stop being assholes.
No. I'm in the thread where a bunch of straight white guys think they are funny by acting gay. That is homophobic.
He has nothing to do with this subs extreme homophobia
You are on r/nba So yeah, its an extremely safe bet you are straight and white.
lol. You didn't do any of this.
If you think constantly making gay jokes isn’t homophobic then there is something wrong with you. Unless you seriously think a gay person is going to feel welcome where everyone is mocking their sexuality.
If you think this list was of players that are bad then you aren’t on this sub very often at all.
It’s definitely one of the best sports podcasts.
It’s not like the Suns put this billboard up.
He definitely wasn’t outspoken. Like, at all.
What? The Lakers did it one time with a player that was already on their team and they wanted him to stay. There is literally no proof that the Clippers put up these billboards. Yet 99% of billboards are put up by rich fans. Stop being stupid and think for a second.
That’s not true
A players competition has nothing to do with how athletic they are.
You very clearly don’t understand what athleticism is. Wilt playing worse players didn’t make him any faster or jump any higher all while being 7’1. He would no doubt not have the same stats now that he did then. But that has absolutely nothing to do with his athleticism.
And almost none of them would be as good as Wilt. LeBron would be the only one that would be better and that has more to do with his skill set than athleticism compared to Wilt. Just watch a few videos of Wilt. He was doing things no 7 footer has ever been able to do. Or will do.
He would still easily be one of the best players in the league. And more athletic than anyone else.
No. The chances of getting injured are much higher for him than most NBA players. Always get paid.
He is their best and most popular player in franchise history. Kemba was on arguably the best contract in the NBA and they couldn’t put a team around him to compete. They are never going to get big FA signings. The chances of them competing for a championship no matter what they do anytime soon is virtually zero. You have to pay him.
So the goal is to get insanely lucky and nab a generational talent at pick 15?
Kyrie may not be a great leader of a team, but I don't see how any Boston fan could call their young players good teammates either.
No pick guarantees anything. The amount of number one picks that turn around a team aren't much higher than ones that never pan out. The chances of the Hornets drafting someone better than Kemba in the next 10 years are extremely extremely slim.
No.
Pick your favorite player
I'm sure every single small market team hates it. It's also why a shit ton of teams refuse to trade with the Lakers.
Uh... the 2016 Cavs. And don't say they had Love. He was terrible for them during those Finals. And it's not two above average players. It's two first team all-nba players lol.
He doesn't think he knows about Kawhi's thoughts more than anyone else.
Why do you think that? He was an absolutely horrible three point shooter, something that is extremely important for point guards now.
What does their finals record have to do with MVP?
Said for the fourth year in a row.
Who cares?
Of course you don’t.
It’s pretty easy to blame them for having one of the best contracts in the NBA with Kemba and not being able to put even an average team around him.
With their draft and contract history Kemba is going to be the best player they get for a very long time. Even if they win one of the upcoming lottery's there is no reason to think they will be in a better position than they are in now.
Lol
It's definitely won't be bad for ratings. If this does happen and the Lakers make the Finals it will be the biggest ratings for a Finals possibly ever. Certainly the most since Jordan retired.
Acting like the Sixers didn't make a complete mockery of basketball during "the process"
Your point? Edit: Wait, do you guys think Nichols is some kind of insider or something?
Yes, deliberately choosing to put out bad teams that you expect to lose in a professional sport is making a mockery of it. The only one using mental gymnastics here is you lol.
There is no way you are a 76ers fan if all you thought they were doing then was just being a bad team. Do you understand what tanking is?
Of course. Any two of those players on the same team would garner more hate than the Warriors simply because it's the Lakers.
Be on probably the best contract in the NBA over the past few years. Not to mention the only reason they haven't had the worst attendance in the NBA over the past four years.
No, you pay 29-34 year old Kemba money. For a small market team that will never compete for a championship in the next decade paying Kemba the supermax is the best route to take.
Kawhi has virtually zero chance of ever overtaking LeBron in the all time rankings.
What has he done recently that would be considered tampering?
Unless they get a LeBron/KD talent level player they aren’t going to do anything with anybody. They are a horribly run organization.
Kawhi signing with the Lakers isn’t good for any team in the league.
Yes. The players still get their extra money and the team isn't giving 1/3 of the salary cap to one player. It would help small market teams A TON.
That’s pretty pathetic
No it doesn't.
lol Alpha
He has Kawhi to kick it out to and AD down low. No one else is going to be taking the last shot of a game except those three.
Why is this sub so homophobic?
And it probably wouldn't have continued without him. Regardless, the Raptors faced a team missing their best player. That isn't a dynasty killer move.
Curry. Just so he is known as the person that killed a man the rest of his life. I don't even dislike him as a player/person.
This is an insanely popular style.
I understand i'm responding to this so i'm being a hypocrite. But what makes you think this is funny/clever and worth posting? Alcohol or weed are not good enough of answers for how shitty this post is.
The Warriors were never a dynasty before KD joined them lol. Two years of success doesn't make a dynasty. Stop being stupid.
They are going to lose so many viewers because of the name. Even if they are trying to be meta/clever it's a horrible name.
The worst of all of this was when everyone on here was so sure that LeBron had put winning on back burner and that he cared more about making movies than playing basketball. One of the worst takes this sub has ever had.
It doesn't matter if they could have been one. They weren't one until KD joined them. And KD didn't play in any of the Raptors wins during the Finals.
MJ LeBron Wilt Kareem Duncan Magic Russell Bird Hakeem Robertson Kobe Robinson West Wade KD Steph Garnett Dirk Malone x2 Barkley Thats 21 that he has absolutely zero argument over. This was off the top of my head so I know I missed a few easy ones.
Thanks for showing how little you understand about basketball!
If you are on the same side of a protest as a bunch of Nazis, maybe, just maybe you are part of the problem too. Good people don’t associate with Nazis and white nationalists.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
No, I’m laughing at how sad your responses in this have been.
Holy shit you are sad
Considering none of the shows are on at the same time you don’t need to pay for more than one service.
Just burn his house down.
It’s always the friends. Stop lying OP
Why Kemba :( I don't want to root for the Celtics but how you are going to make me.
I'm not even a Hornets fan. He is just my second favorite player in the league.
Because players had no power back then.
Why would you pull an all nighter when nothing announced is actually final?
PG: Steph SG: Kobe SF: LeBron PF: Duncan C: Shaq Kobe is obviously the odd man out being a bottom 5 player all time.
Yes. Kobe
THATS NOT HTE NBA
Do you know what the enter key is?
You are giving people on here wayyyyyyy to much credit
Fucking terrible bot
Of course he would lol
