Okay; let's try this again. A "combatant" in the context of a military conflict, for the purposes of the guerrilla side, is any individual that participates in combat operations for or has been armed with the intent to fight the federal government of the USA, or a government of the USA at least(such as a state level government) in open violent conflict. These sort of people would likely not be *soldiers*, which is meant to describe someone that has been trained professionally to fight in a combat situation, the proper term would be something like rebel, guerrilla, freedom fighter or insurgent; which is meant to suggest a individual(s) in a paramilitary organization of some sort, often with little or no professional training. While it be likely that many American soldiers would desert at the onset of a open civil war, this does not mean that a civil war in the USA would look like the first American civil war; in fact, given the divisions of the USA, its more likely it will look like the second Russian civil war, with two main groups and many different smaller groups fighting for control of the country or for safety within their community. What I am getting at is a combatant is not a soldier; a combatant is anyone with hostile intent towards an opposing side; an armed combatant is one that has a weapon, or a tool that is capable of deploying a weapon system(a laptop connected to a drone loaded with explosives for instance). Basically in a civil war; some combatants on the guerrilla side could be soldiers; but probably not most of the, most of them would be armed former civilians that have little to no military training, at least initially.
Honestly, what exactly is *wrong* with euthanasia? If someone is asking a doctor to help them to do it; then they've already accepted the idea that they want to die and will do what they have to to get it done.
Keep in mind that any article written by...well any company, could be owned by one of the five or so major media conglomerates, and depending on what their board of directors has in investments, that can influence the opinion pieces they put out.
Yeah, it's very important to understand Xenophilia is not mutually exclusive with militaristism or authoritarianism. In other words: they aren't pacifist whatsoever.
Yes, but what is west of Westeros?
Personally I am partial to 23N 10E chocolate lacation, but maintaining the out-dome ranches can be expensive.
That said, if you look at all the "Florida man" stories, they are usually from the same part of Florida. Its very specifically just a specific part of Florida that's producing most of the memey stories.
Honestly? I think you haven't been paying attention. If anything it's *because* people don't care that the USA is a powder keg right now; all it would take is the right spark to turn that dissatisificaton of a disfranchised and disaffected population into anger and a desperate hope for a better future.
Game development is expensive; these are essentially just quickly whipped up model swaps of the human player model with some simple code edits; which you get as a reward for essentially donating 10-20 USD to further support the games development. Realistically there'd be no controversy if they just asked for 10-20 USD is what I am getting at. This isn't really dlc, it's backer rewards.
You realize that idk, money runs out eventually, right? Most games have a shelf life of six months of decent sales when they hit the initial market, and then six months of sales based on popularity. Total shelf life a game is measured in a year or two. This goes as much for early access (until its 1.0 release resets the clock) as any game. Say they made most probably an average sales of a low or unkwown game of about 40,000 or so at an asking price of 25 USD. That means they only made about a million USD from the wave of initial purchases when it first hit the market about a year ago. Now, the average income of someone working in game development will be between 40,000 and 100,000 USD. So, without knowing the exact number of employees of RocketWerkz theres no way to get a perfect estimate, but lets say *just* twenty people which is your typical decently staffed small game developer at a median average of 60,000 per person? That works out to about 1.2 million a year, which would mean they couldn't make expenses this year; and if they were just 40,000 average, its about 600,000 per year, which would mean they couldn't make expenses next year. What I am trying to say is game development is not a vacuum, it has real world circumstances like any other thing in the real world, and just because you paid some money, does not necessarily mean it was enough money, just enough to get the ball rolling. When you buy an early access game, you are inherently investing in a product in the hopes that they will manage that product in a way that will see it deliver a satisfying conclusion to its development. This might all be guesswork without hard statistics, but its very much informed guess work that I hope gives you a picture of *why* they might be asking for more money.
Even more useful to know when you have the breakthrough that gives them a 100% boost (it was 100% right?).
Literally historically the reason China was unstable for much of it's history including why it ultimately fell apart again pre and post W3Ks.
Say you have a coal plant spun up to produce power to match peak demand...then suddenly a wind farm is producing high peak of power in the middle of peak demand hours. Suddenly you either need to A) wind down coal plant to conserve resources on the assumption wind power will cover the reduced performance for X number of hours, possibly causing a production shortfall later in the day if wind production declines sooner than expected or B) dump the excess electrical load into a grounding station, wasting resources keeping the coal plant running at peak performance. Whole point of why wind turbines screw with power grids is they introduce the logistical challenge of a power source you can't fully predict the output to the grid throughout the day. This screws with the efficiency and logistics of transporting power on the grid especially from non-renewable sources or sources with high maintenance costs (hydroelectric). Yes, you can store that power, but storage is inefficient and also eventually gets full, and yes, you can dump excess load into grounding stations, but that wastes resources, man hours and continues to use facilities needlessly which also means needless maintenance.
&gt; American citizens of color That one is already happening as Trump has his administration actively targeting naturalized citizens that have "not integrated well" i.e are from non-European nations.
No I am saying wind energy is a terrible thing to rely on to get your energy and this was already proven over two centuries ago in the 19th century with early factories and flour Mills.
A wheel like that only stops turning when the majority of people take actual responsibility for their country. Nothing Will change if we do not change the fundamental idea of what it means to be a good American citizen; o.e political obliviousness for 99% of the time cannot be tolerated.
&gt; He seems like a guy who has just been sleepwalking through life and bumbling into success. Literally just described his entire generation.
Capitalism is worse because its harder to conceptualize it as being as bad as feudalism to someone that doesn't understand the broader implications of its mechanics. Feudalism is obvious suffering; capitalism is business as usual; a seemingly benign system, until you peak under the hood to understand just how wrong every actually is when you really think about it.
&gt; I had no qualms voting for Hillary. I would vote for Biden, but I'd hate doing it. Honestly? If Biden wins, there needs to be national protest movements focused on independently getting Warren or Bernie on the ballot. Strictly speaking political parties are private organizations and I don't believe most states have their primaries codified into law. What this means is you just need to rally a sufficient number of people across the state yourself to circumvent the DNC. Frankly? We should be doing that *now*.
Here's the frank truth: there are 322+ million Americans and these are the realities that they face. Our politics are corrupt, our healthcare system is broken, we are *still* fighting numerous undeclared wars, poverty while declining is still an inexcusably high problem, and we have 2% of our entire adult population in prison making us ironically the least free country in the entire world. Do I feel upset that people are being treated in what ultimately amounts to cultural genocide at its worst? Absolutely. It is though, the symptom of greater systemic problems, stopping it isn't going to solve our problems or theirs. There is the cold and nihilistic reality that you don't get anything for free; and the only way we are going to solve all the above problems is if someone gets to suffer while we demand that our voices be heard, that we get what *we the people* want, not what our corporate masters have decided we get. We can all be bleeding hearts and elect the most expedient solution to our problem; or we can gamble and demand that our voices be heard, that our wishs in *our democracy* are honored by *our* representatives, not the absurdly and needlessly rich 1%'s. There are hundreds of millions of us, the people, and only thousands of them; we can't let them distract us with morality theater while they pick our pockets, burn our bills of rights, and dismantle everything that makes this country great for their own profit. That's the reality of the situation; electing Joe Biden will if anything, make the problem worse, not while he's in office, but in a decade down the line when this whole cycle starts all over again.
I feel like I know exactly what this is a reference to....
To be fair, its more like it reaffirms it as a serious crime; because it messes with the safety of *internet commerce*. By making it a felony explicitly, its now up to communities to argue with their local law enforcement to more strictly enforce the law on these matters.
Honestly? American prisons *are* concentration camps too and actually frankly follow the definition better than the ICE detention centers. Mostly out of the *millions* of people locked out, most are non-violent offenders; often being forced to do hard labor; and the system is intentionally engineered to ensure once in, that they will never leave prison, at least not for long. Their only real crime is being guilty of being too poor to afford a decent lawyer typically i.e the penal system is designed to entrap the poor and especially the poor minority. This is why I am a bit unsettled that people are more than happy to be critical of a policy for people that are actually breaking the law coming here(by failing to immediately proceed to a US port of entry to claim asylum or follow the appropriate procedures to renew their visas/claim asylum before they expire). Laws that which, are there to protect us, the citizens, as much as them, the immigrants whom want to become citizens. But they have absolutely no problem with millions of Americans being thrown in prison and forced to do what amounts to legal slavery(explicitly so under our constitution); at least not enough of one to see protests in the street and calls for senators or presidents or governors etc to be thrown out of office. Can we be frank about that? Because as much as I detest what is being done to these people; I am far more sickened by the hypocrisy of my countrymen more. No one actually cares about these people I think; but rather like to be angry about it because it gives them a legitimate reason to be critical of what they actually care about, Trump's presidency.
Life terms for SCOTUS removed and more justices added* FTFY
&gt; This has been the case since the dawn of civilization There was a very brief moment where labor unions were strong enough to snub it; but then the rich killed the Unions.
Why does something like this not result in automatically losing in their seat?
A billionaire? No. A multi-billionaire in the single digits? Probably, but for sake of simplicity, No. A billionaire in the double or triple digits? Yes. Anyone that has a fortune over ten billion has almost certainly been breaking the law and skirting taxes to get there. You don't raise hundreds of billions in assets, or especially liquid capital, by playing fair.
To be perfectly honest? Garbage collectors make really good money. About 40k a year on average. Living a modest life while working the job for 20-30 years, and yes, they might actually be fairly wealthy.
When 50% of Americans are poor, and 20% of America's poor are living in abject poverty, it suddenly makes a lot more sense. Ultra-rich are destroying this nation; and the 99% get to live with those consequences; especially those making 40k and under which makes up the majority of all Americans.
Not the point. The point is that, even if they earned it 100% legitmately, that there needs to be a "reasonable asset cap" in the interest of preventing wealth disparity from getting way too high. A billion is more than reasonable; frankly, ten million would be more than reasonable as an asset cap, but a billion is an easier compromise to argue for now. Currency needs to be recognized as a public resource(which it is, given that it essentially gets its value from the labor that working Americans produce), and one that must be regulated with high but fair caps to prevent any one individual or organization hoarding too much of it.
Its really good money for someone that doesn't hold a degree, there really aren't many jobs like it.
Exactly! Realistically, no human being should need more than five or so million throughout their entire lifetime. That's enough to buy a house, get a degree up to a Ph.D, live your life independently at a middle class standard of living for 50 years, and still have savings left over to go on plenty of vacations, buy a few nice vehicles, furnish your home with whatever you need, and probably start and operate a small business. No one reasonably needs more than ten million USD in assets to live a really good life; so why is it acceptable for certain people to do this? Its genuinely weird that money is seen as something people are *entitled* to without any cap rather than a common resources meant to facilitate the exchange of goods and services that it is really is; its a resource that is no different than a public road; its something for everyone so that everyone can engage in their day to day lives easily.
If you had an explicit employment contract, that can't change that legally without you agreeing to those new terms. That's literally the entire point of a explicit employment contract.
&gt;America’s government is at least stable enough to prevent that war from happening in the near future. Historically been proven that government and economic stability can have nothing to do with the reasons for a civil war. Many civil wars across history have been fought entirely because of political or social unrest.
So farming in any tropical developing nation basically?
&gt; A woman’s assault on another resulted in a miscarriage and she’s being charged with manslaughter is shocking enough. Honestly? If she was 26 weeks or more pregnant, it be less fetus and more definitely a baby at that point, 90% of 26 week old premature births survive. I can understand where I think you're coming from though if its before then; however it remains a fact that she *attacked another woman* and she's being charged with manslaughter instead of you know, *assault*, literally only because she was pregnant. So the other woman already had to prove in court she was justified in her self defense(and did), which is the only reason she's being charged with anything at all.
So just because someone is pregnant they are allowed to commit a felony assault with no consequences whatsoever? They are allowed to commit any crime for any reasons just because we feel bad because their actions resulted in the miscarriage of their pregnancy? That's not how the law works; when you commit a crime, no matter who you are, no matter what your status, no matter your physical condition, unless it can be proven you were in a state of mind where you cannot be held reasonably responsible for your actions, you are thinking human being, and you make your own decisions. This "mother" made the choice to attack someone; and that someone defended themselves, and because of the mother's decisions, she miscarried. That's all that matter; this person didn't care enough about their pregnancy to not put themselves at risk and not attack someone; so why should you?
&gt; Her assaulting another lady in a dollar store parking lot is a misdemeanor. First off, no, it only be a misdemeanor assault if it was either a threat or resulted in no bodily harm i.e didn't touch her(other woman). While it can be plead down commonly to a misdemeanor, its codified as a felony when you attack someone regardless of the degree of injury. Its that simple, the state(read: the USA) recognizes the right of the individual not to be harmed by another by any degree. Whether a "degree of injury" is required is I believe, probably up to the state to quantify. Otherwise, its a felony assault when you punch someone, regardless of if it caused permanent injury. I shouldn't have to explain this; people have a right to not be assaulted in a parking lot. &gt;Shooting her in the stomach? Not moral. Punishing her for getting shot? Not moral. Punishing her for losing her baby? Not moral. Honestly? Her getting shot in the stomach is probably the only reason she is alive at all; a center mass shot would have almost definitely killed her given her pregnancy; but that aside, the fact remains that where she was shot is irrelevant to the fact that again: *the pregnant lady attacked so someone*. Punishing her for getting shot? No; punishing her for *assaulting someone*. Punishing her for losing her baby? No; punishing her for *assaulting someone*. She attacked someone. She attacked someone and that's why she was shot. She attacked someone, and because she got shot while doing it, she lost her baby. And it remains a fact you acknowledge it as baby, which means you recognize it as a person; which means for someone reason, you are okay with someone recklessly endangering a person in the act of committing a felony assault. And I think that's the core of the issue: to me, I would too, prefer she just get charged with a felony assault, but it remains a fact that she *did* commit a crime and she should be charged with something.
&gt;Ultimately, a person acting in self defense killed an innocent bystander (as Alabama recognizes a fetus as a person). Yes, and deaths that someone cause during a felony are typically charged as murders, not manslaughter, but that's beside the point. Everything about this case is otherwise procedural and by the book. Someone shot someone; they went to trial to prove it was justified; then the "mother" was charged for reckless behavior that resulted in the death of person(manslaughter) i.e as far as Alabama is concerned, the fetus. &gt;Another nuance is that the Shooter is the fetus's father. If this were a kid, the father has as much responsibility for the care of the kid as the mother has. No. Pregnant woman attacked another woman who she was having an argument over the paternity of the pregnant woman's pregnancy. Shooter was the other woman, in self defense. Its okay, I made that mistake as well initially. This is a story of two women getting in an argument about whether the other's husband was having an affair essentially; then the pregnant woman attacked the other woman; who according to the article tried to deescalate the situation before shooting the pregnant woman. &gt;. Do you really think that if mom and dad got into a fight that mom started and the dad shoots her, misses, and shoots their 2-year-old that the mom would still be charged with manslaughter Yes. I mean like, seriously? Is that a rhetorical? A dude is waving around a gun in a domestic argument and accidentally kills their own kid? How is that not the definition of a straight-forward manslaughter charge? Manslaughter is literally the charge of killing someone, usually accidentally, and typically because of intentionally reckless acts.
Its incredibly concerning they were able to both the intelligence, equipment, and planning stages of a major extremist plot completed before anyone intervened. This is not a good sign for things in Germany; domestic extremists there essentially in a developed and stable nation almost essentially carried out what amounts to a targeted assassination of political targets.
Sorry to burst that bubble but in 10 years, extreme weather events are going to start becoming a lot more common. I am talking *apocalyptic* weather patterns; true story natural disaster films probably will lose popularity when said stories happen every month.
First off, it is impossible, due to the nature of the universe, to prove a negative or rather; in this context, to prove something is a definitively false assertion. That's part of the whole point of the scientific process, to support such assertions with facts, as to make them much less baseless, and much more informed opinions on the facts of reality. This is the gravity is real(more or less a fact until proven otherwise by someone) versus what causes gravity(a well supported opinion which we call the theory of gravity) debate of things in essence; even if something is proven wrong in the sense that it doesn't add up with new facts, it remains that it was the facts that changed the opinion not the opinion changes the facts. I bring this up because: no, this is a well supported opinion on the near future of our planet. Do you know what scientists have documented for the last few decades? Increased rainfall, increased heat wave frequency, increased tropical storm frequency, increased wild fire frequency, increased flooding frequency. There is a provable pattern of increased natural disaster frequency on a global scale, and its only going to get worse, and worse, assuming trends hold, which from other supporting data of past extreme climate change events, there is no reason to think it won't get much, much worse.
&gt; Planetarian Whatever happened to the full adaption that was supposed to get?
&gt; perfect conditions for solar power (and wind I imagine), [Oh sweet summer child](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-yALPEpV4w) Let me elaborate on the videos points: without key supporting technologies and infrastructure investments, renewable energy will cause *more* pollution due to how it screws with the grid. Going even further, the same is true of electric cars for the same reason, and the same is true of many schemes to clean plastic waste directly from the ocean. You can't *just* do something, you have to have a follow through plan. Unfortunately *just* building renewable causes a lot of habitat destruction, causes more pollution(due to drops at peak hours requiring star/stop of fossil fuel power plants). Building electric cars creates *massive* amounts of pollution, less than a this-year-model car, but more than a five year old vehicle; you absolutely should get one if its your first vehicle purchase in ten years or ever, but not otherwise; indeed furthermore the rare earth metals required to make them,create a whole different quagmire of ethical issues. Oh, as for plastic cleanup: while there is *nothing* wrong with it on its face, we need the infrastructure actually handle the collected plastic, otherwise it will just end up in poor asian countries anyway, creating ethics concerns.
First off all, if you really want to play the game of scientific consensus on a reddit thread instead of taking the video TLDR, then you are going to have to suffer reading cited scientific sources instead, otherwise don't call me wrong just because you disagree. [Impact of Solar installation in the American Southwest as of 2011](https://academic.oup.com/bioscience/article/61/12/982/392612) [Six articles(linked in article which provides summaries of each) on the issues of Wind energy enviromental impacts](https://climatechangedispatch.com/wind-turbines-destroy-habitats/) [Article on the impact of Hydroelectric(sources for article are cited)](https://www.ucsusa.org/resources/environmental-impacts-hydroelectric-power) [Times article on the human cost of electric cars](https://time.com/4939738/electric-cars-human-rights-congo) [Video on the issues of single stream recycling in America, I would recommend reading their citations under "references" in the description because they are all *top* news agencies](https://sites.google.com/view/recycling-is-broken/home) Have fun. Oh. Wait I forgot one. [Feasibility of a 100% renewable grid system](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1364032118303307) ^ Now, while this one might appear to be in disagreement with my position, its important to understand my position is not that renewable and "green technology" are not important, vital pieces of technology that we absolutely need to adapt into our grid, they absolutely are indeed, but rather, that, there is a *massive* cost we ignore while advocating them to both the environment *and* the people that process these resources. In essence, my point is: renewable energy will not save the planet, they are merely going to continue our status quo under a different sort of game; our energy demand increases are probably not going to stop, and neither is our pollution one way or another.
&gt; have a fun army In campaign*, in MP battles they are surely a nightmare to play? I say this because even game 1 army rosters are better than the WE. It comes down to a lot of their units being dependent on campaign effects to be viable. Its not to say an army of Waystalkers isn't lethal in MP, its more "how often do you have enough gold to field an actually viable WE army?". Add to this their weak monstrous units, limited lord options, poor magic lore selection, and very low unit counts for their top tier units, and you have a recipe for an army very suited to a playstyle that just has too many counters in MP.
Honestly? Very low width two company chaff divisions rushed out with barely any training is a perfectly viable response to this. When you have 4.6 million in manpower, why not use it for absurd ideas like that?
Even from just a relative point of view, the ship is super-massive. We're talking *size of a planeload* at the minmum here; probably several hundred miles long, and maybe even a hundred across. Remember: this is a ship designed to bring an entire civilization worth of people to a planet specifically to colonize it to a level of *at least* the 21st century. So there's probably hundreds of thousands of people, animals, not to mention enormous amounts of machinery, storage and what not on it. Its an ark ship, purpose built to start an entire civilization. Its huge.
People have an easier time losing what they no longer value(things they no longer want) than giving what they do(money).
Read: American citizens left without power for years because of racist president.
A lot of corporations aren't what they seem on the surface. McDonalds is a massive real estate empire these days for instance.
It's a misnomer to confuse barbarism with anarchy. Anarchists don't believe in no government but rather a government that doesn't use force to get it's way. These sort of governments can and do exist not on paper but in practice all over the world in small nation where the *culture* is what enforces the policy of governments ultimately.
Pretty much one option. At least, it's the way modern real world anarchist type states work. Actual theoretical anarchism had *no force* as in *it just works*, literally, no hyperbole. It could work... In space once humans have unlimited resource access. Not down here on Earth though.
&gt; Evolutionary Mastery perks to ensure everyone has uniform traits, then you don't need to care about what species they actually are. "Our nation's values are genetically encoded into every citizen regardless their planet of origin.
Actually all resources that don't have a hard cap have this overflow issue. Research is also effected by this.
There's actually some niche vanilla circumstances that it can happen though, and it particularly harms very late game
&gt;xenophobic just as I feel I end up wiping out the diversity of the galaxy. I still enjoy blobbing and taking down rival empires, but end up forming one that represents all species. You could play a Fanatic Authoritarian xenophile with Slavery guilds. Give all species rights. Congrats you've made a meritocracy where the strong and capable rise above the weak and feeble, regardless of planet of origin.
No, wanting to sustain yourself and wanting to feel good about yourself are very human. How that is accomplished and to what extent you willing to go to do it at very much *cultural*. It's human to want to have enough resources to survive but cultural to accept the excesses we accept.
Two things: As far as Europeans are concerned, Canadians, Mexicans and Americans in general on either continent, and I mean that Americans as in people living in the Americas, Are Yanks. So you know, food for thought. Secondly: your country is doing this all on your own because you took no lessons from the USA's own hard right push to parties of radical conservativism and unchecked neoliberalism.
&gt; America’s conventional army is almost ineffective in unconventional warfare. This is true of any nation's conventional warfare. Guerilla warfare is stupidly effective against what we consider conventional warfare.
Historically this form has protest has not ended well for the miners though sadly.
It does actually matter. It's about where power is actually concentrated. Democrats are federally minded party in a country with a constitution that greatly empowers it's individual states.
TLDR for everyone: Essentially, inelastic demand is where supply is limited but demand is unlimited, which means that the price could literally be one dollar or ten thousand dollars, and the consumer would still buy it. Healthcare is the most predominantly disturbing example of how extreme the disparity between the actual cost of the service, and the for profit margin can get.
50 years ago, the definitive connection that birds are a specialized lineage of dinosaur, and it's only known extant lineage to have survived.
This hasn't been true for a couple versions now. Now it's only rolled the first time any science ship enters a blackhole.
A bug, you are running the version before that patch, or you triggered it on entering and it has a MTY trigger(the event) that isn't always instant.
Not understanding the critique is perhaps the most appalling thing about American civil discorse. Let's be very clear about something: Democrats are just as happy to take corporate donations and sell us all down the river as the Republicans; the only difference in historical policy between Democrats and Republicans since 1980 is as follows: *Social policy platform *Foreign policy strategy *Strategy on how to deal with party corruption. Democrats are quite happy to collect a paycheck from tax payers using Honey strategy rather than the Vinegar strategy of Republicans all while accomplishing functionally nothing of merit over decades. Now: here's where you need to understand: Economic justice, *is* social justice, in fact in a Capitalistic society, it's the only way to get justice. Failure to secure, promote or endorse a class conscious society based around strong unions and workers rights platforms, tax reform, healthcare reform, is the essence of a bad idea. We live in a Capitalistic society: money talks; Democrats and Republicans are nominally our employees, and we the people are their supervisors: yet instead of complaining they aren't generating any profits *for us*, the 99%, we let them distract us with a trival non-issues that are systemic and the result of a more prominent economic issue. Oh and as for a difference in foreign policy: American foreign policy is dead set on a pivot to Asia focus to counter the two primary threats to American status quo: Russia and China(though soon Brazil might join them). Republicans feel we should focus on a Middle Eastern strategy it seems whereas Democrats want to move our focus to East Asia and South-East Asia. Neither party leadership is anti-war, this is what makes Sanders a standout in the race as being anti-intervionist. Let's be clear: that's a really dumb idea, we absolutely need to find a better strategy for it, but Russia and China are proven threats to the long term stability of democracies, and allies (particularly China) to dictatorships. As for corruption: all I am gonna say is Republicans are to a burning dumpster fire as Democrats are to a trashcan that has a smell you can't quite seem to get out. Democrats have systemic issues of corruption, particularly at the local level of leadership, which is the most important place to *not* have corruption, since that's the most personable with the most day to day impact on people's lives. So what I am trying to say is: we absolutely should oust Republicans everywhere we can, but do not trust the Democrats for a second, they are not our friends, they are our employees, we are their bosses.
To be honest, most of the true far left don't like her much either.
&gt; and you're saying they're both fruits so they should be equally appetizing. No I am saying we should eat the apples and watch out for the especially rotten ones actually.
&gt; You are looking at what Democrats should do if they win Exactly. That's exactly right. But that's an important point to make. Too many people think our problems are going away if we push out the Republicans. Which we should do. We should use every ounce of energy to do it. We need to do that, they are a stain on any semblance America has of democratic government. It's also crucial to understand: Republicans did not get here on their own, they got here because we didn't ride the ass of the Democrats every step of the way to remind them: they are not our bosses. It doesn't take a genius to look at the way some of the Democratic leadership talks about most Americans and tell how patronizing they can be towards what is ultimately their boss. So if and when they do win, we need to keep pushing for progressive policy, we can't let the Establishment Democrats tank the push towards the center.
We got a plague of locusts, half a continent burning down and an actual global pandemic, and we aren't even out of January. If there is a God, they are pissed.
I hate to say it: Trump isn't going to start WW3. A misunderstanding of Trump is the level of his intelligence is greatly unplayed because of memes. He's at worst average intelligence, the problem is the average person is as dumb as a bag of hammers in this country. So he understands that doing anything he is told *could* actually start WW3 is bad, just not why it's bad, so often times we will see him do things that are more ignorant than malicious. That said he needs to get the fuck out of the White House.
Six now actually.
&gt; Also they won't abduct the last 2 pops, so anything above that should be siphoned off to one of your worlds best suited for (in)voluntary labor This also means it's an entirely viable option to never actually conquer enemies, turning their empires into perpetual farms to fuel your own empire while leaving them stagnant.
This virus I believed to remain infectious outside the body for *days*. Nevermind just people: the plane, the hotel, the airport, all of it is also an infection vector.
Let me let you understand something. Trump exists because the Republicans that you vote in lie to you. They want power. So they will lie to you, they will do everything they can to make it look like the country is doing fine and due to the scale of our country it can be hard to see the reality. I'll make it easy: if the economy was really doing well for us average folks, wouldn't your wages being going up much more than inflation, if they have been at all? If wages aren't rising significantly over inflation (it's been 1.8-2.0% every year for decades now, like clock work), then the economy isn't doing well. So ask yourself: what were you making in 2000? If you were working that job today would you be making 40% more to adjust for inflation?
Because that's true. And the reality of democracies. Founding fathers of the USA made regular notation of this fact. If your electorate doesn't remain engaged, it can turn very bad, very quickly. That means regular protests and demands to elected officials. Democratic government must be maintained by the people, every single day. We are the employers that need to keep the employees in line.
Hey! ... BuzzFeed actually does alright Journalism compared to a lot of outlets, it's just their titles are clickbait.
Dude. We live in a poor and under developed country with a serious housing crisis and a shitty health care system. We literally are only classified as a developed instead of a developing nation because we are a permanent and/or founding member of the organizations that release those kind of statistics.
The USA is not equipped to handle a national pandemic. We can't even handle the intake from a major natural disaster hitting one city most times.
Not a decision. This is an edict. Which means you have to pay out a scaling sum of resources up front to move pops automatically.
At this point I would like variations on how to trigger the same crisis.
Here's the deal: the entire ink and laser cartridge industry is a racket built by the relevant companies to generate continuous profits despite the technology and manufacturing expertise to build a significantly better product. Free market only works when the government steps in to shut down the bad faith actors who do things that are unfair to competition or to consumers.
Absolutely. People have been saying everything she's been saying for decades now. She's only getting a prize because the cameras are rolling and people are listening to things we should have been listening to decades ago when it mattered.
You are speaking a bit too soon. Now while not barbarians, there is a certain massive east Asian dictatorship that has set it's sights on the UK in the wake of Brexit. China has been making waves trying to build up its global profile and it's actively trying to make much of the western world dependant on it for its own benefit. Brexit leaves the UK particularly vulnerable to economic invasion much like other nations elsewhere within China's belt and road targets are.
But...we do have flying cars? They are just prohibitively expensive.
Good. Those monuments aren't built to "honor confederates" (which in itself is insulting, they were traitors to this nation), they were built as racist dogwhistles, most of them in the 20th century long after the war was done, usually as a reactionary response to blacks gaining new rights.
Criminality are not the same as morality. Plenty of countries make it criminal to speak your mind.... or be gay. or a woman or in our nation's case, for a long time, it was illegal outright, to be black; and to this day people are still feeling the effects of that everyday. Criminality does not equate to morality.
If I am to speak frankly: If this was a Vietnam or Korean war monument, I wouldn't even have the grace to call it anything but a monument to imperialism. However since this is a WW2 monument, I can say pretty confidently two things: the only names on that monument are the white soldiers and that people don't seem to often realize that women and minorities had to fight for a long time to have their contributions in that war recognized.
&gt; Why are we being pitted against each other like this? A failure to organize. An allergy to it. Our enemy are the rich and powerful. And they play us all against each other like puppets on strings.
When you have fuck you money, you can buy houses you don't need, entirely as status symbols to friends you hate.
&gt;The dictator is at it again... Please, please, do not unplay the threat Trump can represent if we don't take him seriously.
Often times, you can read aspects of American history and think... "Wait did this actually happen?" American history reads like a bad multi-genre novel more often than not. If a historical event sounds unbelievable about the USA, its probably best to go research it before assuming its fiction.
Whys that?
It can be though, lies are useful tools when the truth helps no one. Honesty is not always the best policy, that's never been the issue here. The issue is he casually lies about *everything*. Literally everything. Even easily verifiable, petty things.
Consider the mind boggling preposition that the Mongol Empire actually existed, and that OP is actually really close to its real size and scope. The Mongol Empire was the single largest contiguous land empire that has ever existed; the only empire that was larger was the British Empire.
Capture it and burn it.
&gt; I'd like to see Athel Loren spread like corruption. When I first played Wood Elves when it had just come out, I was very confused to discover this *wasn't* a thing, not even just visually to indicate the wood elves had control of the region.
This country was founded on a revolution. France(a democracy) is a democracy because of its revolution. Almost every single American nation, north or south; is a democracy of some level or basic quality. Because they all rebelled against the monarchs that once shackled them. To go further: many of them then rebelled against the domestic monarchs or dictatorships that tried to seize control or did seize control since their founding. Saying violence doesn't work ignores most of history; the problem isn't that violence doesn't work, its that its violence and it hurts people, often indiscriminately.
Tomorrow the SCOTUS is airring their rulings on *ten* issues, all at once. I am not joking.
&gt; coronal mass ejection The good news is that a coronal mass ejection is *far* more likely to happen in 2020 than the eruption of the Yellowstone. The bad news is we are overdue for a mass ejection and its probably going to happen sometime from now to the next five years.
I mean, you probably should be anyway dude, food price hikes are setting in right now for reasons that are too complicated for me to explain but the TLDR: general panic has had trickle down effects that have caused a food price inflation event to kick off.
Honestly? Its really not about the specifics of any one region, but the deep fear of knowing that you can't just go "anywhere in the USA" and be safe. A black person can't go from a community which is overwhelming black and policed by blacks, and mostly safe, to say, a community that's largely policed by whites, without having to worry they are going to get shot by people from that community. Get what I am saying? That seems to be part of it basically, a fear of the country as a whole, not just where someone is living.
Apologies for our natural feature that has existed since before either our nations is bringing us both down! Terribly sorry, truly!!!
Not to mention: police shootings affect *everyone*, regardless of color. Blacks get the shortest stick on this issue, but when you compare yearly shootings to any other "developed" country, lots of people, white or black, are dying every year. Police shootings have been getting worse every year for everyone.
Sounds too "white supremacy" for my tastes.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 55" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of *hundreds of thousands* of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created *before* this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
A lot of the elevated bad outcomes for blacks can be better exampled by *education and socioeconomic factors* than by their race. That said, the problem is due to systemic racism in the past, Blacks are still dealing with the education and socioeconomic factor consequences of stuff like segregation and slavery. So they are often disproportionately less well off than their white or even other minority peers. So it becomes a distinction without a difference, though its at least one that can eventually be fixed.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 45" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created before this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 45" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created before this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
Fixed specified example earlier because I realized I was confusing East Texas, with the specific counties in East Texas that are Black Majority and I don't feel like digging up my original source right now unless someone really wants to look at Texas demographic data.
Just those in western hemisphere.
[Not random at all](http://www.srl.caltech.edu/ACE/ASC/DATA/level3/icmetable2.htm) They happen on a pretty regular schedule, about three to six in a month followed by a seemingly "random" sporadic period, followed by a more regular period again.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 45" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created before this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 45" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created before this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 45" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created before this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
[Conviently, a website for this exact data](https://www.governing.com/gov-data/safety-justice/police-department-officer-demographics-minority-representation.html) Atlanta has a majority of blacks as 57% of the police. Jackson, Mississippi has 87% of its police, and curiously, Washington DC has an 56% majority in its metro area police department. Note: this data is from 2015, it may be out of date.
Confederate statues and the naming of places after confederate traitors have been used as racist dog whistles ever since the end of the Civil War. Its safe to say that while I hear you, you're opinion is provably wrong.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 45" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created before this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 45" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created before this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
Hell no. That piece of shit deserves to have his entire legacy erased. I am 100% in favor of having his photos, portraits and any images of him on official or ceremonial documents be replaced with a silhouette and a nameplate that simply reads "President 45" a lot like how Germany handles Hitler in their documentations and records. This man is directly responsible for pushing this nation in a economic depression and likely will have caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people by the time this pandemic is over. Not to mention all the human suffering abroad, and domestic he created before this pandemic. He's a monster and a cretin that doesn't deserve the name recognition.
&gt; No one is born Blue. I know I am being a pedant but, this is not the case. First off, there is absolutely a serious medical condition that causes people to be born blue due to hypoxia. However, there's also a rare genetic disorder specific to one family in the USA that gives them naturally blue skin without medical treatments to help them blend in better.
&gt;water would likely have elevated levels of toxins as the ash settled in. Yep. It pretty much turn most surface water in the USA into toxic sludge, and nowhere be safe from that.
When your options are: Stand out in the open and be shot Shoot into crowd of protesters and potentially kill a bystander Retreat to a more favorable position that gives you cover and time to think. Which option here causes the least amount of harm to civilians, and increases the chance of your survival and safety the most?
&gt; New York City isn't the capital of New York state Huh. TIL. Literally my first time reading about Albany at all.
Rubber bullets are less-than lethal weapons. They can kill people. So it really doesn't matter; the point isn't that she was shot and killed or shot and injured: Its that someone peacefully demonstrating was shot on video. We have a right to peaceful assembly, and this officer violated that right explicitly.
The democrats that control that valley are going to tell you to fuck off, kindly. This is the kind of event that would be the perfect setup for a "Rio Grande Republic" in fiction.
Horrible, I can't play instruments, the orchestra sounds like trash and the birds seem off key. However, I stand by my amusing factoid that pokes at the idea no one is born blue, mostly because its not true in a literal sense, and because its not true in a *cultural sense*. There's absolutely such a thing as "police families" where the police identity is ingrained deeply into the family. The police force in this country are a gang like any other, pretending otherwise is fallacious. People are born into that gang just like many others, the only difference is the police are government sanctioned thugs.
Given that the ash will turn every fresh surface water source in the continental USA into a highly basic solution(lye), I think starvation is largely secondary to dehydration in the immediate aftermath.
There is not a single military man alive, that has met a LEO from this country and thought they were trained enough. Go do an AMA request for one, you'll find *zero* in the way of supporters for the current level of police training.
I mean if we didn't topple every Democracy and anti-US dictatorship(that was trying to modernize their nation and push to democracy while pushing out radicals) then the region would be a whole lot more stable, but yes let's pretend like the situation isn't entirely our faults to begin with.
&gt; This is why I'm scared. The only thing I have going for me is that I'm white [ICE doesn't care.](https://www.statesman.com/news/20190925/fact-check-has-ice-detained-or-deported-any-white-immigrants)
Me actually!
If it grazes the Earths magnetic sphere? Some lights flicker and you get a pretty light show. If it *hits* the Earth's magnetic sphere? [This happens.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/September_1859_geomagnetic_storm) Now imagine that event, but today, with all the electronics we have. It would pretty much drop our technology back to pre-industrial times for a few decades. Oh but, nukes would still work, for reasons that are bit complicated to explain but TLDR: the facilities don't need much power and are inherently shielded from radiation. So basically it be the 19th century but with the threat of nuclear annihilation.
[Here ya go](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/marine-veteran-us-citizens-detained-ice-aclu/story?id=67465583)
Not enough of one, and its entirely unnoticeable outside the Bretonnian region.
Look dude: we've watched 50+ years of Arabs with *far less* in the way of access to supplies, guns, ammunition, equipment and explosives fight guerrilla campaigns against a contemporary USA army. It took the US government *years* to win against them every time and the major difference is: we are the American people, which means we are within striking distance of all the infrastructure American military needs to actually function, and are the people actually building it. A civil war would absolutely go either way.
Dude this is a violation of at least *three* constitutional rights.
Sad reality is that there's a subset of racism in this country that exists among a lot of minority communities where being "too mixed" makes you "neither that race nor the other", ironically white people are often the only people that will openly recognize you as "one race or another" even if you're mixed, for better or worse.
What's fucked about this: Police are taught to shoot center mass in this country. Rubber bullets are only-less-than lethal when you shoot them *below the waist*. Above the waist, they have much higher fatality ratings as far as I understand.
&gt; surrendering To be fair, surrendering was the best thing the French government could do in that moment. They had been too confident in their defense stratagem, and by doing that, they left themselves unable to mount and effective counter-campaign when it was breached. They had more or less a choice: fight for a few months and maintain national pride, and lose anyway, possibly inviting much harsher treatment from their soon-to-be-occupiers or surrender and hope this makes the Germans implement a much softer occupation. Their surrender had more to do with the unlikeliness of winning at that point and a duty to keep as many citizens alive, than anything else.
I think this is the point to be made people don't get, and why civil war is inevitable. A civil war might not necessarily happen this year, hell, it might not necessarily happen if Trump wins somehow or during his unfortunate second term. The problem is, much like the first civil war, there are two deeply entrenched schools of thoughts: those aligned with reality, and those disillusioned with it. And I don't think there's any fixing that.
What the hell did I just stumble on? and more importantly... How is this community only a year old?
The USA is rapidly losing any credibility it has in the international community, and this is resulting in the USA being unable to avoid the consequences of its actions anymore.
TLDR: Red-light traffic cameras encourage city governments shorting yellow-light phases on intersections, places that are already highly dangerous, basically turning intersections into automated speed traps. The result is people speeding even more through yellow-lights, increasing traffic accidents. The government regulation apparatus required to make red-light traffic cameras work as intended is probably more expensive than just banning them.
&gt; who keeps changing her story This is literally the argument that right-wingers use to undermine sexual assault allegations. Maybe you should reflect for a moment before you make comments on this particular topic?
That's not how this works I am afraid. Frankly, I do not think a Clinton presidency would have been much better but for very different reasons. The round up for minorities by ICE started *10 years ago* for instance, under Obama predominantly. He also advanced our drone programs etc. Its important to understand that neither party is really here to help us, and both are advancing different but equally shitty "endgame" agendas for the American people. Republicans are the "looters" and want to burn this country to the ground dredging up every last bit of wealth they can and leaving the country behind as a liquidated husk. Democrats though are the "wealth farmers"; they want to turn this country into a stable hyper-captailist state where the masses are just comfortable enough to be controlled, and as productive as possible for their corporate masters, without necessarily conceding to the demands of the masses in meaningful ways. Neither side of the political spectrum is inherently *wrong* other the other side, both are just really good about playing the other off each other. It definitely helps that Americans have no class solidarity to speak of, which makes it impossible to organize and fight against this shit.
&gt;literally the only person to allege that Biden sexually assaulted her I hate this particular aspect of the narrative. [Biden has several accusers of inappropriate conduct, more than a dozen](https://www.businessinsider.com/joe-biden-allegations-women-2020-campaign-2019-6) While Reade is the only one that's come forward about sexual assault, coming forward on sexual assault is *very difficult* for victims of it. There's a lot of shame and disgust with one's self from it.
Read the list of grievances section without any context, and was very disturbed to realize it wasn't talking about Trump but King George, it took me a moment to realize just how similar the issues Trump is causing are to then.
&gt; FWIW I'm still in the "Let those whose ride, decide" camp. Just like that guy, I'm an adult who is prepared to face the consequences of my decisions. Here's my opinion: when you get injured because of your decisions, you take time and resources away from hospitals that could have been spent treating injuries that were less preventable.
Money as a penalty is nice but doesn't solve the mechanical problem that is there's a limit amount of medicine and doctors to go around. That's what fines don't work with this problem, people can just pay them and still cause a problem for everyone else further down the "social supply chain".
Read the article again: We don't know how many they currently have in custody, just on how many they've taken in. However, from the stories that do leak like Gomez, whoever they pick up is likely to stay in their custody for *years* before they beat it.
He can. Fucking vote.
Because the cops either weren't paying attention or wanted to let him do it so they could exploit the situation. Both answers show a need for reform.
This might be the most nihilistic argument I've ever heard in awhile in favor of letting people die just because it costs less money. The point isn't the resources are being spent on them in the first place, its that more than necessary is being spent. A motorcycle accident with a helmet will probably result in a concussion, some severe abrasions and a couple broken bones.... but all of that is out-patient procedures and extended bed rest. A skull fracture is not. Its that simple.
This just means the problem was the fact the cops were there in the first place *against the protesters* rather than *protecting them*.
Strictly speaking, this is also true in the USA. As a compromise for forcing hospitals treat *anyone* without checking their insurance, the government had to agree effectively to pay the bill for unpaid claims. So we have all the downsides of socialized medicine and *none* of the benefits basically in that respect.
Fuck that state law indeed. Glorifying traitors to the nation on its own should already be treason in itself. Yet the fact these particular traitors represent an ethno-state founded on slavery only makes it so much more glaring. There's what is legal, and there's what is right, and they don't always align.
You're thinking of species like the red kangaroo,antilopine kangaroo, eastern grey kangaroo, and western grey kangaroo. I am talking about the smaller ones such as tree kangaroos, which are endangered. "Kangaroo" doesn't refer to just one species, it refers to 70 species of macropod.
We have literal fascists taking over the country, systemic problems that have gone unaddressed for decades that kills millions every year from negligence, an impending climate disaster that threatens to collapse the nation in a few generations, the rise of China threatening to establish global hegemony that would hamper democracy globally, and an increasingly dire economic situation for the majority of Americans. Its creepy how you think this *isn't* a time to start talking about civil war. This is the last year where peaceful reform can really be justified. We're very much on a real clock counting down to doomsday right now.
Remember: bad apples spoil the *entire bunch* and this is a perfect demonstrably example of how. Just because a few good apples might have made a genuine attempt at connecting with the protesters(assuming it wasn't just a PR stunt), the bad apples will always manage to undo that in the end, and there are *far* more bad apples. Relying on getting a good apple from a police department is hoping you find the straw in a needle stack; you're going to find pricks every time.
Even if its a mostly symbolic gestured, its an appreciated one I am sure. Personally I appreciate it because confederates were traitors to the nation, and that alone should get everyone's blood boiling when they see one of these fucking things in an American city. It be like seeing a Hitler statue in Tel Aviv, Israel or Berlin, Germany.
Let's be real here: No one is risking their reputation(and business license) reaching a false conclusion. No amount of money is worth this, certainly not the amount of money they could be paid at the standard rate of a death investigation , which is FYI, about 4000 to 5000.
Really if you only need one more reason: generally speaking, you don't build statues for *losers*.
They are some of this country's biggest losers. Its not surprising that white nationalists look up to them in that sense.
That website set off half my anti-virus immediately. I think people should probably leave that link blue.
This is what happens when Americans spend their entire lives allergic to organizing; it makes it difficult to coordinate during the times its actually important.
So uhh... I take it there was more than one spy?
Democracy is inherently meant to represent the will of the most number of people possible to create a more fair society, but we've already ruled that it is inherently *not fair* as a result, to do things that directly antagonize, harm or limit the freedoms or liberties of the *other* half that's not represented as a result of this process. This is a done and dusted topic: just because you're the majority doesn't mean using that power to antagonize people is okay.
Don't be silly, Republicans don't care about government overreach. Republicans care about government being used as a tool to make them participate in society like adults rather than telling it to childishly to fuck off I got mine, and fuck you in particular *insert group of people Republicans don't like*. Republicans are children that never learned how to share and never grew out of the schoolyard bully phase of life.
Well aware, and that fact needs to be spread far and wide.
Let's fight against them using the acronym first off to break down their use of it. Antifa is short for "Anti-Fascists". Regardless of your creeds, faith or color its a decentralized movement *against* fascism in this country. It is not an organization. Its simply a very old movement against fascists in US government.
Its 100% illegal and everyone, not just those in Birmingham, need to be putting pressure on these assholes. When a government body in the USA violates a constitutional right, we must have solidarity with everyone living there and remind them that the *whole* of the country is watching them.
Realy, home shit of chicken shit traitors to the constitution, but to them, what's the difference?
Half the shit Trump posts would get that subreddit quarantined in a day.
&gt; WHY THE FUCK SHOULD THE TAX MONEY FROM HARD WORKING AMERICANS GO TOWARDS MAINTAINING THE EFFIGIES OF THOSE WHO SOUGHT TO BETRAY EVERYTHING THAT AMERICA STOOD FOR? Here's my opinion: no one, white or black, shouldn't be fucking outraged at those chicken shit traitors having statues paid for by Americans. 20% of the American population at the time *died in the war* telling them to fuck off, and there is absolutely nothing acceptable about the situation. We execute traitors in the USA, its time to execute these ones for good to the dustbin of history.
To be fair its not entirely benevolent on the UK's part: That's 3 million largely *English speaking*, likely *educated*, immigrants. Its opportunistic but an opportunity that any Hong Konger that would like to remain in a free society should take.
Many times. They've done it *many* times.
This is literally entrapment in both its literal and frankly its legal definition. "Ketling" is the reason they can't disperse, and will likely be the reason they are *arrested* for failing to disperse. They are entrapping them into crimes.
&gt; Mexican chihuahuas As opposed to African Chihuahuas?
If it makes you feel any better, zombie fires happen all the time, it just so happens it happened in 2020. The conditions were just right this year I suppose?
Welcome to a society that cares more about things than people.
&gt; the dark ages FYI, the dark ages are grossly misunderstood. The *Roman era* was the real problem, the "dark ages" is the romanticized (its literally in the fucking word) idea that the "dark ages" were worse than the Roman era at the time(by medieval scholars). We literally use the word "romanticized" because its assumed it was better, think about that. When the reality is that the Roman Empire was in fact, what really stifled Human creativity and innovation; imperialist hegemonic entities aren't exactly know for their capacity for innovation. They were about as equally bad for everyone involved, the core difference was the decrease in the standard of living for the aristocracy, the peasantry largely had the same or slightly worse, standard of living. Basically the Roman era is romanticized by the rich people of the time as a "great time" because it was, for them. Also people love selling the "scientific age of repression" angle but frankly a *lot* of technological innovations in manufacturing were made during this time, its pure academia that suffered, who obviously had a reason to dislike that, since you know, they were the ones writing the history books. The biggest impact of the renaissance was pushing academia from being largely "science for fun" to "science for practical reasons". Optics, engineering etc all suddenly had their place in the wars for European conquest. It was a horrible time for the peasants though, all of them (Roman era, middle ages, Renaissance etc)
As Nazi Germany demonstrated, its a distinction ultimately without a difference. The majority didn't support killing the Jews, but its generally agreed the majority knew about what was really happening in the camps, even if only vaguely(in the sense they knew the Jews were being killed). Now let the irony set in that this can legitimately be applied to Israel without any hyperbole.
[Kent State Shootings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kent_State_shootings) [Los Angeles Riots](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_Los_Angeles_riots) [West Virginia Coal Wars](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Virginia_coal_wars) [Colorado Coalfield War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado_Coalfield_War) Also a bit a of tidbit about the nature of how broadly powers have been expanded since 9/11 for the president. [This tidbit escaped mostly unnoticed the year it passed, but this bill granted the president control over the armed forces of all US states without the consent of their governor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Warner_National_Defense_Authorization_Act_for_Fiscal_Year_2007)
Do you think human beings are actually different now than they were just 100 years ago? We are literally *still* fighting over issues from 100, 200, and 300 years ago.
Let me rephrase: *There is overwhelming evidence* that they knew that the Jews weren't simply being detained at the minimum.
There's a nominal difference between corporations participating in a government led affair and them being the ones leading the government.
In the USA, *most* investigations into the conduct of police officers is done by... police officers, often from the same organization, even if its a separate department within it. Cops have about the same accountability requirements in this country as retail employees, with about the same level of consequences for fuck ups as long as they aren't pissing off someone important to their Union or agency. Honestly, even then its less: you can be fired in retail for yelling at a customer, but police routinely get no consequences for far, far worse in this country. The *only* time that police are consistently held accountable, are the rare times when an act is so egregious, that the federal government takes over the investigation.
&gt;Fuck these little assholes, but still, they're not full people Millions of little assholes make it through their teen years without murdering their peers and aren't full people either. Which is why I just can't see things this way. Don't get me wrong, I can understand this argument in the context of *accidental manslaughter* for instance, let me be clear about that, but cold blooded murder goes far beyond just "it was an accident", something in their ability to empathize is already very wrong.
And this folks, is why you make the contract have a cancellation fee that's bigger than the gain from cancelling it. Literally contracts 101. Corporate world is ruthless, a contract isn't enough, always make sure there's a price to pay for going back on their word.
Hey now, Planetary Annihilation was an amazing game for the standards of 2013. I will say though, I forgot about Human Resources, and didn't realize that hadn't gone so well.
&gt; Tencent bought a majority share in Bohemia Interactive Ah hell nah. That's no bueno. The last thing China should have any say in is military simulators and geopolitical games.
Honestly the only way the monetization is going to be okay: All the stuff that's already been featured in the trailers *has* to be in the base game. Its not an option for me. If it was used to promote the game, it better be in there either at launch or as FLC. If it has to be cut, fine, but please don't take my orion project launcher, its literally the thing I am looking forward to the most.
Oh. My. God. So ummm, that's another one of the bibilical plagues. If you don't know: diesel is basically blood red when it runs in water. So the photos in the article have a river of blood basically.
I mean, safety seals are entirely security theater when it comes to these sort of incidents dude. Someone determined to poison people in a random act of terror/violence is going to find a way to do it, seal or not seal. The main advantage of the seals is seeing whether or not the package has been handled too roughly, or if someone's tampered with it in a way that might have made it unsanitary, like this incident.
Even though, statistically, males are the "plurality" in this country, not the majority. There's more women than men in the USA, and that's not likely to change for decades.
More or less, this is probably going to slow down development of projects because it will stop PDX from the infamous "dev time crunch". This is okay, we aren't owed the time of the developers that work on this as their job. Only that the product that's delivered is playable and what was advertised. This is good news for those working at PDX.
No, that's correct. I said at "any given time". I am talking about its total maximum capacity in a single "moment", which it happens to be moving so fast it discharges every second because its being fed by a water source with *quadrillions* of gallons of water behind it. The Mississippi River absolutely has more than that many gallons flow through it, but at any moment its only holding about a few million gallons. Actually, what's scary is that this was actually *more* diesel fuel than the Mississippi ever holds at its *fullest*. The Mississippi river holds at most, 5 million gallons at any given time; this spill was 5.7 gallons. Also its important to understand that rate of loss over time is not the same as total capacity; its rate of loss over time is by the nature its nature, lower than its rate of replenishment during most times of the year, and roughly equal to its total capacity(which is the bottleneck for maximum throughput).
[Okay I am just going to throw a primary source at you and move on because I don't feel like arguing about an easily verifiable fact today, and for the record, I wasn't literally arguing that it dumps the entire Mississippi river in one second](https://www.nps.gov/miss/riverfacts.htm)
Am aware, I am saying the race powers were established for racist reasons, but now there are political reasons to create a ban on Chinese citizens emigrating that are entirely justified, given not only the present geopolitical climate, especially as it pertains to Chinese-Australian relations.
If years of reform can be undone with a simple EO, than no progress was actually made, just temporary relief.
To help you understand it better: On this continent and South America, there are two majorities: Whites and Hispanics. Blacks and Asians are always going to be minorities no matter where they emigrate in this part of the world. Hispanics don't really have a culture of "being an oppressed minority" because, historically, they really aren't one, in fact, Hispanic doesn't really mean much to begin with anyway. Hispanic "culture" is a meaningless term, "Hispanics" really refers to hundreds of mixed Native America-European legacies from either continent not to mention nationalities; also they are in fact, a majority on both continents. For all their flaws, the latin American nations are decently functional, mostly stable, democratic nations with okay standards of living. Its mostly years of propaganda that that part of world is a "shithole" essentially, and makes people fail to understand that...while the USA and Canada are the best *American* nations by miles, they aren't the only ones that people are okay living in. [In case you were curious about the QOL index comparisons for Latin American nations](https://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/rankings_by_country.jsp) TLDR: Living in South America isn't really much worse than living in Eastern Europe. Hispanic refers to hundreds of different cultures and nationalities. Hispanics were never historically anything but the majority anywhere they've lived since post-initial colonialism.
Yes, but nothing has shown me its the *wrong* way to look at it either.
There's no need for a fix. The USPS is still profitable(more so than its other, private competitors actually), the problem is entirely the pensions act.
Abolish the police! We do not need police. Our police departments and sheriff offices are a relic of the colonial and frontier era in this country. They are not the same as the "police" offices in other countries. They are very much meant to be "regulated militias" rather than "law enforcement offices". Because police officers used to be expected to shoot and kill militant elements i.e native resistance and outlaws. That's why they need to be defunded and replaced with community policing; they are literally armed militias with arrest powers.
Its my firm belief that we will have moved on from the need to protest by the year 4,000.... mostly because the human species will be long dead.
The police need to go. They are a relic of the colonial and frontier period in this country; literally a regulated armed militia group with arrest powers. We don't need these "police officers", we need community police in this country.
The police need to go. They are a relic of the colonial and frontier period in this country; literally a regulated armed militia group with arrest powers. We don't need these "police officers", we need community police in this country.
The police need to go. That's what really needs to happen. They are a relic of the colonial and frontier period in this country; literally a regulated armed militia group with arrest powers. We don't need these "police officers", we need community police in this country.
Sounds too coherent. And its missing some of his signature syntax when describing himself. Bonus points for getting the syntax for how he goes about describing others right though.
Just remember folks: until the medical autospy is done, this is not confirmed as a suicide, until its done, this could be a *multiple murder* staged as a suicide. Or possibly an accident someone the family knew stumbled on and left a note for on the exterior because they didn't want to be associated with it.
Yeah in case you didn't know: Canada has to Native Americans what the USA has to Black folks. A history of police disproportionately killing them I mean. Well, actually no, Native Americans here also suffer a similar level of "disproportionate" death by police so I don't need the comparison even.
To paint a clearer picture: If the CCP falls a few things are going to happen in the immediate chaos: North Korea is going to be invaded. Vietnam is possibly going to try and reannex the bits of territory that China took from them in the last war they had. India is going to try to annex Kashmir. Tibet might revolt. Russia might get involved and invade parts of the country as well. Japan is going to probably take all those artificial islands Taiwan will probably declare independence. And China doesn't have any real allies to stop this during the transitional period.
USA. North Korea has strike capability on our West coast. South Korea is only valued as a geopolitical ally because they are a counter to North Korea. and the only reason we don't just invade North Korea is because of China. Without China, the entire underlying reason for an American-South Korean partnership dies. And yes, the USA is absolutely capacious enough to do it(screw over an ally), we do it all the time.
I don't really understand why you're being downvoted. Hispanics already look a lot like darker white people like those from Southern Europe i.e like Spain. In a few generations, Hispanics will just be considered a cultural identity rather than a racial one. Like it is in the rest of the Western Hemisphere.
I mean honestly you were so close you should have just waited for client state tech/adv cb tech and then go do this. Over extension under 100% is absolutely just a number. Over-extension over 100% is just a number as long as you have the raw army to deal with all the revolts. Ironically, quantity ideas make it a lot easier to deal with over-extension because of this. That said, the real nastiness is that -722 diplo means you're going to end up behind two diplomatic techs at a time when a critical diplomatic tech is coming up.
For better or worse, there used to be value in having the USA mediate discussions over tense issues. We had the neutral 3rd party status(mostly) to more or less avoid a conflict of interest in most cases and the might to keep the discussions civil for either side.
Oh no. This makes me realize: there's going to be a shrek meme mod for WH3.
Oh definitely, but its not going to stop it from proliferating.
I know you want to believe that but frankly, I don't think you're getting it still: Everywhere else in the Americas, hispanics are the majority. For the most part, Black Latinos have been absorbed into the hispanic culture though face similar economic hardships as black Americans. Its mistaken to think that just because Hispanics are a minority here, that Hispanics are a minority elsewhere. They aren't. Whites(including Hispanic whites) are actually a plurality minority in the western hemisphere, making up about 46% of the western hemisphere population for reference.
Yes and its flat 70% chance with no modifier; but even then, a 70% chance to just guranteed kill an advent of any kind is a decent tactical option and the hack stat increase is the more important thing anyway. Its a handy pocket option when you have the "action economy" space to use it safely.
Nah, it looks like a murder-suicide sure; but again, this could have just been an accident, and the note doesn't appear to be so much a "suicide note" as a "I found dead bodies, don't go in there, let the police deal with it" note. Its a really weird event but when you dig into the details its clear we won't know for sure until after the autopsy rules out death by another cause, and they identify the source of the apparent poisoning. To paint a different narrative: its possible the house had a carbon monoxide problem, they got into the car already dazed, the garage had more deadly gas than the rest of the house, and they all passed out; then someone found their bodies, wrote a note and called the police for the wellness check. That's why we need to leave this to be investigated rather than speculating.
Their heritage is being chicken shit traitors to democracy and *losers*. Remind them that every time they say it.
Occams Razor is a literary device intended to make it easier to write narratively interesting theatrical performances. Reality is not obligated to the whims of logic.
It *was* an anachronistic view; then the post-war confederate propaganda grew into a counter culture movement we see today. I get what you're saying but I disagree with it entirely.
I find this hilarious.
Mercantilism is not *useless* its *situational*. 100% mercantalism can give you ridiculous trade power from having a single level 3 center of trade and trade ideas. Europeans can use it to micro-conquest for key places on the map specifically to push even more trade from abroad into the European nodes. Africans, Asians and Americans use it to *keep* trade in their nodes.
Unfortunately, as much as I don't want to limit a unions ability to protect its workers, the simple fact is that said workers have to held to a higher standard than most and that means having to strip them of some of their bargaining powers.
Don't forget a focus on moving towards community police and disarming the police! Regular cops do not need guns at all times, we have SWAT teams for a reason. If cops think they are going to be in danger, they can bring a weapon, but I don't feel like regular cops need to be armed unless they are specifically responding to an already dangerous situation. Also no-knock warrants just flatly need to be banned.. its the *unreasonable* in unreasonable search and seizure we are supposed to be protected from frankly.
&gt; You obviously don’t understand what a union is or how it protects people, including those who are not even in unions. Feel free to educate me, by all means.
Ummm for educational purposes, where might someone exactly purchase a grenade launcher? I am actually not joking, I am genuinely curious.
Niceeeeee, always good to see a Spore reference.
Its an underused modifier and as it happens, Republics are supposed to be inherently better than monarchies for the stability of the nation, power cost reduction is a reflection of this in that sense.
Everyone else: The poor man, here have some spare change, bless you have a good day. Cop: He was a dangerous individual, I didn't feel safe, so I shot him. I feared for my life
Yes, but its not really "Germany" but rather a german successor state to the HRE that encompasses all the germanic lands. Its not the Germany we know, which was formed by Prussia after the annexation of much of what remained of the HRE by 1871 to create a unified ethnic german state to act as the home of the germanic peoples.
Yeah I think some people forget that, while Italy at the time was more socially liberal than most places in Europe at the same time, women walking around unescorted by men was still seen as pretty strange in most places.
Because a second ago they just made several hundred times that. This is why allowing companies to be multi-billion dollar enterprises is so absurd. Boycotting does functionally nothing; this is a conversation for government action not social action.
&gt; i I * Enforce the rules!
Traditional propaganda yes. But we are talking contemporary mass media and social media propaganda, not traditional propaganda that comes from traditional speakers on behalf of empowered individuals in society.
&gt; right wing FTFY. There are no major left wing parties in the USA. Neoliberal Democrats are just as far-right wing as Radical Conservative Republicans. Their only significant deviation of policy over the last 50 years has been the expansion of protections for minorities and their somewhat more balanced economic policy approach(its the same approach as the Republicans, just with less overt looting by the rich). Too often people forget stuff like the "Crime Bill", "Patriot Act" and many others like them were passed with *Bipartisian* support; SCOTUS cases typically end in a 9-0 majority and it took *two decades* to get the Democrats on board with the policies Americans have historically backed since the 90s. We are *very* slowly pushing the Democrat party back to the center politically, but its a mistake to think they are ANYWHERE near it right now.
That's nothing, Texas has a zero tolerance policy to any kind of threat in schools. White, Black or Brown; if someone tells the campus police you were making bomb threats, you're going to be pulled out of class, strip searched and if they find anything you're going to be detained. There's a good chance they will *not* read you your rights(like they are supposed to) when they detain you, and also, more than probably your parents will not be called(like they are required by federal law to do) Children and very young adults (16-18) often are not treated like citizens in this country, but as property until they are 18 and out of high school.
Do it. It is. It very plainly is. Its literally the same system as say, a scratch off lottery ticket.
&gt; You're going to be riding that **horse armor** till you die on it FTFY lest we forget part of what started the micro-DLC/micro-transaction trend in video games.
Its more because they don't want to have to control for peanuts in manufacturing of the MREs which could increase the cost of the rations and the logistics of separating out the ones that don't contain nuts.
&gt; Money wouldn’t have saved George Floyd’s life Money would have made it easier for him to move to a better country, or lobby for police reform, or any number of things. Money *does* matter in this society, and pretending like it doesn't is absurd.
What's Paradise?
The only time he be a good president for a moment is if for some reason, the US government needed ideas of bankrupting a casino.
I've had college professors insist that the amendment that "abolished" slavery abolished slavery, rather than what it actually did, which was a compromise where slavery is only legal in the prison system. Slavery was not ended in this country, it was merely moved from the plantation to the prison yard. Very explicitly so in the amendment, by design.
&gt; Unfortunately, you have to pay them quite a bit out of every paycheck. Its a question of what you get out of them, not what you give. If your base pay goes up, your job security is higher, and your benefits are better than other people in the same industry, than its ultimately worth it. The job security alone should be worth it frankly in a country that's plagued with "at will employment" and "right to work" states.
I hear what you're saying but again: Nothing is free. A price has to be paid somewhere.
Because its that simple. The community wants the police to treat them *like a community* not *caged animals*. We are *their* boss, not the other way around. When protests are treated with respect by the people *we have power over*(or should), of course they are going to be peaceful.
&gt; It’s all just a long line of their tradition back to confederates More like the *Puritans*; you think the Salem Witch Trials were over "witchcraft"? They were over fear of land owning women and men that were outcasts in the community having any influence(by owning land). The witch hysteria was a convenient excuse to kill a lot of folks that community didn't like, legally and take their land, legally. There's a long history of people in this country using the "law" to get their way at the expense of others.
[Yeah sure buddy, keep telling yourself that.](https://www.opensecrets.org/donor-lookup/results?name=Police&amp;order=desc&amp;sort=A) Highlight: Ted Cruz (yes, that Ted Cruz) has the "National Fraternal Order of Police PAC" as one of his major donors in 2019. Oh by the way, it should make your blood boil that many politicians are being bought pennies on the dollar (sub-30 grand usually at the federal level). You may also notice a very unfortunate detail: Democrats *and* Republicans, happily take that money. Edit: Oh [Here's what you find under the search term "Law Enforcement" rather than "Police"](https://www.opensecrets.org/donor-lookup/results?name=Law+Enforcement&amp;order=desc&amp;sort=A), you know, if you needed more examples.
Wouldn't it be easier to just change your name slightly than to keep fighting it?
Ah. You realize you *can* get a new SSN *if* there is a good reason for it, right? Having someone with an identical SSN would qualify for "a good reason".
spoil the whole bunch*.
Bad apples spoil the *whole* bunch. When you don't treat that adage seriously, you reap its consequences. When bad apples are allowed to spoil the system, it quickly spreads to everyone, even the good ones. Law enforcement hasn't been "just a few bad apples" *ever* though, its been a rotten maggoty mess of them for the entire history of the American police forces since the 19th century. We have stacks upon stacks of egregious abuses of power going back to the 19th century where police actively participated in open armed conflict on the behalf of corporations against labor strikers and protesters. Its not a new issue: the whole system was built up from the start to enforce a rotten status quo. They are little better than armed militia groups employed by the government like in other, still developing countries.
Even judging him by *medieval* standards, he was bad.
This is only going to be a good idea if it comes with a foreign travel ban (to or from) New Zealand for the next few more months.
&gt; Black people kill alot of black people Let's add to this point: Most of the Black Slave trade was propagated by the Africian Kingdoms and tribes along the coasts of Africa. East Africa sold its slaves to Asia; South and West Africa to Europe; and North Africa sold its Black, Brown and *White* slaves to the Middle East. Slavery as an issue is *a lot* more complicated than the "White Slaver" mythos that surrounds how the slave trade actually started.
I mean the sex of a person is only as real as the technology at our disposal. Male and female lose meaning for intersex people for a reason. And as technology advances, sometime in the future sex changes can be not only down to a genetic level but intersex could shift to mean people that intentionally opt for various genital configurations surgically.
To put it simply: Its not hard to understand what's going to happen when you create an ethno-state for a single people superimposed over a region that is inherently multi-cultural and already has a dominant culture that's actually lived there for hundreds of years. The Brits and Americans knew better by then; they simply didn't care when they created Israel. Anti-Semitic sentiment was a global thing, the Nazis just took it the furthest; no one else in Europe or American wanted the Jews, so they dumped them in the Middle East and made it the Arabs problem.
&gt; terrorist organization I mean it fits given that our police force is structured, armed and trained like an armed militant insurgency paid for by our tax dollars.
Don't get John wrong, aside from Canada, the USA is *absolutely* the best option to live in by *miles* compared to all American nations (North or South). Most countries in the Western hemisphere aren't doing great, even Canada has a similar problem with racism in its police force but on the whole the USA is generally speaking, the best option for a lot of folks. Its better off than Eastern Europe, most of Asia, the rest of the Americas, and *way* better off than Africa; and its easier to move here than to Western Europe or the nice parts of Asia. When your choices are between a bad system and a worse system, that's the choice you're making coming to the USA from a developing country. That's really all I can say in defense of my country though honestly.
Part of the problem is the police issues (even in this video) are framed as a *Black* problem. Its not; Blacks suffer disproportionately but the problem affects *everyone*. By framing it as simply a 'black problem" it takes away from the ability of say, Whites(the majority in this country) from caring; which, if you think that is nihilistic, welcome to the reality that people care about themselves first and foremost. A better way to frame it would be a problem that affects *everyone* especially Blacks.
Its not every surprising, one of the legacies of colonialism is pretty much all nations use the same group basic law systems (Common Law etc) and the philosophies behind these were inherently enhancing the states power over the citizenry.
&gt; something’s been omitted for the Australian version of this episode. When it fades back in, what does he start talking about? That way I can tell you what was cut out if anything.
Dude, read his username. Its very obviously a troll account.
Do you happen to have a clip of this? u/DrFruitLoops
The Ministry of Truth has informed me that 1984 was never written because that year didn't happen and that even if I remember that year that I am mistaken.
So uh how many people think that Kim is dead and the leadership is preparing his sister to takeover as a "regent" for his son?
It would be the timeline where he does ....and it turns out its the one idiot savant thing he's good at in fact. But somehow I feel like the president being coherent and calm while addressing the country to be a pipe dream.
I am liking the quote that the USA is 50 countries masquerading as one. Rather helps you understand the results of things like the pandemic response.
&gt; They probably should've added that there was someone specifically in mind in the title. "Please put a black guy in this job so the PR is better" doesn't look good. Not least of which because, and I cannot stress this enough: No study has found a conclusive connection between the race of an officer and the force they use with a particular ethnicity. A black officer is just as likely to use excessive force against another black person as any other officer. The problem absolutely *is* racism but its instutionalized racism, and blacks that are part of the institution have also become part of the problem. This cannot be solved just by getting rid of *just* the bad apples; you absolutely have to "replant the orchard" and defund police, narrowing the scope of their job, and distributing the funds from the police to purpose made programs and institutions for the problems that would be better solved by someone with specialized training(and no deadly weapons).
Detroit did. The federal government did not. If I am not mistaken, this means its still illegal import weed from Canada. So you know, his dream still lives!
I don't think you're reading this right. We are going to *take* the money given to the police that they use to hire more police officers than they need to cover all the services we expect them to do and we are going to *narrow* the scope of the police force's role in society. We are then going to *give* that money to new programs that *are* trained to deal with the things police are not. Police have to deal with everything from the homeless, the mentally ill, drug addiction etc. They aren't social workers, healthcare professionals or psychological professionals, but they are often expected to deal with these scenarios. Part of police reform *has to be* scaling back what the police do to a smaller and smaller degree; their presence is society needs to be curtailed for everyone's benefit.
And yet, Police Unions do it all the time, and have been doing it.
[As it happens, there is one!](https://search.proquest.com/openview/34cdb894eda5fda9ae8318a30d0ece48/1?pq-origsite=gscholar&amp;cbl=18750&amp;diss=y) Right in the abstract: &gt;Although no conclusive results were established for the main research questions, a follow up discriminate analysis resulted in prediction of group membership 94.9%, adding to the evidence that race of the leader may impact policing outcomes. *may in a scientific paper, should pretty much be disregarded FYI; what matters here is that a lack conclusive results in this study, in combination with a previous study on the impact race has on officers decision making I would argue strongly implies a lack of correlation outside the * of reducing drug arrests, but no focus it seems was done on how police chiefs effect other things within departments, purely just drug arrests, so there's no way for me to make that conclusion either as a result.
The Tulsa race massacre bombings happened in 1921, long before Pearl harbor. Also; the *nation* of Hawaii had been *forcibly annexed* just 43 years prior to Pearl Harbor and was still effectively an occupied territory at this point that didn't become a state until a full *18* years after Pearl harbor. So no, Hawaii *was not* part of our country at the time of the Pearl Harbor attack. Nor was it the first time a place in the USA had been bombed. That was by the US government.
I mean yes and no; there's absolutely a clear group of people that are targeted disproportionately by the police and blacks are overwhelming a part of due to systemic racism having suppressed opportunities for and eroded any progress therein. Poor people. In general, socioeconomic status far better explains so many of the trends we see in the USA; but good luck trying to sell that idea here in the USA. Class solidarity and consciousness is pretty much non-existent in this country, and trying to sell the idea that *maybe* racism isn't the *exact* problem blacks have is an excellent way to turn a conversation into a less than enjoyable discourse. Until the conversation finally shifts from blind assumptions that racism is the primary factor to *class warfare* is to blame for a lot of the country's current problems, we aren't going to make much progress as a country.
[We can actually](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSVqYnserqo) One of the most experimental wind energy technologies is free floating turbines that hang out in the atmosphere teathered to the ground by a very long cable and transferring the power in the winds way up above down to the ground. Remember: just because you can't feel wind doesn't mean there isn't any; if clouds are moving fast, there's wind, just not where you can feel it.
Natural gas isn't nearly as polluting as coal; Biomass can inherently be adapted to take in waste from society to produce energy; and Nuclear waste (when things go right and they usually do) can be contained to a very small space compared to carbon emissions which go literally everywhere. Its still absolutely *huge* progress for the UK.
TERFs can fuck right off. In about a few more decades, we are going to have the gene editing tech to change people's sex at a DNA level. How exactly will their argument make sense at that point? TERFS are perhaps better described as "Trans-Exclusionary *Reactionary* Feminists", the feminists that don't like the idea that hill they co-opted from the equal rights movement(for all) of the 1920s and 30s (and killed the momentum of and continue to do so to this day) is finally the hill they are going to die on soon.
Hoping a company will do the right thing for the sake of it is like hoping a dingo won't eat your baby because you would like it not to. There's a very remote chance it might happen, but in all likelihood, the dingo is going to eat the baby.
Sadly, that's just not how business works. Profits above everything. Including humanity.
This is what happens when the there's been a legislative gridlock for decades; a lot of stuff that should have been made *law* was instead made *policy*. Policies from the executive branch and rulings from the judicial branch can be reversed on a whim. Laws cannot; they have to go through a process.
Here's the deal because I am already guessing where you're trying to take this: this isn't going to work. Semitic peoples come from North-East Africa. The peoples that would go on to create "Palestinian" identity on the flip side, have been inhabiting the region for *hundreds* or even *thousands* of years. Even in an extended, historical context, the Zionists in Israel are invaders. This is not even the first time they've invaded that particular part of the world. You are not going to win this argument, because the facts aren't on your side.
&gt; The Muslims don't have any land... wait, I forgot about the hundreds of thousands of square miles of Muslim controlled land all around the area. I take it you're British? /s Because you're talking as if simply having a shared religion makes a place a "unified" region, when this isn't even the story of *Europe* let alone the Middle east.
Here's my argument: Israel had not been the homeland for Jews and Ethnic Hebrews for over 1,255 years when the state of Israel was artificially created by Zionists, with the aide of other colonizers, chiefly the British and Americans. Palestine had been the home of Arabs, for hundreds and later, Palestinians specifically,for at least half a century by then. That's my argument. That's my whole argument. It wasn't their home anymore when they can in and stole it from the Palestinians. They had no right, besides some ancient historical claim that would be equivalent of Italy demanding western Europe give them all their territory because it used to be part of the Roman Empire. They had *no right*. Yet they act as if they, a people that had not lived there in millennia, had the right to take from the innocent peoples that had lived there for hundreds of years since then. That's my argument.
Texas is a captured Democratic party state. Of course we don't use it. Most people in this state vote Blue; but Red has its claws in deep here thanks to election rigging mostly.
Basically, the idea of the current constitution is *flexible*, there's some core tenets that CANNOT be changed or removed. One of them is separation of powers. Inherently, the Speaker or Senate Pro Tem being able to assume control over the presidency directly and totally breaks the core requirement within the constitution for separation of powers.
Me: why would they pull this its about racist white people not.... Oh...oh no. I remember now.
History is an account of what happened to people live in that moment; the present merely is history in the making.
Let's be specific about just one of the incidents of genocide(there were a lot): When Columbus first arrived in Americas, he massacred the Taino people(thousands of them) out of *spite* because they didn't understand him when he asked for their gold(which they didn't have), more or less. Edit: its *very* concerning, that this post is getting downvoted.
Pedantry;- "excessive concern with minor details and rules." Edit1 for all those downvoting, since it seems I need to teach people about why I hate unnecessary pedantry: First off, you are in fact, not correct. "Toe the line" has origins as a naval term to mean "to line up for inspection", and only morphed to mean "to stand for those of authority" much later on. Secondly the word "tow" conveys a meaning of "carrying or pulling forward" whereas "toe" implies simply "standing between or on"; which is why "tow the line" has become the more popular way of saying the phrase in the first place. That's just how language works; it changes. Finally, and I cannot stress this enough: while I understand correcting on the basis of idioms like "bad apples" because its important to convey "bad apples, spoil the whole bunch" otherwise the idiom conveys an incorrect, and opposite, meaning to the original idiom; I do not in fact, like it when people try to be pedants just to try and seem smart. "Tow the line" correctly conveys the rough, correct meaning of the idiom, and for some, better than "toe the line". Correcting someone on it is just a way to make yourself feel smarter.
First off, OP was in fact not correct. "Toe the line" has origins as a naval term to mean "to line up for inspection", and only morphed to mean "to stand for those of authority" much later on. Secondly the word "tow" conveys a meaning of "carrying or pulling forward" whereas "toe" implies simply "standing between or on"; which is why "tow the line" has become the more popular way of saying the phrase in the first place. That's just how language works; it changes. Finally, and I cannot stress this enough: while I understand correcting on the basis of idioms like "bad apples" because its important to convey "bad apples, spoil the whole bunch" otherwise the idiom conveys an incorrect, and opposite, meaning to the original idiom; I do not in fact, like it when people try to be pedants just to try and seem smart. "Tow the line" correctly conveys the rough meaning of the idiom, and for some, better than "toe the line". Correcting someone on it is just a way to make yourself(OP) feel smarter.
&gt; Maybe that person is a pedant but it's still worth thinking about why someone pointing out a mistake in your post pissed you off so much. Language matters. Its how conversations are had; its that simple. Pedants add nothing to conversations and everything to further muddling the social lexicon by making us doubt how to use our words.
The solution to racism should not be including whites in the people discriminated against, no matter how justified you might feel about it.
Dude, its kinda crazy people don't realize this: We have the tech to build that classic "UFO" saucer; we've got documented public prototypes; and the harrier jets literally hover. My theory has been for awhile that the "classic UFO" was some kind of early prototype for the tech we use in harrier jets.
I'll make it simple then: &gt;Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. &gt;abridging the right of the people peaceably to assemble Free speech zones are literally illegal in the USA.
I mean....unless we abolish the police force? There's a mountain of evidence that we might not actually need them; or at least, *far less* of them. Probably as much 90% cut backs in some places.
I did! I've been predicting the USA elections would be ending up with national observers at some point during the Trump presidency for awhile. Without the international influence we have, its hard to smooth over the ruffled feathers of oversight agencies that would otherwise designate the USA a backwards, developing nation thats in a weird twilight between developed and developing.
I like to call it the "Fortress Americana" mindset, where, because we've never had any serious continental enemies, the USA never developed a culture of taking threats seriously. Whenever an outside force breaks the mindset, we lash out, disproportionately.
Let me be clear about something: Hillary didn't win the popular consensus of Americans; she won the "I don't want Trump to be president" popular vote. Hillary wasn't anyone's first pick, but she was the only one that was offered that year that was assumed would win; if Hillary hadn't ran in 2016, we would not have DJT as president. Its that simple. She was neither a good candidate for *current* issues; a personable human being anyone could feel would make a compassionate leader nor did she have a particularly endearing character of any kind. She wasn't a leader to people, she was the alternative to Trump.
&gt; Leadership is seeing what's right, and then working to make it popular. Not necessarily: there are different leadership styles. Biden's leadership style would be based described "servant leadership" where his goal is to make sure everyone is happy and able to do their jobs efficiently. This isn't necessarily a bad way of leading when you have a crisis, like we are in now; but its definitely not ideal for the post-crisis, when we need a reformer. We'll see how this all plays out if he wins.
&gt; extremely like able person Which is non-ideal for a leadership role that *requires* to be exactly that. I don't think she'd have nuked our relationships with other countries like Trump, but I definitely think she'd fan the flames in places, particularly the Middle East.
Let's be honest: some of the developing world openly laughs at us too.
Further down the rabbit hole we go the more Rowling ruins her legacy of creating an influential book series... and also Fantastic Beasts.
&gt; to watch ICE evolve into a paramilitary internal police force Already happened. Let's be honest. ICE was created in the Bush Admin. Started rounding up Americans with the wrong color during the *Obama* administration. and became a quasi- federal police force at the beck and call of the president with Trump. At this point, its a question of whether or not Biden (if he wins) will disband them or continue to operate as a quasi- federal police force for him or a future president.
Wait wait. Let's back this up. When did they claim they had a warrant for Breonna specifically. Memory serves the initial story was they came to the *wrong house* for a *different suspect*.
Every economic situation is going to create more opportunities for the rich though, there's always one more way from them profit off our desperation and outrage. . Though, with that said.... . I wonder how guillotine manufacturers are feeling about the future of their business right about now?
No no no. I am pretty sure that was an after the fact cover story.
Because Japan makes what is considered the *best* mayonnaise in the world, and also, because its really popular in Japan in general.
TLDR: Kobolds get absurd rates of enemy attrition in their territory, especially when combined with Defensive ideas. Just park your army on a province next to a fort and bait them into an attack on the fort. Reinforcing armies are counted as the defender when reinforcing a fort siege against an attacking army. They'll lose an absurd amount of manpower just moving through your lands honestly before they even arrive at the fort, and you can just rinse repeat until they are out of manpower and having to recruit mercenaries. The bigger you get, the more effective this strategy becomes.
They aren't. They literally aren't legal. Its legal to *train* someone to do a job for "experience". Its *illegal* to have someone to *work* for "experience". In other words, its already illegal in the USA, its just not a well enforced law; and not enough people know their rights.
Not really; it was accurate when Whites first came over. But there are now families that live in the USA that haven't step foot in Europe in over 400 years. Longer for those from elsewhere in the Western Hemisphere. There are Hispanic Whites with families that haven't lived in Europe for almost *500* years. I think its safe to say whites are a naturalized demographic. This is the same reason why there is a move from "Africian Americans" to Black, for Black people, and it has roots in the same arguments. There really isn't connection to their place of ancestral origins.
To be fair, there's a certain level of justified fear here, given the on-going displacement and frankly borderline genocide going on perpetuated by Israel against Palestinians. I say borderline only because they aren't quite to the point of rounding Palestinians into camps and executing them; but they don't have a problem killing civilians as they displace them.
The fact there's so many I can confuse them if true is alarming.
Yes that's what I was paraphrasing. People get a little nervous about the *violent* part of the quote, but that's a problem with this country I think. When it counts, we aren't actually ready to step up and defend shit. That rugged individualism, for better or worse, has seeped into our culture and politics and makes it fundamentally impossible to get anything done, peaceful or otherwise. I hate it; and I do not think the current generation or millennial have moved far enough away from that ideology to really make a difference. Really, that's the root of the problem. I think if a concerted effort is made to teach about civic duty, class consciousness, and community participation; that the community matters as much as the individual; that maybe we will see change in this century. I don't personally foresee it even if the protests over the years turn more violent, for the simple fact that a lack of willful organization has rendered the American people's power spread incredibly thin.
&gt; ARE WAY LESS LIKELY TO BEAT THE SHIT OUT OF A WHITE GUY and that's the point. Ehhhh not quite. This is what I don't like about how people(incorrectly) interpret the statistics. Its *more* likely that yes, Blacks will suffer a bad outcome with police *however*, the statistics are clear its an alarming high *general* percentage that you will face a bad outcome, and Whites face the highest incidents by volume if not by racial biased percentage. Its that simple, the statistics say *everyone* is far more likely in this country to have a bad outcome with police than in other developed nations.
Any actions that target China get called out as racist more often than not. Until people understand that China is an ultra-nationalist state and its citizens(and government) are a genuine danger to all democracies, nothing is going to happen here. China is *never* going to get better, not probably, for *centuries*, and understanding that as a norm we have to live with in the future means not treating China the same way as other countries. I have better hope that Russia will become a reformed democratic country in my lifetime than China in five lifetimes.
&gt; Young Americans are working more hours so they have less time for relationships or even just **casual sex.** Covered that already.
&gt; my accent upset both black Out of curiosity, why'd it upset Black folks?
&gt; 2021 when she gets to divorce him after his presidency is over. *If* please use *If* when describing the end of his presidency. Its not a certain thing until *after* November this year and only *If* he loses. Overconfidence is what let him win last time.
I have: the sign that people think he won't win in November by default. We need to vote to inherently prevent this.
&gt; I am afraid that the strange notion of eating pizza while creepy robots would sing covers of popular songs is done and has been for a long time. Given that an entire generation of kids has grown up with FNAF franchise, yeah I'd say animatronic pizzerias are a hard no sale for the target demographic.
Yep, that is indeed, what I am referring to; there should have been foresight to make the plan more resistant to that.
Let's go further: Europeans didn't settle America. It not only was settled, but *more* people lived in North America than at the same time in Europe. Before the Europeans arrived, this continent was firmly settled by almost twice the number of Natives. Europeans had the benefit of colonizing a graveyard of civilizations.
I feel like you can't find a better icon from that time than someone that was genuinely repentant for their terrible actions. You really can't.
Which in itself is a myth; the founding fathers had a lot of deists in their ranks. Essentially agnostics that reject the idea of god as the sole font of wisdom.
Anti-intellectualism is why this country(USA) and the world is going to shit. You aren't helping the problem in the least.
^This. We're in the twilight of limitations for silicon based computing right now and in another decade or two I foresee it will only be marginally increasing. We'd need entirely new architectures to continue improving silicon computing at that point.
Inb4 it is a test, but the *opposite* answer is right one.
Do you have a greedy ruler? Because you can't remove it with one.
More like to manufacture consent to use deadly force against otherwise peaceful protestors.
We only have the need for police in our schools because we refuse to address the causes of shootings and gang violence. Namely a failure to fund mental health treatment, funding public education for post primary school (associates and bachelor degrees), regulating firearms, provide adequately safe educational environments, and provide options for distance learning for students that simply can't handle the social situations involved in school. If we did all that, I guarantee you we would see a school shooting at most, once or twice a decade. Schools shootings aren't a problem in itself but a net result of failing or more accurately, *refusing* to address all the holes and cracks in society.
With WOTC you can just get both you know? Plus you can get the ability that lets your aid protocol give Ever Vigilant, meaning you can put non-specialists into a multi-overwatch stance.
Two words: Trump's Endorsement.
Any elected official that has the gall to fly the flag of a secessionist movement should be recalled immediately... and possibly dragged out and hung for treason shortly thereafter. Not only it *constitutionally* illegal in the USA to support a movement that has the intent of taking over the government, its illegal for elected officials to make overtures for secede from the union. We need to start taking overtures of treason like this seriously; and as a country. Regardless of where a representative is, flying these flags at the minimum represents a sign that they support the ideas of the confederacy.
&gt; Sharia law I mean, Sharia law isn't real in the USA but Biblical Canon law absolutely is a thing in some parts of the USA.
&gt; What happened? Let's see. For starters? We routinely failed to address the confederacy apologists and post-war propaganda spread. Its not unfair or absurd assessment to say that the KKK and the Daughters of the Confederacy(and groups like them) were a direction continuation of civil war as a militant insurgency focused on laying the groundwork for support in reestablishing the confederacy and suppressing any attempts to move forward from the issues that caused it(the civil war). So starting there, we've got a major white nationalist movement undercurrent that's been going on for nearly two centuries. Then in the 20th century we've got the red scares; the red scares *fucked* the labor movement, *fucked* the true left, *fucked* moderates, and empowered the liberals and conservatives into their present total stranglehold on American politics. Its not to say they weren't monoliths *before the red scares* but the red scarce pretty much killed the legitimacy of any third party on the actual left side of the political spectrum and undercut the moderates pushing labor reform, who were now seen as "too left"; effectively killing the momentum that was building towards a third major party in the USA for the first time in a century. So now you've got a major white nationalist movement undercurrent *and* the only parties that can get support are on the right wing of the political spectrum, and on a collision course with fascism thanks to the overton window cycle of American politics. So now we've got the later half of the 20th and of course, the 20 years of the 21st century so far: Neo-Imperialism; first in the name of "containing communism" and later in the name of "fighting terrorism". Essentially manufacturing consent to invade people for their resources and for strategic locations to counter geopolitical rivals (mostly China and Russia). So we've got a white nationalist movement, no support for even moderate policies, and now "patriotism" means being on board with bombing people for wanting to be free and independent, and disagreeing with the American status quo. Its not really *hard* to understand how we got here, just very sad.
Stole an entire continent from the plague stricken natives* I think you mean. America was not only already settled, but had more population than Europe; the lesser efficiency of their tools forced the Natives to develop more effective agriculture and engineering technologies, so the full on cities that *did* exist in America were wonders of civil engineering that were miles better than European cities; more on par with ancient Roman cities. Frequently the early European settlers would stumble upon the settlements of natives that had died years ago and use them to setup their early infrastructure. Thus, the early colonizers had the luxury of there being extensive abandoned(or dead) towns and villages all up and down the coast of America.
Yep, once I realized the synergy it was like "why would I ever upgrade to synths? when I get the best of all worlds staying on Cyborgs?". This is why I feel like synthetic ascension should get a unique civic with the machine authority that creates a type of machine empire that allows organics to be normal citizens. We'll never get that though because PDX dlc policy prevents them from making DLC for DLC, which is a *good thing* but I honestly feel this is part of the downside of the PDX DLC policy. Better ideas come along for old problems in other DLC but the nature of it prevents them from being implemented down the road.
Frankly, its worse than just *your* lifetime. Our children, grand children and great grand children probably won't see that world either. That's the price of our grand parents and parents selfishness. Four generations of humanity(all humanity, not even just one country) get to suffer because of them.
&gt; But the amount of force would be so overwhelming that it is very likely the material simply does not exist. Or more accurately *cannot* exist, at least not in our universe. There's probably some possible element somewhere in "unknown physics" that could create a molecule that could withstand the forces, but would also immediately decay if it was ever brought into existence, due to physics *really* not liking things in high energy states(particularly if they have mass).
Well that's a surprising result.
&gt; Just a little bit of shit hitting a small fan and the cops are gone. Like actually gone, multiple precincts were abandoned in the early chaos and burned down.
Its up for me. More than probably the connections that route data from the Twitch servers to your area have been disrupted somehow. This would especially make sense if you aren't from the North America/Europe or live in a rural area.
Well, to be accurate, China occupied a portion of Kashmir, which itself, was occupied by India.
and we can't even say this is a Trump era thing; this sort of shit has been happening since the Bush Administration. Our government is woefully incompetent and corrupt; with or without Trump, and that needs to be a consideration going forward.
Dead or alive; the most clear thing that's going on is that his sister seems to be laying the groundwork to seize power; and is apparently far less reasonable than him. Whether he's alive or not, its pretty clear we won't be seeing him, at least not in a leadership role, ever again.
Pretty much this; and the rest are from their backroom stocking, which can be very much fully automated. Between the management restructurings, this, self driving cars, and a lot of their backend reorganizations for stocking, pretty soon Walmart is barely going to employ more than a dozen or so people per store.
FYI, that largely is a store management specific decision. A store manager will look at their "shrinkage" from their yearly store inventory report and if they see a particularly department has high shrink i.e losses, its going to start getting a lot more anti-theft devices on products.
We can only hope to live in a world as idealistic as Cyberpunk 2077. Reality is going to be much, much worse, even with the conservative, highly likely estimates.
Literally so good at it we inspired the Nazis. I am not even joking, a lot of core Nazi policy was inspired by US politics like Jim Crow Laws.
I'll be honest here, watching the protests, reading the statistics, looking into things I've realized a few things. We really do not need police. Its not a radical idea: we do not need police. We *want* police, because it makes us feel safe, but we do not *need* police. There are three counter arguments to this statement I will now debunk: ***First: cops will protect us when we are in danger.*** No, they won't. Multiple instances in these protests demonstrate that, when shit hits the fan, the police will abandon entire neighborhoods to save themselves. Furthmore, average police response time in a *wealthy well-off neighborhood* is two minutes. Police are not going to stop you from being murdered in your own home and life isn't the movies, you'll probably be at gunpoint by the time you realize there are intruders during a robbery/home invasion. This is what 2A is meant to cover; the police are not a replacement for it because they can't be without being oppressively ever-present in our daily lives. Finally, it has been ruled in court(and demonstrated) multiple times that police absolutely can let you be assaulted, murdered or raped right in front of them, and their only obligation is to arrest the perpetrator after the fact. Police are *not* in this country, at all, legally obligated to save you while you are in danger. Police *might* do this, but a maybe with no possible legal consequence for a no isn't exactly a reassuring answer coming from people that should be trained to keep the community safe. ***Second: crime will go up without them.*** No it won't. There is at best, only marginal proof they *reduce* crime rates. They are in fact, a fair bit of proof going back [*to a 1979 study*](https://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/Digitization/58531NCJRS.pdf), observed studies at a local level during police union strikes, and onwards to minor survey studies etc that their presence either *does not affect crime* or in fact, *increases crime* because they over-police an area for petty crimes like automobile conduct infractions and other misdemeanors. ***Third: Police are essential for when things get out of hand.*** Are they though? There's a real question as to whether we need at very least, local PDs, after nearly a month of them suppressing our *constitutionally given rights* as American citizens. We've spent almost a month now watching police maim, shoot, kill, bomb, gas and beat hundreds; thousands of our fellow Americans for exercising their *right* to peacefully assemble, petition the government, and such, as well as their right to freedom to report these comings and goings(freedom of press); all caught on video with no possible alternative narrative than the raw simple fact: they do not give one iota for our "rights". From this perspective its clear that *they are what's out of hand* right now. And *very* few of these officers, despite violating *federal laws* will face any consequence at all, and the consequences they *do* face, will be at best, slaps on the wrist, or firings(only for them to end up picked up by another department elsewhere in the country, as is common). This demonstrates that, if nothing else, local PDs have got to go. We do not need them. *They need us*. Whatever we choose to replace them with, the current system is a total tear down.
&gt; do you really have the life experience to make these opinions? I have eyes, and at least two brain cells. I think that's enough to draw these conclusions. &gt; Meet a girl, have a family, First off, that's sexist because it assumes I am straight, assumes I want children, and assumes that the only way someone's life can have merit is if they've had romantic entanglements. Secondly history is *defined* by *hundreds* of great men and women that *never* had any real major romantic involvements. So even daring to suggest otherwise is incredibly ignorant of history. &gt;own a house May as well have said "buy a ticket on Elon Musk's first space tourism flight" because its just about as obtainable if you want a nice one in an urban area. &gt;travel around the country/world You're aware that not only does travel cost *thousands* of dollars, even domestically, but that very few young people can afford to do it because they are burdened with either home or student debt payments, right? Debts they will be paying well into their 40s, you know that right? &gt;Without even knowing you You're right, you don't know me, so fuck off with gas lighting gerontocratic apologetics. We have a 74 year old in the White House with the emotional and mental complexity of a toddler, and a mountain of 54+ year olds in the Congress fucking up shit for everyone sub-40s because they are being bribed with the equivalent of petty gifts by their step-dads(corporations). So I think I am sufficiently qualified to say if nothing else, that age really doesn't matter in the emotional maturity or development of people past a certain age. I've more than earned the right to an opinion, thank you very much. Now again, fuck off.
They are like that one meme where its: Step 1: Meme Plan Step 2: ???? Step 3: Profit Personified into a political belief; they have a crazy "plan" to get rich quick, and won't listen to no dem that tells them otherwise.
Its pretty simple folks: when we've tried reform, the police unions fought against it by pull every possible string they could. They threatened to stop policing. They threatened to stop cooperating with the justice department. They threatened to stop donating (as they often are major donors) to political campaigns. They've threatened democrat and republican alike. The police are a gang and negotiating with them gets us no where. We are *their* bosses and we need to start acting like it. That means when its clear the police aren't working out, we need to try something somewhat more drastic than merely police reform. Shit like this just proves it.
Oh my goodness. It just occurred to me that Mrs. Butterworth's is supposed to be a black lady.
Actually let's add a couple more pandemics to the list, because permafrost melt is going to release *a lot* of prehistoric viruses back into the biosphere. Its already happening with older but not quite ancient strains(think few hundred years old) of anthrax getting into Siberian animal herds and killing them off by the millions. Its really sad because its killing off one of Earth's coolest and unique animals that previously was doing really well: the Saiga, which looks like something straight out of Star Wars. Now imagine what happens to humans if a human communicable disease from 10,000+ years ago gets introduced into humans? Because viruses can last a very long time in the permafrost.
&gt; I find it hard to believe we could not use manufactured gasses for the steel making process in batch. To create a low radiological steel as needed. More or less yes, we could, but it would mean creating specialized steel plants that are atmosphere controlled to minimize the amount of air from the outside getting in that hasn't been scrubbed. It would basically take the complexities of steel manufacturing and add the complexities of clean rooms for electronics manufacturing, only even more expensive.
Even if the shooting was justified, the use of the taser that preempted it was not. In fact: was the stop itself even justified? Given the fact they stopped him for *30 minutes* before anything happened. Through *negligent* escalation of unnecessary force, this officer caused the death of someone that did not need to die that day. We have an hour and a half long video of the incident, from start to finish. There's no way to spin this; plain as day, while the officers *may* have been justified in shooting; they wouldn't have had to shoot Rayshard had they not unnecessarily escalated in the use of force(the use of the taser), which likely made the man(Rayshard) feel the need to fight back for his life, particularly in light of current events. This is nothing less than negligent homicide.
Yep. Not much of a surprise then.
Yeah at a certain point with Skyrim, every build becomes OP, but stealthy will always be the most OP.
They have nuclear weapons, a rapidly ascending economy, the largest population of any single country, the largest military and are presently buying allies, land and ports across the globe. No one chose the British empire; they made it themselves. Its important to understand this: China is not trying to become a hegemony of the current status quo: its making its own, and the design is god awful for everyone that isn't China. They have no intentions of giving a shit about what others want.
I would actually be violently ill if Ivanka somehow managed to win the presidency in the future. Not just because of the disgusting precedent it would set for "woman presidents" for the future, but because historically, female dictators/tyrants were *especially* brutal and ruthless. And make no mistake, Ivanka is *definitely* her father's daughter; with all that entails, in fact, she's arguably far, far more dangerous. There's a clear, deliberate way she speaks, acts and operates that shows she's very much politically minded in a way her father isn't.
That last scene with the King is the best because by the time the King realized he was being played like a fiddle, it was too late to back out of his declaration. I am honestly sad the show didn't do a better job showcasing these moments. This series could easily have been *the* political intrigue anime of the season, instead its got the fragments of that potential mixed in with the more generic fantasy isekai plotlines getting in the way. It is amusing that the classic "protagonist gets everything" moments of bad isekai is turned on its head though. Particularly when you realize that, everything Well receives comes with a price, or with strings attached. He's not getting them "for free", there's an agenda behind it. Whether its the women that follow him, the magic he learned to use, the wealth he was given, titles, land, his party in general; none of it is the traditional generic isekai reasons of "because". There's a more "grounded" approach to explanations here in this anime; and I wish this show would be more culturally relevant or popular enough for that approach to become the gold standard of isekai.
The difference is we *pay* the police*, and it costs communities in dollars *and* lives. Its still the USA you know? People don't care about people here. They care about themselves, and about money. Black or white, I've come to believe everyone in this country is all too American for their own good.
South Africa is unique in both having developed nuclear bombs independently, and, then subsequently opting to disarm. Now please don't tell me whatever horrible fact that is going to ruin this glimmer of hope that some countries might recognize the insanity of nuclear warfare entirely on their own accord.
Make your blood boil even more: the economic value of a person is at minimum, 2 million dollars. This isn't necessarily what they will earn personally, its what the average person *contributes to the economy* through labor. So those 84 people were worth at least 168,000,000 million dollars in economic gains over their lifetime; we(the people) were given 41,000 a person for a mistake that *cost the people* 168,000,000 dollars total. Also you know, they were *fucking human beings* not inventory spillage. So there's that.
&gt; , the police should have done the job they swore to do FYI, "Protect and Serve" is police propaganda, *legally* in the USA, police are not obligate to save you from harm. This has come up in *federal AND state courts* where the police let someone be assaulted right in front of them etc and every single time the court has ruled that police have no obligation to stop a crime(any) such as assault, murder or rape; only to arrest criminals once the crime is committed. They are *not* obligated to put themselves in harms way, at all. Just an FYI; not police apologia, just pointing out a misconception.
Anyone else been changing their minds on 2A as of late? I think these protests have at least shown that the "police will protect us, so we don't need guns" argument is very much debunked.
I mean we were seeing the downfall in specific populations for years, so not really under the radar, its just hard to understand the *scope* until now it seems.
Yeah not to mention it would let us do something we couldn't previously do: *Unindustrialize Earth*. Space colonization would let us move a lot of industry off planet not to mention also letting us engage new unique manufacturing techniques not possible on Earth. People are so short sighted when they say "we shouldn't go to space, stay on Earth" and are no better than the folks that deny climate change. Human behavior is frankly, never going to change; the geopolitics *alone* mean its going to be impossible to stop climate change this way, countries like China and Russia are not going to stop, period, because they have their own goals in mind that run counter to the interests of other nation. What we *can* change is where we do our manufacturing and, the technologies we have available to bring back to Earth to make our industries more environmentally friendly.
[You mean like this?](https://slate.com/culture/2012/07/abandoned-wal-mart-in-texas-becomes-an-award-winning-public-library-how-big-box-stores-are-becoming-public-spaces.html)
Because nearly a billion people live in Europe and the shootings we have in a year, the whole of Europe has in a few decades. Its the same reason USA is compared to Europe for healthcare or education. They do a lot more and a lot better for far more people collectively as a collection of nations for far less of total available funding per capita to do it than the USA does for a 1/3rd the population and just as much money. The realities of Europe prove the falsities of the USA's politics every single time.
&gt;I'm sure your walmart special is totally going to help you take down the corrupt government. We've watched South Americans, Asians, Arabs and Eastern Europeans run fairly successful insurgency campaigns for decades against the very government you're claiming we can't resist. They had far less resources. Far Less population. And were not in direct strike range of the USA's entire military infrastructure. So please stop spreading this around; a civil war in the USA isn't an "we couldn't possibly win against the government" scenario its a "the government couldn't possibly win against us" scenario. Even if just *1%* of adults in the USA decided to fight against the government, that would be enough. I don't *want it* to come to that unless it has to; but the reality is the people *would win* in a protracted guerrilla campaign, there's several decades worth of contemporary military history to prove this now.
Currently less than .5% fight for it voluntarily. In a scenario where people would have to be signing up voluntarily to fight their own sons, daughters, wives, husbands etc; I do not see that happening. I also would foresee a draft for a civil war going very poorly in this context.
[Tell that to Amazon.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/panosmourdoukoutas/2019/05/25/amazon-turns-shopping-malls-into-warehouses-changing-americas-community-landscape/#6da931fb65f4)
You're right, its mostly his class. The only color that matters in this country at the end of the day is *green*.
Give it a decade and we'll be worse than some nations that are "developing".
For those wondering why it matters(somehow). If Pence really meant that sincerely and not just as a racist dog whistle, he should have no problem instead saying this following statement. "I feel that Black lives do matter, though I personally believe all lives matter". And it be a far more diplomatic, genuine statement. But he doesn't, and he won't, because he's politically grandstanding and probably doesn't believe all lives matter either.
I don't want to be that person, but technically, *all* of American history is modern history; or rather, all of *United States*, the de facto country's history is modern history. Anyway, that said: fuck the Republican party and also fuck conservative Democrats for good measure.
Tanks can't operate effectively in urban environments, drones are only effective because they place their pilots far outside the strike range of the enemy, warships are meaningless in a domestic interior conflict, and fighter jets are meant for air superiority, but a guerrilla warfare would be inherently land-based. People that make these sort of comments *really* show their ignorance about modern military technology and its purpose. 21st century warfare is *combined arms warfare* and is inherently vulnerable to insurgency tactics, particularly within the host country for that armies supply and production capabilities.
I warn you all: Civil war is coming. I've been telling folks on here for *four years* that civil war is coming because I've seen what they've been ignoring; people on both sides are getting tired of talking. There is going to come a point in our lives where those in power, nominally Republicans, will outright *refuse* to step down. This is just a step short of that refusal. Civil war is coming. We all need to be ready for the necessity of when it comes, not *if* it comes, and this showcases why perfectly; they will not yield their power fairly and peacefully anymore. It could be this year. It could be in four years. It could be in eight. But it *is* coming, and within this decade.
No you don't understand: all religions are cults. Christianity for instance is literally a cult of personality built around Jesus Christ.
The difference between a religion and a cult is what we call them. That's it.
Yeah the thing here about the brand changes is its just whitewashing. They are trying to make history seem a bit cleaner; its to their benefit, not anyone else's. A lot of these "offensive" characters were based on *real people* that originally portrayed them in advertising unlike a lot of the white sterotype characters in branding like Betty Crocker. Removing them basically is killing some of the long standing commercial media representation Blacks have.
Sadly I think the only difference between Morales and Guillen is going to be that one of them will still have flesh on the bone when they find them. This does raise questions as to the security of the base though, given multiple soldiers have gone missing, this could also pose a serious strategic issue as far as the base is concerned.
I am blown away by this.
Don't worry, it'll get there. There's a rapidly expanding race for deep sea mining because as it turns out, *a lot* of the "rare earth" metals aren't rare on Earth at all, they are just rare in continental crust. Oceanic crust has much higher concentrations of "rare earth" materials, and is likely to be one of two places humans will be racing to exploit them. The other being a similar environment: Space. Edit1: Sources for those curious about this. [Japan discovers rare Earth metals off coastline](https://www.sciencealert.com/japan-discovered-a-rare-earth-mineral-deposit-that-can-supply-the-world-for-centuries#:~:text=Earlier%20this%20year%2C%20researchers%20found,tons%20of%20the%20valuable%20metals.) [Seabed mining coming](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-019-02242-y) [Race to seabed mining, scientists concerned](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/2018/08/news-race-to-mine-deep-sea-drones-seafloor-environmental-impact/) [USA missing out on seabed mining](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/rare-earth-elements-u-s-on-sidelines-in-race-for-metals-sitting-on-ocean-floor-60-minutes-60-minutes-2019-11-17/) ^ **News articles** v **Scientific papers** [PDF on "Rare Earth Elements and Other Critical Metals in Deep Seabed Mineral Deposits: Composition and Implications for Resource Potential"](https://www.mdpi.com/2075-163X/9/1/3/pdf) [USgov information on oceanic floor resources](https://www.usgs.gov/centers/pcmsc/science/global-ocean-mineral-resources?qt-science_center_objects=0#qt-science_center_objects)
Also to add to this further: they also fought in the Texas war for independence from Mexico, and were similarly betrayed afterwards. Thought I'd add this since the Texas independence war was essentially one of the USA's earliest proxy wars as a budding Imperialistic power.
[Japan discovers rare Earth metals off coastline](https://www.sciencealert.com/japan-discovered-a-rare-earth-mineral-deposit-that-can-supply-the-world-for-centuries#:~:text=Earlier%20this%20year%2C%20researchers%20found,tons%20of%20the%20valuable%20metals.) [Seabed mining coming](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-019-02242-y) [Race to seabed mining, scientists concerned](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/2018/08/news-race-to-mine-deep-sea-drones-seafloor-environmental-impact/) [USA missing out on seabed mining](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/rare-earth-elements-u-s-on-sidelines-in-race-for-metals-sitting-on-ocean-floor-60-minutes-60-minutes-2019-11-17/) ^ **News articles** v **Scientific papers** [PDF on "Rare Earth Elements and Other Critical Metals in Deep Seabed Mineral Deposits: Composition and Implications for Resource Potential"](https://www.mdpi.com/2075-163X/9/1/3/pdf) [USgov information on oceanic floor resources](https://www.usgs.gov/centers/pcmsc/science/global-ocean-mineral-resources?qt-science_center_objects=0#qt-science_center_objects)
Not the kind of phone you're hoping would highlight some kind of hypocrisy because you think participating in society in and of itself is hypocrisy when its ultimately the responsibility of the manufacturing companies to source their materials responsibly morally speaking but have instead pushed a consumer focused responsibility propaganda narrative for them to absolve themselves of any wrongdoing because its the "costumers fault". Oh I am sorry were you hoping my response would be "An Iphone"?
Actually not appropriate. "1984" and Orwellianism wasn't about surveillance, it was about the control of language and censorship to shape the effectiveness of counter movements to the state in society. Political discourse in the USA is pretty close to the Orwellian nightmare Orwell dreamed up in this respect.
They dictate what products win or lose in the market, we do not personally decide what goes into the products, we decide if the product is good for our needs. It cannot be left to the consumer to have to know every single detail of every single product of every single company. That would require every consumer have a literal library's worth of information to work. That is not only a ludicrous burden to place on billions of individuals, its absurdly inefficient when we can just a expect a few thousand people actually making the product design decisions to not knowingly put palm oil in their products, not source from companies that use slavery in their labor processors, or sourcing their materials from in other words, highly damaging sources. The *only* thing that is the consumers responsibility, is fighting to ensure the market is regulated so that we don't have to rely on the good will of companies to do the right thing. That's it. "Boycotting" doesn't and has *never* worked.
Neoliberal* much like Reagan actually but yes.
&gt; Because the flaw is human nature itself. Human nature used to be running around chasing animals all day, trading sex for food, and only settling down when large herds happened to be the area or to gather food in the area before moving on. Human nature has changed a lot since we were Hunter-Gathers. The problem with the industrial revolution is the same problem of the agricultural revolution tht began over 10,000 years ago. When humans made the jump from one paradigm to the other, social change simply could not keep up with technological change. Human societies only finally managed a collective cultural revolution a few hundred years ago towards democratized, more fairly distributed wealth and goods just 500 or so odd years ago, where everyone is no longer a slave or a serf; and that only really started really "finishing" just a 100 years ago and it wasn't the industrial revolution that did that; the industrial revolution alone could have stratified wealth even more towards a monarchist status quo; it was *humans changing the nature of what they were willing to accept, that did that*, the moment that democracy spread across the world, was the moment humans *finally* caught up culturally with the possibilities created by the agricultural technologies of thousands of years ago. We *cannot* afford that to be the story again with the industrial revolution and its impacts; there is very little reason other than greed why the world is organized as it stands. Human nature *can* change, and human nature *will* change.
Yes, but its not what's important; and its a terrible mistake to detract from the central message which is warnings against government psyops to control thoughts by constraining language.
&gt; Unfortunately harsh punishment being on the books doesn't deter drug use The punishment is for smugglers. This dude was killed because he smuggled a lot of drugs into China.
&gt; People shouldn't be executed for any crime, let alone a non-violent one. The death penalty is fundamentally wrong. Drug use is non-violent. Drug smuggling most certainly isn't. Inherently to start, those sort of activities tend to be fronts for terrorist groups to get funding. Then there's the very high chance of either slave labor or organized crime involved somewhere in the production chain. Then there's the horrific human cost on the end user who ultimately uses the drug. International drug smuggling is as much a non-violent crime as arms dealing.
&gt; turning away of ambulances To be fair, if you're non-emergent, that's just good financial sense in this country.
This is China. He's not coming back to Australia. He's not going to get out of prison without some sort of prisoner exchange(which isn't happening). He's as good as dead. They are either going to execute him or he's going to rot until he's dead. Frankly, not much different than if he was released back to Australia, smuggling drugs will land you hard time anywhere. His life was over the moment he was caught, no matter *who* caught him honestly.
Just a reminder that I (think) you can still get them from estates right?
What is the name of the act that broadly expanded the domestic surveillance powers of the government, created a legal designation that strips people of their rights for being branded enemies of the state and establishes a formal domestic surveillance agency with the sole purpose of finding said enemies of the state, as deemed by the state? The Patriot Act.
Yes. Unironically yes, this does actually fit. A cult doesn't need to be religious; it can be a cultural or political cult of personality.
The virus has likely spread *much* further than it appears; the virus is nominally asymptomatic, last I've checked, in what appears to be 50% of those that contract it. The problem is that its not just asymptomatic but *everyone*, regardless of symptoms, is just as infectious as far as we know. So someone that just "feels fine" or has a "minor cough" could still give someone the disease who will then go on to be in the 50% that have much more serious symptoms, and furthermore the 1% of those with serious symptoms that die. There's basically very likely to be a very large, ever expanding asymptomatic carrier population, and its probably the most insidious part of this virus; and we should feel grateful that this virus is not more deadly, because arguably that particular trait of it makes it incredibly hard to quarantine through traditional methods, which means unlike say Bubonic plague or smallpox, humans can't simply adapt society to it when it happens, its going to be a seasonal flu until a vaccine is developed. Don't get me wrong, the quarantine right now is important to prevent unnecessary deaths from hospital overflow, but this virus is for sure going to wipe out 1% of all humans there were alive as of 1/1/2020 by the time it runs its course.
Not quite. Its more like 1/100 of every person that is disposed to serious symptoms will likely end up dying from Covid-19; I am pushing 1% total because we don't yet know how long covid immunity lasts and thus, reinfection when this becomes seasonal illness starting likely next year will probably gradually increase this number to 1% total in yes, the next decade or two, at least, that's my cautious fear of the future. Its always better to assume the worse in this case, you know? The only thing that's *certain* is at least .5% of the current world population is not going to be here in a decade as a direct consequence; lethality going forward after the initial wave of infections its largely going to come down to what available treatments we have by then.
Someone forgot to pay the actors I bet.
A reminder that rubber bullets are live ammunition that can kill people. Do not make the mistake they want you to make of not thinking of this as American police firing on protesters with deadly weapons.
Also as a reminder: while they are *intended* to be shot for rebounds; this was never actually proven to be safe; ricochets of rubber bullets are still just as deadly if they hit you in the head; and will cause serious injury. Rubber bullets are really *rubber coated* bullets; which is what makes them more likely to bounce; and they use *steel* cores so that they are less likely to deform when they bounce.
Lokhir gets dirt cheap mainteance(for a dark elf unit) on all his Black Ark Corsair units FYI. So he gets really cheap tier 3 infantry that *all* Black Arks can recruit natively and can recruit Black arks as normal lords. So you can recruit a stack, split off half into a new army on a coastline somewhere in the world and have them raid away. This is what makes Lokhir so different from other dark elf lords, he can go absolutely map wide with his raiding early and much wider than other dark elf lords. And his armies are generally much stronger, a lot faster.
To be honest, I can't see why police would need bank account numbers on file at all. This is why investigations should probably be handled by a separate agency with no arrest powers. Edit1: My point is why are police agencies handling financial crimes? Why are the *folks with guns and apcs* handling *white collar* crime, which is nominally non-violent?
Few things wrong with this that suggest to me you either aren't well educated on how our country works, or you are not from the USA. First: The USA does not have a single law enforcement agency. We have several *thousand* of them; all with different standards and policies. Second; so while the policies for handling data security in one of them could be up to par, clearly in at least *200 of them* they were not, given this leak. Because that information stays in their database, it means that if it leaks, its out there, and you might never even realize its out there until your identity is stolen. So there's that. Third and finally: bringing a gun to arrest someone who is suspected of a *non-violent crime* is you know, part of the problem in this country, as its an immediate escalation for force when a fire arm enters a situation, even if its never even drawn, you are basically saying "I am ready to shoot you over any thing I deem reasonable" and you're saying that to someone that inherently committed no violence themselves. So no: police agencies *shouldn't* investigate financial crimes, and they *definitely* shouldn't be bringing guns anywhere into the situation, as its an over-escalation as is.
This is the USA, the history of our police forces are a bit different from European ones. They were originally founded as regulated militias to fight off enemies(read: Native Americans) on the frontier or private companies to suppress workers rights. There's a *very* different reason here why police exist here; and a very different history as to the role they've assumed over the decades and centuries. Our police forces and the framework they exist in are a direct remnant and continuation of the modern period of the colonial era, manifest destiny and the counter-labor rights movements pushed by "captains of industry" in the late 19th and early 20th century. Its important to understand this before you make comments about another country's police forces, its genuinely not the same.
[Come on, you can't not link it](https://youtu.be/IU2ye11FyIQ?t=437)
&gt; I had to sit for a minute like wtf did I just read Well, no less fucked up; literally step-daughter porn in the Sims 3.
Sorry, no you're the one that's confused. If step dad has a child with the mother, its a half sister to his step-daughter. If the step dad then has a child with the step-daughter, its a half sister to the other, new daughter with the mother. Also, it would mean the daughter with the step daughter would be the step daughter's step sister, daughter, and be the niece of her own step-sister who would also be her half-sister. It creates a really fucked up web of relationships even if the Step daughter and dad aren't related. Not enough branches, too many loops.
Okay. Let's try this again. When a man marries a woman. They are a husband. That woman's children become his step children. They are not related. However. When a man has a child with the mother; its the wife's daughter(Child B). When a man has a child with their step daughter(Child A); that means resulting daughter(Child C) would be by marriage to the mother also their step-sister but also their daughter, and the niece to Child B, who would be the aunt of Child A. And this is where the problem occurs: even though Man and Step-Daughter are not related, the children of Mother and Step Daughter *are* related, and in a really weird way. This creates scenario where the off-spring of Child B and a random fellow would be the great-uncles of Child C's offspring rather than their cousins but also their cousins. Does this help you understand any better why this is messed up?
Personally, my opinion is megacorps since they were added with the Megacorp DLC has become that they really are only worth it to reform into, not start as honestly. They give you a whole host of penalties at game start that don't really make sense to take on outside a challenge game scenario; and as such I think they are a better choice generally to reform into once you've actually become boxed in rather than as an intentional choice. This of course means, that you can't pick the criminal heritage civic, but that's really not much of a loss to begin with honestly.
If you were already planning a "wide-tall" build and get boxed in; or if you were planning a "wide" build and get boxed in. Any scenario where diplomacy becomes the only survival optional basically. If you were planning on going everywhere early on and ended up boxed into a tiny corner of five systems; sometimes its just easier to reform into a megacorp, armor up your chokepoints with Starbases, found a trade league and shelter in place for the first 100-200 years until you can win a war against your neighbors and start breaking out. The ability to "expand without expanding" helps in scenarios where war is impractical and building tall has limits.
I think the question of whether there are animals that are self aware is past; we know that many whales, all elephants, some great apes, and a specific species of magpie are all self aware; and its very likely that some cephalopods are also self aware, but have such an alien intelligence its impossible to test for it. There are plenty of animals we know now, are aware of whats happening to themselves, and with other individuals around them. On some level that makes me incredibly sad; because it means that, inherently, these are people in a form that isn't human, and because they don't look human, we don't treat them with even the most minimum level of care humans get. We kill them for their tusks, their meat etc and its just, awful when you think about it. I feel like a definition needs to be added to the word "cannibal" that means "the consumption of a self aware, person, regardless of species".
&gt; Father Damien Why though, out of curiosity?
Yes, and its called Florida with AC.
A lot of legacy 1.0 events need to be completely rewritten.
Read the article. They are very much still in the 19th.
Their community would become the 1.3 billion Chinese people that make up a much more lucrative market over the 900 million Westerners. Just saying; its really simple math; even if they lose the entire western market over their decisions; they'd still gain a net 400 million(and growing rapidly) potential new customers. Its all risk reward; the odds are in their favor no matter what they do, so of course they are going to opt for whatever keeps the larger market open.
They are entirely, genuinely convinced, that the danger of coronavirus is entirely a hoax cooked up to control their way of life.
Obama greatly expanded the US drone program bombing innocent people in the Middle East. What do you think? Democrats don't get a pass for their fucked up shit anymore just because they aren't outright trying to rob us or sell us to the Russians. He did *some* good, but his foreign policy is a *big* reason why we are at our current status quo with Russia.
You are aware that every terrorist group in the Middle East, *including ISIS* more or less only came to any level of power *because* of the US involvement in the Middle East; right? Its like saying "So fixing the leaking faucet we broke wasn't a good job" sure, we fixed the faucet, but it wouldn't have been broken in the first place if we hadn't been anywhere near that place. The Middle East had multiple democratic or at least westernizing countries prior to the US involvement in the region, and was well on its way to being at least as developed as eastern Europe before the USA and western powers shelled it into oblivion.
That cannot be the standard we consider a "good job". He knew the war in the Middle East was unpopular and he continued to expand our involvement despite promising otherwise.
&gt; Republicans are effectively killing thousands of Americans. Millions* By the time this is over, its very likely to be millions. Nothing Biden could do with his presidency could stop this now, by the time he'll be in office the 1st wave will be over, and the second wave will likely start during Summer of 2021. All he'll be able to do is contain that wave.
"Also Rona is a hoax to control my life"
Its a theory floating around that it was his *socialist* views not his views on race that ultimately got Martin Luther King assassinated. He was very much against capitalism, though not necessarily a communist, was certainly not a neo-liberal or a conservative like most politicians and leaders are today. A lot of people also like to conveniently ignore that portion of his message. At the end of the day, the biggest reason blacks get fucked over is never going to be the color of their skin, its because the color of their skin has inherently made it difficult to rise up in *class*. Its not to say they don't face institutional racism, its to say institutional racism has created additional challenges in the form of socioeconomic disadvantage that all poors in this country face.
We can't trust them with tasers and batons hardly. Or their own hands. Why should we trust them with this?
and charge your boyfriend with attempted murder for defending you because he thought the police were robbers.
&gt; I don't know what's going to happen, but I don't think we're ready for it. We really aren't. Liberals and "moderates" still think I am "absurd" whenever I insist a civil war or at least, a breaking of the country, is coming, and soon. They don't get it; the conservatives are *entirely serious* when they say they will fight for their vision of the future; they fucking vote, they arm themselves so they can do it too if voting doesn't work. Meanwhile we eagerly disarm ourselves and back limp-dick leaders who have no passion or energy to lead us. We are not ready for what's coming at all.
I'll let you in on a secret: We call them centrists, but the democratic party for the last few decades previously was exclusively dominated by neo-liberals, right-wing non-ideologues, and conservatives non-evangelicals. While there were other political minorities mixed in there, mostly green party, center-right independents, and some progressives; the democratic party has been "right" of the political spectrum for a long time. The reason we don't get much done is for the simple fact our leaders on the democrat side don't disagree with what Republicans are doing, they disagree with *how* they are doing it. Its a simple reminder that the *Patriot Act* was bipartisan supported; and that the establishment and conservative Democrats are happy to sell the American people down the river as long as its done the "right way".
And was born in October; so she *could* run in the 2024 election technically since she would turn 35 before the election in November of that year.
Essentially, dormice fed on honey became popular among the Roman nobility at some point as a delicacy.
Frankly: Cops should not be armed with pistols for any calls or general duties where there isn't an explicit violence already in progress. By all means, let them have shotguns in the trunk so they can defend themselves if shit actually hits the fan.... But traffic cops and patrol officers shouldn't have pistols. Period. I don't even think they should have pistols from simple "domestic disturbances" where a weapon hasn't been reported. Tasers, deescalation training and batons should be more than enough when you have two officers on a scene or more.
No on DUI; yes on BNE and shoplifting. Extreme materialism is a problem in this country, and I don't think its appropriate to care more about the things that were broken or taken than the life of a particular person, even if they did do wrong. Investigate; confirm they did the crime, confiscate stolen goods, return them; fine the perpetrator and have them go to court to defend themselves against further penalties like community service, but I don't think they should go to jail or prison over first time offenses. Non-violent petty theft and burglary without any violent crime attached inherently didn't hurt a human's person, and I don't feel property should be treated with the same diginity we ought to give to human beings.
"Light for this type of mission" And even in vanilla, UFOs I believe, have on average 4-5 pods.
Its why it will be absolute suicide of his campaign of Joe Biden puts any of the former prosecutors that are considered "likely picks" as his VP this year. You can bet that the skeletons in their closets are very real, and very directly led to destroying at least one person's life unjustly.
I know you mean this sardonically, but in all seriousness, yes they would. Capitalism is inherently exploitation for profit; and capitalists will defend whatever and however they exploit, at all costs. So you can bet if space capitalism becomes a thing, there will be hydrocarbon companies from the gas giants suing inner solar system solar energy companies for some trade practice or another. Its just the nature of the economic system, and its awful. Edit: We are literally at most, 30 years from Space Capitalism; and I swear I will tell every single person that downvotes this comment I told you so if I see a single company charging for the privilege to breathe in space from then on. Don't kid yourselves, this system would kill you for far less than you could imagine.
[Remember when Donald J Trump ended the programs meant to contain White Supremacist groups?](https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-cut-resources-fight-white-supremacy-domestic-terrorism-2019-8) Strap in folks, I don't want to think of what he'll get done in another six more months.
I just want to correct this line of thought: A second wave of infections can absolutely happen *during* the first wave. Visualize this as the first wave being the spread to individuals for the first time, and the second wave starting as immunities to the virus wear off and those that had recovered being reinfected by first wave carriers(and later second wave as the new wave pickups momentum). We don't know when a natural immunity from recovery wears out for this virus, so the assumption should be to act on the safe side and continue to practice social distancing even after you've recovered.
Its really not for *us* to decide; they also store newspaper articles and other sorts of publications. The idea is to maintain an extensive written record of British society so *future* scholars in 100-200 years later have some in-sight into the historical past(for them). Its a big deal when you consider this effectively creates a long term storage for written accounts continuously since 1911; and if all goes well, for the foreseeable future, even if new auxiliary facilities are made for expanded storage. Someone 200 years from now is going to be very thankful for this probably, since it will make it much easier to understand 20th and 21st century politics and society.
"You get to suffocate, you peasant", that's essentially your stance.
Sorry I should have clarified: "Scholars in 200 years after our technological society collapses in the wake of climate change greatly destabilizing our ability to maintain our current population levels, which exponentially will lead to failures ultimately culminating in said collapse". Its a repository for future *archaeologists* more than anything.
I *genuinely* hope there is an /s in there.
Well...not all of them. Cream of Wheat guy was a real black chef apparently that was selected as the model for their product's advertising.
This is what happens when you routinely undermine the communities trust in the system. They won't trust your narrative of events, *even if they are true*. This is *still* the city's fault, *even if* the protestors are in the wrong; both parties being in the wrong is not mutually exclusive.
"Cops shoot man, it proven later they lied about the reason" "Cops face no reprecussions" "Cops shoot another man in a different incident" "Cop face no reprecussions". *rinse repeat a five times* Congrats, you now have a Derek Chauvin, the man who killed George Floyd. Repeat this 1000 times. Repeat this for 40 years. That's how you erode trust in the system. That's what has happened here. I am not brain washed, you are simply ignorant of our country's history.
Do you...get to play as the alien invasion?
You realize that someday people will be *born* in space, and those people won't have the option of leaving right? So for them, it would legitimately be a choice between suffocating or debt; which is no choice at all.
Its been happening for... I want to say two years now? Some employers started requiring employees get micro-chipped in order to make sure they are actually working the entire time they are at work essentially. To put it another way: its literally employers trying to extract even more labor our of office employees. Edit: two years ago*, feels like a lifetime ago. Apparently a company called Biohax started the trend using their own technology for RFID into their employees and its since expanded from there. Its not quite yet a standard practice, but as the years go on you will encounter it if you move jobs enough I think as its use is definitely increasing.
Its always important to remember: Any success those in the middle and lower class finds under Capitalism is *in spite of it* not *because of it*. Capitalism merely makes a pie larger, increasing the overall prosperity of each piece, it does not increase your actual share of the pie usually.
See, that's not how this works. Right now this is an uncommon practice, but as it becomes more and more adopted, it will quickly become the standard. If all companies have it as the standard, you effectively have no choice; and in an at-will "right to work state", being forcibly micro-chipped is effectively a requirement of jobs then. Combine this with Americans allergy to labor organizing, and pretty soon well, what can do you do? At that point the only way to "tell them to fuck off" would be to emigrate to a different country with better labor laws.
That's another part of the problem: We don't know the scope of the problem. We know its happening, that its growing; but the lack of regulation means inherently there's no "reporting system" for employees to find out before hand their employer requires RFID chips. Its not a US only problem though, its happening globally, and in everything from law to financial firms; essentially right now the primary trend is in office work, though it will probably seep into all industries eventually. We know *some* UK firms are using it; that BioHax started the trend, that Three Market Square was the company that triggered Wisconsin to regulate the technology, but the problem is we just don't know how many companies are taking on the technology, its just *definitely* increasing.
&gt; D'you think I can claim refugee status of Trump gets elected again? No, for one thing, this brings me back to why Europeans aren't going to accept very many American immigration requests. Most European countries don't want uneducated(read: no post primary degrees) immigrants which FYI, most Americans would fall into this category and they are already inundated from the Middle Eastern refugee crisis. Europe is not going to want to be America's lifeboat too; and I guarantee you if we reelect Trump, that's going to be rhetoric spun over there in many of the EU's countries. Frankly like I said, if you wanted to leave, you should have done it when Trump was elected because barring the EU recognizing a humanitarian crisis in the USA, no one is going to accept refugee status from Americans. Right now the USA is still recognized as a "safe" country in a legal sense, and until that changes, no country is going to take us.
You know, I actually believe this. It sounds believable almost. Please tell me this isn't real?
No I get that, but if the Welsh Independence Party was smart they would use the loss of 70% of Wale's export market as justification for succession and joining with the EU. Another theory is that without England in the mix, I think Scotland; both Irelands, and Wales could form a sort of "Albion Federation" type of deal where they are politically cooperative within the EU.
FYI, the sugar in the soda is actually far more addictive than the caffeine. You're more likely to end up with a sugar addiction(Like seriously, its crazy) then caffeine addiction(which would requiring consuming 450mg+ of caffeine every day to have any chance of forming, which is about two cups of coffee a day). We like to think of these "jokes" but sugar and caffeine addiction are both very real.
Because presumably the chips are cheaper, that's basically it.
USSR may have collapsed, but the Soviets got the last laugh huh?
Rather than making generalizing states like "I am European"which inherently makes it difficult to effectively rebuttal this, perhaps it be best to pony up which European country, as I can't really offer a robust counter response without knowing that.
Ottomans are pretty much the most stable empire on the map. You've got a better chance of seeing a Mingplosion at this point than seeing the Ottomans fail to dominate North Africa, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. I remember having conquered half of the world in a very successful Timurids==&gt;Mughals game and greatly containing the Ottomans entirely to what you might consider the "modern borders of Turkey" and they *still* had just as many troops as me despite me holding on to 5-6x more dev. Once they make it to the late game, there's pretty much no stopping them as they are one of a few AI that are basically guaranteed to grab quantity ideas and also have their own national ideas that give even more troops.
See, I'll make it more honest then: A significant portion of your population are racists assholes who were fully willing to go along with the tendencies of the worst leaders of your society; and far larger portion of your population are demure and docile sheep who despite not wanting to go along with the plan, did not do nearly enough to demonstrate this. Your country did not riot in the streets as you left the EU. At least Americans have nation wide riots when the system fails us; your country couldn't even be bothered to do that. So sit down with your British(made in china) tea and enjoy the your rotten caesar salad.
I'd rather we not do that honestly, for practical reasons: at a certain point, a school building has to be demolished and replaced to continue servicing a community. It be better to build a statue attached to the property and not worsen the already difficult time cities have in the USA keeping up with education services on increasingly strained budgets.
Here's hoping when it gets him it takes Mike Pence with him otherwise we'll have an actually competent Neo-conservative fascist in the whitehouse.
A stick insect lives for about a year. They were on the ball pyramid alone for *at least* 80 years. There's no reason to think they got there naturally; but even if they did, its impressive nothing went wrong with this very small population in that nearly century worth of time.
Look how compact this thing is: its amazing.
It seems like, the closer we look at this disease, the more horrific it actually is in reality. This discovery definitely helps explains why being overweight seems to be a co-morbidity cause though; given it goes after internal organs like the heart, kidney and liver. Really it explains why having anything less than a fully healthy body seems to be a co-morbidity in general with this disease.
I mean, the best(worst) thing I can offer is this discovery could help start to explain why Covid-19 seems to have so many co-morbidity associations like being overweight etc. If it goes *everywhere* in the body, that means it can cause *everything* to break in its own way, which in an already unhealthy body is no good.
Speak plainly, it helps add to the conversation better, repeating facts plainly is necessary, for those that do not already know them. Truth is not universal or common.
Looking at the comments, I can see some of our out-of-USA redditors are just first discovering the USA has a serious problem with its child marriage laws. As in, children can be married to adults in most of this country, and yes, in most states, this does grant protection for the adult against statutory rape. I don't think very many out-of-USA redditors understand just how backwards this country actually is really. People come *here* from places like Europe to marry their children to pedos.
&gt;Can you pee in RDR2 ? [Yes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uv7ZZCqKA5A) &gt;Can you take a shit in RDR2 ? [You can't but your horse can.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oN4yQ_VmDc)
&gt; a win for your mouth and stomach. Its still a Little Caesar's Pizza dude.
Gun control I've come to believe, is bullshit. Gun control makes it harder for people to commit widespread violence but it doesn't actually address *why* they are committing widespread violence. If there's one conservative narrative I am on board with, its Democrats really are pricks when it comes to gun control. It doesn't at all address *any* of the civil unrest that's actually causing the violence, it just makes it less shocking so its easier to sweep under a rug.
A lot of folks are finally starting to get it I think: The police aren't there to protect *you* they are there to protect *property*, any lives they save are ultimately secondary to this goal. That means the police aren't going to be able to(or might refuse to) save you in an actually dangerous situation like a home invasion, hostage situation etc. You're responsible in those scenarios for your own safety. Also some might be finally coming around to the idea that we really do need guns to at least keep our government honest.
Our president is a traitor to the nation. We must not recognize an election result that puts him in power again. This is just explicit treason; he cannot be allowed to resume power in 2021. He has killed *tens of thousands* of Americans, compromised the security of our nation internally, weakened our global position against foreign enemies, tanked our economy and now explicitly betrayed our military for whatever petty association he seems to have with Russia's leader, whom is explicitly hostile to the USA and played a direct role in his election through foreign election interference. Just *one* of his crimes should have been enough for impeachment such as his clear conflicts of interests under the emoluments clause yet even still, he has blatantly committed acts of treason multiple times, this is merely the most explicit and shocking. Anyone that knows this, and *still* would vote Trump, is a traitor to the nation, just as he is, and should not be seen as an American, but as an enemy to our future, and the future of our descendants.
&gt;humanitarian concern here is huge Multiple humanitarian crisis have been unfolding for *decades* in the USA; the virus didn't *cause* most of our problems, it exacerbated existing issues to a breaking point. Our society was sick long before this virus came around. People only care now because the virus has left us with a lot of time on our hands to really think about how shitty our country really is compared to elsewhere on the planet.
No, I understood the sarcasm, but we need to stop being sarcastic about this and take it seriously, we need to switch into a mode where we get *angry* not *despair*. Outrage must be stated, and plainl; we have a right to be angry.
A focus on the wrong issues and a failure to recognize class as the primary unifier in many of the unfolding crisis in America? I know exactly what your referencing, and I feel for the protesters, and support their basic message, but the problem isn't the police alone, its that we keep funding the police more and more rather than putting than funding towards addresses the actual issues we now expect the police to service. This housing crisis, the police, all the jobs being lost; its all endemic of a class war against poor and middle class Americans by the rich to undermine our ability to participate in a free, safe democratic society; and of leadership that would rather chose expedient solutions than actually solve real problems. Plain and simple.
Acknowledging the problems existed before doesn't absolve him in his role of making them worse; its acknowledging that its not specifically Trump that caused the problems in the first place. Millions of people were evicted over the course of Obama's presidency, and about as many were evicted under Bush, and a similar rate so far under Trump in previous years. This was already a major crisis *before* the pandemic, and that's what we need to acknowledge; if we let the narrative become "Trump caused this" it ignores the fact the problem existed before him, and was inadequately unaddressed by politicians on *both* sides of the political aisle. Trump is making a really bad problem *so much worse*, that's the narrative that needs to be: Trump is making a problem we already had worse.
&gt; but let's not direct this anger at landlords (often small-time mom/pop types) who are facing bankruptcy due to lack of rent payments. A land lord that faces bankruptcy can sell their assets off and still have a home when this is all over. The cost burden to them is far lower than to the people who are going to lose their place to live and probably their job(if they haven't already); and remember, a lot of these folks have kids that will become homeless with them; and probably end up in our really fucked up "child services" system, where statistically they will be abused. This isn't just renters either, its also people with *mortgages* FYI. So am I supposed to feel sorry for the banks too? Honestly *particularly* mortgages should be frozen right now, since banks certainly could afford to take the hit.
Look, how about I just say it: Few(Landlords) versus Many(Tenants). I care far more about the *latter* over the the *former*. Society needs to be helping the most amount of people possible; and sometimes that means screwing over the least amount of people possible. Real estate is an inherently risky business venture, if they failed to prepare to survive a year long rental income shortfall, that was *their* bad decision. Plain and simple; that's just good business sense. Millions should not have to suffer because *thousands* didn't make good choices.
American here! Yes.
[You just don't like being wrong, here's the Social Services agency website](https://www.ssa.gov/agency/emergency/) Quote: "All local Social Security offices will be closed to the public for in-person service starting Tuesday, March 17, 2020" They've been closed indefinitely in most places for three months now. I am willing to bet they won't be reopened in most places for several more months from now, probably conveniently after the election if I wanted to put real money on it. Your resources don't work right now dude, in *normal* circumstances yes, they absolutely would help homeless people, but right now a lot of what's been deemed "non-essential locations" in a lot of government agencies have been closed down.
People often chose to rent for convenience reasons, but honestly this is the least socially mobile country in the developed world, stability is far more important than residential mobility in this society as a result. So I definitely agree with this sentiment personally; with ownership you've got options. When you own a home, you can sublet rooms for rental income, and you still *own* a house plus there's of course, the ability to grow your own food, collect rainwater, heat your own water with solar power, and invest in clean energy for off-grid self sufficiency. In the long the term, the best investment you can make is an inexpensive house, even if it increases you commute by 30+ minutes. The cost in gas will easily be offset by the cost savings from being free of rental, and possibly power, water, heating etc and reduced grocery bills by just making a self-sufficient homestead.
&gt; I wish we could restrict travel between states. FYI, state governments have the power to restrict "interstate commerce"i.e the movement of goods and people; under extreme emergencies.
I think this perfectly encapsulates what I keep trying to explain to European redditors. The USA is not really a unified country in a traditional sense. We are functionally a confederated union of states unified by a federal republic; and in times like these it really shows.
A reminder that rodents are not closely related to humans, I don't want to take away your happiness, but please be cautiously optimistic, not all things that work in rodents work on primates like Humans.
Automatic and permanent voter registration and the right to vote when you turn *16*. If you can work and pay taxes, you should have the right vote; and unless they can prove you're dead, you can't lose the right to vote.
Life is not a disney movie. Large animals, even ones that aren't carnivores(actually *especially* ones that aren't carnivores) will kill you. A carnivore will have detected you from half a mile and steered *far away from you*; if you see a carnivore, its *specifically there to fuck with you*, almost all animal populations that have spent a long time around humans know to avoid the fuck out of us unless they are desperate. A herbivore like an elk or bison will fuck your shit up if you get too close to it; they will defend themselves against predators(which I will remind you, humans are built like predators, with forward facing eyes and large canines).
But we won't because people still think this problem will go away with voting. No one gets that we exited the era of "civil reform" a decade ago with the Citizens United decision. There should have been mass riots in the street for months over it...but instead? Not nearly enough. American's are allergic to organizing; they don't know how to lead and they don't know how to follow; frankly, I have no hope for this country, and while I'll keep trying to make it work I don't think it will.
I am aware the opinion was ruling against Citizens United would have placed unions are a similar disadvantage, if that's what you are implying. I gave you a resource in good faith because I thought you were genuinely asking, not being a know it all dickwad. The point was not the opinions in the specific ruling, but the mere fact of the case itself would have fucked the American people as a whole no matter *what* ruling was made.
