&gt; Trump is a micro-manager. His hands are on everything. Small hands. Smell of cabbage?
&gt; The preponderance of evidence is overwhelming. So karma court now only requires 50+% confidence? ... That's like a tort case or something. Which actually kind of makes some degree of sense. Carry on.
Tres bien!
I'm in the US. Driving a manual is essentially getting a car anti-theft device for free.
"Now is not a time."
No worries! I was confused but I chalked it down to my usual confused status!
"B-b-beg pardon?"
That's odd, I guess they ran out of the printed cardboard screen and didn't re-order. I have the printed cardboard screens for 4th ed and also the Horror screen from 3rd ed. On the whole I think the move to PDF has been a good thing (easier storage, easier searching, easier copypasting from sources to my own campaign planner). But once in a while I miss the hard copy version, and this goes especially for maps and floorplans.
What is the screaming character to the right?
You leave Jar Jar out of this, you hear?
At least half of us are below average intelligence!
Turtles have been around since the time of the dinosaurs, I read.
I heard that there used to be a much higher ratio of oxygen in the air, so insects could grow much larger while still intaking oxygen direct through their skin. Once atmospheric oxygen levels fell, this was no longer tenable.
A lot of these discoveries are also made from necessity. Imagine you're starving, and your kids are starving too. At some point the calculus tips over from "this is too risky to try" into "I will assuredly starve if I don't". There are pretty compelling evolutionary reasons not to be too daring with your food sources (illness, poisoning, etc), but there are also compelling evolutionary reasons to drop your inhibitions when times get scarce.
A few months ago this gif was posted elsewhere, maybe instantkarma or somewhere. A lot of the comments seemed to focus on his reaction and how it was apparently a textbook case of sociopathy. Like he's just going through the motions of an emotional response but not really feeling it himself.
It's late - so let this fire take our bodies this night So late - let the waters take our guilt in the tide. "It's Late" by Queen. The writer was leaving an unhappy marriage for somebody who made him happier, even though the choice was harrowing for him emotionally.
Was that related to the condition that Dede the Tree Man of Indonesia had? Some HPV that ran out of control, causing bark like growths all over his body?
、或 ，
Some of them claim to be in the business of rebirth, too. Ironically enough. Physician heal thyself, etc.
Nazism big in Mongolia? That's a new one on me. I find out more. Edit: so apparently it's a growing movement in Mongolia, especially due to anti Chinese sentiment. Currently the numbers for the main group are estimated between a few hundred to 3,000. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsagaan_Khas
/r/gonecivil
Apparently that shipwreck has been the sole source of metal for the Sentinelese.
Edit: previously this was a mention of the etymology of dork referring to a whale penis, but apparently that has since been debunked. It just means penis of a more general or garden variety.
&gt;I would just curl up in the fecal position This made me giggle
Fallout 2's manual had wasteland recipes in the back. I think there was a recipe for a giant omelet, and another one for lamb kebabs. I did eventually try the lamb recipe and it was very good.
It was new to me, thank you for posting.
It's okay, Who Wants To Be A Millionaire didn't air until nearly a decade after Freddie died, so anachronisms are hardly fatal to the meme.
The weird thing is, he was taller than Bond in the movies.
I have heard that less-lethal ammunition is sometimes fired at an angle into the ground, as the first impact absorbs a lot of the kinetic energy. This used to be a method for shooting into crowds with shotgun pellets. Hardly "nonlethal" but somewhat better than getting hit directly with pellets straight from the barrel. Of course, whenever you're pointing a propellant weapon at some human, you're basically taking a risk that your ammunition isn't going to carry lethal physics, and moreover that your target isn't going to be hit in a vulnerable area. Otherwise, it's basically use of potentially deadly force regardless.
&gt;Their first choice was poor communication and 500 monopoly money. "We don't plan to do anything about it." That was such a shitty "go fuck yourself, I don't care" response from their customer service. It makes me wonder if the writer of that email was some harried QC person who was already at the end of his rope regarding the product complaints, and who had asked his supervisor what they going to do about it. And the supervisor said nothing, and the drone just gave up and wrote that verbatim, not caring if he kept his job or not.
Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides. The main narrator is an intersex individual. Also, ~~The Crow Road~~ The Wasp Factory by Iain Banks. The main narrator's gender identity was thrown into uncertainty by a childhood accident. The works of Greg Egan sometimes feature gender fluid characters. In Distress, the character Akili apparently has no gender. In Schild's Ladder, apparently people have genders still, but their genital configurations are changeable and match up pheromonally with a single nearby individual. In the Earth's Children series by Jean M. Auel, the third book The Mammoth Hunters has a shaman, ~~Sharamudoi~~ Shamud, who is of unclear gender. The fourth book, The Plains of Passage, feature a chieftain's child Omel whose gender is also unclear.
This is me. I don't want kids and I've had the operation to ensure I won't. But props to those who do want kids and who take the time and trouble and sacrifice to be good parents. They produce the next generation of good citizens. I respect their choice and their efforts. Sometimes I get negative experiences with parents who don't accept or understand my decision not to have kids. But those are few and far between.
I'm the older sibling, so I told the lies and my brother believed them. I once told him I found lightsabers in the forest but I left them behind. He was so excited and went back to go search a lot.
14% is close to one seventh. I'm not entirely sure how many people 1/7 of my ancestors would be. I have 4 grandparents and 8 great grandparents...
At age 10? Probably not. I was still living with my parents and my control over my life would be pretty minimal, even if I did "know what to do". At age 13 and onward, maybe. I'd left home by that age and I was a strong student. I didn't do as much sports as I could have, and I didn't do any dating at all until I reached college (and then I dated one woman only). Maybe if I did it all over again I would have done things differently - but there's still no guarantee it would have turned out better. I don't have any current knowledge of stocks or gambling, so there's no real "secret info" to take back. At age 10 I would have been in the early nineties - no internet, no instant answers to lingering questions, no connectivity for information, and no agency because I'm a kid. I'm not sure I want to go through all that again.
Russia is also profiting tangentially from the growing trade problems between China and the US. China was using its surplus to fund a Belt and Road initiative that would have pulled many Central Asian countries into its trade orbit and away from the Russian frontier. This sort of interference came from a nation that has a smaller GDP than Italy. "I'm going to tank the trade relations between the two largest economies in the world so that it will slow the deterioration of my own crumbling economy." Sad. Low energy.
There's something really unreal about March of the Black Queen, Prophet's Song, Bohemian Rhapsody, and Millionaire Waltz. All epic bombastic magnificent tracks.
She looksa bit like Overly Attached Girlfriend.
The ones discovered in China, with half Chinese half Latin names, really confuse me.
I think you're right. Some swift species also stay aloft for entire months, as I understand, and landing may be incidental anyway.
This, how you say, unit? Would you say it was a relative unit, or was it an absolute unit?
You are clearly rushing headlong into a situation under pressure where you're liable to go slightly mad unless you make a breakthru.
Mental calculations commence... So you might be around your early twenties now? Crikey, it doesn't feel like a decade since they are big. Where does the time go?
Eddie: "Oui je voudrais une chambre pour la nuit. Avec une salle de bain s'il vous plaît. Et avec douche..." (makes wiggly fingers motion for illustrative purposes) "...spider in the corner..."
There's a growing theory that Putin is trying to undermine China, or at least limit its rise. The Trump admin's oddly principled opposition to trade with China does weaken China's One Belt One Road initiative, which otherwise might erode Russian influence in Central Asia.
Anthony Daniels pronounced it "Chim-oora" in his 90s audio books.
Whining about reposts is the most commonly posted type of comment according to reddit FAQs. If you're on reddit so much that you're complaining about seeing content repeated, you really should have gotten a passing familiarity with basic reddit practice. So, yes, the /s helps. At least it helps in letting people know you're being sarcastic, I mean. It's not likely to help with the quality of your comment, which may be beyond redemption.
Jean Craighead George - My Side of the Mountain. This is a wilderness tale about a boy who leaves the city to live in the mountains and forests, and his adventures. I read it when I was in elementary school and it really kindled my love of reading for my whole life.
Let's not forget that bin Laden was trained and financed by Saudi Arabia, not Afghanistan.
That term is now more commonly used as a lighthearted greeting in the gay scene in China.
A Bit of Fry and Laurie, must have been around the early 1990s. I remember in the 1990s and early 2000s, all I heard about and saw was Stephen Fry. His novels were doing so well and he was in film after film (the movie with him and Jude Law about Oscar Wilde was phenomenal). Then in the mid-2000s suddenly Hugh Laurie hit it big with House and Fry sort of faded from my radar. (Although it probably didn't help that I moved to the U.S.)
That blew my mind. I think the entire island has 400k people, and around 150k live in Reykjavik, which is really not a very large city.
Plus light level - they're outdoors on a sunny bright day too.
If there's one thing that the arrest of the Huawei senior figure has shown, it's that Canada absolutely will arrest and extradite US wanted persons. Things are looking good.
It's actually pretty close! "Wreck a Vick" is probably as close as I can make it. If you visit, they will teach you how to pronounce Eyjafjallajokull as well.
There's a mod that allows you to travel between the Capital and Mojave wastelands. It's fantastic.
My favorite "male fantasy" meme showed a screenshot of zero debt.
You're a bit of a dick, honestly.
I think this scene cuts between two clearly different settings: a desert road with occasional cliffs, and a shady palm leaf avenue. I didn't even notice until maybe the third time watching the movie.
Not as much as in Hong Kong, Macau was Portuguese so all business will generally be bilingual between Chinese (specifically Cantonese) and Portuguese.
That likely explains it, thanks!
Honestly that's probably the genuine mindset of the club management. "Don't do stupid stuff here, but if you do, don't get caught."
When they were deciding on a name for the nation, they drew letters out of a bag. "C." "Eh?" "N." "Eh?" "D." "Eh?" "C-A-N-A-D-A!"
Mickey as Salacious Crumb would be funny.
He beat up the Jonas brothers!
The single greatest song ever written about time dilation's tragic effects on familial relationships and chronological paradoxes! Brian even said he wanted to make an album about paradoxes, but the other hand members told him he was being a pretentious fart. And he was sad :(
There was a rebel movement in Burma which was led by two twins, who were around 12 years old during the time of the armed fighting. The name of the group was quasi religious - something like the Army of the Lord - and the comedy movie Tropic Thunder makes reference to it. The rebel movement never came close to toppling the Burmese government, but may have administered a rump state of rebel held territory during their military drive.
Let's not forget Number One Isaac Newton Impressionist... Yeah. Dude gets a free pass. For sheer awesomeness.
All good men hir what he says
So if this goes down after January next year and the POTUS and VP are both eliminated from leadership posts, would we get President Pelosi? I can smell the GOP sweat from here. Sweet mix of paranoia and schizophrenia.
I occasionally see people posting comments or posts about slang terms they don't like. I realize that I don't know any slang terms that I don't like. Maybe it's because I'm so unhip it's a wonder my bum doesn't fall off.
Is this Troilus and Cressida?
Car insurance that covered my own vehicle, not just other party in an accident. I was about to cancel and go to other-party insurance as it was a bit cheaper, but thought the roads are still wintry. A week later I was in a car crash and because I was turning left at the time when an oncoming car plowed into my passenger side, I was apparently technically at fault. My insurance covered the cost of a replacement car based on the market price of my destroyed car.
Oh okay, good to know. I've never traveled to Brazil, but I hope to go someday. I have heard that it is one of the most racially diverse places on the planet.
I wasn't! 😝
If Pence bows out, and if it happens next year, then could we get a President Pelosi? 🤔
She can kill with a smile, she can wound with her eyes...
One interesting aspect is that usually women don't have as much upper body strength as men do, so a fight with thrown punches could go on for much longer, resulting in more sustained head and hand trauma to both parties - at least compared to a fight where the first few punches end the fight with one person out entirely.
He also normalized relations with China. To the point that nowadays our main complaint is that they're trading with us unfairly. This, from a country under Mao that had developed nuclear weapons and then seriously considered a brinksmanship game theory of "last man standing" to oppose American influence.
When a baby girl is born, she already has every egg cell that she will ever produce already present in her ovaries. It makes me suspect that certain aspects of health, such as height and frame size, might not depend on your mother's health while you were gestating, but also on your grandmother's health while your mother was gestating.
A wunch of bankers
They *actually found a set of separated twins where they grew up and happened to install a circular bench surrounding a tree in their respective lawns.
Love Actually!
Make it "So Here It Is Merry Christmas" by Slade on infinite repeat with no other songs.
IT'S CHRIIISTMASSSS
A boad of lollocks.
I respected TLJ for trying something quite different, although I definitely understand if it's not everybody's cup of tea. (I personally found the porgs uninteresting, the casino scene boring, and the hyperspace kamikaze gambit to be offensively inconsistent with everything else in the prior universe). TFA was basically watching ANH all over again, albeit with admittedly more inclusive minority, gender, and age demographics for its characters. Neither one impressed me as much as the ethical shades-of-grey skillful storyline of the Thrawn novels or the TIE Fighter games.
I went out to dinner with the boss on Monday night. We drank a large quantity of very good tequila. I uber'd home. I went to sleep at around 1:30 and woke at 7:30 to go to work. I'm in my thirties. This was not as smooth as I remember it being in my twenties. Nosiree.
Mon Calamari Cruiser down!
Wait, they ended the Ceefax service? :(
Then he'll follow up with a salacious tale of corruption from earlier generations to make himself look better. *Schemes Of My Father*
This was what had happened with Ellen Pao when she was CEO of reddit. So much hate and rage against her, even though most of the actions she was accused of was done by others, and in some cases, by the owners of reddit over whom she has no control. I think she even posted a brief comment calling out an owner for his incendiary comments which he then quietly allowed Ellen to take the flak for. It got gilded a few times.
These are like a retarded Transformers couple.
Sorry, I forgot which subreddit I was in. :( I went back and changed it to something more quirky and cute.
I never realized it was a dance in the first place
I think you should be a bit more Panoramix in your view!
There's a hidden block near the ledge which, when punched from below, will sprout a vine that grows up rapidly and is climbable.
TIE Fighter, for me. I'd dream in missions.
Username didn't quite check out...
I used to do this, then my brother got a load of impacted wax removed from his ear, caused in part by using Q-tips. I got a curette instead, which is like a scoop. It's better at actually removing earwax, instead of just brushing it further in and removing a tiny bit that happens to stick to the cotton, like with Q-tips. Oftentimes I'm just using it to massage the inside of my ear canal though.
And the first ten or so years trying to get their immune systems updated in a hurry, to cope with all the genetic malware that's been introduced in the past dozen thousand years. Anti vax kids don't have this problem...
WSJ had an article about a decade back showing that peak happiness occurred at an income level of around 70k, and higher compensation resulted in diminishing returns. It also concluded that money *spent on experiences was better spent than on goods, once a certain level of material comfort was achieved.
Damn, that looks satisfying.
Straight women usually aren't interested in my volvo
Not me, but my teacher in high school. He lived and worked in England but had a getaway in France. He and his family went to a nice seaside restaurant in the Mediterranean and they ordered lunch. A storm broke out overhead but it was quickly over. Then the kitchen staff came out and apologized but their chef had been hit by lightning.
Yes! I might even say that Rogue One may be my 3rd or 4th favorite film of the bunch. Empire and Hope would be tops, and Rogue and Return might be the second tier. Solo was great, too. As far as the Prequels, I didn't enjoy them. The sequels are okay but not very memorable.
What span of years did this happen in? I finished college in 2001 and I never knew of this practice until I got on reddit.
I used to assemble ARSE bombs. They were awesome.
It's a good reboot of ANH, no doubt. The inclusion of characters of different ethnic and age backgrounds was great. But the story was basically for those who grew up with Hope and wanted to take their kids to see a reboot. For me, who had grown up with the Thrawn trilogy as the superb follow on from Return, it felt like a missed opportunity.
Oddly enough, my highest upvoted comment also has to do with Star Wars. Apparently it became a very brief copypasta for a while. It was me ranting about TIE Defenders and how the Avenger was a better model.
Same here! We had Macs and later on those colorful portable desktops to use. Although our IT teacher was a bit skeptical. "They've removed the floppy disk drive" he said dubiously. Ah how technology marches on.
I can only imagine the number of bingos that a woman from India must have gotten... Props to her for a catchy riposte!
Dumpy Jumpy Brothers Plumby
Right, I got that snippet. But I'm still wondering - why Fortnite? Presumably because it made more money, I guess.
That's almost as bad as giving you my PIN number. RIP in peace
I was a U.S. citizen studying college in the UK and my tuition was GBP 6,100 per semester (of which the Brits have three per year rather than America's two). So that's GBP 18,300 per year, for three years, making it GBP 54,900 for the whole degree for a foreigner. At the time, GBP 1.00 was around USD 1.66, so that would be a shade above US$75K. Several of my UK citizen classmates could take out interest free student loans, so they would do so and then immediately put it into a high yield savings account for three years, then repay it and keep the interest.
Brize Norton AFB had excellent food.
Wait what did I miss?
Bright eyes...burning like fire...
For the unenlightened: what's a slime ball?
My mom was *deadly at that game, she got up to level 33 or something ridiculous. Where the ducks are going really really fast and you cannot miss once. I want to let her loose on Wii Sports, with the clay pigeons shooting game using the Wiimote.
&gt;that’s why the front fell off. I just want you to be very clear that this is not typical. A wave hit it. &gt; the plane has been reinforced Well cardboard's out for starters.
&gt; does he go down swinging? I had to read this metaphor twice before I got the right image. Boxing. It's a boxing analogy. Not... the other type that I was thinking of. Morbidly intriguing though it may be.
Well, at least you've found a way to make yourself look smugly superior, and that's the really important thing here.
Right, this is key. The same sort of mindset that causes a layman to say "I don't need to rely on a doctor to diagnose my health, I have my own uneducated opinion!"
Initially I was thinking "oh, that slope is probably not as steep as the angle makes it look". Then the camera pans out over the void and the verdant precipice and suddenly I'm like "never mind, certified nutcase"
My parents did not vote last election. I believe that had they voted, they would have done so in a swing state. (They normally live overseas.) Because they live outside of the U.S. they have a sort of sadistic popcorn-and-soda voyeuristic delight in watching federal politics. I keep trying to persuade them that this shit hurts them too, yes, even if they live in China. (In fact given the trade war, possibly even moreso.)
It's a good start
&gt; many locals are short and have small hands "Smell of cabbage."
Austin Powers, baby! "What's the other thing that scares you?" "Carnies, circus folk. Smell of cabbage. Small hands."
&gt;It’s a fucking palm tree attached to a lamppost you knob. Those utter bellends
Finally, we need somebody to flesh out the barebones rules regarding Erotic Art. Edit: for realistic consequences of physical romantic encounters, at least in terms of subsequent positive reactions between the people involved, the official GURPS book Chinese Elemental Magic has some good rules.
With added William Shatner!
I dunno about you but my colon only fits one bottle of voddie :(
The Chinese would be familiar with Huaxia, not OSHA
She looks a little like one of the players in my RPG group. She played a gypsy assassin, who also loved dogs. Coincidence??? ...yeah, probably. But nice nonetheless.
You leave textiles and apparel out of this.
I committed Facebook suicide in summer 2010 when there was a trend of people leaving. I'm glad I'm not on it anymore given the various reports of privacy concerns since. But I'm still very much a Google user, and from what I can tell, that company has also degraded its privacy protections a lot over the past few years.
I have this shirt and enjoy wearing it. My only issue is that I feel like I'd like it more, if Palpatine were at the top. But it's a small issue.
Genuinely curious: Where are you seeing Tik Tok? I only see the 抖音 logo in the lower right corner.
Why you little...! :shakes fist like old man: In all seriousness, my username comes from the expression "does my head in", which was common at my school in Midlands England. We were often fairly confused by our classes.
Indiana Jones confused me. If there was no "J" in Latin, then I never understood why the ancient puzzle had a flagstone for it. Maybe a 12th century Knight Templar troll at work!
He mentioned a bong, so I think we can guess what he'd like in his cookies...
I heard that JRPGs are you discovering the hero's storyline as written by the developers, and western RPGs are more like the developers giving you the space to work out the secondary details of your hero's storyline.
Utter. Legend.
Conversely, the Chinese government tracks religion and has the default assumption that a given citizen is atheist.
Probably not a native English speaker. Definitely made me click on the gif though, so good job I guess
I'm a bad offender that way too. So many should-play games on my shelf...
And nobody played the synthesizer... ever more...
When he was five, there was still an Emperor of China.
Genuine answer: China had a one child policy for several decades. By 2010 they had allowed couples where both adults were single children (ie had no siblings) to have two kids. In 2014 they changed it so any couple where at least one of the adults was a single child, could now have two children. In 2016 they changed it so every couple could have two kids regardless. So the "old child policy" (as in "old policy regarding children") has indeed changed through recent years. Note that certain ethnic minorities have had much more relaxed family limit policies - typically up to five children.
I think I prefer this to the portrayal of Freddie in Big Mouth. The Cockney accent they gave him was very jarring and weird. "Bein' gaze briwwiant!" No, Freddie spoke with a plummy RP accent, as is very common for Britons educated outside of Europe.
Preach. The 1989 public unrest (famously documented in Tiananmen Square in Beijing, but in reality it spread to many major cities) was actually started over the rising price of pork - the primary meat eaten by Chinese. It didn't become a commentary on the Chinese political system until the public felt that the government was unable or unwilling to solve their problem. And the demonstrations got so big, the Beijing military began to change sides and begin marching with the demonstrators. In the end, when the military crackdown finally happened, it was rural province military divisions that the central gov't summoned to open fire, knowing that they were less likely to have qualms about firing on urban fellow countrymen. To this day, the Chinese government directly maintains a significant agricultural stockpile of live swine stock, and processed pork, so they can prop up the market if food prices rise quickly. They've learned their lesson - that mankind is only two missed meals away from anarchy.
"Maybe money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you freedom from unhappiness. Even if temporarily."
In his defense, I do dig these nice comfy boots though.
&gt;Yeah, I’d rather he tweet from prison, anyways. Only if he promises to keep it authentic.
/r/rimjobsteve
That's not a bad thing either. Sure, ragecomics are a bit dated, but they're still fun for nostalgia's sake. People who cringe at ragecomics (or any trend) today, probably took them a bit too seriously in the past.
It's a cartoon series on Netflix about adolescent kids becoming pubescent. In one memorable scene, a kid thinks he might be gay and he's worried about it. The ghosts of Freddie Mercury, Socrates, and former Associate Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia team up to reassure him that it's okay to be gay. They sing a song that's actually a pretty decent pastiche of Queen's choral works.
South Korea, Japan, and other then-developing nations also enforced strong-arm policies to force transfer of intellectual property, trade secrets, etc to their own indigenous industries. Politically, thus was less of a fuss for the US as they were democratic allies (at least recently, if you discount the early Rhee and Park dictatorships in South Korea). China did this albeit on a much larger scale and after sustained political opposition to their entry to WTO. For all the noise about misguided American policy just because Xi Jinping is saber rattling now, the "economic ties" approach sustained a stable and relatively peaceful Chinese-American relationship through the Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao administrations. The real tragedy is that both the US and China have ended up with strongman leaders with inclinations towards personality cults. Both are bad for both nations. The main difference being that the Americans at least have access to the wrongdoings of their leader. The Chinese don't really have that same level of media criticism and coverage.
Good point, both vehicles in that gif are driving on (or out of) avenues that show left-lane driving.
&gt;Something tells me a lot of people are gonna be called to testify publicly in the comig few weeks and months. Please let them do this. Please let them widen the investigation. We can't be satisfied with just catching the one single obvious distraction. We must go after the agents who abetted and shielded his actions. We must go after those who received the same tainted funds and shady support that he did. We must go after the appointees who looted and defanged the agencies they were supposed to lead in protecting the nation and its people. Don't just go after the hot air balloon. Dig deeper and cure the infestation. Otherwise the rot will spread anew next season.
How about buff?
Pinoy Putin
This scene proved that even a well choreographed fight sequence can't save a weakly written character. The cartoon Clone Wars Grievous was bad ass. RotS Grievous... less so.
I mean, technically I know how, I'm just not very good at it. In the sense that somebody who can read this comment phonetically, but takes five minutes to do so, is "not very good at it".
I think I saw that on Netflix. The abortion part seemed easily the weakest and most experimental part of his act. He ended that segment and went into something about childhood crushes (edit: and Christians and the AD/BC year numbering), which was back up to his usual incisive observational comedy. I'm thinking he was trying out different viewpoints and hadn't decided on a specific voice. But that was from two years ago ("if you don't think Christians won everything, lemme ask you: what year is it?") so he may have solidified since then.
These books, plus the TIE Fighter game from Lawrence Holland, essentially made the EU what it was. People these days will go on about canonicity and all that, but with the canon changing so quickly, I'd rather base my own outlook just on aesthetic merits. These titles score so very highly.
I got married last year and I still sleep in separate bedrooms from my spouse. ...I tend to snore a lot. :(
Indeed. Oskar Schindler was a member of the Nazi party too, but I'd say his behavior makes him very different from a Nazi. In a good way.
&gt;If you're ever my doctor and you have to tell my family that I'm not going to make it, please say "I am so sorry mr. and mrs. Chumbawambot, ...he got knocked down, but he'll get up again, you ain't never gonna keep him down
...I THOUGHT IT WAS PESTO!
There are two things I can't stand. People who are intolerant of others...
I also recall that the UK started featuring services like BUPA and similar around that time. It might have been a move to partially hybridize the healthcare system - some degree of private coverage for urgent community based ailments (clinic on the corner for your rush-to-check problems) while the less immediate issues can be dealt with by the NHS. I liked my time in the UK, and compared against the health care systems I've encountered in mainland China and the US, I think the British model is doing well. One historical quirk is that the Brits had the dubious benefit of starting more or less from scratch, after the hardships of WW2. China had a system like that, but in the 90s they went pretty hard to privatization. At one point my parents in Beijing got a call from their maid in the middle of the night, saying her husband was at the emergency room for heart issues, but she couldn't pay the doctors. My dad got into the car and drove over to the hospital with several envelopes of cash to pay for the emergency treatment. Our maid's husband lived a few years after that before his heart failed. (As a weird economic coda, that maid later sold a few privatized apartments that her family had been gifted by the government after property reforms. She made so much money from it that she no longer needs to work. She still drops by my ageing parents' place twice a week to help them clean their house... She drives there in a BMW...)
The actual demonstrations started off for economic grievances, especially the price of pork. The Chinese government has held an obsessive focus on maintaining high economic performance and raising living standards - the usual Communist bargain of "we provide you a better life than your parents, so keep the peace". Now with the trade war, that might be in actual jeopardy for the first time since Deng's rule. The next few years will be very interesting to see.
That's a good point too. Even if Xi had pursued a quieter policy, the current White House would probably have found something or other to pick a fight about.
I do not have any data on Rabe's outlook on Jews. He is credited with having helped over 100,000 Chinese civilians escape the Japanese when Nanjing fell.
In Cantonese, the word "yeet" means "hot". And "Ho yeet" means "very hot". Well alright then!
Yes! The idea that you've eaten too much spicy, oily, or fried food, and so you've "inflamed from too much fire" in your system.
Actually, I think that's fair and you have a decent point. TPM dealt with trade wars, shifting factions, untrustworthy allies and the like. Quite a bit more grown up than ANH - which was basically "bad guys have superweapon, good guys have to stop it". I think it's the telling of the story that was weak, rather than the story itself. As opposed to Kevin J. Anderson, which in my opinion had a few clever ideas about characters and superweapons but could not string a convincing plot together and could not tell it well either.
For those who like sci-fi where incredibly fast objects are used to destructive effect, I can recommend Liu Cixin's "Remembrance of Earth's Past" trilogy (perhaps better known by its first book's name, Three Body Problem). The actual superweapons are in the final book, Death's End. Orders of magnitude scarier than anything I'd seen in my other favorite sci-fi.
Foot bindings for women in conservative China. They would crush the bones of the feet, and bind the feet together so the women had tiny feet. It was done ostensibly for cosmetic reasons, but also to force women to remain indoors as the immobile property of their husbands. It was still popular late enough that Chinese leaders Sun Yat Sen and Mao Zedong had to specifically enforce rules banning it.
I might have missed out on the Jedi Academy, I'm not sure. The KJA books that I'd read involved Admiral Daala and the Sun Crusher. The character concepts were pretty interesting and the superweapon was fun to think about (Maw Installation was interesting too). But the writing was awful and the plot was very weak - relying on sudden cliche changes of heart (Qwi Kux, if the name was right?) and on informed abilities that don't get borne out in practice. Daala is so incompetent, despite KJA's desperate attempts to have us believe otherwise, that later writers had to handwave it as *brain damage*. Zahn himself takes a swipe at KJA in the Hand of Thrawn duology, possibly due to his (mis)treatment of Pellaeon. I've hated KJA ever since I finished the Thrawn trilogy by Zahn and picked up KJA's books in the mid-1990s. But maybe I was expecting too much. Zahn's a very hard act to match. I've heard good things about the X-Wing series by Michael Stackpole, though. I might try them some time.
Wot, taking pikchaz ovvit an showin it to your mates? No that's not normal!
"I strongly resent the GOP!"
The guy who's further away, I keep looking at where his feet were on the ground, then where his head is during the flip. It's disorienting, because the ceiling sign looks like it should be directly over the line on the floor.
Lamb the Gospel of Biff, by Christopher Moore
Now listen here you little...
The X-Wing/TIE Fighter series was so good.
To answer your question, no. But is it still worth pointing out, for the benefit of redditors who may care to know? Yes.
I always have Mr. Pacifier when watching Mr. Radar, you know that! Of course I do, sir! Everybody knows that! Yes we do sir!
Commitment of funds beyond your control to engage in a business activity with the chance for gain and the risk of loss.
This feels faintly familiar!
The acting in this video was amazing, no doubt, and mad props to Cranston for knocking it out of the ballpark. But, I've wondered about whether it would actually stand up in court. Walt has done so many crimes, and the real kingpin was already exposed with evidence... I've wondered whether the evidence could support his claim that Hank was in charge. It's a great bit of acting, but on my third rewatching, I felt like this part relied more on his charisma to pull it off rather than on the legal plausibility of his threat.
In my opinion, those two things are closely related. If it doesn't stand up in court, Hank has nothing to fear.
/r/Queen
The Notebook is said to work well
People historically didn't bother with IP law in the early US either. British novels would be brought across to America and then printers would happily print them for personal profit with no royalties or other compensation paid to the authors. America began enforcing intellectual property laws when it became in its best interests to do so. This same pattern has repeated itself in many developing nations. India was especially populist in its stance on medicines. When your impoverished are suffering and an expensive drug can help them, you tend to turn a blind eye when a local provider cracks the manufacturing process and is willing to release a cheaper alternative to the market.
Balancing my credit card report. I just glance at it and pay it. I've got receipts in my wallet but they never ever match the dates on my credit card statement.
Sprouts
It's an unusual novel. I find the main strengths are the description and character profiles - how she has quirky ways of conveying everyday and odd occurrences alike. I found her plots to be more casual. Like they're not a focus - the novel isn't built on superbly intricate plots. A lot of times, a work with a weak plot will turn me off, but TSH managed to mask that well enough for me. I found the characters relatable enough (if not exactly sympathetic, at least I knew people like them and found the portrayals interesting to read about). The thumbnail descriptions, in my view, are where the book really impressed me. She captures mood very well (the idyllic weekends at the house, the party that the protagonist attends while drugged, the funeral in the final act) as well as bringing a skillful description of the otherwise mundane. I've re-read the book maybe a dozen times and it's not perfect. I've enjoyed each read through, but on later tries, I've seen that some areas are more solid than others (the tutor's supposed genius, the odd treatment of time, Henry's somewhat showy displays of informed talent).
Also married to John Ritter, I believe.
Oh, glad to be corrected. I remember some local history about Mercia but not much after two decades' absence from the UK.
CURSE MY METAL BODY, I WASN'T FAST ENOUGH
You could probably find a direct-line female ancestor within half a dozen generations or so who was significantly below the modern age of consent when she gave birth to your ancestor.
The Sword of the Spirits trilogy by John Christopher. Imagine GOT for young adult readers, set in a post collapse England. Fantastic novels, and they're currently free on Kindle with Amazon Prime.
Shower heads
The look of regret, contrition, and acknowledgement of a life wasted in revenge right before this screenshot was sublime. Margolis did a great job with this character.
Oh no worries, hope you enjoyed your detour into a weird little sub!
Interesting, Brom did some of the illustrations for the DnD books, at least for second edition.
Imagine if there was an earthquake. Caught in a landslide!
He has one in the old PC game TIE Fighter. In it, he is also gloriously awesome.
Does he belong here?
I didn't say it's a *good* movie. But women seem to like it and it's a potential first date flick.
A true child at heart!
I have the game, but wanted to say you're a kind person.
&gt;...despite what you seem to hint at, the Nazis ruined the swastika for everyone. What they did was so horrendous it pretty much erased the past. That's exactly the sort of "what happens in the West must rightly affect the world entire" chauvinism I'm referring to, yes. Well done.
I remember there was a social media post about a Sikh young woman who had an unusual appearance. I think she had a strong brow or similar. Somebody took a snap of her at an airport and made comment about her odd appearance. She responded with a very open discussion about how the Sikh outlook meant that she accepts and celebrates the body that nature gave her, and show kindness to all people. It started a warm debate and the commenter learned from the exchange, instead of continuing in ignorance, or conversely being made to feel bad for ignorance.
That's the best way to post!
I think your points are completely valid, and also don't invalidate the theory. The theory isn't that Palpatine was a savior, so much as he saw the future and then took absolutely horrific steps in response.
The engineers of the DC metro system do not appear to grasp this fact.
But potentially could find in a Hallenbad!
Something tells me he didn't wait till the slave died of natural causes...
The Sword Of The Spirits trilogy - Prince In Waiting, Beyond the Burning Lands, and the Sword of the Spirits.
Obama started something like this in 2008, I think.
I heard a theory that Bush was actually trying to avoid a soundbite of him saying "shame on me". Although maybe this is giving him a bit too much credit.
Another one that I feel is counterintuitive is "passersby". Less common is "courts martial".
That's the true tragedy that history teaches us. Find yourself a great revolutionary leader to overthrow the current order, fine. But leave yourself enough breadcrumbs to get back to normal civil society just in case the rebel hero turns out to be an imperfect leader.
Che and Fidel, Mao, Ho Chi Minh, Pol Pot, numerous rebel kings in Chinese dynastic history...
I dunno, George Washington was good both on the battlefield and as administrator. But when his term was up, he gave his power back. That was key to the success of the entire enterprise.
Gor blimey.
And in the end, Luke made up for it by giving his father a hand!
This is the other side of the coin, and very valid. For every "I'm unhappy about the reposts I see on reddit", there's the silent corollary of "Hey, maybe you shouldn't spend so much time on reddit and then you wouldn't have that problem". Or maybe diversify one's subreddit choices or something. It just strikes me as really strange when somebody goes onto the world's largest content aggregator website and then starts complaining that its content isn't being tailored just to suit their own personal whims.
Honestly, if I could do that, I suspect it would untie all those goddam cricks in my lower spine. Pop-pop-pop-p-p-p-pop! *Audible sounds of lumbar relief*
Right, that was more or less how I understood it too. I don't think it adds much to the universe, although I applaud the brave writers who tried to impose some degree of sense on Lucas' throwaway line. If this rule of two was all that serious, then Vader's and Palpatine's plan to turn Luke at the end of ESB suddenly becomes two mincing conspirators, coyly playing dumb to the fact that their openly discussed plan leads to the inevitable death and betrayal by one or both of them. I prefer to imagine Vader and Palpatine as being much more unified, and significantly more intelligent, than that.
I'm lying *in* the bed?
Haha! Myself, I like to think of the Interdictor as a female version of a Dreadnought from TLJ. Both have sleek low profiles... But only one is pregnant.
I have the exact same issue with one of my quick saves. I normalized gravity in the middle of the ceiling lens (floor lens if relative to the entry way of Deep Storage).
This was the first time I've seen this and it is excellent.
UN is useful only if you have a hostile card that's worth it. Something like Brush War, ABM Treaty, or Junta are long term game changers and *evented almost all the time.
Exercise. People I know go on and on about how it feels good and all. I personally think endorphins are a myth. Exercise is something I do because I hate it marginally less than I hate being dead.
"Hold ze LAM ant approtch ze vall." Edit come to think of it, Prey's German antagonist also mocks you by comparing you to a mouse, just like Gunther Hermann did.
For me that series has been stuck at the same season on Netflix for years, it feels like. I took one trip to Vietnam and Netflix updated a newer season, then I came home and it was stuck back again.
Oh, huh. Dahl is Norwegian or Scandinavian. Maybe not German in that case. But could still be a nod to Gunther Hermann!
"I'm twelve - you don't have to tell me to stay in school. I'm taking extra electives to make it into my college of choice in five years."
I had friends who grew up in South Africa, and they described a similar type of creature which they said looked like spiders but had ten limbs and were flesh colored to brownish. I think they were solifugae, but I could be wrong. They said they would routinely step on them going to the bathroom at night.
I remember in one of the early drafts his name was Dashit or similar.
The Greeks: "give us back our bloody marbles!"
True in the US, although in the EU it's a little more lax. Ilona Staller was simultaneously an adult actress and an Italian elected member of parliament. In 2003 she offered to have sex with Saddam Hussein if he agreed to stand down and leave Iraq peacefully. He did not accept her offer.
Miniature giant space hamsters!
But they mostly eat tiny morsels in sediment. Look at their claws. Tiny little manipulators, not fighting claws at all. They mostly go quietly along the sea bed, picking little tidbits to eat. They're said to be pretty docile in temperament too.
One of the crawler texts at the bottom said "porn movie better than original movie it was based off of". Axel Braun did a movie called Star Wars The XXX Parody. It featured some dialog that was arguably better than some of the SW movies themselves. &gt; Luke: How did my father die? &gt; ObiWan: A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine, until I... **cut his arms and legs off and left him to die in a pool of lava**... (introspective expression) &gt; Luke (visibly unhappy): I think I'm ready to go home now.
I watched this movie when I was eight. I saw the sequel and some of the other Clooney/Kilmer films, then saw the Nolan ones. This one with Jack Nicholson was the only one I really liked.
Kids. Getting in the way since 1903*. ^* possibly even earlier, not sure though.
I read the script, which came out as a thin booklet in bookstores for retail, and this scene was a bit different in the screenplay. Vincent shoots Marvin in the throat first, and Jules scolds him for doing that, though it happened accidentally. Vincent then decides to put the still-protesting Marvin out of his misery and shoot him in the head. Then he says he didn't realize there would be so much spatter.
Username checks out, your majesty!
Age 20, winter break. I'm an overseas student in the UK. Up until then, without fail, I would pack up my stuff and my parents had a ticket for me to go join them in Beijing for vacation. But in the winter of 2000, my parents emailed me and asked me what I wanted to do. I had no idea. They said I'm welcome to come to China to see them again if I want to. What this? Choice? Responsibility? The yawning void of adulthood loomed out of the fog of childhood predetermination.
The artwork in this game was great, but I thought the faces all had lots of cross cutting lines. Jennifer Yu especially has a patchwork of crisscross lines on her face.
I'm going to have to buy that album and listen to it. Leonard Cohen also released his last album very shortly before his death and it is haunting and beautiful. I didn't realize I'd like that sort of music but I guess I do.
And pretty much all of humanity towards the creature.
Some of Thomas Harris' characters are great for this. Francis Dolarhyde, villain of Red Dragon, is a deeply pitiable person who's been treated horrendously growing up.
The th in brother is ð, and the th in thorn is þ.
Is SMG an abbreviation of submachine gun, or Super Mario Galaxy, or something else?
She's like the slightly more sensible foil in your antics!
You should post this on /r/turtle or /r/turtles, they would love it over there!
Gusty Garden has a bit in the tune where it feels the natural lyrics would be "I love you, I love you, I love you".
Trevor MacDonald would agree
Doesn't really have much to do with cooking though. Maybe if you're talking about susceptibility to genetic conditions or things like sunburn resistance.
&gt; I would have to move out of state because I'd be getting death threats and thousands of comments of hatred. Conversely there are black people who get the same treatment just for... Being black
I think there's an important element of proportionality being ignored here.
If it was filed in 1963, it would have been valid for only 20 years from date of disclosure, so 1983 at the latest. Does that count as "recent"?
Most of Bram Stoker's Dracula.
The one practical effect from that movie which I couldn't figure out in my own was when David climbs down along a corridor away from the camera towards a ladder that's rotating like a clock's hands from our viewpoint. He reaches it then climbs down the ladder, also beginning to rotate like a clock's hands. That was the only effect I had to look up how they did it. Fantastic stuff.
Holding the ansaphone cassette tape, Crowley had a truly evil idea. He could play the cassette in his Bentley over and over again until Hastur turned into Freddie Mercury...
[Your wish is my command.](https://media.giphy.com/media/fBsJ94IU3vaj6/giphy.gif) [I aim but to please.](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/PowerlessAmpleHydatidtapeworm-size_restricted.gif)
Thanks for the additional info. My comment wasn't meant to be a perfect analogy (just contributing something, not a thesis-style comprehensive answer to everything), as several other posters have evidently been quite happy in pointing out. But you were the only one to add additional info instead of just playing "aha! gotcha!" Have an upvote. Cute spider species too!
[Your wish is my command.](https://media.giphy.com/media/fBsJ94IU3vaj6/giphy.gif) [I aim but to please.](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/PowerlessAmpleHydatidtapeworm-size_restricted.gif)
Autocorrect! Being helpfully unhelpful since the mid 00s!
Good idea, I know I didn't!
After Thief, I played System Shock 2, Deus Ex, Bioshock, Dishonored, and Prey - all games with a certain degree of similarity to Thief. I can recommend them very highly and hope you enjoy them too!
I tried reading it and gave up. I'm not smart enough to enjoy it and I'm okay with that.
Chongqing is great. I'd also recommend Hangzhou for high tech, chill living.
In Brazil some folks laugh when a kid falls over so they learn to laugh off a minor scrape.
&gt;Parody is protected by fair use. There is no case to begin with. I believe that what I wrote is fully compatible with what you wrote. Unless I'm misunderstanding something?
Outside the tent's collapsing, the drunk girl's shake-her-assing, as my smile... still stays on.
One day, that tool use eventually created spaceships.
Probably, I think he had his own direction and his choice of responsibilities. I admire somebody who can commit, but I know when it's not a commitment I can make at that point in my life. As a separate issue, I later decided that parenthood was not for me, and I got a vasectomy in my thirties. I guess I made my choice just like my colleague made his, and the two choices are going in opposite directions in life. I hope he's doing okay. If he worked things out between his wife and himself, and the kid's happy, then it's a net win.
You're certainly not alone in believing this, and it was a hard "breakup" for me. His girlfriend (later wife) was a very toxic woman who had no respect for other people's boundaries or autonomy, and it was difficult for me to be around her. I really liked this friend and it was a hard choice to decide that the negatives (from her) outweighed the positives (from my history with him, as well as breaking up with the woman I was dating). Eventually I did choose, and plenty of voices back then agreed with you that I was the asshole. I think alone in my circle of colleagues, my family agreed with me and everybody else thought I was making the wrong call. Notably perhaps, I'm still on talking terms with my family. I've changed my group of friends though. It's about 14 years later and from the vantage point of my fifth decade of life, I regret nothing. I was a pushover at that age, and I had insufficient resources or strength of personality to withstand a much more strong willed exploitative person. I recognized that she was impossible - I couldn't find a way to be safe from her while also helping him. Not everybody's strong enough to be the hero in every chapter of their lives, maybe I wouldn't even be up to it today. But at least I knew a lost fight when I saw one. Maybe that was the defining lesson from my twenties. Sorry if my retelling of the circumstances was incomplete or faulty, but I look back and there's no question in my mind that I made the right call. TL;DR It was never about her age, it was about her nature. Personally, I later dated a woman much older than her but who wasn't a manipulative overbearing personality.
&gt; how often it will *mechanically* impact gameplay. Is the character going to make regular self control saves to avoid intercourse? Completely agree. I was trying to brainstorm a scenario where this would be inconvenient enough to warrant a points value. My best idea is something like the Zelandonii tribe in the Earth's Children series, where the entire clan has seasonal fertility rites and adults accrue honor for the children born to their hearths. Failure to participate could mean a reduced status or reaction rolls.
A few minutes later, the caretaker returns with the twin baby and hands it back to the mother. Panda mom: "oh hey, a baby! Gimme!" (Later, when nursing): "I'm getting a weird sense of deja vu..."
Everything breaks their rules.
What happened to the driver? Did anybody file a police report or press charges?
[Everybody tries to kill Hitler on their first trip.](https://www.tor.com/2011/08/31/wikihistory/) [Summer in Paris, Light From the Sky](http://clarkesworldmagazine.com/scholes_11_07/)
Merci beaucoup! Very helpful!
Real life mortal combat: https://www.reddit.com/r/squirrels/comments/e0zhl7/found_this_on_awww_love_his_delighted_reaction
Slice of brie cheese plus a bridge made of mozzarella and shield towers made of white chocolate truffles.
A sodo-might, if you will. Ambisextrous.
I am a mildly-obsessed member of /r/Queen and your name is, shall we say, highly memorable! Plus I seem to recall Dr. May is sympathetically disposed towards badgers, even marmite ones.
Iran: our sole problem = Trump. The western world: arsehole problem = Trump
~~Nobody~~ Somebody cares about his lame disapproval
In China something similar happened, but with a negative outcome. A rural village became famous as a local man wrote best-selling novels. The local govt was tasked with setting up a museum to him so they approached the landowner of his childhood home. The landowner immediately suspected that the govt was compelled to buy the land, and also suspected that there was some value to it that he had not been told about. He kept increasing the asking price until the govt couldn't afford it. Then, in the mistaken belief that they were just playing hardball, the landowner demolished the old house on the property, and built a grand structure to maximize the appraisal value. Once the historically significant house was destroyed, the govt had no further reason to seek to buy the land, so it withdrew all offers. The landowner now has a half-finished massive building on an unusable piece of land that nobody wants. The novelist thought this was grimly amusing.
Quite the opposite, he's the oldest and Yang is second oldest. At the time the game was released in 1998/9, Zak was the only leader already born. He was four years old or thereabouts.
This may be an issue with "failure of text to convey tone", but I feel like most comments tend to reply to minor issues while missing the main point of the post. Like if person A writes "the age of consent is lower than 18 in many US states" and somebody else starts picking at the definition of "many". This may just be person B trying to give additional context rather than contradicting person A. I try to preface my supplemental comments with "building off of this point" or similar, to make it clear that I'm not attacking or challenging the central point of the earlier comment.
I think it would be really funny and unexpectedly heartwarming if his PH search came up with Ryan Creamer vids. Ryan Creamer does anti-porn like "I hold your hand and listen to you speak about your day" or even "I wash the dishes without being asked to".
But plenty of interest in conflict...
No, the "you think" bit. Where you were implying that I thought Farley wasn't on drugs. You know, the bit where you put words in my mouth that *nobody asserted except you*.
Losing My Religion - REM Tubthumping - Chumbawumba National Express - The Divine Comedy Black or White - Michael Jackson
I think this is even related to the writing of the song. Dave Grohl had found a woman whom he connected with so deeply and intimately with, that when they sang together it felt like one voice across two people.
Oh, this does fit the genre! Atticus Finch is an all round bad ass.
He also proves to be the equal of Kiera Metz if she survives. Go tame that tiger, Lambert.
la derrière
A: "My dog died." B: "Your doggy? 'Poops' ?" A: "Yes, Poops. He was so young." B: "Don't cry. He's with God now. And I am *sure* beyond all doubt... God takes Poops everywhere."
My dad got me this in the 80s, I think we had two VHS cassettes. Maybe more were released, but I never got them. The series I watched concluded on the defeat of Morag the witch and the restoration of the ancient battle wagon.
Somebody appears to have just done so. After a rather significant time lapse.
I think the website is still around. It has a few puzzles about the tangent universe.
If/when they lose, they need to be retroactively prosecuted and investigated. Not just the toupee in chief, either. The entire rotten party. Investigate their goddam interns, find out what they'll spill. We've witnessed the unashamed treasonous sale of our country by an oligarchy to a foreign hostile power. This is not *even* "American selfishness". It's outright "fuck the nation, I've got mine and I'm taking it overseas with me". If Chelsea Manning can be imprisoned for multiple years for actions against the welfare of the USA, these "paymaster-over-country" traitors can certainly suffer to answer a subpoena and see the inside of a courtroom.
Well twiddle my nipple nuts and call me Arnold.
Wasn't that David "Zeb" Cook? Fallout used to be GURPS, early in its design, but then they lost the license and they brought on a DnD designer to design SPECIAL. The Fallout "skills and perks" system was then copied by DnD 3rd, so the plagiarer has become the... plagiaree(?).
Spoken like a true Scotsman
As an American, I deeply envy British bacon. Your bacon has the fantastic meaty section above the really greasy bit, which US bacon does not. Also: British sausages. Nuff sed. Edit: Dear Lord I forgot to mention Beef Wellington, plug that stuff into my VEINS.
As convenient as it must be for the GOP if we were to just focus on the one obvious fart in the room... yes. The GOP is profiting handsomely from its malfeasance while the orange half-wit is taking a dump onstage, hoping we're too distracted to notice. We're smarter than that.
I've watched my friend play Chrono, and the one character that stood out to me was Ayla. I think you even find her in a valley on her own.
My high school became coed not many years before I attended, and the dress code had various rules for the newcomer girls governing skirt length, bra color, makeup, etc that would prevent them from distracting the boys. One boy noted that the rules only applied to girls so he dressed up in girl's clothing calculated to violate as many of those codes as possible. He was pretty cute too.
This is the "happened to the best friend" story for me. It's life changing when it happens, but everybody tries to make the best of it and numerous people will put a very positive spin on it. But some people just aren't a good fit for that responsibility when it comes to them.
"Consider this kettle," the Dragon said wearily...
Atticus Finch.
A TV series would be great - I feel like Thrawn's stories are best explored with deep background and build-up of personalities and prep work, rather than flashy acrobatics and explosions. A movie gives us only two hours to get into the plot. A TV series like Breaking Bad could set up plot elements that mature over seven or eight hours of same-season growth.
&gt;Does it matter what canon is? I mean, canon gets changed every new cartoon season and every new movie. There's so much out there that I just learned to except what you like and discard what you dislike. I agree - the "canon" label is useful to identify what timeline and consistent universe/history is currently being developed. The "canon" label does not have much to do with actual quality or merit. So somebody saying "Heir to the Empire is no longer canon" basically is indicating that it's no longer consistent with the currently developed storyline by the copyright holder. Some people might make a statement like that to comment on the book's actual merits, but I've never found those types of comments particularly helpful.
Luuuuke Skywalker, a glitch in the space-time continuinuinuinuinuum!
Twinings is pretty much the best I can get here in the US. I strongly suspect the US tins are ersatz as well, based on tins my cousin has brought over from London.
I'll have to put in an order of Yorkshire, thank you!
This looks like a gigantic version of the robots that fell from the sky, in the animated movie Laputa.
Yes, but the explanation you're looking at came several hours after OP's comment in this thread. For OP, here's the link to the comment with a relevant explanation: https://old.reddit.com/r/dangerousdesign/comments/eot0wc/im_sure_nothing_can_go_wrong/fefv7o7/
This was utterly mental, we used to have early P.E. from 1 to 3, then the sun went down at 3:30 and we had to get showered and changed for classes until 7:30 at night. I had trouble with this growing up so I ended up in a sunnier part of America. My brother had no problems with reduced sunlight and now he's up in Seattle, aka Britain-on-Pacific.
My dad's from China and he's fond of both Chinese "soak it in a mason jar" greenleaf 茶 and British "dash of milk first" cha. As he's getting on in years, he's become more into Anglaiserie, bone china tea services and that. I've had to stop him from getting a bowler. "You know, even the Brits themselves don't wear those anymore..."
All depends on the setting and on the GM. The massive 3rd Ed. setting of *Transhuman Space* certainly had space for you to use the Brainwashing skill, as there was an entire branch of social science called Memetics (basically highly evolved Advertising/Strategic Communications/Propaganda).
TL;DR - Azalin decides to crowdsource his metaphysical research using a drug and a Falkovnian invasion. PCs learn of this in layers of plot. *"Azalin's plots are like the skins of an onion - by defeating one plot, you merely discover that you were working to realize a deeper objective of his all along."* (Paraphrased from Black Box.) Layer 1 plot: Darkonian PCs help a spy company investigate a leak of intel from Darkon to Falkovnian. You've lost your memory and your employers are sending you on missions where you remember key things at important junctures. One small mission concerns a new drug "*abfalduz*" that spawns a small cult - the drug combines the consciousnesses of consuming partners so they experience the same hallucinations. The later missions gel together to suggest that your employers are investigating a traitor in your country's government who is feeding intel to the militaristic neighboring country. (Darkonian spy networks are investigating a leak from Darkon to Falkovnia.) Layer 2 plot: Falkovnians complete their military preparations and launch a surprise attack, supported by good logistics and psy ops. They begin to convince the Darkonians that their own social institutions (and maybe their own rulership) are the true controllers of the Creeping Death undead scourge. The Falkovnians, with tight coordination from their traitor within Darkon, have launched another massive military campaign. This time, their planning is efficient and their logistics are sound - they move from city to city in overwhelming numbers to keep the Creeping Death at bay (Darkon's undead currently only rise at night to prevent a general panic). Their psy ops play a slick game with public denunciations from monster hunters, noblemen, and sages to prove publicly that the Darkonian leadership and its Eternal Order church are frauds and are themselves directly in control of the dreaded Creeping Death. The Falkovnians show chilling military discipline and logistical coordination when they overrun Nartok by internal betrayal and grind through Viaki in attrition during daylight crossings from fort to fort, eventually threatening the capital of Il Aluk, and surrounding much of the royal forest containing the hidden Castle Avernus where a long ago ruler once ruled the nation. Layer 3: The Falkovnian spymaster triumphs in a family feud against the Darkonian head, who dies. The PCs discover a way of leverage over the Falkovnian spymaster and force a defection, giving them insight to the Falkovnian war machine. Your employer's top director is personally invested in the espionage conflict between the two nations. The director believes they have secreted their family safely in a third nation, and then wiped their own memory for safety in order to focus on fighting the enemy. However, the opposing forces have already located and eliminated the friendly leader's family, and used their deep cover to secrete their own. (Darkon's intel contractor dies during the conflict, and it comes to light that the organization has been taking steps to protect their forgotten family in the neighboring domain for many decades now. As it turns out, the Falkovnian intel director has discovered this some time ago, and secreted his own family in the same hideaway. Thus, the Darkonian efforts have unwittingly protected the Falkovnian secret... now that the Darkonian spy leader is dead, the PCs have nothing left to lose, and can exert pressure on this nerve in the opposite direction, against the Falkovnian leadership.) Layer 4: The PCs learn that maybe the Darkonian king isn't dead after all, and one of his highest ranked officials is the traitor who gave intel to the Falkovnians. After discovering this double subterfuge, the PCs can force defection of the Falkovnian spymaster, who then reveals key points about the Falkovnian invasion and the Darkonian high traitor who has been providing information. The Darkonian traitor is one of the top leaders in the cabinet - higher even than the Barons, and likely one of the conclave of rulers that stands in for the long-absent king, Darkonus Rex. The PCs investigate the Royal Apartments at Il Aluk, finding them long abandoned and no sign of the supposed king - as well as a passage to the Black Vault, a fortified dungeon of terrible artifacts and prisoners, that gives way to a truly surreal interlinked network of small teleportal cells scattered throughout Darkon. Layer 5: Azalin himself is the traitor within Darkon, who has fed the Falkovnian leadership the vital information of Darkonian political and military weaknesses needed to goad them to a new invasion. Azalin's plan is to enslave all sentient life in Darkon as part of a massive drug-fueled neural net - and if he can trap a few million Falkovnians in it, so much the better. Azalin Rex, once and reluctant king of Darkon, is still very much active out of the public eye, but has been focusing all of his attentions on research to leave the Demiplane. Oblivious to the passage of mortal time, he has been spending the past five or so decades in a laboratory over the Shadow Rift, studying the protomatter nature of its mists and the possibility of mounting an escape from there. Azalin's initial idea was to cultivate a cadre of concentrated expertise in several elite experts, and then collaborating them together to reach a research breakthrough. However, this is slow, time-consuming work (much of which is thwarted by unreliability of candidates at selection, as well as the contradictory nature of training them up to expertise, while expecting them to innovate). Accordingly, starting a decade or so ago, he has hedged his bets with a second approach - a sort of medieval fantasy "crowdsourcing" of research to harness the mental power of the entire nation's peons... and those of the invading nation to boot. What if millions of laymen could be harnessed in tandem to provide even greater computational results than a cadre of geniuses? What if you could persuade your populous next door neighbor to commit millions of soldiers, police, recruits, civil servants, and laborers to cross the border into your realm in the name of liberation or conquest? What if all you had to do was to taint the water supply with *abfalduz* across their path of conquest, thus preparing the way to combine all their minds together in a shared hallucination? And what if you dictated their hallucination to be a problem-solving distraction, aimed at speeding the research that had stymied the minds of a small number of elite experts? Zombies - the dead kind - don't make for helpful survey respondents... but what about slaved human minds all linked as one giant processer? What if "all of us are truly smarter than some of us"? If the threat of mindless drug-addled mental slavery isn't bad enough, it's also implied that the eventual scientific solution to Azalin's magical project will require the conversion of large amounts of mass into raw energy to allow him to escape. The order of magnitude is around the mass of the Northern Core and everything on it. This is a sacrifice Azalin is willing to make, but it bodes poorly for everybody else in the area.
Granny Rags learns Pyrokinesis.
I'm on keto, which pretty much means I can't eat any traditionally accepted fruit. Avocados are okay, and they're biologically fruits but treated in cooking more as veggies.
Hey, Antarctica gets lonely.
This is what the OP is looking for, in my opinion.
Donna Tartt is fantastic - *The Secret History* is a book I re-read every few years just to revisit it.
Tangential note: I loved *March of the Penguins*.
Busy busy busy! Places to go, errands to run! Gotta keep up with the frenetic pace of modern testudinoid life!
&gt; We'll just be getting a bunch of TV series for now. Honestly, I think this may be *artistically* for the better. (Not commenting on commercial concerns - I guess some movies do better than TV series and vice versa from dollars and cents.) Star Wars has gotten complex and sophisticated in its worldbuilding - the plots and twists now quite feasibly require more exposition time than a 2-hour movie can provide (even three movies merely clock in at 6 hours or so, barely one season of a TV series). If Disney could bring additional plot lines to a TV series, it would help flesh out the universe with more development, and also allow enough time for truly cerebral, realized complex plots to be shown. For example, Palpatine's political machinations in the PT are compressed by time... but in a TV series, you could introduce much more detail and screen time for developing many other plots, and then resolve them. The political/espionage complexity of *Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy* needed a 7-part TV series to fully explore back in the 1970s, and the 2011 2-hour movie couldn't really do it full justice. Imagine the complex plots of a Thrawn story, which relies on setting up many inter-related elements towards a final gradual resolution. This doesn't lend itself well to a movie, unlike action- and magic-focused screenplays. You need more time and space to fully explore cerebral (and social) based plots. If SW wants to move in that direction, it may want to move away from the "cinema blockbuster" and more to "slow burn TV plot".
"You smell familiar! Also, you remind me of food for some reason. I JUMP ON YOU!" ... "Mmm, yummy food yummy food!"
[Glasgow Love Theme - Love Actually](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jc3Zdawbek)
Also Nottingham exists but has almost no connection to Robin Hood, forests, and castles.
Oddly enough, I actually got into GURPS because I was dissatisfied with DnD and its level of suitability for gothic horror gaming like Ravenloft. In 2008 I sat down and interviewed dozens of RPG systems to find one I liked. Eventually I settled for GURPS. That was already 4 years into the fourth edition for GURPS, and it's stayed as fourth edition ever since. Whereas by 2008, DnD had just announced 3rd edition upgrade to 4E, and now we're looking at 5E DnD...
A brief segment of it was playing in the background circa 2009 when I was at a friend's house. They were talking about BM.
Happy cake day. Also, I'm American and dislike the British Royal Family. Although that might be owing to the fact that I was mostly educated in Northern England. (Dunelm 2001.)
The one where we sang bad songs about Hatfield College going to Rome in order to see the Pope, earning a curt dismissal for their labors. In return, they tried to steal our toasters and kettles. Don't ask me why!
That's the link I visited obsessively, also a few years ago! Thanks, I'll give it another whirl. (And there was a great disturbance in the force, as though hundreds of little voices cried out OH, NO!... and were suddenly silenced.)
There was an entire Red Dwarf episode plot arc about this.
The US did commit some air reinforcements to Chiang Kai Shek - see the [Flying Tigers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flying_Tigers). These trained the ROC air force pilots and helped bring much-needed supplies over the Indian border, but I believe they all operated under the ROC flag.
Four links to quick short stories: * [Wikihistory](https://www.tor.com/2011/08/31/wikihistory/) * [Summer in Paris, Light From the Sky](http://clarkesworldmagazine.com/scholes_11_07/) * [BLIT](http://www.infinityplus.co.uk/stories/blit.htm) * [The Mindworm](https://gutenberg.ca/ebooks/kornbluthcm-themindworm/kornbluthcm-themindworm-00-h-dir/kornbluthcm-themindworm-00-h.html)
My younger brother had gone through a separation and a divorce. I took a couple of months off from my work to go stay with him. We tidied up his place, sorted out his possessions to keep and which to throw out, and then finally hosted a few gaming nights with friends to reestablish his social circles. Later his friends and his therapist gave him feedback that I had helped greatly with his recovery. My parents only ever had the two of us. I figure as brothers, we're the most reliable link to be there for each other in this life.
His brother in arms/Cambridge roommate/fellow British humorist, Stephen Fry, also suffered from severe depression and had been arrested and imprisoned in juvenile reform while still a teenager. I think the old stereotype about the tears of a clown seems to hold true for Fry and Laurie. Love their comedy though.
Lockwood was also a major contributing artist to Dungeons and Dragons - from mid 1990s to mid 2000s. If you saw some of his work, it might have been with late DnD 2nd edition to DnD 3rd edition.
Speaking for 4th edition specifically: * GURPS [Zombies](http://www.sjgames.com/gurps/books/zombies/) is a good full-release treatment of the subject matter, but you probably would only use some of the variant rules. * GURPS [After the End](http://www.sjgames.com/gurps/books/aftertheend/) are shorter supplements that deal with scavenging and scarcity. I used some of its rules in a post-collapse environment where, for example, an experienced gunman would have to make a hard choice between using one of his precision-made rifle rounds vs. using some handmade ammo for conservation purposes.
"Hello? Hello? I heard you were trapped inside so I'm here to check on you. ... I also heard you were trapped in there with a nut. Or even multiple nuts. They can be very bad for you. You could trip and hurt yourself. Luckily I can help take them off your hands for you. Here, let me carry this one away first. I'll come pick up the others later. ... Oh, no. Please, I...- I don't want thanks."
I think it was part of Snorri Sturlson's records of the Vikings. The full story I heard was that the Vikings had been drinking and boasting, and one guy boasted that he would kill the leader's housekarl and sleep with the leader's daughter. They woke up hungover but remembered his boast, and as Vikings were men of their word, they set sail and attacked the leader of the tribe thus targeted. They lost the battle, but the boasting individual ended up as you saw above. The legend ended with the enemy leader looking at the maimed housekarl and saying "we respect that you delivered your first part of the promise, but we cannot permit you to succeed in the second."
Probably true. But one - this is reddit. And two - the U.S. Constitutional First Amendment protects this sort of speech, even against public individuals, especially once they are deceased and now part of history.
Len Deighton normally wrote extensively about Cold War Germany in his historical fiction (espionage thrillers). But he went back and wrote a prequel novel titled "Winter" which was set in the time of the Kaiser and the runup to the Third Reich. It is firmly in the camp of fiction, but its tone is realistic and covers themes of family, betrayal, illicit affairs, friendships among political enemies, and senseless loss. More than once, people are forced to make terrible decisions to save those they care about.
Man, I'm really glad that Disney relegated all the old EU to Legends, allowing them to focus on a smooth, internally consistent sequel trilogy right guys?
Not entirely on point, but I was just searching through old threads and found [this one with a stat-up of Geralt](http://forums.sjgames.com/showpost.php?p=966168&amp;postcount=833), in case it's helpful.
Anyone can see...
Could be hermaphrodite, some media claims they have genitalia of both sexes. *The Prophecy* showed the corpse of Angel Uziel was hermaphrodite. Interestingly, *Angels in America* had an angel with multiple sets of female genitalia. And Emma Thompson's face.
Perhaps a judge of the Holden variety.
Thank you for sharing with us how jaded and cynical you are.
Christina Hendricks could work. Redhead familiar with sci-fi roles.
I agree. I think the EU Thrawn trilogy introduced unorthodox plot elements, and presented them in a traditional narrative fashion. I really enjoyed this and consider it the high water mark of quality in the SW universe (even better than the later Thrawn works, including the New Canon... although New Canon has the benefit of being openended about Thrawn's ultimate fate). TFA introduced very traditional plot elements, and presented them in a traditional narrative. I personally didn't enjoy this all that much. If I'd actually wanted this, I'd rewatch ANH. My feeling was this movie was more of an "Episode 4 updated for the 2010s" - so folks who saw the OT as kids could now bring their own kids to watch TFA. TLJ tried both unorthodox plot elements, plus unorthodox narrative. I respect Rian Johnson for the effort, and I personally like TLJ marginally more than TFA. However, I think Johnson knocked down all the expected storytelling tropes and then failed to erect anything worthwhile afterwards. If you're going to tear down the establishment, your own replacement is going to be scrutinized. And I don't think he succeeded, even though he actually tried to take a swing at it. I respect a swing and a miss more than I respect a rehash, which is what JJ Abrams gave us.
Indeed! Look, Disney cannot tolerate other artists creating unstructured, wildly inconsistent former stories... because that's Disney's job. Any other way wouldn't generate proprietary profits.
The EU Thrawn trilogy also had a really awesome tie-in video game: *TIE Fighter*, which was 100% full continuity with the books. The game occurred between the end of ROTJ and the start of the novels, and it gracefully and consistently explained "okay, if Thrawn's such a powerful character, then where was he during Endor?" It also had some beautiful tech tie-ins to the books and to ROTJ. During the game, you engage in some counterespionage near Sullust regarding the Emperor's secret plans, and you also see an arms race in very powerful fighters and cloaking tech - so overpowered that the Empire wisely decides to mothball the tech so it doesn't fall into the wrong hands.
I don't think it is. Gunn partnered up with actual adult actresses in his parody shorts.
[A satirical news site did something very similar with Tom Hanks](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://bluerockpublicradio.com/another-actress-steps-forward-accusing-tom-hanks-of-being-nice-f4eec3485206&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiilOe7w6TnAhVGl3IEHX_4ByoQFjAAegQIAhAB&amp;usg=AOvVaw1TLaB8HItrFLu_MQXmmfam)
It makes me wonder how Rogue One did, since two big-name Chinese actors (Donnie Yen and Jiang Wen, playing Chirrut Imwe and Baze respectively) were cast for that. I'm guessing not so well. Also, as a Chinese fan of Star Wars, the title of this post is making me go all [Larry David from Community - or possibly a different show](https://imgur.com/r/preggit/e2oz04i).
Specifically I was wondering about China. It looks like R1 was the franchise's attempt to make itself relevant to the PRC. They even did a Great Wall event for one of the new years celebrations. Be interesting to see if it paid off in terms of sales.
It has fur though, maybe it's an elephant seal
Oof, then very clearly the SW franchise missed the mark in China. Thanks for the numbers, they tell a cogent story all on their own. (Insert comment about "more than can be said for TROS etc." here)
Most Chinese schoolkids also learn about him as he was held up to be one of the early examples of a competent, conscientious minister. In addition to ending the superstitions, he took measurements along the river system (near, but not on, the Yellow River) and instituted hydraulic locks and canals to reduce flooding and seasonal casualties.
Er... Maybe he was just a DRAGON. ...
In China, the police generally do not carry firearms and are issued them only in exceptional situations. They're much more likely to carry mancatcher poles - the type where you can pin somebody to a wall or the floor at a safe distance.
Right, we in America committed all of our genocides back before it went out of fashion. Get with the program, China!
I believe that it's stated in the Hadith that a Muslim person can eat food while abroad in non-Muslim countries that is not halal, provided that the food consumption is consistent with the practices of that foreign country, and especially when the Muslim person cannot tell the contents of the food. The idea being that you are not expected to die of starvation to Allah just because you're travelling in a land that doesn't practice halal food preparation. This can be interpreted many different ways. My mother, who is a Chinese Muslim, interprets it that she has a duty to ask what's in the food, and to refuse it if it contains pork. In China, pork is the most common meat in dishes (so much so that if anything says "meat" it usually means pork) and so this means she self-selects to not eat the majority of Chinese meat dishes. Some of her brothers and sisters, however, have interpreted this to mean "if I do not affirmatively know that there's pork in this food, I can eat it". A few of my uncles and aunts (and their kids) will thus make no inquiries about the food, and eat it normally - mostly those who live in North America or Europe. One of my ex-girlfriends was Muslim and she had an even more interesting take on it. She'll affirmatively avoid asking what's in the food, as long as she's not been told it's pork, and thus can eat it. Sometimes I would see her cheerfully munching down on bacon and then tell her "it's pork". She would abandon the bit she was eating and pass it to me. Later when she got sick of this she'd stick her fingers in her ears. (This occurred during her residency in the US.) As for me, I'm an atheist so I don't care one way or another.
He was said to have "trained" a king's harem by giving them marching orders and, when they predictably collapsed in fits of giggles, by beheading the two lead concubines on the spot. The rest of the harem immediately fell into order and did the marching drill properly.
*makes smarmy reddit comment* *gets called out for it* *LOL JK BRUH WY SO SIRIUS???* Sounds about right.
Worms in the brain are not terribly common, since the worms that infect humans typically want to be able to lay their eggs into the human digestive system, so they can be carried out with the waste. [Neurocysticercosis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neurocysticercosis) has been seen with people infected with tapeworm eggs, which then end up by chance in the brain. This results in hollow cysts throughout the brain matter, with common symptoms as seizures and dementia.
A parliament of owls
Thanks for linking to the Li Keqiang index, I learned something today.
&gt; So what if the movie used an unoriginal formula, that formula was proven to work and it wasn't used for like 35 years. I think this is a good point. You can have movies that do not innovate in terms of plot devices, but which still do the storytelling and the narrative so well that you enjoy them regardless. A lot of James Cameron movies are like this too - especially Avatar, which used very familiar plot elements, but wove them together in a way that was pleasing and skillful.
It's actually possible he might have been inspired by Home Alone, as that movie had indeed come out by the time that happened!
The other major chat program my family uses is wechat, which is very likely sending data to the Chinese government. So by the late 2010s, early 2020s, the dream of a free internet is waning and the reality is that it's being carved up between corporate interests and governmental agencies.
Happy little creatures!
Yellowstone caldera awakens
A plastic shopping bag is also pretty good for killing flies that are up against the window.
And an upside cross is the mark of the Beast, right? Edit: thanks for the informative responses! Looks like this is just a bit of pop culture!
A *flock* of geese A *celebration* of shotguns A *fusillade* of pellets A *rain* of pâté
My Spanish isn't what it used to be, but I think this sentence means "a pig cannot program computers", i.e. "to make a pig's ear out of something".
I think this style of thinking is what got us Trump in the first place. "Nah, Hillary isn't really doing it for me, I'm not voting for anybody. I'm sure this decision will result in an even better political outcome." As somebody who backed Bernie in 2016 and 2020, I'm happy to vote for Biden if it prevents 4 more years of what we've seen so far.
I'd say China lacks the ideological draw of the USSR, and the US has been winning converts to normalized ties all through the 2010s to present. Vietnam normalized, Myanmar flipped allegiances entirely, and most other nations see the US as economic king and China as a rising pretender. China did well under Deng, Jiang, and Hu with an outward looking boom as a stakeholder in world trade. If Xi repudiates this trend, he'll need something equally compelling to replace the domestic boom.
Piers "UK's version of Murdoch style unethical behavior" Morgan
Funny enough, during peace time, those 2nd Amendment cheerleaders are the ones saying "MAH GUNS FIGHT TYRANNY MMKAY?" And in the face of actual tyranny they immediately side with the tyrant.
Cute!
Cute little critter!
Rachel's Song is amazing every time
There's a detail in Cragscleft that's chilling, for me. A few of the cells have prisoners who are listed in the rosters as being punished by "gelding" (castration - cutting off their testicles). Depending on where you are in the level, you can hear the lamentations of the prisoners. At certain points, there's a sound of a man in great pain and groaning or weeping. Every so often he moans "Gone... all gone..." Incredibly creepy and atmospheric.
You may fire when shredding.
In one discussion regarding China's sometimes-prickly foreign relations with its bordering states, the issue came up that China and Russia are currently tied as countries with the largest number of foreign frontier borders. Both have 14 borders, although two of them (for each) are with each other. (I.e. China and Russia both have two stretches of shared borders, interrupted by Mongolia.) This was compared with America, which has a very peaceful border with Canada and a more normal-tension border with Mexico. To American eyes, perhaps China's and Russia's conduct with their neighbors betray a far greater degree of mistrust and rivalry... but then again, America only has two borders and one of them is the world's longest non-policed border between two countries. "Where you sit is where you stand."
Russian really rolled a natural 20 on its Interference roll. I can imagine Putin thinking about this and going "we could get the USA to do some really heinous shit... if this guy was halfway competent at covering up his misdeeds." :takes one look at Trump: "Okay, let's go with Plan B, General Chaos and Confusion. Best we can do."
Being punished for an error, when my parents never actually told me it was wrong in the first place. This usually happened in front of my grandparents because my parents had to show off how disciplined they were. The cousins usually made it worse by teasing. When I was 14 I was old enough to refuse to go anywhere or do anything I didn't want to. Both of my paternal grandparents died in the following 15 years without ever seeing me again. Most of my cousins are out of my life too.
He did so much with a cloaking device. Ties smuggled into a shipyard. Asteroids creating a dead zone around Coruscant. Apparent inter-shield orbital bombardment at Ukio. The current canon books are good, but legends Thrawn was something else.
Even non federated countries like China still cover such vast ranges of climate, terrain, and demographics that it could count as several states bound together by a central government.
To be fair, I do a lot of RPGs and one of the best places to find additional cool Force powers is by borrowing from sorcery fantasy tropes. "Space wizards" need not be derogatory - it's actually a pretty apt description of the Emperor. (Much as Vader might well be a space samurai, and Han Solo might be a space Chinese taxi driver trying to pay off his debts who picks up dissidents who don't even pay him and his day gets progressively shittier and shittier as the government gets involved.) The "for kids" bit isn't fair either, at least not monolithically. Star Wars has to be reasonably accessible to kids since that's where all the "moichandizing" is, but well-done Star Wars is definitely appreciable by adults too. Case in point: ESB generally is much less enjoyed by kids, but consistently tops adult viewers polls as one of the greatest movies ever made. As with any franchise it needs direction, and Disney didn't really get its vision properly defined, nor did it get its team in synch.
Togepi?
I downloaded the various Storyteller games (Mage, Vampire, Werewolf, etc) back during the week when they were free. I've read about fifty pages into Mage and there's a lot of lore. But damned if I know what the game mechanics are.
Bully threatens a kid. ~~Salamanca's~~ Pedro's cousins shake heads ominously. Bully stops threatening kid.
I feel like Putin surprised himself with the success of his 2016 election meddling. At first it was like "meh, let's make it harder for Hillary, throw a few shadows over her inauguration, tie her up domestically so she can't repeat the democratic outreach she did as State Secretary." Then Trump outright won. "Hold up, this went better than expected. This opens up *possibilities...*"
Definitely. I'm trying to come up with flavors of different schools of magic, and Mage is great for that. Same deal as when I'm trying to come up with different clans of vampires, which is bang on what Vampire Masquerade is all about.
I miss 2012, when "binders full of women" was considered an insensitive comment by a presidential candidate.
A more relevant number is the size of the Chinese Communist Party's roster, which is around 90.5 million people. Convert those to democracy and your job is finished.
Smoke crack with me, Marty Byrde.
I get it, for a lot of people it's something they just see as normal without questioning it. Even something like gravity took a thinker like Newton to really question why apples fall from trees. If they're coming from a place of "here's what made me happy, and I wish you every happiness" then I take it in my stride. It's like a Christian wishing me Merry Christmas, or a Chinese person wishing me a good Spring Festival. But if they're telling me how to live my life and the end goal is for me to fit in with their expectations, I don't have time for that. Maybe they should find a way to live their lives so they're not dependent on other people's concessions for their own validation.
An Onion headline: "African American neighborhood in search of ask murderer."
Ohio also is the birthplace of more NASA astronauts than any other US state, so that may have something to do with the humor.
I'm the only person in my family who sneezes quietly and I'm half convinced the others yell on purpose when they sneeze.
Memory of the color of blood, King's Castle edition.
Drabaviki skladnoy!
Oh, I missed the "when they yell sneeze" bit at the end, quite right.
The first time I ever heard So Long, Marianne, it was [this cover](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWixl3sRp_w) by John Cale and Suzanne Vega. I like the instrumentals and the vocal duet more than with the Leonard Cohen original. This song also attended me through not one but two failed romances, so it sort of fit my life, thematically.
There's a very ancient lineage of stories about a non-human female group that goes to bathe in water, and a human male tricks them by stealing their clothes on the bank. In some stories, this prevents them from shapechanging back into their alien creature forms - in others, it's just their modesty that keeps them in the water. Eventually the male human gives back the clothes (or in some myths, discarded skins of human appearance) and all but one of the female alien creatures leaves - the remaining one becomes the wife of the human. In many versions of the story, the union is not a happy one and the female alien either tries to get away from her captor, or she is unwillingly separated from him. This also crosses many cultures, too. See Volundarkvida in the Nordic tales for a smith who trapped a birdlike maiden (she disappears and leaves him, never to return, although the start of the tale implies he expects her to eventually). Also see the tale of the Cowherd and the Weaver Girl (牛郎织女) for a similar treatment in Chinese fables - although the weaver girl is associated with magpies, and on the 7th day of the 7th month the two can be reunited by a bridge of birds. The wiki page on [Swan Maidens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swan_maiden#Animal_wife_motif) has a neat list of "animal wife" tales from various cultures, including Sanskrit.
The book gives a lot more context to the "one famous discretion shot" at the end of the Swedish film. But on the whole, I think I probably would have enjoyed the film a bit better if they'd just removed that plot vestige entirely. Personal choice, for sure though. The US film omits it entirely and I think it's an understandable move.
It's so much fun to see little creatures having fun and playing!
Hugh Laurie, talking to Ellen DeGeneres: "Chuffed to bits." Ellen: "...?"
Yes, it means pleased or happy, with a bit of a smug element to it. "He's dead chuffed that his Level 1 Rogue survived where your Level 3 Paladin bit the dust, innie?" (My DnD group's GM, in 1991, Midlands UK)
Does it eject the spent shell casings upward, like the Mauser did?
Bad bot.
&gt; "My gift to industry is the Necromantically-Revived worker, or Necrojack for short. Unthinking, uncomplaining, an ideal drone. Tyranny, you say? How can there be tyranny when they cannot feel pain?"
It's a modified quotation from Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri. The game is available on GOG.com and it's one of the best turn based strategy games ever made, in my opinion.
O mamma mia mamma mia
My highest-upvoted comment of all time is relevant to this discussion! See you on the concourse, fellow pilot!
Hey everybody, get a load of this guy. He's got, like, a house and a balcony and shit! Just joking, sorry to see your property got damaged. It's got a nice Inception kind of aesthetic to it though. Or maybe Dali-esque.
If this game doesn't replicate the TIE Fighter and X-Wing ships, I am 100% confident that it's only a matter of time before some fan makes a mod to include them. I'm also 50% confident that such a mod would likely be even more popular than the base game itself.
/r/misleadingthumbnails would appreciate this.
&gt; “As democracy is perfected, the office of president represents, more and more closely, the inner soul of the people. On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron.” ― H.L. Mencken, On Politics: A Carnival of Buncombe
Likewise, is Einstein in the same frame of reference as the rest of them?
I'm more surprised by the anti-China mention. Trump and his kleptocracy were a product of 2016 and onward. China trade is a product of globalization that long predates Trump and his goons. We're talking at least as far back as 2001 with the World Trade Organization entry of China - something that Clinton, Bush, and Obama all worked to maintain.
I feel like I should start taking notes, this is useful information.
I read the now-canon Thrawn trilogy. They're my favorite part of post-Disney Star Wars, but that's really not saying much. I still felt that Zahn's now-legends Thrawn trilogy was better. Part of that might have been scale: Thrawn in Legends controlled the remnants of the Empire, instead of being a stranger holding a mere high rank within it, so his plots had far greater resources behind them.
Yeah, but have you seen the rest of this thread? It's pretty good.
Agreed. Let's hope the next big thing is more along the lines of "reliable interception and detection" and not "antimatter bombs to kill us even faster". Maybe a naive hope, I know.
Very true. China, for all its economic boom, has still pursued a "just large enough to be a deterrent" philosophy regarding its nuclear stockpile. Back around the turn of the century its stockpile was estimated at around twenty nuclear weapons able to reach the US. It's almost like they said "the safest way to win is not to play".
Undocumented llamas
Those are all more accurately termed "freedom from". Freedom of speech, okay, that's nice. Freedom from labor protections. Hang on, I actually wanted some of those!
Interestingly this seems to imply that the maligned "exotic meat markets" are no longer our main concern... If they ever were?
Good point - perhaps an element of terror or psyops tactic?
Ah, right. Reddit has a feature whereby you can "reply" to a specific "comment", so you can try "clicking" on biskitbaker (or whoever's) comment and hit "reply". Then "type" using your "fingers" on the "keyboard". It's likely to be a bit tricky at first for you but ask an adult to help you out and I'm sure you'll get the hang of it.
I think I am missing the joke. How does he suddenly grow a beard?
Structurally, I also felt that Jesse was used by the show's writers as a wildcard whenever they needed to shake things up. Walt finally managing his cat-and-mouse relationship with Hank? Jesse messes it up. Walt finally getting some good cook going? Jesse messes it up. Walt finally finding a professional dealer with a million dollar lab? Jesse messes it up. I definitely find Jesse sympathetic, but several times his drug use and random personality is used as a tool by the writers to introduce tension. In Better Call Saul, they seem to rely on Jimmy's "bad boy" streak for much the same function. (Kim has a bit of this herself too, but it seems less self-sabotaging than Jimmy's.)
Gonna need us some moly to get past that! Imagine if Circe served Odysseus some fresh roasted ham.
That's somewhat giving Iceland short shrift, I think. They're setting a good example, if nothing else. Let's roll some heads in the other nations though.
Voucher confirming that somebody had made a donation to charity in my name. Really helped with the festive spirit.
...that's actually a pretty good zing. Kudos!
Early in the days of the republic, US federal law was comparatively weak. It had a minimum age of marriage (age 10) but was otherwise silent on any age of sexual consent. Nowadays the states set a minimum age of sexual consent, which typically ranges from 16 to 18. Federal laws on obscenity prohibit transfer of obscene materials to minors, defined as anybody under the age of 16. California state (which accounts for a large portion of US TV and movie recording) has age 18 as the age of consent, and so a lot of media follows that age as the cutoff.
I did some digging into Drakov, since he's historically pretty important to the Core's politics and I wanted to make him a more fleshed-out darklord. What I found was a bit surprising. In 2nd ed, he hailed from Thenol, which is on the "other side of the world" from the Dragonlance tales (on the continent of Taladas). In Thenol, a corrupt bishop, Trandamere, had seized power in a midnight coup involving mobilization of masses of undead soldiers. Drakov could quite feasibly have heard of this. Trandamere also had a human warlord serving him, Count Mallarchus. I changed Drakov's backstory so that he knew of this, and that was his "moral line in the sand" - although he himself was bloodthirsty and cruel, he would absolutely not tolerate necromancy and commanding the undead. Drakov swore to fight Bishop Trandamere and Count Mallarchus. Drakov was pulled into Ravenloft, and believed himself to be fighting Trandamere's forces when he arrived in Darkon (perhaps understandably, since Darkon is no stranger to wandering undead). Azalin took personal note of Drakov's arrival and held a direct audience with him, eventually misdirecting him southwards to Barovia. Coincidentally, Barovia was ruled by... a Count! Drakov and his men launched several successful raids against the Barovians before they became aware of Azalin's duplicity. Overmatched by the eventual organized Barovian response, they fled into the mists and back into Darkon a second time, facing Azalin as he openly led his undead border guards to repel them. Defeated and near capture, Drakov and his men crossed one final time into newly-formed Falkovnia. Drakov eventually pieced together parts of the truth: he believes Azalin may be the same person as Trandamare, or possibly not. But he is 100% certain that Azalin is an undead horror and is the secret source and commander of the Darkonian "Creeping Death" undead hordes that the entire Core rightly fears. He has tried to unite the other human-ruled domains against Azalin to overthrow this monstrous ruler, but his overtures have been ignored or subverted by the others. He has led various campaigns against them to overthrow their indifferent leadership and install friendly regimes who will unite to oust Azalin. The real tragedy of Drakov's plight is that he is actually entirely correct, but he knows (Cassandra-like) that his shouted truths fall upon deaf ears. The other human rulers are content to continue doing trade with Darkon and feeding into Azalin's coffers, all while the inscrutable lich lord continues to pursue his sinister goals with the resources of the Core's largest nation under his command.
There's a badass assassin (badassin?) in the Dishonored video games named Daud who is canonically asexual. He's a fantastic character, too. The deadliest killer in the city, but filled with remorse over his past, and willing to do an act of justice even if it goes unnoticed and results in his own exile. Y'know, just in case another asexual character in literature or pop culture is welcome.
I don't think anybody in this thread is impressed by you sharing your self-indulgent cynicism with us though.
I love the title. Perfect sendup of Chaucer and possibly Dan Simmons.
My high school in Derbyshire has an arch that was built in the 1200s, and there's part of my old boarding house that incorporated an old tower from the 1000s. It's true that America is a country where 200 miles is a short drive and 200 years is a long time.
In case it's of interest, I finally statted this character up [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravenloft/comments/ff1wk5/gunther_von_morvenes_the_anvil_of_nartok).
Spare him his life from this warm sausage tea!
It's an election - how much could they cost? Ten dollars?
Another PBF meme that has entered internet lore: "weeaboo"
: pokerface : "Well... I understand that, and - and - we'll have a plan to work around and, uh... accommodate that. Yeah."
Oh, when love must die.
I think Reagan is already dead.
Check out the Three Body Problem trilogy of sci-fi books by Liu Cixin. A superweapon that can destroy a star is featured in one of the books, and it's actually one of the less frightening superweapons.
Edwards also was very careful during the iconic Vader scene to make sure that R1's Vader didn't display any powers that the OT hadn't already shown. He didn't have to pull any "but wait!" new unmentioned powers out of a bag just to show off how overpowered his version was. Instead, he was respectful of the source material and went all-out on grand execution. Vader in R1 is entirely consistent with how he is in the later films, power wise. It's the beautifully directed combat scene that makes Edwards' Mark on his legacy.
I like your analysis of Vader's more cautious, slow, careful combat against Obi-Wan in the immediate follow up film. R1 lent itself very well to that interpretation, in the careful space it occupied. In a way that, say, the sequel films don't.
And the winner is... Jason Bateman as Marty Byrde! ~~Jason Bateman~~ Marty Byrde: [*transfixed stare*] "Well... I understand that, and - and - we'll have a plan to work around and, uh... accommodate that. Yeah."
But have you seen Rimmer's study charts? Works of minor art, they are.
He blocks bolts from Han in ESB. Although you're right, sending them back is a little beyond the OT. Fan theory here (so definitely not canon): maybe Vader could have sent the bolts back, but didn't want to harm Solo and friends since he wanted captives. But in Rogue, he had no problems with all the rebels ending up dead? Just a theory, no claim to canon!
At least our leader accurately represents the populace. :/
This is also a main concern in many US states that have gun storage requirements. Especially if a minor gets ahold of the firearm and then uses it to commit mischief.
CYBERTRON IS THE VERY DEFINITION OF FAILURE
Historical question here: how come the soldiers often tilted their hats to one side? I've seen this with Wehrmacht photos as well, the officers sometimes wore their hats clearly tilted and asymmetrical. I wonder if it was a sort of "at ease" practice to show that you're no longer strictly formal.
A smiling fella
Is your roommate one of the Flight of the Conchords folk parody duo from New Zealand, perchance?
I feel like I can hear the cat yelling at me in Cantonese. "HHAAAAA? M'SIK GONG GONGDONGWAH MA??? NEI MO MAI YEHH!"
I once played this game and got a weird mission objective glitch. They kept telling me I was supposed to murder a tea kettle.
&gt; You can recognize a joke even if it offends you I feel like this statement is entirely true and is forcing me to reevaluate things in an uncomfortable mental frame.
I think this is actually a move in Street Fighter. Cammy White wraps her legs around your neck and does a handstand, throwing you to the ground.
It can happen to guys too. Source: am a guy who's left a sweat spot on chairs before.
What if somebody from the Chinese Communist Party urinates in it, then it would be the CCP-peed SEA pea sea.
That dog's eyes show such character and intelligence in the "older" photo. A good boy!
I don't understand why Helen's death was necessary or desirable though. I guess it could be a drug lord's whimsy, and in that sense it works fine stylistically. But I feel like I'd appreciate it more if it went beyond a stylistic flourish.
True he was a drug crazed Nazi transvestite, but we could have gone dancing.
&gt; The third requirement to "clear the neighborhood around its orbit" isn't technically true of the 8 planets that we have now, so I believe it is an impossible barrier to entry. If that's true, it feels inconsistent to demote Pluto from planet but let the others keep their planet status...
Question here. Schroeder had a wife, Doris (who had a very toothy smile). For some reason, I had seen her photo with the caption "Doris Dessing". But that wasn't ever her name, right? (Even accounting for prior marriages or maiden name.)
Maybe I just misremembered it. It's so strange how, twenty years after the turn of the century, there are some countries where the leadership hasn't really changed. In the same span of time when the US went through Clinton, Bush, Obama, and Trump, China went through Jiang, Hu, and Xi. Germany went through Schroeder and Merkel and France had Chirac, Sarkozy, Hollande, and Macron. And Russia and Turkey have had some very familiar faces almost the whole time...
