Did Flynn lie though? The FBI agents that interviewed him, as well as Director Comey didn't think he lied. Only the special council accused him of lying. It was like they wanted him to plea to something... Word's out that Mueller said if Flynn didn't fall on his sword he'd start investigating and go after his son and ruin his life too. Plus, Flynn was out of money and had to sell his house just to pay for the lawyers. Disgusting human beings to take a man who had given so much to our country and do that to him. So, why did Flynn lie? I bet he didn't. The Special Council needed to get someone though and that was what happened.
Tidespray is not selling well now cause so many expulsom shufflers, like DMF card/trinket makers are on hiatus. I mean hell, on my server the DMF trinkets are down to 2000g each, with the Fathoms at 15k. People are dumping hard. Buying up cheap now is not a bad idea because the price will likely go up in 8.1.
LOL until you drop your life-savings to invest in a new invention or something only to see a billion dollar company steal it 1 day later and market it for their own. A world without intellectual property rights would be insane, kill innovation, and allow mega corporations to never have competition against startups or from anywhere.
This is under the assumption that all inventions need to be "reverse engineered." Do you not know what intellectual property is? Let's say you write a book. Person steals your book and changes the names of the characters, publishes as their own under new title. Congratulations, they just stole your book in less than an hour, and because they had deals with publishing companies, everyone shuts you out, refuses to talk to you, and only publishes with this other guy who just stole from you. And in your world that's legal because intellectual property rights are not that important. Hrmmm....
ROFL this is hilarious
Just curious, how is this going to be possible if an organization pays for the advertisement? Won't there be lots of loopholes? For example, if someone in the US wants to buy a political advertisement, if they enacted this same law, then an organization established in the US would have to reveal they paid for it. Let's say, for example, the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation decided to make some political ads, which they very well could, legally, it would be impossible to really say X money came from wherever because governments and people all over the world have supported their organization and given them assistance. I am guessing that the UK doesn't make it illegal for non-profit organizations to speak up on politics right? Or do they? Is there no such thing as super PACs in the UK?
Should have done this years ago. Why was this not done this very year she was found guilty of destroying ballots? The lady is crooked.
Wow, this interviewer is bad lol. At least he wasn't an Acosta type, but omg, he had so many preconceived opinions and false info and Brad Pascale ran circles around him. Like, so many gotcha questions and Mr. Pascale just was amazing. Fantastic link. This is actually the first time I have ever seen this guy talk. Amazing!
Sinema is a hardcore Oscario Cortez like leftist. My McSally would at least vote for conservative justices, unlike Flake.
Mueller and several members of his staff have a very dubious history... How about how Mueller screwed up the Anthraxx case, lied to Congress when he said he had evidence and was 100% certain the first man they had was the anthraxx perp. Ruined the guy's life, his job, his family, and doubled down on it and hid exculpatory evidence when they learned they were wrong. [Hell, he was awarded nearly 6 million judgement against the FBI for their failures and negligence with public leaks and destroying his reputation](https://www.nytimes.com/2008/06/28/washington/28hatfill.html). Oh ya, that investigation cost the US government over 100 million dollars and they never discovered the perpetrator of it until after he died. How about how Mueller's FBI claimed they had evidence of Senator Ted Steven's committing a crime, and you know what Mueller did in the 2008 election in Alaska? He literally dropped charges on him 8 days before the election. Seriously, 8 days before the election. Guess what though, turns out Mueller hid exculpatory evidence. The guy was 100% innocent, they knew he was innocent, and they still dropped charges 8 days before the election, to which he ended up narrowly losing, in the 2008 election, and had his entire life upended, his character tarnished... [This got overturned just a few months later and some fall man attorneys were suspended for hiding evidence exonerating him](https://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/25/us/politics/2-prosecutors-in-case-of-senator-ted-stevens-are-suspended.html). Mueller did everything eh could to push for that prosecution and would have let the man rot in jail if it didn't come out that they had hid evidence. In fact, we only found out because in February 2009 [an FBI agent turned whistleblower on the whole coverup and hiding of evidence](https://www.nytimes.com/2009/02/11/us/politics/11stevens.html?rref=collection%2Ftimestopic%2FStevens%2C%20Ted&amp;action=click&amp;contentCollection=timestopics&amp;region=stream&amp;module=stream_unit&amp;version=latest&amp;contentPlacement=50&amp;pgtype=collection). It wasn't even until 2012 that a single person was even suspended... not even a single person fired! Oops! How about when Mueller went after that supposed Israeli spy ring in the US Department of Defense that turned out to not actually exist. Let's see, how about I quote [The Washington Post on it](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/08/09/AR2009080902092.html): &gt; The conspiracy case against two former AIPAC lobbyists came to an inglorious end in May when the government dropped all charges after 3 1/2 years of pre-trial maneuvers. &gt; It was a curious case: First, the lobbyists, Steve Rosen and Keith Weissman, were charged under an obscure section of the Espionage Act of 1917, a law that had been used only once before — unsuccessfully and never against private citizens for disclosing classified information. Second, they were targets of a bizarre sting in which they were fed false information suggesting that the lives of U.S. and Israeli operatives in Iraq were at risk and that American officials were refusing to take steps to protect them. The accusation was not that they brokered this information to some foreign enemy but that they offered it to everybody they could, hoping, among other things, to get a reporter from The Post to publish it so that it might draw the attention of the right U.S. officials and save U.S. lives. In short, even if the two were guilty as charged, they look more like whistle-blowers than spies. Damn, Mueller went after whistleblowers, prosecuted them, charged them, and it ended up getting thrown out of court 3 and a half year later. How about when Mueller was a part of the [spying on AP reporters](https://slate.com/technology/2013/05/ap-reporters-allegedly-spied-on-by-the-justice-department-aren-t-alone.html) on behalf of the Obama administration? Or, how he spied on the [Fox News reporter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gE9C9HFcWjA) on behalf of the Obama administration as well? You should probably read about all the convictions overturned by Mueller's lead on the special council, [Andrew Weissmann](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/oct/22/christopher-wray-robert-muellers-top-prosecutor-kn/). This is only the peak of the iceberg of all the members of the special council. These are not decent, politically neutral people. This is a political hit-team and always has been.
Seriously... from Vanilla &gt; TBC &gt; WOTLK all if felt like to me is they were adding a new spell or 2. In some cases they revamped, but the vast majority of the classes was just an evolution of the class, not a complete rewrite of it and being forced to re-learn it. Your rotation didn't change too much, the class mechanics weren't abandoned. There felt like decent evolution and progression. I get why they had to hold back on the spell bloat after a bit, and maybe do some pruning, but it got to the point where now every expansion they feel the need to rewrite everything. I can't imagine how much of a pain this is for even their own class designers having to abandon all progrss and rebalance from square one again. What I want to know is who is the class design lead and why is he still there? Move him to a different area.
They've been saying this since the 1960s... They just keep pushing the doomsday clock back a few more years every time the prediction turns out incorrect. Do we have legitimate evidence that climate change is the collapse of civilization? It seems like so much climate change news is more shock and awe to scare people to get on board with it, whilst little practical stuff is doing anything to change it. They want us to eat less meat and run on solar and do X, Y, and Z, yet China increased their carbon footprint by 30% just from 2016 to 2017. Hell, the ocean's are getting polluted, yet here we are in the US banning plastic straws, when 90% of the ocean litter is coming from just 10 rivers, all of which are from the Asian and African region. So, until you take care of how the 3rd world is polluting things, nothing will change. If every American started driving an electric vehicle to morrow instead of a petroleum one, it would be a blip on the radar compared to global pollution.
Imagine now if General Flynn comes out and withdraws his plea and joins up stating that they forced him to plea to false allegations to protect his son, even though he knew he didn't lie, and the FBI agents who interviewed him didn't think he lied either.
Ya, I was thinking the same thing. Why does she talk like a teenage California girl with a wimpy soft voice? I really hope this isn't some Mary Sue type character arc where she just magically has powers BECAUSE. I hate stories like that. I honestly am really flat on this movie so far. I don't get it. I don't get where it belongs in the universe. I don't get why they decided of ALL the comic books, they needed to do Captain Marvel. Let me explain why it is weird... the history of Captain Marvel is that it is more a title than an actual person. There was 7 different Captain Marvels from 1967 (Stan Lee's first introduction of the character) until now, both male and female characters, though Stan Lee's creation was first male. It sold bad, and fell apart rather quickly, but to keep up their copyright they published 1 new comic every 2 years. In 1982 they revamped the character, turned her female, gave her new abilities and so on... This character eventually becomes head of the Avengers for a while, but eventually cedes the Captain Marvel title to the son of the original 1967 Stan Lee Captain Marvel character... and so on. The comics NEVER did that well. They tried and tried, but Captain Marvel was never a huge hit. So, here is the thing. This version for the movie is the Carol Danvers version of Captain Marvel. Carol Danvers is the character name of the the female sidekick, Ms. Marvel, to Captain Marvel. Apparently in 2012 they announced that Ms. Danvers was going to take up the mantle of Captain Marvel, which I am guessing is probably when they started prepping the committees to make a Captain Marvel movie with a female lead. I just don't get why though. Carol Danvers was never a major character of the Marvel Universe, let alone a lead? How much you wanna bet that 2012 push to make her Captain Marvel was absolutely part of long-term plans for a female lead super hero film? I hope they can make this interesting, I just don't get that of ALL the interesting Marvel characters out there untouched yet by the cinematic universe, they chose Captain Marvel. To make it worse, the trailer even made her look like a Mary Sue who is instantly going to be good at everything because she used to be a female fighter pilot before she lost her memory. I just don't get it... I can hope, I guess I am just not excited about it. I never thought the Captain Marvel story was ever all that compelling.
Ya, Black Panther was a great film... except for the final battle where I fell asleep. The CGI rhinos were bad... Completely unnecessary too, imo.
Ya, on avg you get 1.5 Linen back, so it's technically roughly 8.5 X 6 = 51 Linen per expulsom. 10g for Linen seems so high though... They are going for 3-4g right now on my high pop server.
Ya, I make decks. I have scrapped approximately 50,000 items so far, and milled something like 300,000+ Winter's kiss. I also hate my life, hate WOW, hate the expulsom shuffle which I spend 2-3hrs every day doing... but the gold grind is for real here!
This is just pure fan fiction here. There is no way anything you said happens.
As much as I despise Joy Behar, Whoopi Goldberg is actually the worst person on that show. Megan McCain is a RINO anyway. I got to occasionally listen in on her terrible radio show occasionally when it was broadcast in Arizona in the evenings, mostly because I was trying to gauge where McCain's daughter stood in politics. This was 3 or 4 years ago. It was pretty much like listening to a lame Democrat talk show with 90% Democrat talking points, and the only thing she would occasionally do is defend her dad's actions, and to her credit, she never bad-mouthed Republicans like Dems do, but that was probably because she was trying to claim them for her listening audience. It was cringey though, out of touch. What needs to happen is the show just needs to die. But hey, people are still tuning in... it's still making money, so it won't happen. I just have a hard time believing there are that many stay at home women who watch the show and enjoy it.
Ya, seriously... this one is so wtf to me.
Titanforging absolutely destroys and ruins the fun of upgrading gear because you may finally get that piece you want, but it's kind of depressing because it didn't upgrade.Or, it upgraded to stats that are bad for your class. Rather than it being a "bonus" it just turned into RNG mess. If Blizz REALLY wanted to improve gear, allow it to titanforge still, but allow the player to choose which stat they want to get, kind of like reforging, but more like you can choose your stat priority. Something. Right now the RNG on top of RNG is making a paid game feel like a crap mobile game's gimmicky mechanics.
There's a difference between having different political opinions and the constant harassment of the opposing side as well. His wife represents the President. He is constantly calling for Trump's arrest and repeated accusations of collusion with Russian and disrespecting constantly his wife's employer. It's no longer about different opinions now. Eric Trump is right. This is extremely disrespectful of his wife. By proxy he is undermining her and calling her stupid for helping what he says is a treasonous President... That's not just political criticism. Something is going to break here with Conway or else I'll start to believe she is ok with the criticisms.
It really depends how they handle the origin story and character and how the lead carries the role. Captain Marvel was never all that popular of a character in the comics, and was even more a title than a person, that would be passed on, hence it was played by several different men and women over the decades. The ultimate problem though is the character was never all that compelling. I have a hard time buying they somehow make Ms. Danvers' story line all that compelling. I mean hell, they only turned her into Captain Marvel in the 2012 comic, and all she ever was was a sidekick that was not especially remarkable. It's like they were really trying hard to force this character to be the a female super hero lead or something, not because the character itself is great. It's just my opinion, but I have my expectations tapered for the film. I don't think we're getting a powerful lead like Wonder Woman was.
The ironic thing of this all is that literally nothing is going to happen to Trump. Unless you get 20 Republican Senators to turn on Trump, which you won't, so people that think Trump is going to jail or is going to be impeached should really temper their hopes. Also, this whole thing is being made to be a massive blow. Remember, it is only a big blow if Trump actually did something illegal amd Flynn knew about it. Him setting up comms with Russian in a transition is not only not illegal, it's par for the course. He only is accused of lying about some things he talked about, of which none of which was also illegal. Even more ironic is the FBI agents that interviewed him did not believe he lied. but it seems that Mueller is having him fall on his sword to protect his son from prosecution... prosecution for failing to register as a foreign agent. of which Hillary Clinton's own campaign manager Podesta failed to do, and almost no one ever gets prosecuted for as they usually just ask you to fill out the paperwork when they find you unregistered. So, what exactly is the smoking gun? I think people are really hyping this like it is the end for Trump and I am really certain that you need to temper your expectations.
About 30 missing from the list from Mexico.
So all other journalists that release classified info don't have political agendas? ROFL. Are you going to claim that it's only illegal if they have a political agenda as well? Assange is being singled out because his leaks hurt Hillary. He was a hero when his leaks hurt Bush. Obama conveniently blamed Bush for all the Assange leaks in his administration by trying to claim it was all stuff put into motion before her got there, which is mostly BS. Assange is a scapegoat. He's a journalist and he is being railroaded by big government and people are mad at him because of Hillary so they are accepting the CIA propaganda against him.
I've seen these handed out at parties before as like a party favor, but never where they required all to bring one. It makes me think the whole thing is a fake kharma farm troll post because no one can reasonably want these at their wedding on top of $1000 outfits.
Graham will quickly re-bury himself, don't worry. Never trust him.
Definitely excited about this. I am glad Angelica Hale gets another chance because she is so good for her age. I feel like Shin Lim even being in this competition is almost like cheating, he is just so good lol.
I used to live in South Africa. There was a saying... "Women are like monkeys. They don't let go of one branch until they have a hold of another." While this is not universally true, it is often true enough.
Can confirm. I did this on an 85 Civic that had 250k miles on it. I thought it was dying anyway and bought the car for 300 bucks just to get around, but 6 months in and boom, smoke smoke and smoke! I just drove it home expecting it to be dead... Oh well, I thought. Well, after it all cooled down I took a look and sure enough, source of the original smoke was a split hose that Costs 10 bucks and maybe 10 minutes to change. Instead, because I drove it red lining for the next 6 or 7 miles, it completely warped the head and totaled it. I probably could've gotten an extra 6 months or a year on that little car if I just pulled over and checked.
Impressive, at the MTV awards he tells them that they have souls, God is real, they are loved, that Jesus bled for their sins, and that there is grace. Holy crap, that is really impressive and ballsy he did that. You don't do something like that without being a true believer. Really cool he hasn't lost himself in Hollywood. Good guy.
WTF, no wonder he would be upset... Miracle whip, or something like it, in pasta!? Awful... that's just awful lol
Seriously... just because you might have the games, or are not interested in them, doesn't mean it doesn't have value. This was one of the best months ever in total game value for 12 bucks. I am really blown away by how good it was. Can't make everyone happy though.
I really like this song. Music video is ok. They are a small band, so they have to do what they can within their budget. This was done well for that. With that being said, I hope that if they find some success they revisit this. This song has serious meaning behind it and what would make this music video very powerful is one that played out with actors who had a family seeing their mother recovering, or really, not recovering... and the stages of grief and acceptance she is helping their children go through. Otherwise, this is a really good song. I am definitely going to support them and buy their album on the 14th.
Still trying to see how it is a campaign contribution. Cohen paid it, at Trump's direction, and was reimbursed, thus it wasn't a campaign contribution, and if it was not a campaign, the same thing would have happened, as it seems Trump has paid women before. In fact, paying off former lovers is pretty common in the world of the rich and elite. The catch here is I think Stormy Daniels made up the whole affair though. She has still, to this day, never brought any proof of an affair. Hell, her own account is she hooked up with him one time. Thus, one time they hooked up is hardly an "affair" either. She's just an evil money grabber willing to sacrifice the health of this country to do so. It's all fake news and people trying to create a fake crime.
Ah so this is a thing? I always became a one shot stealth archer lol. Didn't realize it wa so common, but I get why.
Put them on a salary, make their job description more expanded. This guy is a douche though. People that are willing to do that are the ones you promote internally. It seems he is looking for and expecting all people to do it? Really lame.
Pretty common in Southern Arizona on a joint-lease with a roommate. You'd actually get a better deal doing a single lease with a friend, you can get a decent 2 bedroom for $650 w/utilities here, thus each roommate just has to drop 325. I see a lot of guys even cram 4 people into these places. Depends on the company though, they might not approve that, and a single lease is risky if one person wants to bounce.
Ok, I have only ever seen the Director's cut. You are telling me the sentry guns was not in the film? That was one of the best scenes... seeing the bullet ammo drop to zero... then the second scene the aliens retreat without realizing the gun only has 10 bullets left, buying the team some time. That extra time they had really made the movie have a "hurry up" feel, like you were literally thinking in your head, "keep moving, keep moving, go faster, you have a few minutes now but not for long!" I feel like it really upped the tension in that moment. I am really surprised to hear that wasn't in the original cut.
It's a classic, imo, because not only was the duo great, but many of the comedic "gags" had not really been done before. It was actually quite original, and with the good casting, it was pulled off flawlessly. Ultimately, that is why I think it is a timeless classic compared to say, the horrendously bad sequel which was not just unoriginal, but ended up re-using several of the same gags from the first film out of an attempt to pull on the nostalgia strings? The first movie is absolutely wonderful and I make a point to watch it at least once a year.
And most PhD mathematicians that I know write code use single character variable names that are impossible to follow, the first 3 always being x,y, and z. From there they seem to use what seems to be a random combination of letters with a random combination of capitalizing or not.
I feel like the catfish I ever caught and ate just tasted like mud. It was barely better than eating carp. They are a fun fish to catch and reel in, but I just throw them back now.
To even get your CNA certification is a single 1 semester course, which you can even take rushed, like an 8 week course. Do some people not understand how license requirements are required by law?
For me, the first 3D game I played was [Wing Commander II](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJB6hhYUmUo), which was essentially a cool space opera. I think it came out in 1991. It was astonishing at the time. It was such an amazing game. I was 9 years old when I first played it and it blew me away. Of course, only some aspects of the game were actually 3D. And, even the flying only gave the impression of being 3D when really it was a 2D plane of sprites that adjusted. Not really true 3D like some of the cutscenes. The next few years were quite amazing, with the introduction of the FPS genre with Wolfenstein 3D, then Doom, and then soon Doom II. Hell, Duke Nukem 3D made a huge splash, descent, and so many others. What really changed my life in terms of gaming for me was none other than Quake. It was the first FPS game that truly introduced a true "mouse-look" keyboard/mouse combo control. It was also a phenomenal game with amazing graphics and texture and shadow work. While I was a big console guy on the NES and SNES, this was when I first realized how superior gaming was on the PC. It was also, I think, the first FPS game that really had a fully 3D world and character models, with copious amounts of gore. Ultimately though, PC gaming started getting very expensive, so I fell from it for a bit and fell back to consoles, but WOW, I still think back on Wing Commander II and how amazing it was back in the day.
Care to explain something illegal about checking your phone at a red light? We don't even have any anti-texting laws while driving where I live, and most are at least cautious enough to avoid that. Checking at red light is what everyone is doing.
I think the more accurate statement is first real explorable FPS 3D world. There were plenty of other "3D" games dating all the way back into the 1980s. Anyway, almost nothing was ever truly 3D in those days. Everything was always really just 2.5D, where the world and the walls and so on would be 3D, but the characters in it would be 2D, because having a big snarling beast in 3D was just not yet feasible. Quake was the first full 3D FPS game (though there were some others on Sega Saturn/PSX/N64 as well, but not FPS genre yet). One of the reasons I never understood the hype over Goldeneye on the N64 was because of how superior Quake was on the PC. The single player campaign was definitely neat though.
Scientist here. I dropped out of grad. school and never got my PhD. It was worth it. Academics is a toxic world. it's also a wonderful world. But, I got tired of making only a $22500 a year stipend whilst working 60+ hours a week just to get my name occassionally added to a research paper. Writing up grant requests sucks and you have to do it every year. The pressure to publish anything at all is enormous. If you don't you can even be removed from your program. You might have wonderful work, but if you don't have a decent journal willing to publish it it doesn't matter, so while in real science the strategy is to disprove the hypothesis, you often do a lot of good contributing scientific research that helps save the world of scientists a lot of time by showing what they can save time avoiding. No one wants to publish that though. They only want to publish discoveries that you could not disprove. I make much more money, have great hours, great job, a home, full benefits, a wife and kids living where I want to live. I'd barely be an associate professor at this point, slaving away in a city I probably don't want to be in, taking any job I could if I stuck with it. I know so many people with PhDs that did the whole thing that were brilliant people that never landed coveted teaching positions, where you got your own lab. It is a brutal, cut-throat world in Academics and you are going to be slaving away til your 40s to establish yourself, and that's only if you started on time right out of high school. Don't get me wrong, it's not the worst career path, but it is a job that is 80% about "How can I get funded," 10% about the research, and another 10% about teaching. This is what surprised me the most and why I realized I needed a change from the academic world to the private sector.
"Impressions" is a fake marketing buzzword to sell to advertisers. If it showed up on someone's screen, even if they never noticed it, clicked on it, or anything, it counts as an "impression." lol Actually clickthrough on impressions is insanely low, something like 1/1000. They'd be lucky if they had 500-1000 people even notice it. Now try changing the political view of those people who clicked it... It's total BS is all it is. You aren't going anywhere with $4700.
Seriously, I made my own equipment, and I get maybe 1 mission returned with items in a week that is worth 100g max. The equipment was about 25,000g to craft in mats value. At this rate I might break even in 5 years... or by the time Patch 11.0 comes out. Whoever was in charge of profession design this expansion absolutely dropped the ball in so many areas.
It's per 2 weeks now, but still.
Demand is always low on something people aren't thinking about. No one is thinking about it on patch 8.1 day. To really make the most of this in terms of selling quicker, you will need to advertise, otherwise you will be waiting a while for a buyer.
I mean, paying hush money to extortionists who are willing to smear you, even if it is not true, is not exactly uncommon. If it can be extremely damaging, they of course would be willing to pay the person to stay quiet.
This is not really accurate. 538 has a TON of opinion articles. It is not just a statistical math reading. That is only one aspect of their site. Also, polls can be shaped and framed and constructed in very specific ways to present the data in a more palpable way for the audience they are doing it for.
Ya... I replaced all to LED 2 years back. It was about 40 strands total, so not a ton, but it cost me about 250 ~~~~dollars to make the transition. Here is the thing, I was up maybe 50 bucks a month each Christmas (so 75 total extra cost in the time I have em up). I don't even see a bump with my LEDs. I am guess maybe 5 bucks. So, I keep the lights up usually about 6 weeks total, depending on when Thanksgiving lands, so I will get my ROI in little over 3 years. I hope my lights last me another season, but this is my 3rd season with them and the only bulbs that have broken are the ones I've accidentally stepped on. Still just as good as day 1. Also one REALLY nice and less often spoken thing about LEDs is that you can seriously strand like 30 LED strings together before the fuse would overload on a single strand. With older incandescent lights you better do 5-6 max or one of em will blow and you'll find yourself constantly changing fuses. This also caused me to have a ton of these little extension cables. With the LEDs I can do nearly my entire house from a single outlet and 1 extension cord to the start of the line. It's really amazing.
Demand will drop, but ya, expect price to at least rise to makeup for the lack of 4 people buying... might stabilize 100-150k range would be my guess
I think "The Articles of Faith" by Talmage is a far more approachable book for someone interested in Faith and religion in general.
I keep saying this... how is it even a campaign finance violation for Trump to spend his own money on paying off a mistress? If Trump wanted to write a check to his campaign for a billion dollars he could. Trump doesn't even need to report this because he would have literally paid this woman off even if there was no campaign, just in his normal life. A lot of rich people do it fairly frequently. They all know it too. This is not even about an actual legal case. This is trying to create a cloud of impropriety to make Trump unelectable. They know it will never survive in court, but they also know that just the accusations alone can be damaging, and that is their real goal. This is 100% about GET TRUMP and smear him at all costs, 2020. It's not about justice. This is why I am convinced the Democrats behind this push are absolutely evil. It is also why I think Mueller is a bad person. I think he might be an evil person. He was 100% ok with ruining innocent people's lives, and he has done it all throughout his career. Look at Flynn. He doesn't care. He wants Trump at all costs. He will destroy a 33yr old American war hero's life if he has to, if it means even just smearing Trump and collecting his big salaried paycheck longer. The prosecutors in the southern district of New York are over-stepping their bounds. This is why we sent Trump there and the snakes are fighting back. I have no doubt Trump will prevail against them.
Err ya, that is correct, Memory slightly off. I knew the FBI agent and coaching for polygraph were in there somehow :D
Too bad this was the worst Predator film of the entire movie collection.
I still think Sean Astin got robbed on not even being nominated for Best supporting actor. The reality though is the Academy needed to make sure LOTR didn't break the old record, only tied with it, so they couldn't nominate it for too much, even though it deserved it.
Uh oh, someone's F'd now
I actually prefer swiss colony. Better price too
Service works industry jobs and retail will never change and lessen. He is only referring to salary and generally white collar jobs. Your repair garages with mechanics aren't able to fix your cars magically faster because computers. Someone still needs to l faster, thus the 9(8) to 5 world won't change for them. People have been saying this for ages. How about Mr BILLIONAIRE Branson lead his company by example and kickstart it
If that were the case, then why did Cohen apparently record all his clients? It was leaked that he recorded many client.
I bought an FBI sweatshirt once for some reason. I got it off ebay. Just a gray sweatshirt with big blue FBI letters on the front, that was it. Now, I was pretty fit, in my mid-20s, and dressed well generally, so not sure if everyone can pull this off, but I remember going into a Circle K and buying some hot chocolate or something, and I was getting ready to pay and the cashier goes, "Naw man, you're good." Like he respected FBI status. I honestly was too much on the spot to say it's just a sweatshirt and just said thanks and walked out lol.
Developer ego is the biggest thing I hate in the industry. This goes both ways though. There is the dev ego where they are set in their ways and don't want things to change and look at it a different way, and then there is the dev ego of the self-proclaimed coding geniuses who know best on literally everything and make it a point to tell you why their way is superior, even if that is questionable. If you don't accept their BEST superior methodology, you are not as pure a programmer as them. I've met those types too. Sometimes they are right. Sometimes they just want everyone to see how "smart" they are. Kind of reminds me back in class back in the day when people would raise their hands to ask a question, but not because they wanted an answer, they just wanted the professor and everyone in the classroom to see how smart they are.
I think ultimately the problem is that sometimes the government repackages things with a buzzword name but it's not what it means. "Net neutrality" in principle sounds good. Often the government says, "We are passing a net neutrality bill, and in it we are going to regulate the internet!" Basically, it becomes NON-net neutrality because they start becoming an internet regulator, under the guise of saying they are making a law to free the internet. The real problem, imo, is the government allowed monopolies/oligopolies where they give companies the right to be the only provider in an area under the promise that they will build X infrastructure funded by tax payers... What has happened though is the agreements were so shitty that the companies never had to be accountable after receiving billions. This is why I never trust the government to handle his.
Whenever I do this I am always disappointed. Just stop waiting for the next upgrade and you'll be much happier.
Ya, I was gonna say I bet she was trying to exchange for cash or credit.
Managing the Instagram is usually grunt work. Not doorman grunt work, but you are probably at the bottom of the tier. This isn't always true but rarely have I seen cons hire professional marketing people to manage their social media so it's usually dropped in someone's lap. The exception is some directors are social media control freaks and want to do everything themselves. That is not happening here. Usually someone claims to be good at it who might be a low level, but still in the know, and person will be given the task. I guarantee this person is trying to make himself seem more important by getting you to come but doesn't have any actual official power and is not even mid tier management. GL!
Yup... I went from 80 mbps top from one provider to where I now have 3 local options. Cox cable 300 or 1Gbps line, Century link 300(90 per month), though supposedly 1Gbps next year (55 per month), or wireless 4g unlimited at 80 per month. Guess who I chose? It's amazing how the other competitors are trying to bend over backwards with offers to get my business right now as none of them require contracts. None of them dare limit the internet last they lose to competition.
My problem with this is mainly it is taken from the context and the lens of the sphere you live in, the 1st world, likely the US, which accounts for a whopping 4% of the world population. Having served my mission overseas, in Africa, the idea of a family dynamic degrading is completely the opposite. There wasn't much of a family dynamic previously, and culturally you had essentially legal rape, indentured servitude, zero morality, female genital mutilation and the regular practice of "witchcraft." All of those things are decreasing and the importance of the family unit is actually catching on, becoming realized, creeping into their culture. If you are talking about the western world, particularly the US, then I somewhat agree. I think some things are getting better though overall though.
He'll just say he can't recall
I hope this is true. 1080Tis for clearance prices would be awesome right about now.
Any company with "secret" metrics on how they score you you should never work for. If they give you clear, understandable objectives, great. If they rank you and not even give a real explanation as to how, get out of that company. That's insane.
Fair enough. Even the 1080 GTX is a solid card.
Side note... new US Chief of Staff is pro Marijuana legalization too. Trump has expressed he supports letting states legalize it as well prior. Jeff Sessions was the hardcore anti-magajuana dude. 2019 might be an interesting year.
Can you explain why Mulvaney is?
This is first I've heard of it. Wow.
I mean, to say this isn't "spin" at all and just a clean reading of facts, when zero context is given is the very definition of spin.
I honestly had no idea Rocket League was that popular. Over 22 million just on the PS4? Wow...
And if you eliminate 2/3 of the deaths which are listed by suicide, and you eliminate gang on gang violence, then I wonder what the real metric is for non urban communities.
In many countries there is no plea system because of this exact reason... Since there is in the US it encourages prosecutors to charge you with a million things and scare you to get the conviction.
Sullivan is a Clinton appointee. I don't trust him.
All the news about Sullivan being one of the good judges is fake news. The media is trying very hard to make Sullivan seem non-partisan, and anti-government corruption and all this crap. IT'S FAKE NEWS!!! Sullivan is a hardcore Bill Clinton leftist appointed judge. I am not saying he is never right in some judgements. Just don't hold your breath. This guy is playing up to sound objective and impartial, but if Flynn was charged with treason this guy would probably happily convict him of such ridiculous charges. Don't give your hopes up. The deep state leftist cabal is not going to allow this to be dismissed.
Arizonan here. I don't mind McSally. I still am VERY weirded out by the questionable election results out of Maricopa County that seemed to defy explanation how the unpopular Governor wins by hundreds of thousands of votes with all those votes appearing for the Senate for the Democrat. With that being said, she ran a horrible McCain. Like McCain before her, she hired all of McCain's former campaign people, the same ones he used in the 2008 election that have been hanging around forever. The campaign she ran was absolutely horrendous. I never heard hardly any ads talking about her being in the Air Force, a pilot and all this stuff like this about being a patriot and so on. Nope, all of her campaign ads were either attacking Sinema OR they were like "Don't you want the first female fighter pilot that saw combat to be Senator?" and stuff like that. The whole "First female" crap was just annoying because from where I sit, most conservatives don't care if you are a female or a male, we just care if you are a patriot with good policies. Overall, it was a poorly run campaign, imo. I really hope she doesn't end up running another terrible campaign in 2020 and she gets new people.
If you are like me and not necessarily a big "gamer," then I think Detroit Become Human on the PS4 is pretty much the best "Walking simulator" genre game of all time. Best game of the year to me.
Definitely a very good routine. A bit less dramatic than say, Shin Lim, but this kid is good. Thanks for linking. Never heard of him before. Really, really good performance here.
Wow... Origin and Maingear, massive props! Everyone else.... hrmm Special embarrassing and cringe shout-out to iBuyPower.
Lawyer fees to my parents was about $7500. Personally? It took me over 3 years to finally get it expunged from my records, which is what I had to do on my own, as if I wanted to fill out a job application, every time they asked "Have you ever been arrested before?" It would come up on my record. Took a lawyer I hired and about $2000 later to get that resolved, and they only fully expunged it because it was completely dismissed by the judge. So, expense to my family was roughly 10k+ other misc. hardship side-effects. Absolutely ridiculous.
With exception of my current company who only asked about convictions, I have been asked about arrests on every job application. This includes a federal government job I had back in 2010 to 2013.
A job can ask whatever they want, for the most part, with some minor exceptions in regards to discrimination they cannot ask. They can ask you if you were arrested as well. In fact, aside from my current job which didn't ask that, every job in my past I have worked has asked, "Have you ever been arrested?" This includes when I worked for the US Federal government, in 2010. So yes, many people do ask if you have ever been arrested, not just convicted.
Ya, but now apparently Reddit is pro American foreign intervention and endless war because Trump is the one that wants to pull the troops out...
Even if Trump shuts down the government, it's too late... The Democrats will just hold out for 2 weeks for when they take the majority, and at that point there is no chance in hell the wall ever gets built. There will be no compromises or concessions because unlike Republicans, the Democrats never concede on anything. I blame Congress and Paul Ryan, number one, for not getting this done, but Trump is not innocent either for he also did not forcing the message and beat the drums. It's too late. The Democrats got their victory again. I seriously despise the GOP. I voted for change with Trump because he was NOT a true establishment Republican. Now, it's too late. No guarantees he stays in office in 2020 or Republicans take back the House. I feel like the Hispanic population complaining to Obama on how he didn't focus on immigration when they had a super majority for 2 years and then lost all that power. Now, here we are, complaining the Republicans still didn't do anything for 2 years in immigration, even though we had control of all 3. F the GOP. F Paul Ryan.
I had someone do this to me once on an old engine block I was selling for 200 bucks. He shows up with 2 buddies ready to go to lift it into the bed of his truck. I even offered we could use my cherry picker to do it. He then hands me the cash and goes, "All I could come up with is $150. Ok?" I was freakin pissed. I swear this happens all the time with people. So, I politely said I didn't want to sell it then. He played up like he had no more cash and he just wanted to take it off my hands. Finally he pretended to ask his friend for cash and get it from his friend but it was so obvious he was pulling it from his own pocket with his back turned to me talking to them. He then magically came up with the full asking amount. I found the whole thing quite rude.
I guarantee at least 2 or 3 % is internal employee theft
Maybe because one of the killers so far detained is a member of an ISIS faction in Morocco, and the other 3 suspected murders are all members of this radical Islamic group known for killing and beheading people on behalf of their religion.
Well, the person they arrested is a member of an ISIS faction in Morocco, so it while what you say may be true, we cannot discount terror and religious motives. I'd also say the dead ringer is in the video one of them says, in Arabic, "These are your heads kuffar/enemies of Allah."
Eh, in the execution video the guy calls them the "Enemy of Allah." This is a religiously/terrorist motivated attack. You had 4 men involved from what it looks like. The first person they have arrested from the video so far is a member of a radical ISIS faction in Morocco. I suspect this is not just some random rape attack.
Wait, so this is Hellboy, Marvel edition, or something now? There were so many witty one-liners and joke quips in this trailer I kind of lost interest. Hellboy's tone just seems so off to me...
So, what happens is all I want is the 3 helm xmogs, and I already have all the mounts/pets -- do I get keys or something I can give to another, or is it just basically I am paying to unlock what I don't already have? Cause that would be lame :D
Ah ok, I was looking at battle.net, and not logged in, the price changed as soon as I logged in to $11.10 just for the 3 helms.
I have a serious question... who is the director? Who is the story director? I see they hired a lot of big talent to do voice work, but anyone can do that. You need good talent to come in and have professional cohesive character arcs, planned building, and solid overall vision and direction. Who is leading the creative storytelling and character development side of this game? This is important if it is not going to just turn into a generic and cheesy game space opera.
Only retired because it was BOE...
So Reddit likes US foreign intervention and endless war in the Middle East now?
He is resigning in February.
Considering how much people on Reddit and the media were complaining about Trump for not invading North Korea and instead trying to diplomatically solve it, I realized that Orange Man Bad is the only thing going through many people's brains.
Yup. I have a friend who has been deployed 9 times now as an Army Ranger. I remember him telling me 10 years ago why we would never leave Afghanistan, and I thought it was crazy because we had *only* been there 7 years and surely things would be wrapping up soon. Hell, even Obama was campaigning on ending the endless war and he seemed like a sure win, which he was. 10 years later... still there. You know what he told me why he knew? He said if it's time to eat soldiers don't cook for soldiers anymore, it's contractors. He goes up, grabs a plate of food, the contractor that hands him the plate charges the US government 14 bucks. If he goes back for more food that's fine, the contractor just noted it and charges another 14 bucks (remember, these are 2008 numbers when he told me this). And he goes, "All the contractors are making billions off the war. No one is going to dare stop that gravy train. That's why we'll never leave now." I was skeptical, thought he was just jaded over the war with him being so integrated. Hr was completely right though... 10 years later.
Exactly.
I'll believe it when I see it... They might be forced to now with Whitaker. but every month they have had made up fake dates reported over the last year
Ok, but a private health insurance is just going to pay for the costs. They aren't going to stop you from taking your kid to another hospital if you want to, or to self-pay. This family had raised money to [pay for all treatments themselves and were welcomed into Italy, but were refused not only by the UK government from taking their child to another country, they were refused to even be allowed to take their child home and the courts mandated life support be removed at the hospital and the child to die there](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/04/28/alfie-evans-dies-long-running-legal-battle/). I'd say the case of Alfie Evans is a perfect example of where the government has removed the rights of the parents because the "government knows best."
Rofl, about time.
This is an insane value... I seriously LOVE my humble monthly. I pause it on occasion, and literally every single time I've paused it, except for once, I was disappointed with myself once I see the games lol.
Genetic/computational biologist here (and software dev). If she had pancreatic cancer before and now she had lung, it is extremely likely it is pancreatic that has metastesized elsewhere. If she under went the whipple procedure there is a chance there was some miscontainment of the full cancer. Pancreatic cancer almost always spreads to the lungs. If true, this is a bad sign, as in stage IV, less than 6 months left bad, maybe even less than 2 months. I find it very odd them saying they caught it and cut it out of the lungs and she is good. Almost all cancers found in the lungs have metastasized there.
The ultimate problem is the accumulation of so many things in such a short period of time that have gone wrong with Blizzard. This many failures is a sign that something else at the top might be a problem. You see, Blizzard has made mistakes in the past. They've released expansions that felt short on content. They've had massive content gaps... but something is different this time. You see, BFA is about the least polished expansion they've ever had. I couldn't believe the absolute state of how messy it was. I am a developer myself and just looking at all the unfinished code that was simply commented out the day the expansion released[from their own UI modules/addons](https://github.com/tomrus88/BlizzardInterfaceCode) was kind of astonishing (slightly improved, but very slow process). But most importantly, it was the overall lack of polish, the feeling that it was all rushed. Omg, even the guild/community interface integration to this day is still buggy as hell and the user experience has never been cleaned up. There's so many things that feel unpolished. There's always been bugs. You can't get them all. There's always unpredictable things. It's just this time, there were SO SO SO many unpolished things, broken things, unfinished things, and they still launched the game. This felt unreal to me. Has Blizzard ever been the kind of company that just launched to hit a deadline, or were they the company that launched "when the game is ready?" Who was the one that greenlit this buggy mess? On top of it all, it felt like constructive criticism has fallen on deaf ears. There's a reason the whole "fun detected" meme has come out, because there's some partial truth to it. There are SO many things in BFA in regards to even just overall gameplay decisions that Blizz has stated previously they would NEVER do and even trolled other MMOs for doing it, like putting everything on the GCD. WOW is just a prime example. The thing that really confirmed Blizz had lost touch though was Blizzcon and the Diablo disaster. Ok, mobile games are ok, but people do not prefer to play mobile games over desktop games. They are nice side distractions, time sinks, and convenience games. No one is going to spend 200 bucks and fly across the country for mobile gaming. I don't care if Valve announces Half-Life 3. If they tell everyone they are going to do it a mobile gaming convention, for 200 bucks a ticket, no one's gonna show beyond the reporters. Imagine if they announced HL3 as a mobile game... You see how that would make people unhappy Blizz? Great, mobile gaming is already... don't think that's what people really care about or want. It can be a bonus, but not the feature attraction. They made it sound like we were supposed to care as much about the mobile game announcement as we would if Diablo 4 got announced. They are out of their minds. Also, mobile gaming SUCKS. The modern business model of mobile gaming is to create artificially long time-sinks to encourage in-app purchases. They encourage long grinds. The push powerups and boosts for RL money. They have daily limits on how much you can play or lives. Nothing about this model is "fun," but gamers understand and tolerate it because they know they are getting it for free. But, it doesn't mean we are going to put that game into one of the best games of the year category. This is what people fear. This is why no one gets excited about mobile gaming. Very few native mobile games do not have these whale-hunting, pay to win, gambling features, and it seems that Blizz is just gonna lower their standards to jump on the gravy train that preys on people with addictive personalities. If Blizz came out and said they were bucking the modern trend in gaming and they were going to sell native mobile games with zero adds and zero time-restrictive limits, no random loot boxes you can buy, and no daily login gambling mechanics, for a flat rate, I think people might be ok with the mention, as a side game. Hell, they can still have in-all, just keep it cosmetic, like Counter-Strike. Fine! Instead, they didn't even give us that, and insulted everyone that is a Diablo fan that paid 200 dollars to go to Blizzcon under the knowledge a Diablo announcement was happening, only to be told about a mobile game that we should be super excited for. WTF You are out of touch. I love Blizzard. Whoever is leading you right now is going for the short-term gains, but just like Disney is successfully destroying the Star Wars fanbase that has been around for decades, by not respecting them, the same is going to happen to Blizzard and their fans for short-term gains and long-time losses. Blizzard is more than just a gaming company to many. Blizzard was a friend who grew together in the expanding gaming world, who held true to their roots, who you were loyal to because Blizzard was loyal to their fans as well. Where is that culture going? Where is that vibe going? Wake up Activision... the people you've put at the top of Blizzard are going to kill the golden goose, and it needs to stop now before it's too late. Hell, as a developer myself, I bet half the people even working for Blizzard are getting paid barely industry standard, if that, are stuck with a crappy commute to work because it's too expensive to live close, and if you kill that spirit, that unity that they were a part of that long-term partner in gaming, that they got to be a part of that magic that didn't rush the product, that didn't push out unpolished crap, they are going to start bleeding employees too. Something is happening at Blizz, and it's not good.
In the US severance is often a negotiated perk for salary jobs. Many people who have only ever worked hourly wage jobs might be unfamiliar with how salaries work, but you receive a large contract with duties expected to accomplish as part of your job, with the benefits in return. As part of the contract, there will be many things offered, from benefits to a severance package. Many companies would not be able to hire trained individuals if they did not offer severance when all their competitors do. I know I wouldn't. However, it is not required by law in the US to be given. Thus, typically the best and most competitive jobs provide it for the most skilled people, but you won't get it for entry level employees our low hourly wage jobs.
You see, this is not really the right forum to advertise this. This is more a place you post tips on HOW you do boosting so you can make gold on the side, not just find mules to work.
It really is all about early detection. She goes in like every 6 months and does a massive full-body cancer screening, with full body scans. Your insurance will not pay for this. Most rich people don't even do it even though they can afford to pay for it. Many current and former political leaders are given this benefit, which gives you the opportunity to catch things significantly. If every person was given the same opportunity, those survival rates of cancer would be significantly higher because you'd catch almost everything early and deal with it before it metastasized.
Ya, CNBC is not accurate in stating that no other President did so in such a public and forceful matter. [Many Presidents have, but here is just one example LBJ was very vocal about it](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/13/business/economy/a-president-at-war-with-his-fed-chief-5-decades-before-trump.html)
While largely true. My computer science major was like 30 guys to every 1 female. The engineering degrees had similar ratios. While it is getting better, not a lot of women seem interested in such degrees. I have 2 degrees and my molecular and cellular bio degree was a pretty even split.
Trump campaigned on pulling Troops out of Syria and ending the Afghan war, finally. He literally campaigned on that he felt the US needed to stop being an interventionist country and stop being the police of the world. This is not a surprise, and 6 months ago he already announced his intention to do so soon. However, in this thread apparently the only reason Trump decided to do this was because Turkey asked him to. Turkey, the country currently pissed at Trump because he canceled their billions in foreign aid they got regularly from the Bush and Obama years, Trump cancels it, and this thread is so twisted that somehow Trump is just a stooge of Pakistan. Remember when Reddit hated endless war and endless American intervention? I guess war in Syria is the best thing ever now. Rofl, I remember when Mattis was fired by Obama and it was a good decision, yet when Mattis resigns it somehow is an evidence that Trump is an idiot because Mattis knows best always. Wake up people.
I mean, Hillary literally ran on a campaign of US military intervention in Syria in 2016. She even talked about it during the debates. Are you sure a 2020 Democrat candidate is going to be anti war and anti Syria intervention? I'm not sure I buy it.
Ah yes, so the US policy of siding with Islamic rebels who behead people, and giving them weapons, just because they are fighting against Assad is a great foreign policy? You need to wake up. Not everyone agrees with the philosophy of arming rebels to fight against the government you want to overthrow by proxy war, a long-held tradition in the US military that maybe needs a rethink.
Why is a baby's life worth less because the person is a victim of rape? If the mother doesn't want the baby, have her give away to adoption.
I am still kind of confused with how Episode 6 ended in this universe now. Apparently them destroying the final death star, killing the emperor, destroying the Empire's fleet, wiping out their top commander/general (Vader), and there was a HUGE celebration after it all... So why, after all of this, years later, did nothing change? Why are the "rebels" still a fringe group and why is the "New Order" essentially equivalent or more powerful than the Empire whilst the rebels are still this tiny force? I mean, to add insult to injury, at the end of the Episode 8, literally the entire rebel forces were wiped out, destroyed to the last ship, which too was destroyed, and they escaped to the planet... I mean, they hint at some fringe rebel activity at the edge of the galaxy, but it doesn't sound like much. Is episode 9 going to explain this?
Serious question, can you really call it a free game when it is actually a subscription service that deactivates your ability to play the games when you stop playing monthly?
Ya, I am due for a CPU upgrade, but I can't help but wonder what the Ryzen 3000x has in store. I am a long-time believer in the Intel quality... but geesh, AMD just crushes it in the bang for your buck category. If I can get a 16 thread chip for less than 400 dollars, which rumors are saying, I am going all in on AMD.
well, 16 cores, actually, so would they give us 32 threads?
Big pool of potential items, random chance they are listed. Some items have a more frequent probability of showing, like the 20k containers, or some of the xmog gear, pets... Some of the rare drop mounts and some TCG mounts will be the most rare to show.
Ya, I think this is fair statement.
Us, this was the intention, I am 100% certain of it.
Well, the teachings of Jesus was more about how it is the intent and the motivations of the heart as being what matters, not the actual act. So I don't think most people would see it as sacrilegious if they legitimately thought it was a painting of Jesus because their intent and their hearts were in the right place. Also, people have sense of humors too and probably can laugh at the realization that this is a joke. For OP's sake, he needs to have a backup framed painting ready to go to trade them as soon as they figure it out lol. He can then be like "I thought you'd notice sooner! Here is the real present!" And then everyone would probably laugh it off.
A host of other reasons too. I personally just think the marketing behind Blu Ray was better. It felt edgy, and Sony pushed out all these marketing buzz works like new Blue lasers instead of old fashioned stuff, and all their movies were solid in a shorter case with the sharp looking blue side, while HD DVD just looked like your standard DVDs. I think the playstation doing well helped, but it was the marketing that was better that pushed it past the finish line, imo.
Ok, so my family is quite well off. I guess you could say "rich" would be appropriate (though my wife and I are not independently rich, but we do very well, I am referring to my parents). There is a reason I am saying this, so hear me out. As such, my social circle has mostly remained intact due to my professional life, desires to keep good networking contacts, and as such, I know people that are the moderately wealthy (as in like 250k+ per year families), to the 500k+ a month wealthy. Hell, I've got a friend of the family that just sold off their chain of grocery stores (some kind of healthy whole foods franchise) to the tune of 100+ million dollars. I have never once encountered the uppity bullshit about being embarrassed over expensive cars, or not wanting neighbors to see certain cars in the driveway. In fact, in my experience no one cares because EVERYONE has friends and family and so on that visits and isn't rich. EVERYONE has teenagers that get their driver's licenses and maybe aren't given the fanciest cars. Everyone has a relative or a friend from work, or wherever that maybe aren't as flashy. No one cares. Ya, I know some people who only buy rich shit. I mean damn, I told one guy him and his wife was crazy for apparently buying their daughter a BMW M3 for their daughter's 16th birthday and a SRT8 Challenger for their son's 16th. But, those teenagers had friends from school that would come over in less flashy cars and no one was asking them to park them out back and was embarrassed by them. I mean hell, I remember one kid would drive around some beater 1985 2-door Civic that he picked up for 500 bucks (this was like 10 years ago too), and people talked more about how they thought it was cool they were making their son work for his own vehicle. Not everyone chooses to go that route, but no one shits on you for doing it either. So, giving you the benefit of the doubt and assuming this story is true, based on my own anecdotal experience, it sounds like the parents are just assholes and it has nothing to do with their wealth. The real trick in relationships and life is to just have the same goals in life as your partner. You need to know what she wants and you need to know what you want out of life. Don't modify those goals or sacrifice them for relationships, imo. A relationship should enhance a life, not make or break it. As such, 3 years together is a bit of time to know whether you share those goals in life. As such, if you both want the same things out of life. If you both have the same ambition for things in life. If you both are on the same page, or about the same page about things important to each other, then go for it. Work on it. Family usually eventually comes around. Most importantly, just make sure you and her want the same things out of life, share the same goals, and you are working towards them (goals mean nothing without effort and direction) and then everything else usually falls into place. If your goals don't align, after 3 years together, then maybe reevaluate where you both stand. That's not to say they won't align at some point, but it's worth it to start thinking about if they will ever. Best of luck.
CNN hates the troops. Just ignore them.
Just want to say, politics aside, the guy has an amazing book, which I am not going to advertise here so you don't think I am shilling, I just want to say, his book really is one of those "life-changing" kind of books. I am a very well-read person. I especially have read a lot of business and self-help books (think things like the *7 Habits of Highly Effective People* genre). I also have a lot of experience in the world professionally. I still found his psychological approach to things in the world to be very plainly and purely laid out in a compelling and easily digestible way. He seriously is a brilliant author, individual, and psychologist, and one of the things I find most endearing about him as a human being is that he seems like this is not just an intellectual adventure for him, but instead, he is an extremely empathetic person who really just wants to help people and make a difference in others' lives. I think this is also why he hasn't allowed himself to be overwhelmed by the modern trend of discounting the inextricable bond between gender and sex by falsely trying to claim all human action is learned behavior, which is BS. He calls it out for what it is.
Yup. I specifically remember Rush Limbaugh commenting on Roberts' nomination and he said he was hopeful and he felt he was a conservative, but he didn't believe Roe v Wade was dead in the water with Roberts, but if it was, then the Supreme Court would be stable for the next 10 years, or something like that. He was hopeful. He said if Roberts didn't address Roe v Wade and overturn it within 5 years then he was a disaster of a choice. Roberts has always been Center Left.
Do people actually find these types of videos humorous? Even if I agreed with counter-points, I would not enjoy this video...
He is not even a conservative. He's a fairly "liberal" person, he's just not a leftist. He doesn't believe in regulating speech and he hates the dishonesty of political correctness. The *Fake News* about Jordan Peterson is that he is some right-wing fringe conservative. He just became outspoken when Canada tried to make it a crime to mis-gender a person.
To this day, my favorite show of all time, even though it did have a fee moments it dragged a little in later seasons. Never have I felt more connected to a cast of characters than that show.
Curious... there is a rule here where I live that you cannot have long hair or dreads in a wrestling match, or it needs to be tied up in some kind of a bun if you do, or hair covering. Did the ref first give him the option to cover the hair up with something or did he immediately demand to cut the dreads to wrestle? If they had nothing to cover the hair properly, they would be forcibly told that he could not participate without cutting the hair. What I am not seeing in these articles is if they were first given the option to wear a hair covering first, as that would be the real determining factor here if he really was just being a dick on purpose, imo, or not.
My question is this... is it some big secret there are spec ops soldiers at that base? To my knowledge that is common knowledge. It is a huge base. Everyone assumes they are there. SEALS and other special forces military personal are not undercover CIA assets whose face you need to keep hidden. Hell, even the movie Active Valor had [real-life active duty SEALs playing roles in the film](https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/act-of-valor-with-real-life-seals-new-breed-of-war-movie-or-propaganda/2012/02/22/gIQAY1miYR_story.html?utm_term=.e50418eae099), The SEALs do lots of [public events where they don't obscure their faces](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_7tsRrgA2Q). They have entire class photos and documentaries of SEALs. Hell, even the Navy SEALs post their training graduation photos, and have been doing so for decades. Example,[1970s](https://speartacticalreviews.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/img_5470.jpg) and [more recent](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-KA0EuvXA8wU/UqDUxhRRdTI/AAAAAAAABOQ/kS1SKbwxeqI/s1600/DennisGrangerclass122.jpg). There is no attempt to obscure their faces. Thus, this talk about how Trump should be obscuring their faces and this is a violation I think is not really accurate. People know there are spec ops soldiers at that base. There is no precedent to blurring or obscuring the faces of SEAL team soldiers before, from documentaries, to training videos, to recruitment to anything. This is not some undercover secret asset where your identity is worrisome to be known publicly. The ONLY worry that I can think about is enemy intelligence having a grudge against a specific SEAL team member who maybe wants revenge for something, or to make a political statement. I can't seem to find anywhere in history this has ever happened, though [many SEAL team 6's family members were distraught that Obama announced them as the team that killed Obama](https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2013/05/09/obama-put-a-target-on-their-backs-seal-team-6-family-members-say) as they felt it put a target on their backs for retaliation from extremists. But, with several team members coming out and making money off of publishing books about the SEAL raid, it seems that not all of them agreed with this, though it seems some current [active duty seals were upset over individual SEAL members trying to take credit for something the TEAM made happen, and making money off of doing so.](https://www.timesofisrael.com/us-navy-up-in-arms-as-seal-takes-credit-for-bin-laden-kill/) It still doesn't change the fact that it wasn't necessarily against the rules to disclose this information, though the question might be on the wisdom of doing so. From what I can tell, this seems more like an attempt by the media to be outraged at Trump for literally anything as they first reported he didn't go see the troops on Christmas, erroneously, and when it turned out he actually made a secret trip to visit them, they had to have something else to criticize him on. This final statement is merely my opinion, but I just don't see any precedent to be mad at what Trump did, or to even call it dangerous for the troops. There doesn't seem to be any rules against it, and in terms of wisdom, I highly doubt a picture of a small group of spec ops soldiers reflects the fact that there are [2450 active duty SEALS in the world](https://navyseals.com/nsw/structure/), roughly [3500 Army rangers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/75th_Ranger_Regiment_%28United_States%29)... and, though not featured here, roughly [15,000 active green beret](https://bootcampmilitaryfitnessinstitute.com/elite-special-forces/us-elite-special-forces/usasoc-us-army-special-operations-command/us-army-special-forces-aka-green-berets-selection-training/).
WTB 2070 with 11GB of memory. Pretty nice performance/$ there, but I can imagine some cases where the 8GB can be a limiting factor. Of course, I suppose that extra 3GB might lower the performance/$ advantage.
lol I literally bought these 2 games last month. Oh well. The devs can take their money. Happy to support well-built games.
I think in terms of content he used to be better, but in terms of actually beings legitimate comedian and all around funny guy with true comedic instincts he is just the best all around, imo. All the late shows used to have better content though. I think the ultimate problem us less people watch late night TV than in the early 2000s and all shows have cut their budgets.
I think I remember reading John Carmack recommending people learning OpenGL that are experienced devs but no gaming experience, and he said this was one of the best places to start.
Are they though? Roughly half the population of Utah is not Mormon and in the greater Salt Lake City area Mormons only make up about a third of the population, and are constantly shrinking in proportion due to the massive immigration influx into Utah due to the lower cost of living and the growing tech hub that is Salt Lake. You could be right, just felt it was worth pointing out that so many people and business owners are not Mormon. I live in Arizona, but we vacation a lot in Utah and from what I can tell, many of the billboards are from evangelical Christisnd directed at Mormons.
Sadly, I need my Facebook for professional reasons. I despise the company though...
Ya, WTF was up with The Dark Tower film? It didn't follow the books hardly at all and read just terrible.
Is this the family whose dad virtue signaled at his own daughter's funeral that illegal immigrants were not to blame? These people are insane...
E-verify is good, but it doesn't stop the larger problem of identity theft, which allows people to pass an e-verify check.
Tell your brother it was from you.
If it acts as just some kind of neighborhood watch that reports stuff to real police, I don't care. If it's some sharia patrol and self handles internal community issues to avoid police, I have a problem.
Let's see... I played the original Warcraft III mod, DOTA. I had never played it before. I had no friends playing it, but I had heard it was getting popular so I wanted to try it out. My first toon was this big fat undead pudgy guy, can't remember the name, but he had this big grappling claw grip that could pull people to you. I played for about 15 minutes. The first 2 or 3 minutes consisted of my team telling me how stupid I was and how much of a moron I was for picking that guy. The next 3 or 4 minutes of the game was me trying to follow my teammates around as they screamed at me to do X,Y, or Z, not knowing what any of those asked and being condescended to if I inquired. I then proceeded to die a couple of times, to which they screamed at me some more and called me a "feeder," and that I should go quit the game and commit suicide, and some other various insults. At this point I found it a bit humorous to see their insane amount of rage so I proceeded to run straight for these big tree tower things over and over and die, which caused the team to meltdown that much more as the feeder adjective and moron and other insults kept flying. So, every time I rez'd I would run immediately to enemies to die now. The salt was wonderful. I logged off the game after that match and never played a MOBA type game again, except for like 5 years later I tried League of Legends, 1 beginner match, and got a surprising similar community hostility, logged off, uninstalled the game, and have never played again. MOBA communities just seem far too toxic. Maybe the game is good. I don't know. Can't get past the community barrier level of entry to be worth it.
It's greater both as a law enforcement issue and a health issue. Most of these people do not seek help on their own. Thus, ince they get arrested they can be put into the system. It depends though. You can't force people into treatment in most states so if they don't want help, even if it's free, nothing you can do. Lots of places to go for treatment without fear of being arrested. They will kick you out if you try dealing with other addicts though.
Here is the trick women... to get around the "performance enhancing ban," all you need to do is say you are a transitioning trans male and start taking testosterone. They will allow it then.
Lol this is kind of funny to me because just last night I was at a dinner party and a county Judge was there. The host is a law professor at the Univ. and I dated her daughter, of which I am long-time friends with the family and her daughter's fiance and I now have a professional relationship, and it's all good. Was invited to the dinner. Daughter also performed a solo on the harp and I performed a vocal/piano solo on the piano for the party as well. Judge is now a "networking" contact that I will likely reference in the future as we had a good contact. But yes, the judge and I are now on what I'd call a first-name basis. This is just hilarious to me because it hits home pretty closely. Not rich though. Only my parents were well off. My wife and I do well, but not rich.
Rofl, my wife is asking me why I am sitting here crying tears of laughter over an internet comment. This is just beautiful. TY
I mean, just calling Trump a game show host is a bit disingenuous. He only had a show because of his previous success and the fact he had one of the most popular business books ever published. He has been a notable socialite and outspoken businessman since the late 70s and a pop culture icon of America since the 80s. You don't have to like him, but to say he was just a game show host is not accuratr. It's like in the 80s one of the failed strategies of the Democrats was to smear Reagan as "Just a bad actor that never made it big," since Reagan was in a few movies. They didnt want to acknowledge he was the freakin governor of California. Nope, just an actor.
There is no way that 1/8 inch per year number is correct. That is way off. We are literally only up 0.8 inches in the last 50 years.
These are sort of seeing a resurgence in places like Dave &amp; Busters. The catch is they are all short fun ticket games or big experience games that seat 2-4 people, if not more. The standalone arcades are mostly done with. These other places with the modernized arcades are not just doing ok, they are flourishing. Many of them have a restaurant and arcade, will host corporate events. They new business model has revived the arcade. But ya, I do miss the old nickel arcades myself. Those days were amazing.
Serious question... are those climate controlled? I just wonder because I live in Arizona and if anyone built anything like that here, in the summer, it'll be a god damn oven inside that with all the windows. I am talking like you'd reach 150+ degrees inside that thing in prime summer months lol. I just have to assume this is climate controlled, or is it just that it's nice at certain times of the year? Almost all "sun rooms" I've seen did not have heat or a/c.
Just remember, God uses what he has. He uses imperfect people here on Earth to accomplish his work. He has no choice. He may have wronged you. This can always be troubling in the business world. I know of someone in a previous Stake Presidency that completely screwed over his business partner in their medical practice. His partner fell ill, needed a major organ transplant, and was out of work for about 6 months. Well, apparently somewhere in their original contract a partner could be pushed out of the position and had their stake in the company bought out by the other partner(s) so sure enough, that's exactly what happened. In fact, when he came back to the practice he was surprised to quickly find out he was no longer co-owner and was placed on an absurdly low salary. The dude was 58 so at that point of his life he decided it wasn't worth fighting and just retired 6 months later. That doctor/co-owner who was literally in the same ward as him, who was a previous Bishop, pushed him out of his own practice and essentially forced him into retirement. He trusted him. Do you think that was trying? Yes. Was it wrong? Yes. Was it illegal? No. Was it "being honest in your dealings with your fellow man?" Probably not... but again, in *HIS* mind he had an inactive business partner due to sickness. He wanted to take their practice to the next level and expand like crazy, his business partner was older and less interested and comfortable, so he saw a business opportunity that involved forcing the partner out and expanding. Was it shady? Ya, except he probably saw it as just business being business whilst the other doctor was *not* a business guy and far too trusting that long-time partners will always act in each other's best interests. My point is that while the whole thing troubled me a little bit, I knew this guy in the Stake Presidency was for some reason put there. And, in reality, meeting with him, he wasn't a bad hearted guy. He seemed like a genuine person who loved the church, loved the people in the church, and sacrificed a lot for it. Maybe God just knew that even though he wasn't perfect, even though he was flawed, there were some people that needed his leadership there, for whatever the mysterious reasons that only God sees are. This is how I see it sometimes when I wonder why some people are called to certain leadership positions. Maybe this Bishop wronged you. Maybe he has some egregious flaws, but for some reason the Lord wants him to be there. Maybe there's some people that are important in God's plan for us that only his flawed person can reach and get through to. This is what is tough about it. It's hard to know why. And, I am not even saying decisions are always perfect in who are called either. I am just saying that for your sanity, it's best to just assume that some things are beyond our limited scope to see why, downstream, God wanted this to happen and for you to go through with it. Just my opinion. I wish you the best. I know this is not easy. Just remember, many are called, but few are chosen. People have the opportunity to magnify their callings, or to not. Hopefully this is what they need in their life to be the person the Lord wants them to be. Not all will truly magnify their callings. I once had a former Bishop get excommunicated from the church for having an affair and he was the High Priest group leader at the time. I suppose if someone had inside knowledge of this affair it might have been appropriate to not sustain them, right? I hope and pray for the best for you because things are not always easy. Nothing wrong with asking for a sit down to try to resolve these issues and saying, "We have our problems, but for some reason, even though I don't understand why, you got called to this and I want to give it a chance because the Lord knows more than me. How can we be in the same ward with our situation? What can we do to work it out?" Something like that, in your own way and words. Just my opinion.
Oh that's nice. I just went to my brother's college graduation with about 1000 people and it took 2.5hrs. I hate graduations because of this slow name rolling. It should be every 3 seconds lol
In South Africa it was pretty trendy to pull your top 4 front teeth among younger people. I am not talking your baby teeth here. I am literally talking about your top 4 front adult teeth. Kids would lie to the dentists and say stuff like their teeth hurt just to get them pulled. It was pretty trendy in certain areas of Cape Town but it spread throughout the whole country and was fairly trendy for quite a long time. This is still *some* people out there that adhere to to trend but not as much. It really should NEVER make a comeback.
As someone who lives in Arizona, I can assure you this trend is still alive and well and even strong in the Hispanic community. I also don't get it.
That's pretty similar to most states in the US. In my state most paramedics make 60k-80k+ per year and are on a 20 year pension plan. Paramedics are typically fire trained and so are licensed firefighters as well as being paramedics here though, not sure if there is a difference. The other guy must live in a small town, is all I can think.
Lol all the people raging in here over his medals and claiming stolen valor. Ya, no. I've known a lot of guardsman and that's 100% what this guy is. The guard has a ton of state side participation awards and half the guardsmen I've seen dressed don't give 2 craps about the order. Other divisions of the military always seem to care more. But I've seen enough dressed guys I the Guard to know a lot of them don't go online to find the right order.
It's not even just the rest of the world combined, as in slightly. China and India account for roughly 95% of all plastic waste dumped in the ocean. The US accounts for literally less than 1% of all plastic waste in the Ocean. It's funny because you see places like California banning plastic straws and in reality plastic straws from California specifically probably account for far less than the 0.25% OP stated, but more-likely 0.0000025% of plastic waste.
I get this, but just remember this. A lot of bad people have been in and out of the prison system. Some of them have been institutionalized somewhat by it and it's not a shocker to them. it's not scary to them. It sucks, don't get me wrong, but it's something they have grown used to in the past from a previous stint. Death penalty for such a person is far scarier than prison for life, imo. Some of them in prison feel like kings, have respect in prison, compared to the outside life
That would make too much sense though and you dont get the feel-good part of making a difference.
Probably depends on the company, but benefits are the same. Perks are better. Potential pay is less, base pre-commission salary pay is higher. Need to travel is higher, which sucks. How well the team does is tied into the perks of the company and the "tiers" of various performance clubs, with the Chairman's club being the highest, above the President's club. These basically mean different incentive trips, additional trips, bonus, etc... The nice thing about this now is while I am technically always on the phone or on call, I really just work Mon-Fri now and by 6pm I am done. I am available to my team 24/7, but one of the advantages of my company, since we only hire people with 10+ year provable track record is that I don't really need to micro-manage people and most of them would rather not be talking about work in the evenings either. I make about half of what I was making in sales. I also have about 80% less stress in life and the job stability makes my family life much better when the paycheck is relatively the same every month. It's funny because even though I was making close to 200k in sales, my wife liked that job less than what I do now making 100k(ish). Every market is a little different though. Depends on your field. The sales people making 75k year still hustle for that 75k. They don't sleep through that. If you aren't an entrepreneur type person you won't make it. Hell, we don't even pay people W-2 status on initial hire, they are given an opportunity 1099 contract with guarantee of 36k base the first year + commission. 3k a month is tough to adjust to for most of these professionals, so they have to really want it. But, it helps us not burn too much money when we realize quickly in weeks if they are going to make it or not. The reality is that if they are not at minimum doubling their base pay, they aren't cut out for the business. We aren't going to waste our time with them. Every sales person on my team who has "made it" with the company was pushing contracts within days of getting hired. When I am 2 weeks in on a new hire and all I am getting is excuses about acclimating to the new job, huge red flag. When I was working in computational biology you literally took 2 or 3 months just to acclimate on your new project and half the time you were twiddling your thumbs because your senior devs were busy. Sales really is a different beast. You have to be an aggressive entrepreneur type that gets themselves out of bed in the morning even though they don't have a boss/time they have to show up somewhere to be accountable for. The problem is that many of these types just go and start their own businesses. Makes the pickings harder to find.
Rofl, the protesters are going to be so disheartened when they hear Trump hasn't even seen them yet and then calls them part of the fake news machine lol. They are going to have meltdowns over this and double down even harder on their insanity.
From my wife. She was 19, was a backend assistant chef at a fairly upscale Italian restaurant. The owner was super cool Italian guy. He was party of this Italian family everyone knows in town because the 3 brothers own half a dozen restaurants and all of them are really good. Anyway, this one brother decides to sell the restaurant to this lady. She comes in and takes over management. Of note, this restaurant had been in business about 20 years at this point and was still doing very well. The very first thing the new owner did was say, "We should cut our portions down a little!" Well, this is Italian food and one of the hallmarks of this restaurant was the fact you were getting pricey fine-dining Italian food, but rather than being the "fancy" food with tiny portions, you were getting large portions, but still high-dining gourmet style. Anyway, she decided to change this and turn it into the tiny portion fine-dining delicacies style as a way to save money but also make the restaurant seem more upscale. Literally in her first month she first, raised prices, and second, cut portion sizes. What do you think happened to all of those long-time customers that had been coming for years? Ya, they stopped coming. Oh and, one of the staples of the restaurant as well was this Italian chef/owner made a habit of coming out and occasionally chatting with the guests. He was a known community figure, so when this all stopped it became pretty clear the restaurant had change. This new lady immediately placed all the blame on the staff, particularly the cooks, claiming they were cooking subpar food. My wife, who had been working there since she was 16 and was now a cook on the backend then got accused of trying to horde and steal the recipes to start her own. This was some kind of paranoia of the new owner I guess. Considering my wife was in college for a special education degree, this was a ridiculous assertion as she had plans to be a teacher. She was shocked by it as well because this lady berated her in front of the entire staff to try to oust her co-conspirators lol. She was only getting paid about $15 an hour for the job, but it was a decent gig in 2003 while in college as the restaurant didn't open til 5pm for dinner only (closed on Mondays). So, my wife basically said "This isn't worth it" and quit on the spot and walked out the door. The restaurant closed about 9 months after the lady took ownership, after a 20 year successful run of the business that was still 45 min wait-time busy on the weekends.
Yup, brother-in-law did this in Seattle. Absolutely made a killing at a high-profile firm in contract law. Omg was he making a killing. He was also never home and work was his life even though he had 4 kids. He ended up moving to a smaller city (like 300k people) in more central Washington, low cost of living, is partner of a law firm there, and has great hours. He coaches his kids' sports teams, He's home at reasonable hours. He made an insane living in Seattle and make about 1/3 of what he was making now, even as a partner, but life is about 50x better.
Rofl, I thought this was just one of those joke trailers. Not a real movie, just a "serious" comedy with a silly premise but played out to be a dark drama. Which I guess it is, but it is actually [legitimately a 1hr 27min full length feature film](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0428856/). I am just so surprised by this because it's so ridiculous haha.
My first home we were going to drop every cent in savings we had on it (save maybe $5000) for a downpayment and we still were only hitting 12% down. My parents basically were like "You are going to want to have some money the first year you move in to buy stuff you didn't think of or you decide you want. So, they gifted us $15,000 extra and told us to just keep that money ourselves for misc. needs, in addition to our own income. They were right. Seriously, moving a new house expenses add up. We still only dropped 15% on the home and kept the rest. was extremely handy to have.
Last I heard from my sister she looked like she was 85 lbs and got arrested again. She is homeless somewhere in Phoenix. We spent years trying to help her but she has just lied and lied and lied and stolen her way to burn every bridge you can. She has too many dangerous and uncomfortable people she associates with I stopped trying to track her down. She just looked so unhealthy the last word we got of her. She's been a meth and heroin addict for about 7 or 8 years and pretty sure she's just a homeless drug prostitute now and we're all just waiting for the call. Oddly, it has hit my father far worse. She was super popular, good background, strong family. She married a good guy. She had 5 kids. Yup, that's right, 5 kids, and all of a sudden we heard she was a painkiller oxy addict and they were trying to help her. Before we knew it she was giving blowjobs to drug dealers in parking lots to get extra pills. Her husband suffered through 2 years of trying to pay for help with all of our support, before she went full blown meth head and skipped town with her new boyfriend. Since then the only time we ever hear from her was asking for money or because we got a call from the police.
This is probably the most clear comment here. Thanks!
Great comment. Thank you! I hope you are a teacher. Another comment I thought was the most clear but yours really helped me see the big picture here so simply. Awesome!
This won't happen because it would be too complicated and would require a restructuring of the entire world for continuity. Too much work on old content when they would be better spent working on new stuff.
The real problem is you can't help people that don't want it. My sister is literally ok with being homeless as long as she has her drug fix. That's all she cares about.
This makes sense, as well, as an addon dev myself. 8.0 on the backend was such a major overhaul of legacy code. So much stuff Blizz did under the hood that people do not realize. The integration of the new community API into everything was a fairly significant overhaul in and of itself. Going back to Legion would be SO SO SO much easier for Blizz devs to build backwards compatibility into their modern system without having to bloat up the modern BFA code for Classic compatibility. I kind of personally am hoping for pre-7.3 API, but I doubt it. Blizz broke a ton of crap in 7.3 to stop WeakAuras trolls. It's be nice to go back to pre 7.3 days.
Wow, this is great advice. My wife and I are like this. I needed this. Thank you.
I'd imagine it'd be helpful to get a link to the exact reel you are referring to. I google and get a bunch of random cell phone quality stuff.
I saw a house listed in Tucson, AZ. Very nice plot of land, location, price was good but it was a fixer-upper. Then, I saw the most bizarre thing. Indoor spiral staircase up to a rooftop "observatory," or so I thought. In actuality, when I went up there to see, it was literally a home-made sauna the person placed in their home on the roof of their home. When I say sauna, it was a "natural light" sauna designed to harness the desert sun rays. The sun box up there literally could get like 180+ in the summer. It was only about 5 ft by 5ft (circular room). The thing is this... they literally just cut a circular hole in their great room's ceiling, put in the spiral staircase, and added the structure over it. You literally walked up the stairway and the windowed sauna was right there waiting for you. Here's the major issue as well, there was no door to contain this heat. So, this room acted like an oven for the home. The way the owners, the ones who did this project themselves, dealt with this is they used cardboard to sort of block the top part of it off and seal the room somewhat. Oh and, there was no seating in this sauna. The owners had it setup as a standing room. They tried to sell the "built-in sauna" as a luxury feature of the home. Ya, noped it out of consideration pretty quick.
This post confuses me. You have had 5 people make offers and 5 people back out after making the offers after something is discovered? Sounds like the problem is on your end and the price. You might be thinking you are up front with the issues and they are thinking, "ok, minor fixer upper, maybe it'll only cost 10k to fix," so they then get an inspector and boom, tons more problems or costlier than they realize. They decide maybe they can eat it, but then they come to a realization maybe the inspector wasn't more thorough. If they have a question about the septic tank and they want to buy your home and you are unwilling to give them the info as just "playing games," that is a HUGE red flag for the buyers and I would nope it out of that deal as well. They want to buy your home. No secrets. There's a reason 5 people have backed out of their offers. You can't punish people as there is no warning system out there against buyers. God, what a legal nightmare if anyone ever tries to make that.The way you punish people is you make then drop $2500 in earnest money *after* the inspection if they still wish to keep their offer and for you to stop considering others. Then they lose it if they back out. There isn't some rating system out there.
Ya, this is what happens when "eccentric" people think their unique ideas are great and probably draw up their own plans without consulting an architect. I can't think of any other explanation as to how this abomination exists. But you are right, this didn't even look out to anything. It was almost smack-dab middle of the roof of this home, and it was a 4000+ sq ft. home, so any direction you looked was just a lot of white painted over tar flat roof. I guess you got a better view of the mountains?
Government productivity in action for ya!
Haha, I have actually seen that. A closet inside a closet. It was a mini-closet though. They pitched it additional storage, but it was a full-size door and when you opened it it basically was a continuation of the closet, just about 1/3 the size this time.
Probably not salt, but sugar, just finer so made to look like salt. Cloths were translucent when stretched over the eyes, but you can't tell from the audience. Still would be limited visibility, but that would be my guess. Other than that I don't know.
Lol wtf, I didn't realize so many people liked the comedian. I voted for him and the lightup kids act and boom, results show you have selected those as best 2 as well haha!
I actually think Ginzilla is kind of hilarious, but Hans I couldn't stand at all. I found it cringy event. Ginzilla has a more polished act imo, and significantly less campy, even though it's silly.
Sad but true :D
I don't think she was terrible, but I was pretty bored. She's probably extremely talented, but I didn't see it with the gimmicky act. I also think her stage presence is a bit lacking and underwhelming. Maybe she will be better at judge cuts.
I predict 5+ more years before we even see a microLED for cheaper than $5000.
Saw a tweet today from one of the BEST history shows on youtube that got banned by this. On Twitter @MrAllsopHistory &gt; ["Youtube have banned me for 'hate speech', I think due to clips on Nazi policy featuring propaganda speeches by Nazi leaders. I'm devastated to have this claim levelled against me, and frustrated 15yrs of materials for #HistoryTeacher community have ended so abruptly. @TeamYouTube](https://preview.redd.it/ez473fdubm231.png?width=781&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=150f8fdfc5fac7d97949d6a8e9a0f452e610799d) For context on who this is: &gt; "Scott Allsop studied history at the University of Cambridge and is the host of an iTunes Top-100 daily history podcast. He is an award-winning history teacher who was nominated for the UK's national Teaching Awards and short-listed for the BBC/Historical Association History Teacher of the Year award."
Haha I laughed but it's so goddamn true.
In case anyone is wondering who this is, he was a HUGE basketball star, had something like a 13 or 14 year career. He also comes from a home with strong Christian values. His mother was basically a drug addict his early years in the NBA and he was pretty vocal about supporting her and helping her and he has been pretty vocal about "Jesus saved my Mom" type of stuff. So, while he is not LDS himself, he is a great Christian who is extremely involved in the Chicago area Christian community. His mother eventually went on to become a religious leader in the community in a non-denominational church that she founded with the help of DWade who purchased her a building. He also has been pretty vocal about how he believes in tithing being 10% of your income and he gives it away to several local churches as a "tithe" each year. He flew to Miami here to support his friend for getting baptized. It's hard to live a life as an NBA star and not let it overwhelm and corrupt you. This man's heart is in the right place in life and I have a lot of respect for him.
Comedian is always subjective. I mean, to be fair, he said he doesn't want to be the novelty act, and to not be the novelty act you have to focus on other jokes than self deprecating ones. Since he spent almost the whole time on self depracating jokes he pigeon-holed himself as a novelty comedy act. With that being said, he really had no choice. It's too to cut the tension by making a joke about it first. It's all a matter of his subsequent acts now standing on their own.
I don't know, but with my American Express card I can get cash advances from ATMs at same interest rate as other charges, the catch is I am capped to $5000 cash advance per month. I don't do it though because interest literally starts day 1, when with other charges they roll over to the next billing cycle before you get charged for interest.
He was different though, and clever. I didn't like every one of his acts, but he at least was DIFFERENT! It's why I loved the singing clown, even though his 3rd song was mediocre.
My family is pretty well-off. I can't even say we are middle class, I'd be lying to myself. They've done well. It's more like my parents are well-off, not my wife and I who are upper middle class. So, I remember dating a girl once, tried to impress her with a nice home cooked meal. She thought she'd be helpful in the kitchen on the cleanup and used steel wool on the pan. I had to tell her you don't use that on non-stick pans, you'd ruin them. Apparently her family had never owned non-stick pans before as they were too pricey. Anyway, I guess I just assumed that was common knowledge, but ya, my pots and pans did cost me like $500+, if I remember. Seemed worth it to me for the high quality build and non-stick properties. Not exactly super luxury, and I know nonstick stuff is pretty affordable now, but this was maybe early 2000s and it always stuck with me that I was out of touch on this one.
LMAO
Who is Gonzo?
513 min for me :D Waited 45 min, and then it just said failed.
I'll be honest... not a fan of health bars in this instance. For such a pretty game, I wish we could see more real fighting. Like, when he was fighting the spider bug things... giant health cushion bars with grindy combat rather than the ability to slice off some legs. Maybe they need the lightsaber to not be a god weapon with instant kill mechanics, as that would be boring, but I suppose at least more realistic dismemberment on the final blow?
YTA. Blasting dirty laundry of anyone on Facebook, even in retaliation, is dickish. Maybe he did cheat on her. There's a reason he discovered or came out as bisexual. It's most common by cheating on the significant other. Did he leave this part out? So, she maybe got cheated on, had a 3 year long term relationship end and she is feeling very emotional and betrayed right so she said some mean things back to him. She might not at all be homophobic, just angry and bitter to him for what he did so she is trying to say hurtful things out of this anger at him. Being heartbroken over years of commitment can bring out the worst in you. And there you are, the brother, the family member, and you you scheme with her now ex together to embarrass her further and make her pain worse by airing selected chosen text messages representing her at her most emotionally vulnerable state post 3 year breakup. Ya, YTA in my book.
The catch is that 95% of Americans have insurance coverage. If you are poor, your ambulance ride is covered 100%. If you are rich, it's a non-issue. Most middle income jobs in America have insurance. The problem is there is this 5% segment of the people of this country that either choose not to have insurance, even if offered to them through their employer (often it's like employer pays 80%, you pay 20%, so maybe $100 or $150 a month out of your paycheck and some people would rather not get insurance, then complain when the bills come). Then, there is the 5% of the population that makes too much money to qualify for medicaid, which is free healthcare that any person low income gets in all 50 states of the US, but they don't get insurance through their job, and then the premiums for a family are $600+ a month and they can't afford it, so they end up with huge bills. So, the system is far from perfect, but to the extent of people it negatively affects is sometimes exaggerated. One of the major problems is the recent Affordable Car Act (Obamacare) did little to address this problem as it did get more people into insurance premiums and tried to force people into getting insurance, but the deductibles were so absurdly high that it was essentially useless. For example, pre-Obamacare my yearly deductible was $2500, meaning if I had major expenses, I paid 80% of the cost, up to $2500, then after that my insurance covered 100% (basic things like checkups with general practitioner had no copay, but most drugs had $10 to $15 copay for namebrand, or no copay for generics). Once I got pushed onto Obamacare my family premium deductible went to $12900 per year. This meant that not only was I paying $400 a month x 12 months ($4800 per year), I now had to pay $12900 an addition to my monthly premium (total of $17700 on healthcare costs) before I got any real benefit of having the insurance. Crazy right? So yes, the US program has a lot to improve. The previous administration's program that has essentially been killed off now by Trump still sucked, even if they did it with good intentions. US people were in a pretty decent situation if you had insurance previously, and a decent situation if you are poor, you really are fully covered. It's better insurance than most people get with fancy Gold healthcare premium plans. But, there really is a segment that falls through the cracks.,
Juggalo-esque inspired aesthetics has never been appealing to me. Maybe it'll be a cool game, but the character designs are just not my cup of tea.
For such a classic IP, this literally just looks like a slightly fancier browser flash game. Not too impressed. Maybe it'll be a cool casual mobile game? I could forgive that.
I've never played Halo before. Any thoughts on if they have aged well? I am curious only about single player campaign. Wouldn't mind owning the Halo collection on Steam.
I'm kind of amazed at some of the shady beater vehicles that deliver my packages for Amazon. I mean, I get there is this new "gig" economy now and people are trying to do a side hustle, but when they show up in a 1988 honda with the hood strapped down with bungie cords and dents all over the place, it feels a bit awkward. I just wonder how long this gig economy is going to last before people realize that they are mostly getting screwed over by these large companies who found it was cheaper to hire people in this way than to pay for actual employees.
Welcome to Tucson! Same thing always happens to me...
LMAO
Ok, but literally all of my friends at a State school who graduated with Engineering degrees all had offers months before they graduated as well. This isn't unique to top-tier schools for Engineering. I don't know a single one of them that took an offer less than 80k+ per year, and this was a State school at $10,000 per year, most of them making 6 figures+ now, and depending on where they moved for work, are everywhere, from Google to IBM to wherever. My point is that you may be thinking it was connections to the college, and that probably does open some doors, but the reality is that expensive schools like that matter far more in regards to graduate degrees, not so much undergrad. Having jobs lined up is fairly standard and normal. Hell, I don't even know a guy that wasn't working a $30+ per hour internship over the summer between their junior and senior years, and again, this was a State school. Normal. Not unique at all to ivy league schools.
As a molecular biologist and former cancer researcher, this promise is a ridiculously hollow and empty promise that only a politician could make. It's 100% BS and impossible to deliver on. What a god damn shitty lie to say. He knows better too. He has family who has died of cancer. I am certain he's well-versed on the subject as a result, which makes his statement even more ridiculous.
If America banned all single use plastics the amount of plastic waste in the environment is still going to have a near 0% global affect on cutting pollution and waste. The vast majority of this waste and pollution comes from 3rd world countries. The US accounts for less than 0.1% of all ocean waste. Banning single-use plastics in just the US is once again, an ineffective feel good solution that does nothing to help the *global* situation.
Except the waste dumping into the oceans is not from outsourced recycling. Don't conflate exporting recyclable to these countries as the same as them dumping waste. These places are not just taking it and dumping it. That's not only insane, it makes zero sense. The waste in their oceans is because it's fairly normal culturally and socially for these people in these countries in large population hubs to throw all of their own local garbage into the rivers. Industrial dumping is a huge problem as well, but the way they traced the waste in the ocean is by looking at the origin of the plastics, and they are native plastics for consumer 3rd world markets. So yes, it IS a bunch of poor countries with shitty standards. Guess what, if I use 50 straws and I successfully dispose of 49 of them, and another person has 2 straws only, but they litter both of them, the person who only had 2 straws has more-negatively affected the environment than the person with 50 straws. Stop and realize that the most effective way to help the world is not to go after the responsible countries, it's to target the irresponsible ones.
This is a bit sensationalize title isn't it? It's only a smoking gun if you admit to a crime that has occurred. Here is Trump just saying he would take future help if a country offered it, which is still not even illegal. Although, it is politically bad. He didn't retroactively admit anything, thus a smoking gun headline is not accurate. Don't get too hyped over this or you will just once again be disappointed that nothing happens.
Why not just push the closing to Monday? I've seen this many times, "My friends from church can't help til Saturday, but closing is on Wednesday, can we push closing to next week?" Sure. Problem solved. Why do you have to close on Friday? It's not like closing dates are etched into stone and can't be adjusted. Look, you want to close then because you need a home to move into. I get it. If pushing closing doesn't work, why not just negotiate with them to put stuff in the garage or something til their friends can help? 24hrs is not that crazy of a window especially if you just add something to the closing contract that all liabilities involved with them moving their items out of the house within say, 48hrs, are still on them, and they forfeit ownership of the items if they are not gone by Monday, or even more reasonable, they will have to pay you a $2000 for you to move it to a pod for them, then you just move it yourself out of the house into a pod, under threat of financial penalty. All I am saying is this really isn't that unusual of a situation. It's not ideal, but the way most deal with it is just push the closing date a few days back. If you need to stay at a hotel for 1 extra day, and keep your vehicle rental, fine. I don't see the big deal at this point. They are eccentric owners it seems. Probably not worth the hassle to nickle and dime them over this without causing more problems. Push the closing is best situation imo.
If you think it's bad now, just wait until election talk ramps up in 2020. The social media giants are going to go all-in to stop Trump from getting elected.
It also doesn't help when all the big investors out of Japan don't inject their money further into their markets because the money is better invested in US index funds. It helps to be the guy on top.
Omg, the sand artist was easily the top 5 AGT acts of all time. I can't believe how good she was. You are right. His was the best buzzer then.
Ya, there's like 100 acts that never get aired that get shown on stage and he's probably blunt with them. Too bad. I liked the no-nonsense Simon. To be fair, I also think he's become more of a softie since he had a kid. As a dad, all I can say is this really can happen to you.
Dentist margins are far too high to think it would be a good idea to sell MLM crap for such pitiful income. My wife is a Dental Hygienist making almost $40 per hour and she probably makes more in 1x 8 hour shift in net gain profit that 90% of people make in the lifetime of their MLM venture. I can't see anyone thinking a side MLM hustle would somehow be worth the dynamic of hustling retail crap to dental patients.
As a guy I am confused how to not understand this... when it's hot your balls get sweaty and sag low. Wearing free flowing boxers? It can happen.
I'd imagine there still is a HUGE problem with debt in the US. I know my wife and I had a combined 75k student loan debt when we got married and monthly payments close to $900 per month. Coupled with crap income for a few years out of college, the most we would even qualify for was a small townhome for 100k. At that point many people just choose not to buy. I think a lot of people underestimate the crippling student debt that is taking hold of America. The middle class used to actually just be middle class with maybe credit card debt, that was it. Now, half the people age 21 to 35 that consider themselves the middle class have massive student loan debt. They keep trying to downplay it as "The average college student graduates with 30k in debt," but what they aren't saying is "The average college student *that needed to take out loans* graduated with 60k in debt," and even worse, that "average" is including all the people paying off student loan debt from 15 or 20 years ago too. This is not just people of the last say, 5 years. Once you start focusing on the last 5 years you start realizing that kids are going &gt; 100k in debt for a college degree. Now, you may be the smart one who didn't do this and thinks it is stupid, but the reality is that a significant % of our population is saddled with so much debt as to screw up DTI ratios to make it nearly impossible to qualify for a mortgage, thus people are putting off even considering buying a home for 10+ years. Furthermore, it makes it harder when so many people in the upper middle class are far more mobile in their careers now, choosing not to stick with one company for 2 straight years and finding jumping ship is much more lucrative in advancing a career, even if just moving laterally, than sticking around and taking your pitiful raise each year. This also makes lending harder I suspect there's other reasons too, like others have said in regards to market trust and so on, but I think, this affects at least the new home buyer population significantly.
Except there is talk in Congress about the US gov't confiscating 401ks and mandating that money be used for government retirement programs. The way they do this, since they can't actually take your money, is they are talking about mandating that a % of the 401k has to be invested into a IRAs backed by government bonds. There's roughly 8 trillion dollars stored 401ks for retirement, and another 4 trillion in other retirement accounts. Believe me, the government has dollar signs in their eyes when they look at it, they just know they can't touch it without getting thrown out of office, hence why they are trying to be "Creative" in how they get at it. Warren has even talked about these "rich people with 401ks." It's quite disheartening, imo.
This type of rationalization about embarrassing the other person for an illogical reason is usually the sign of a waking dream or some kind of disconnect from reality with the brain, not even a hallucination. Very likely you passed out and then had an extremely vivid dream of that exact circumstance and place you were to the point your memory can't even differentiate it. Think of it like how some have had vivid dreams of waking up and getting ready for their day, making breakfast, showering and so on, then boom, they wake up and none of that actually happened, but they are confused because their mind is still telling then they already got ready for the day. Some psychedelics can make dreams feel extremely real. I had to take an anti Malaria drug when I was in Africa and it had the side effect of vivid dreams for some and even though that was 15 years ago, some of those dreams were as real to me and vivid and fresh in my mind now that I can almost recall them better than real memories. All I am saying is it really sounds like a vivid dream.
Here is the reality - proselytizing during the day is mostly useless because most people aren't home. I suppose this depends on your neighborhood, but the idea of a spouse being at home during the day is becoming less and less common. Both people working is more and more the norm. It's just empty during the week. So, best time to go meet people and families? Sunday! Seriously, Sunday was the best day on my mission to knock on doors or go "proselytize." Even more so, 6pm to 8pm is when people are actually home. It's when knocking on doors and introducing yourselves is actually effective. Many people often say you should work smarter, not just harder. Well, if I knock on 100 doors from 11am to 4pm and I talk to 10 people, and I knock on 40 doors from 6 to 8pm and I talk to 20 people, what better use of my time was there? Obviously going to meet with members and get referrals is the best thing to do over anything else, but not all members on that sign-up sheet for dinner give referrals. So, Elders are trying to get the best of both worlds now where they still meet with members, though they try to earlier, whilst not having to sacrifice the "Golden Hour" of proselytizing. Young kids in general are also not very good at conveying in a tactful way why they are doing something they are.
Another lessen in how *NOT* to do trailers. It really spoiled half the movie, if not more. It showed several characters who died. It showed a surprise twist with the new husband that would have been better left as a mystery til watching the film. WTF. I think it looks like a fun movie, but I'm sort of less interested in it now given how much was revealed.
I think the problem is that her character was inherently unlikable and poorly written and they way she brought it to the screen was lame, but overall it was just a flawed story. It probably didn't help that the source material on Captain Marvel sucked and was loosely based on comics that were never popular. I mean, Captain Marvel is a weird character for the Marvel Universe. It was originally created as an answer to D/C's Superman. Superman sort of works in that universe, but at the end of the day, he's essentially an unstoppable God. This can make him sort of boring if not handled properly. D/C has done a decent job with Superman. Marvel, on the other hand, just made "Captain Marvel" this really boring Deus Ex Machina superman (or woman in this movie) type of character that is basically invulnerable. She is so overpowered that it takes away any tension that should be there. While Superman lives as this righteous and benevolent character, treated in the D/C universe as a Jesus Christ type of Character, Captain Marvel is just a boring overpowered superhero bloke nobody who doesn't have anything other than being superman like, without the benevolence. People also are inherently skeptical as to why they decided to bring this move at all anyway. No one asked for Captain Marvel. It was not a popular Marvel character and the 6 different times they tried to reboot the character over 50 years, all of them failed. So, people wondered "why are they making Captain Marvel?" Well, it just so happened to be perfectly timed with this trend of the "Female lead strong woman movie" trend. Ghostbusters, which got lambasted for just being a bad movie, to the all female Ocean's 7 film. There was just this trend to get female leads, and then boom, out of nowhere, we get Captain Marvel, female lead, super overpowered character, and no one asked for her. Literally no one was requesting Captain Marvel to be the next super hero they focus on. Hell, many were upset they gave her a film over a standalone Black Widow film, a character we've been with for several movies now. So, the ultimate problem is that the choices to gives us Captain Marvel have been polarizing and Brie Larson hasn't helped them be less polarizing because the first thing she did was do a ton of interviews about how great it was to finally have a lead female superhero film, and then she went around calling herself the "strongest avenger." This kind of rubbed people the wrong way when they had spent a decade with the other characters over many films and they hadn't even seen Brie Larson's film yet. So, she rubbed a lot of people wrong, and now they don't like her. She's probably a very nice person, but that is really why people are so polarized over her. She's kind of stuck in the middle of things and she didn't help herself by taking sides.
Pollster ratings are only based on the standing of their poll the day of the election, not the other BS weaponized propaganda polls they push out throughout the whole process
100% the cash is for an abortion. It's the only chance she has to salvage the relationship if she can pass it off as a miscarriage.
Ya, the $1700 is the giveaway. It's such a huge thing that it is like he is creating the story as he goes and decided to embellish it near the end with this extra "Oh and she moved half our money" addition. You are 100% right. It's pretty good and mostly plausible at least, and maybe some of this is true with the author only embellishing a little for the internet, but I suspect this is clickbait stuff, as you said. Great analysis.
Ya, going back and watching that original pitch, he was extremely reasonable and it was the sharks that were greedy. He was like "But you've devalued my wine brand to literally nothing" and they were like, "So what!" The dude had a decent looking product, secured patents, an unambiguous business model... and he was willing to give up 1/3 of his company and the sharks wanted his wine brand and the whole she-bang for me. It was just greedy greedy GREEDY! I can't believe they screwed up that bad.
Ya, but a sort of insulting offer, to be honest.
Is it supposed to magically appear in his mouth? This scene you show here he puts the big card in house mouth while he makes the mini cards vanish from his hands then he casually grabs the card back out of his mouth. This looked 100% intentional, not like he was trying to make the card appear out of nowhere. He literally placed it in his mouth to get it out of the way whilst he did his little vanishing trick on the mini cards. This was 100% part of the act and not an editing error. I don't even know how someone could think this was an editing error.
This honestly looks like a student film, and not a "film student" film, but a straight-up High School film student film, wtf lol
As a former academic that left academics (computational and systems biology, but formerly climate science in biogeophysics), the sad truth. Lots of published work and grant writeups have fudged numbers just to keep the gravy train running. A lot of people don't realize that their livelihood, their jobs, their potential for tenure is on the line based on publishing yearly, or at the very longest, every other year... but even then, every other year you are on the fast track for replacement unless you are a beloved long-time tenured teaching and research professor. There was a joke when I was in grad school about published papers. What's the best kind? The one that gets approved even though the findings were all wrong and BS. Why? Because, you get to republish the next year with the corrections. Often your bonuses are tied to publishing at the University as well. And people think scientists are too benevolent to lie. The reality is the graduate science world is almost more cutt-throat and competitive than a New York corporate office. If you aren't willing to do what it takes to get published, someone right behind you with less morals might be all the more willing.
Ya, this must explain why all those foreigners are pouring over the border to be in our "concentration camps," they must be so bad. This woman is insufferable.
Ya this was really cool. Agreed.
Most of the drug companies will provide drugs for near free for people under hardship. Don't be afraid to reach out. You may need to front the costs of Oncologist visits, but those really aren't that bad, it's the in-patient care that is expensive, and the pharmaceuticals. I have yet to meet a pharmaceutical company refuse chemo drugs to a cancer patient when they have a provable circumstance of being unable to pay. This is a tough road, however. You should probably start thinking long-term. Stage IV lung cancer has very high mortality rates and your father should be considering how he wants to spend that time with his family... I wish you the best to your family in this difficult time.
I think the whole "there was a traumatic event in how they died, that's why they still haunt" is an invented trope. But, I do believe in the supernatural, only out of personal anecdotal experience. I feel like ghosts generally have a purpose to appear. I've never experience a malevolent thing either. Maybe it was all in my head, maybe not, but I remember waking up one night, I was 12 years old, my grandmother died maybe 1 month before. The whole situation was a mess as my parents just got divorced like 3 months previous (and he wasn't living with us 6 months or so at that point) and we were living with my mother alone. Then grandma dies. It was a tough time at home. Well, I swear, clear as day I heard my name. Then, all I heard was "hear it is" and it sounded clear as day to my memory now like my Grandma was talking to me. So, I get up, and sure enough, there's grandma in my doorway. I don't remember feeling scared, but confused that I was seeing grandma. She pointed at the floor, I looked down and there was a wallet. I look back up and she was gone. Of note, my grandmother died young, on accident "sort of." Gun shot that supposedly happened when cleaning her home defense gun. At least that is what my mother told me and I think is in denial about to this day as to what really happened. She kind of had a death wish though and was a very depressed woman, who loved her family and grand-kids, but when grandpa died (accident in the hospital) 2 years previous she just became a broken and different woman. Well, it's the middle of the night, but I pickup the wallet and it's literally empty except for 2 things, a small folded note, and my grandma's drivers license. Well, I go wake up my mother, tell her I saw grandma, she thinks I was dreaming, and I hand her this wallet, and my mother starts asking where I found it because she was looking for Grandma's license. On the slip of paper was just apparently a keycode and combo for a storage unit we didn't know grandma had. So, we go, and so much of her personal stuff is in there. All of my mother's and her siblings young photos, tons of memories and so on, and a small safe, she unlocks the combo, and inside is about $30k in US bonds. While that might not sound like a ton of money, with my parents divorcing, my father was well-off, but he literally disappeared off the face of the Earth in some mid-life crisis and left us high and dry and I didn't even talk to him again for several years as he left to start a new family (and yes, he was court-ordered to pay child support, but never did and left state and disappeared, so it didn't matter). We were left destitute. My mother was a stay-at-home mom with zero college education. The first thing she did was pickup 2 jobs but it wasn't enough. We were literally 1 month away from foreclosure on our home when this happened. It saved us, you could say. Anyway, maybe it is just coincidence and maybe I was dreaming and just stumbled upon this, but I just remember my mother's tears when I gave her that wallet and how fresh and real it all was, and then the urgency to get these things to us? It felt like there really was someone looking after us. Again, just my own personal anecdotal story that is impossible to prove, but it made me personally a believer. I'm still a huge skeptic. I've even gone out of my way to stay at "haunted" hotels and sleep in the supposed haunted rooms when I've traveled with my wife and kids, and I've never felt any different. This is why I think maybe they are real, when it matters, when there is a purpose for them to be seen. Other than that? I think it's to market to tourists.
Exactly, this is a one-time gag, and it's not exactly original considering I swear someone did this on Britain's Got Talent some years ago too. It all just depends if he has multi-acts. If he just chooses a 2nd song like this one with a hugely long intro and gaps again, it's not going to get through.
The only way this makes sense is if this is in like San Francisco and they are getting a room for 600 instead of like $2500, and the understanding is they have their day job and do maid work in the evenings. Or else how could they live there? Needs more context.
Eh, if someone is arrested for a crime, they go to jail and are separated from their children. Many of these illegal aliens are literally trafficking children not theirs, many of them are on criminal referral lists with warrants for their arrests, so they are "separated" from their kids. The whole separation thing is largely overblown and misleading because there's no solution, unless you want guys who have warrants out for their arrest for crimes in various cities to either be left unpunished or to send children to jail cells with them. Sorry, they need to be separated. We even started doing DNA tests at the border in some areas due to the huge problem of trafficked kids with people claiming they are their children and turning out not to be. But ya, no logical humanitarian reason to separate children from some of these people, right?
Deep state wants a new war. Trump called it off. Not giving Iran a pass, but let's face it, the war machine and old guard of Washington can't wait for the next big conflict gravy train. Trump has repeatedly said he's tired of the US being the police of the world. Obviously we may get our hand forced, but let's face it, not going to war with Iran is probably the best call right now.
This reminds me of the pre-Core 2 Duo days... It's been a long time since Intel has had to cut prices.
Lmao
And I guarantee you they still have a barter system amongst themselves. One of them goes fishing, catches more fish than he needs, another tribesman offers him something in exchange to save him from the hassle of cooking for his family that day. There will forever be some form of bartering or trade in every society. The only way around it is to essentially live as a hermit on your own in the wilderness.
I mean, donation to what organization? College students will often qualify for SNAP if you prove you are living on your own and not able to financially support yourself. It's even easier to qualify if you are working a part-time job whilst in college (harder if you choose not to work when in school, but 20 hrs a week working is not that much for AZ qualification). When I was in grad school I got them because I was broke and the University was paying me a whopping $22,000 a year stipend to survive as a job. Watch out for scams asking for money for charitable causes like food insecurity. Furthermore, even if you don't qualify for grants for whatever reason, in application to the FAFSA program, they will offer you then student loans subsidized by the US gov't as in a "Stafford Loan." Obviously it's not ideal to take out loans, but they will offer you more than enough to cover food expenses whilst you take classes.
While maybe not "Mexican Food" nachos like we might be used to, I just stopped by this place recently with my wife called "Fini's Landing" at Sunrise/Swan and we got their nachos and they were phenomenal. Note, they are not the massive "Super Nachos" you get at a place like Nico's, and they weren't even a huge plate like you'd get at even a Chili's, but they were like these awesome Carne Asada nachos, good enough for 2 as an appetizer. They are now my favorite Nachos. We kind of lucked out and they had them as a happy hour appetizer too. Other than that? I also will jump on the Nico's bandwagon for the big $9 "meal" of Nachos lol
As a competitive bodybuilder maybe you should seeing a Physician trained in sports medicine. You will find a lot of D.O. type of Orthopedic doctors that tend to specialize in this field, but they are not your traditional M.D.s, though that's probably not too big of a deal for general family practicioner. I would just google Sports Medicine in Tucson and see what you can find. There's probably too many good ones for someone to give you the best recommendation. It also depends on what you are looking for. If you'd like a small family practice private business type of doctor in sports medicine, well, there's Dr. Michael F Hamant on the east side of Tucson that seems to do that. Or, you can go to your corporate medical hub at Northwest Allied Physicians, just near Golf n' Stuff, in that area, and find an Ortho D.O. who specializes in Sports Medicine as well. Don't be afraid to go to one appointment and chat, see if you get a feel for the doctor, see if they listen to you and spend time with you rather than an in and out 6 minute checkup as they rush to the next patient. You may also need to find an office that accepts your insurance. For example, I used to have Blue Cross Blue Shield and everyone took that in Tucson, and then my company swapped to a new provider who less people took.
Yes, US gov't hit a Doctors without Borders hospital and killed a bunch of European doctors and nurses as well. The fact we even hit a hospital at all was pretty shady, but we were hitting it because we heard insurgents were getting treated at it. They claim it was faulty intel that it was a hospital run by a French International organization and they were not treating terrorists. Even if they were treating terrorists, doctors typically take oaths that they will treat anyone, even bad people, so the fact we targeted a hospital at all was pretty shady. A target like that goes all the way up to the top for authorization. Of course, they gave Obama cover and the media gave him a pass.
Russia literally does this almost daily and we don't shoot them down, so your point?
Well if you ask Reddit, Iran is the smart and reliable and tolerant people and the US deserve what they get, so clearly Iran wouldn't make up those numbers, even though that plane is crewed by 9 to10 people, and clearly Iran wouldn't lie about the position of the drone and they are the ones right even though every other air tower in the surrounding area monitoring the Straight confirmed the US' drone position on radar with full overlayed maps of all air traffic and Iran refused to present evidence. But ya, F Trump and America, right?
Rofl this is hilarious
This is sadly true, I agree.
In case anyone is wondering, 10 year bond is around 2% right now.
Eh, I would have rather got tips. A "decent wage" is far less than you would make in tips. I was making $25+ an hour in tips when I was a waiter at just a mid-level restaurant in the US (The Outback) and that was 12 years ago when I was in college. Prices are even higher now which means % of total check is higher. No way paying a decent wage could compensate for it. The reality is that the service industry makes extremely good money in the US and this is ultimately why they don't want it to change. Shitty server? Bad tips. The server jobs pay a solid middle-class income for someone with zero post-high school education, hence why some people just outright make careers out of it. Our top long-term servers that got the best evening weekend shifts, and always the best arrangement of tables were making an absolute killing. This is why people in the actual industry do not want an actual 'decent wage' to be paid because restaurants could not actually afford to pay staff $50,000+ per year each each and in reality, if you are good at your job, you could make even more. The women in particular always made more because guys are dumb and tip female waitresses often more than the 18-20% standard. Attractive girls with fun personalities and still good as a server at their job? Damn, I saw some girls pulling in $300+ a night on a 6hr shift ($50+ per hour avg) just because they knew how to play the game. Hell, there was an understanding with the hostess' at the front door to sit the "guy tables" with certain servers if they could. The people that actually work in the industry don't want things to change.
I live in Tucson and there are a ton of agents in this town. They're usually pretty chill. Probably just met a few difficult ones.
Almost everyone I know has had eventual problems with their front loaders. They are better with water and energy, but I find they often take longer. We did it once. I had them for 3 years and hated them so much I felt a little guilty about giving them to my brother. Things like having to keep the door propped open was weird, even though we have a full-size laundry room. You have to be very diligent about keeping them cleaned out, as in, Affresh, or even some vinegar in them, or else they get moldy. My wife and I absolutely love our top loader without the agitator, however. They still churn the water pretty good, with the way the bottom of the drum has almost like paddles that still push and "agitate" the water. I mean, the reality is that nothing really beats a center agitator in terms of legitimate cleaning potential. But saying that, nothing really beats scrubbing clothes by hand on an old wash board either, so the trade-off is the convenience. Top loader without an agitator, ever since doing that, we've been in love. Be warned, some people really like the laundry room layouts of having the table/counter over the units, and in that case you need front loaders. So, don't just get them based on these issues alone. Think long-term, think of your laundry room, think of your plans for the interior design of that space if that matters to you because most "modern" look is going for these front-loaders.
In-game data dumps can only happen once per 10 minutes, if my memory is right, so faster than the once per hour web pulls, but other than that you'd have to scan page by page, which in itself would probably take &gt; 10 minutes. The solution you are looking for unfortunately doesn't exist. Depending on what you are doing, however, you can setup a sniping type alert system that will scan certain items over and over and over in real-time, and you can do that on a 2nd account, and it will alert you when it sees a price within your threshold, but you'd have to be looking for specific items, or have an account solely dedicated to sitting constantly running scans. No available API otherwise.
The sad thing is with the right personality and outgoing nature, you can have and be friends with the *unpopular* people and still be popular yourself. I was always a bit of a math and video game geek and so I resonated well with the geeky kids that just talked about the latest PS2 video game system coming out or how we got LAN gaming to work on PC for Unreal or Quake or something. But, I also was a starter on the football team, ran track, and was part of the competition cheer "club" since my mother was a regional cheer director and my sisters were into cheer, I naturally fell into it with my gymnastics background. Everyone knew I was kind of a geek, into geeky things, but I was friendly with everyone and because of that, no one cared. There maybe is certain levels of expectations in terms of taking care of yourself, of course, having proper hygiene, which are things that box some into their own circle, so if you dress clean cut, you're fine. I wish younger people would learn that you can get people to conform to you, you don't have to conform to them, and awkward conversations about the "dweebs" can always be defused with a little bit of humor, kindness, and changing the subject when people who think they are cooler than them bring stuff like that up.
The good thing is you don't have to worry about any of these things until the month the game is being released. You don't have to buy it if it doesn't appeal to you. The original Midgar area was 5-8hrs of gameplay, not what this is going to be. You cannot compare them. This isn't like them just adding a fresh coat of paint on the game. This is a whole new rebuilding of it. The original FF7 section you did not really get to explore Midgar. You had a couple of places you went through, a couple of districts after the bomb blast, and meeting up with Aeris, but it was not an open and explorable world. It was essentially on the rails at that point. You could only go from point A to point B, screen by screen, and it was 5-8hrs of gameplay. There was actually very little actual combat in those few hours as well. It was mostly world-building RPG dialog. This is clearly going for a full recreation of this "city." Remember, when FF7 came out, it was literally a PSX game on very low-end hardware. Building a full city was not really considered in the time. Times are different now. The FF7 team has said as much of their goals for making Midgar feel like this real living and breathing and giant city. So, while this might be episodic, it's probably going to be episodic for maximum income on a FF7 remake, but I suspect the other issues is they cannot spend 8 years developing the game. If you are building something episodic, one of the first challenges is building all the underlying tech, the custom API for your game, the art assets, the core game design aspects and flow of things and so on. That can take years and years. If you do it right you can get to the point where most of what you are doing then is just staging the scenes for storytelling and not much underlying coding has to be built from scratch, just using the built tools to expand your game. As such, the first release is always very long, but the subsequent episodes can come out significantly faster. I suspect the most-likely circumstance is 1 year in-between each. I am certain they are building this with scaling in mind. Considering how SquareEnix is building all their games with PC compatibility these days as well, scaling is all the more easy to anticipate it coming out for PS5. In fact, I have zero plans on buying this for PS4. I will either wait for the PC release, or if Sony has exclusivity on it, just get it on the PS5. I can be patient and wait. I waited for FF15 on my PC, and I think the wait was worth it given how much better it runs on my high-end gaming PC. The reality is this... you just don't know. All the questions you asked in the latter half of your post have no real answer. Don't worry about them. Stop bothering your thoughts with them. The game is still too far out for the devs to give you real answers on half of them. Stop being paranoid over it. You can't change it. It's not worth the emotional investment. Just know that the questions will become more clear by March 2020 and until then you are just causing yourself to suffer over something you have zero power to change since no one can give you answers to several of those questions.
Can confirm... gold capped (or used to, recently dropped a few mil on some more mounts), and I do not raid. It's too expensive and time consuming. I either make gold on the AH or I raid. I'd rather make gold on the AH. It's not that you *can't* do both, it's that I am older now, have kids, a career, am married, and as such, my time is limited. It's one or the other. Oh and, I should also mention that when I did raid AND I was extremely wealthy, I was often asked to provide welfare flasks for players that couldn't afford it and as the guild leader, essentially guilt-tripped into helping provide for the raids. When you are rich and leading something, people assume you can front the expenses. They don't realize that the vast majority of wealth comes by just saving and consistent behavior with professions and an AH routine over a long enough period of time.
Too broad a question. Talk about specific species and we can blame humans... like Rhinos, for example, or humans wiping out the Emus in New Zealand and so on. Extinction is just a part of evolution in many "natural" cases. Obviously we should be worried about extinction of many animals, but often several animals that are on the edge of extinction have been on the edge for thousands of years and the only reason they are still around is because humans are helping them stay around. They probably would have died off on their own.
I'd say this requires an emergency session at the Senate and with Congress to call in Google heads to answer for this and to start Antitrust investigations immediately.
They are still high - My guess is it'll end up like the end of Legion when Gul'dan runs for mount only cost 500k to 1 million gold by the end. It's still too early now. Since slightly longer clear to boss, maybe price might not slip *as* much, but it will go down.
People want them to use the movie character designs, I get it... but how much money would that cost? I don't think people realize how absurdly expensive it would be to not even just get their character faces in the game, not even considering how much it'd cost them to do the voices. There's just too many major actors nowadays, and at the end of the day, it's not even the actors that could just volunteer to do it for free if they wanted. Disney owns the licensing rights and IP to Marvel. Crystal Dynamics would have to negotiate with Disney and write them a huge check just to get the scans in. It's too bad, but I am keeping an open mind. I play the Avengers Pinball games and they use the comic book likenesses as well, or generic ones, so it's easy to get used to.
Company I work for was/still is profitable had over 1000 people quit in less than 6 months (of roughly 3000 employees). People are still leaving the company, but the first dump happened quick. Private company, not publicly traded, but internal share program as "employee owned." We are part of a conglomerate of 27 companies, my company being about 15 million profit per year and rising year over year 10-15%, but the total value of all of our companies, with the consulting side being the most profitable, at around 2.5 to 3 billion dollars. Well, the CEO and co-founder for the parent company was a really good guy and really involved. While profits were important, he was obsessed with making sure every one of the 27 companies was part of the "family" and that it was a family-focused company. Benefits were great, employment was steady. You worked hard, but you got rewarded with company trips, the annual party in Florida all 27 companies wide. He tried to keep the company as a "faith-based" in culture, though not compulsory involvement. This meant that corporate meetings usually closed with a prayer and so on. Well, he died last year. He was old, not that unexpected. Company was founded originally in 78, so it's been 40 years running. His partner, life-long friend and co-founder is this hardcore business type, profits before anything type, that wants to take the company to the next level and doesn't really care about all this other stuff. Literally within 6 months of taking over he decided to company wide, literally all 27 companies, unless you were a VP level executive or higher (even regional management got didn't qualify), they cut all benefits, pushed out new contracts, and converted everyone to a 1099 independent contractor. Oh and, no one got a pay bump to make up for this. So, you literally were on the same pay, but now 1099 and have to owe the taxes on that, and you lost all your benefits (it was an 80/20 arrangement, company paid 80%, so this was a loss of maybe $700 a month for family, or $8500+ per year for family). The new CEO's idea was that only the most capable would survive and stick around and be the most profitable. Well... there was essentially a massive uprising and over 1000 people quit the company over the last year (I think the first 1000 was in less than 6 months, about 500 of them all quit the first month and refused to sign the new contract). I am still with it myself for now because my most profitable quarter is from July to October, but once I am through that, I am gone. I have zero plans to stick around. I've gotten job offers with other companies already. I know I will have zero issue jumping ship. Half of our top consultants all left as well, which was the most profitable side of the company. One of the reasons they liked us was because many of them ran their own businesses for years and decided to kind of take it easier with a solid company as a consultant, collect their paycheck, not have to be the entrepreneur anymore, but still make a good living. Pushing them to 1099 essentially had other issues that forced them to treat their "business" once again with lead generation, and grind again day to day to make a living. Ya, they all jumped ship to alternative companies. So, is my company still profitable? It is, actually, but discontent among the workforce is extremely high and I can't help feel like the parent company is a sinking ship. Our revenue was WAY down. CEO basically sends out a monthly letter and he called it growing pains in the new transition that in the long run is going to be great. He just really believes in the new "gig" economy and wanted to save 50 million a year by treating it as such - the former CEO never would have dreamed of doing this. He loved the people and the company too much. He loved that the company could give people jobs and the stability and so on. He took pride in it. Super charitable and friendly guy as well. We literally got word our company was cutting ties with various charities out there that we had been intertwined with for decades as well not that long ago. New CEO cutting all that out. There are no more incentive trips. There are no more executive and presidential levels that offer different incentives based on performance. I was actually offered a regional position and I turned it down because it meant more travel with little extra pay, and I'd probably end up losing money because I wasn't negotiating new contracts and making money in my home town. I also don't want to deal with everyone's discontent in this mess. Oh and, my former boss as the regional director and he was with the company for 17 years and he jumped ship. He said he thought he was going to die with this company when he hired me. I really like him a lot. He said it didn't work for his family the changes so he left and makes *more* with another company that has benefits and W-2 status again. WTF! So ya... our brilliant new CEO killed off half the company's work force. Lots of people unhappy.
You see, with something a bit lower level like C, you have to explicitly tell it everything to do. This is tedious. However, it gives you a sense of how much effort a certain action takes. For example, several languages have built in .sort() methods that save a ton of time. But, for a new programmer, it can be deceiving to them how much effort is actually being used to perform that sort and so they write code maybe less-efficient because they don't understand the underlying process that is going on and that it's not as simple as it seems. So, when learning to program it really does help to learn these things. I personally think there needs to be a healthy medium or else people will get burnt out. You will have people lose interest in programming or feel too intimidated by it if there is too much to learn at first or the entry level of your first program is too high. This is why I personally think a language like Java is perfect to learn on. It still does all your garbage collection automatically and it has a lot of modern features built-in, but at the same time it's relatively easy to jump into. It still forces you to understand types and so on. This is one of the reasons I don't advocate people to learn on Python. While it's not necessarily bad, it allows you to be sort of lazy in your programming and so if you get used to that it makes it very hard to transition to other languages like C# and Java or even Javascript because you haven't really learned to think in fixed array sizes and handling different types and objects and so on. I think it's far easier for someone to go from Java to Python than it is the other way around. The same can even be said for C. It's far easier for someone who has learned C to swap to Java or C# than it is for a Java user to jump back to C. But I don't disagree. C is convoluted a bit, and you can break things with it :D
Supply and demand. If supply is low and people really want the mount, price will go high. If there's a lot of guilds doing guild runs, supply is high. BFA has seen a cratering of activity in Warcraft compared to Legion. I suspect supply will not be near as high of end-game guilds doing Mythic mount runs, and even worse, the runs take more time, unlike Gul'dan. We might be lucky if it drops to 1 million gold.
The fact that Trump called Bolton a "Warhawk" and admitted he was knowingly, and said he only has him there so he can hear both sides really helped ease my concerns with Bolton being brought on.
Fair enough. I spent a decent amount of time in Lua making Warcraft addons (still maintain a fairly active one), and I have retrain my brain every time I use Lua to remember tables/arrays start at index 1 lol
Lol, as someone who splurged for the expensive stuff, this makes me /sadface
Ya, my trash does free bulk bi-annually. Just put it by the curb. It's quite convenient. We time large purchases around that.
Ya, I actually know someone like this. They are actually wonderful people and amazing foster parents, but they have a farm and 12 teenage foster kids. All the foster kids work the farm. They get praised for teaching the kids responsibility and hard work, which is true, they do, but I can't help but shake from my mind the reality that they are not just getting free labor for their farm, the government is paying them for 12 foster kids. I personally think it's far more beneficial for these kids to be here than anywhere else, but I mean, they are getting free labor. With that being said, every kid that made it to 18 and graduated the foster program still at their home they actually adopted into their own family, some even before, if the kid wanted, and they really do show them a lot of love. But, I know they are making a killing on their farm when they have a huge team working without pay. They are quite wealthy.
100% meth addict wandering homes to steal shit to sell for drugs. She was a hardcore junkie, guaranteed.
Former cancer biologist/researcher here (transitioned to computational and systems biology.). I will give you the simple answer, and then a more lengthy explanation as to the mechanics of the process some might find more enlightening. So, the answer is that they break off from the core clump of cancerous cells and end up in the blood stream and end up seeded somewhere else by traveling in the blood stream. One of the "hallmarks of cancer" is the ability to be an independent cell that is essentially autonomously growing out of control due to a breakdown in regulatory controls that would prevent this. These regulatory controls are broken because of mutated DNA, either through outside damage, like radiation (xray and UV ray), or even just an accumulation of copy errors that happen over a lifetime. While DNA is very good at replicating, when you have 50 trillion cells in your body, just statistical probably some of them will occasionally miscopy and potentially break a critical gene in the process. So, think of it like this, cancer is now essentially an imperfect cell. A cell that *mostly* functions normal, except it is growing out of control. With that in mind you can now understand how it spreads in this next step. As the cancerous cell grows and grows and grows it eventually reaches a stage where it becomes too big and it becomes hypoxiated, meaning it is so large it can no longer sustain its own growth because of lack of oxygen. Well, when a cell is hypoxiated it secretes proteins(particularly VEGF) into the surrounding tissue to encourage vascular growth to deliver oxygen and nutrients to the deprived areas. These blood vessels grow into the cancerous. Of note, the cancerous clump is maybe 1cm^3 at this point in size when this occurs, not too big of a deal. Well, the problem now is as these blood vessels grow into the cancerous clump of cells allowing further growth and size expansion, these blood vessels are imperfect, flawed, "leaky" is often how they are described, because of degradation of the cell and the quality of the cell. Well, now, you are in a very dangerous position with the cancer. At this point the cancer now is capable of breaking off into the blood stream and ending up planting somewhere else. If the cell is sufficiently self-autonomous and independent of outside signals, and just doing its own thing, it may obtain mobility and drift into the blood stream. Once it is in the bloodstream, all bets are off. Surgery is often no longer a possibility when cancer is now in 300 different places of your body, and death is rapid. This step is extremely complex because it requires a somewhat transformation of the cell at this point to occur, to be able to become mobile. Some cancers tend to plant in other tissues more easily, so often you will find a certain metastasized cancer end up in the lungs, or the brain stem, or some other vital organ. Just remember, it is rarely the site of the original cancerous growth that kills you. It is when it spreads to something vital, whilst still growing out of control, that kills you. This is why skin cancer is deadly. I mean, why would a clump of cancerous cells growing on your arm be deadly, right? Well, if it's metastasized, it's in your bloodstream, it ends up in your vital organs and now you have body-wide organ failure and you die. I hope this helps.
Chances are if it is found in a few places, there's also a hundred, or more other micro-places it is not noticed. The organs it just becomes obvious because you can see the vital signs easily. Death is usually pretty rapid, but often in cancer if you were to surgically open them up you might find cancer everywhere, if they lived long enough. Some metastatic cancers are extremely prolific and make surgery impossible.
It was kind of a mediocre song too. I used to live inSouth Africa so I am happy they had a chance to shine on a national stage, but the song was not that great or original. I can't help but feel like people loved it because of the African style song rather than it being a legitimately good choir song. There's better African styled cultural choir songs. I suppose it could be smart to hold the best songs back for now though.
We had a kid everyone thought was going to grow up and become a serial killer. He often talked about hunting... like way too much, as he would go into the details of disemboweling the animals. I remember I had a biology class and he not only dissected that mouse faster than anyone, he proceeded to show us all how to skin the animal properly so you could remove the entire skin in one piece. He had an intimate knowledge of anatomy as well, even better than the teacher's. Anyway, we had to submit talent projects for school and apparently he was extremely into claymation or really, any stop-motion photography. So, he made a 15 minutes animation. It must have taken him months of hours of work everyday. It blew my mind the professional quality of this animation. It was almost as good as something coming out of a Hollywood studio in terms of quality. The smoothness of the animations and so on, the creativeness was off the charts... Oh and, his video was insanely gory that involved a lot of limb ripping, blood dripping, licking the blood, disemboweling people, a meat grinder where out of curiosity the main character stuck his own leg into the grinder and immediately collected the ground meat and proceeded lick it and squeeze it into shapes like play-dough, and so on. He also just seemed off. He always had this friendly smile with these glazed over eyes. It's hard to describe because he was such a unique individual, super friendly, but loved and I mean LOVED blood and murder and death. So, I looked him up on Facebook some years ago and he is the CTO in a rather large corporation, with a Masters in some field of engineering I don't remember, and he actually looked pretty good, so maybe he grew out of it all, but I just knew I'd never want to be in the same room with him alone somewhere as maybe I would end up his next kill. He just seemed like a remorseless individual.
I am confused. It said that the T_D mods removed all the threatening posts when reported and banned people, but because Reddit admins had to, on avg, handle removing roughly 1 post from a random person per day over the last month they had to quarantine them? You don't have to like the pro Trump sub, but if that's the standard, couldn't anyone just brigade literally any sub in a coordinated effort to quarantine or ban it? It just seems odd to me that if the mods were complying with the rules and removing the posts or banning people, there really shouldn't be a problem. Also, they all seem to be centered on this one issue. The whole thing seems odd to me because like or hate them, they are an extremely pro police force subreddit.
Didn't they though? The official Reddit response to the mods of the T_D community said that while they were removing everything, the Reddit admins still had to remove roughly 30 things themselves over the last month (avg 1 per day). Some of those things they linked to be removed weren't even the Oregon thing, they were just Project Veritas video links which apparently they are removing now for "personal information" over the Google execs talking about stopping Trump in 2020. Also, the reasoning? That T_D is quarantined because of threats of violence against the police? Really? You expect me to buy that T_D, one of the most pro-police subreddits and safe-havens for people in the police force is an anti-police, violence against the police place that needs to be quarantined? I just can't buy that. That seems targeted. I feel like I would have to lower my IQ by 50 pts to believe that explanation. That's like the NBA subreddit getting quarantined because too many people posting comments calling for violence against NBA teams because they hated basketball. I just don't buy it.
As a numbers guy who makes spreadsheets for everything, for convenience AND fun, this sounds great to me :D
This sounds bad, but the good news is that you get to find out if it is your baby before you put your name blindly on that birth certificate. 100% get a paternity test. You can do it before she has her baby. If she shows resistance to this, you probably have your answer already. She might be worried, and might not know. Schedule the appointment. You can get a paternity test while the baby is still in the womb, it's super simple, and incredibly safe and easy, especially at 8 months along. You NEED to do this now, as in schedule an appointment within days. If she resists or fight this, tell her it will help put your mind at ease over this whole thing. If she still resists, I think you have your answer. The fact that she froze at all obviously means she knows what she is doing is wrong and is just trying to play it off as innocent. Talk to the other wife, ask her what her husband needed to fix as to why he was over your house to borrow tools. Sorry bro, but the whole thing is wrong. I don't even get coffee with business colleagues in a platonic business sense because just the appearance of being one on one with another woman I don't think is appropriate as a married guy. I couldn't imagine any scenario it's ok to be 1 on 1 with another woman in my home alone if my wife had to work, even "as neighbors," and here he is with his hands on your wife, and she was allowing it. If he wanted to touch the baby, it's usually "Ok sure, just touch right here," and it's over in 15 seconds. It's not, "Ya, I get it your wife is infertile, well here, let me lift up my shirt, get some lotion and you can rub on me to quell your sorrow for being married to an infertile woman who can't have kids." Nowhere is any of this ok, and you need to stand up for yourself here. Oh and big red flag, no one borrows "a tool box." They borrow a specific tool. Example, my stud finder stopped working for some reason, so I went to my neighbor once ask if he had one as I was trying to hang something on the wall heavy and needed to find the studs. So, I borrowed that. I didn't go to him and be like "Can I borrow your toolbox?" Even if I needed more than one it's "Hey, can I borrow a phillips, some pliers, and a ratchet?" Not, can I borrow your toolbox. This whole story is BS. Your wife is lying. Sad for you man. This is a tough place to be in.
I guarantee you the bigger issue is that you are now engaged to him, but still friendly with an ex (or more) who you were very intimate with. Seeing you have sex with the other guy, even though it was from before you were together, can be hard for some guys. When he knows you are still friends with them, it's even worse. Sex makes things complicated in life, you have kind of have to accept this to move on. There really is no such thing as the blind acceptance it was just for fun. It's unnatural in the biology world. We are wired to feel this type of jealousy, in a way. I am not saying his reaction is ok, but I am just pointing out that imo, that is why he is reacting negatively. I myself was in several relationships in my life and of all of them, only 1 breakup was ever what I'd call really bad. In fact, almost every girl I ever broke up with at some point tried to reconnect down the road, rebuild that connection by leaning on our history and so on. Well, once I was engaged I had to cut these people out of my life. I didn't do it to be mean to them or anything, I did it because I loved and cared for my new fiance, and since she was what mattered to me, not exes with history, it seemed like it wasn't worth the hassle of staying friends with exes at the expense of my fiance. Sure, she could have thought nothing of it, but the reality is that once there is a history, there's always going to be that thing in the back of their mind, that curiosity. It's worse if they are attractive and still doll themselves up. It's ruined relationships for me in the past where I am with a girl, they don't care I have exes, then they see maybe one of mine, see how pretty she was, and all of a sudden they get very self-conscious and start doubting themselves. Imagine now me staying friendly with not just a pretty ex, but one I was physically involved with? The reality is that once you are making the decision to marry in life, things need to change. Your focus and goals and friends will change. They have to, for the sake of your partner. You can make it work out, say things are platonic, you don't think of them in that way, but it matters. It will still bug you. Maybe he was just over this and it gave him his excuse for the exit... just my opinion.
I had a coworker who was sort of into me, even though I was married. She was super friendly, but never went past being professional and platonic, but I could sense she wouldn't have said no if I was like, "Hey, let's get coffee sometime!" Nothing ever came of it, but at a work event I think my wife kind of got a sense of it. Not that she thought I was considering or guilty of cheating on her, but that this woman was into me. She just got a vibe, and I knew instantly because she started asking me questions about her, like "what does she do at the office?" or "What is her responsibilities?" or "Do you have to work with her much?" Things she tried to play off as innocent with the "Oh she seems pretty cool" before asking... but I knew. So, I basically just distanced myself from her as necessary. I was pretty open with my wife about it, and just stopped the small chat at work, and so on. I knew my wife trusted me because as she knew I was straight with her about not wanting her to get the wrong impression. I even told her that I get it, that I didn't want the "work wife" because I felt it was a weird connotation that might make my wife feel uncomfortable, and how my friend Tyler did that and it just ended badly. This works for me as I am a biologist and I have been pretty upfront with my wife in my belief that it is *hard* for guys and girls to just be friends. Not impossible, but hard because it's somewhat unnatural, given our human biological instincts. If you spend enough time with someone of the opposite sex, you end up appreciating them more, maybe more attracted to them, and innate instincts kick in. She knows I feel this way, and she reciprocates out of respect. Here you are. Your husband doesn't like this guy. You tell your husband it is nothing, to not worry, and you placed your business relationship with this guy above your husband's concerns. Maybe he shouldn't be concerned. Maybe it is innocent, but he felt threatened and rather than assuage his concerns, you doubled down on them by going on a "work trip" with him, which was decidedly vague. Was it just you and this coworker together, on a car ride? Shared a plane ride? Hotel rooms next door to each other? I have to travel often for work and let me tell you, business conference trips are one of the biggest messes of infidelity I have ever seen. Not all. There's a lot of professional family people at them that don't do anything, but there's a lot of "family" people that screw around, completely no strings attached, with a perfect understanding this is a one-time (for now) business trip fun thing where you get to let loose a little. Married people sleeping with other married people. It's like the wild west in the evenings. It's one of the reasons I actually transitioned to the company I work for now because the culture was a little more tame, but holy hell my last company was like a frat party and sorority party of 25-40 year olds going wild. I've had my fair share of times I needed to ward of any hint of wanting to do anything by pulling out my phone and showing family pictures to everyone. But hey, sometimes that doesn't work either, sometimes that makes you seem even hotter and more fun, as they show their family pictures too. Doesn't stop them. This is known. This is not a secret of the business world. It's pretty common knowledge. I don't blame the guy, personally. Maybe he should have handled it differently in tact, but I get it. You haven't helped ease his concerns. There are such things as "emotional affairs" too.
Best freakin post here. Great job.
Ya, honestly, every single one of those games had extremely memorable tracks. It's pretty damn hard to be that consistent, but even now, some Morrowind songs are just timeless, and the same can be said of Oblivion. In some ways I actually enjoyed Oblivion's track more than Skyrim, but I can't deny that Skyrim was just so absurdly good too.
Ya, it seems really staged. I completely agree. It's kind of like the Walrus/giraffe dude... I mean, there is no way that whole sequence of events was not planned. I wouldn't be surprised if he was even on payroll.
As a parent, yes, this is normal. Typically you buy something for all at the same time. Sometimes you can get away with only buying a "need" for a kid by going shopping on your own and just slipping it in their stuff. If you go shoe shopping you need to go together. $600 for shoes on a kid is idiotic, however, considering how fast they grow out of them.
To be fair, $3900 a month is fairly middle-class in that area of California. California is extremely overpriced and pricey to live in. You couldn't even get a mortgage for $3900 a month in a place like San Francisco. You are talking about maybe a $600,000 loan. That's not even enough for a condo is some places.
I mean, you don't have to like Trump, but his wealth and debt is public record on the properties he owns, and what he still has debt on. This is required by law to report to the FEC when running for President. If Trump lied about this or misled in any way there's about 25,000 people who work at these institutions who would know whether he has debt on it or not. A lien on a property is also public record. Do you think the Democrats have not dug into the liens on every single property and business tied to Trump? Yet, here we are, 2.5 years into his presidency, 4 years since he first announced, and no one has presented evidence otherwise. The ONLY thing they have claimed is things like "Trump said Mar-A-Lago is worth 750 million, we think it's only worth 400 million," and so on. The dude is a billionaire in asset value. Now, he only had 750 million in "cash" on hand, the rest was in value assets (which is pretty typical for a wealthy people who would rather have their money invested and working for them than losing money by day in a bank account due to inflation). Again, you don't have to agree with Trump or like him, it doesn't mean it's ok to misrepresent his wealth. It was a "hope" and a "dream" that he had lied about his assets. Turns out he hasn't. He only exaggerated what he thought they were worth vs what others did. He didn't invent properties or lie about debts.
I'd rather not say considering I gave away the grade my friend's wife teach, and that would essentially be enough to dox her on the internet.
In all honesty, there is a certain level of diminishing returns at private schools the more expensive it gets, but often it has more to do with consistent quality, class size, and all of the connections that go with it. Often these college prep type private schools are open doors to the ivy leagues, half their parents, if not more, are alumni of various ivy leagues, and you know you are going to get a quality education. Often you get university professor level instructors at the grade-school level as well. The same requirements at top universities the teachers are often held to similar standards. It really is a different world. My wife and I considered taking our kids to a private school that was roughly 15k per year and we were blown away with how phenomenal it was compared to the public school options. We live in Arizona, however, so charter schools are big and there are some incredible charter school options, like BASIS, that clog up the top rated public schools in the US. Private schools there often is no real comparison or metric.
Just remember, in humans, cancer is deadly depending on where it is growing. If it reaches stage IV and metastasizes then it could be everywhere. However, why would skin cancer kill you? How does a growth of cells on your arm kill you? Well, the answer is that the growth happening on your arm doesn't kill you. It's when the cancer ends up spreading to other vital organs of the body through the circulatory system and growing there it kills you. Plants do get tumors on occasion. However, they do not have this circulatory system to spread around cancerous tumors, which would ultimately kill the plant. So, they are just a bit more resistant to the nature of DNA that breaks down as a result and are not likely to be killed by a stationary tumor. The tumors they do get are anchored by the cell walls, but in some cases can cause structural damage. Most weird tumors I have seen are the result of invasive bacteria or viral.
Honestly, I just want to be a good dad for my kids. I have extreme ADHD at times and find that I am unable to do more than one thing at a time, but my job requires a ton of texting, emails, and followup, follwup, and followup! One of the things that makes me good at my job is how attentive and quick to respond to clients. But then when I get an email in the evening, I need to get it over with, to email out before I can function, and my kids will often try to talk to me while I am emailing and I don't even hear them. It's a total zone out until I hit send. I don't mean to do this, but then I feel like I can't function unless I get it done. It's the other way around though too. If I am talking to one of my kids and the other tries to talk to me I can't hear them. All I can hear and think about is the daughter I am talking to. As such, my kids will often tell me I have bad hearing and so on. It makes me feel bad. I really try to focus on them and spend time on them intently. I've never figured out a good balance in this. I really really want this problem to go away, but I am not sure if it ever will.
This is kind of what we do. One at a time, but they are still young so it is a process if they are energized to tell me something.
I think this is the best advice here. There's some handymen out there that are legitimately really good. There's some bad ones too. You will know pretty quick.
While I am not here to deny climate change, as a scientist myself, it's typically not a good idea to use one point of data as an evidence lest you stand on a shaky foundation. The hottest day on record where I live was set in the late 1800s. We've matched it a couple of times and had hotter than normal heat waves, but the hottest day on record was over a century ago. Using the logic here of a single day breaking a record one could say we've actually cooled considered we haven't matched the original, which is probably not the case.
This is Blizzard now - look how terrible BFA launch was for World of Warcraft in terms of character design and rotations. Universally panned. Hell, they even admitted Shamans were absolutely completely broken at launch, but they still launched anyway. It was so bad and Blizz's entire response was, "Well, we can't change it now, next expansion is in 18 months or so!" I just don't get Blizz's stance on things nowadays... If it's broken, rolling it back is ok. I think the problem is the sunk cost fallacy. Blizz devs work so hard on something, they didn't quite predict how bad it would be received or handled, and even though it didn't work out right, because they built it you are stuck with it til next season.
Which is why I am convinced many of the core devs don't even play their own game anymore, at least not in a legitimately serious way, even if they claim to. Blizzard devs used to make games that they would want to play themselves. World of Warcraft was built with heart and passion and in a way that the devs themselves would love to play and be a part of. The devs now don't even talk about that anymore. All they talk about is how they can "get players more engaged," which is new video game corporate speak for "here is how we get them to play X more hours." It has literally nothing to do with a system being fun or not. It's just spreadsheet design now. I also still don't understand why Blizz has this stupid philosophy of needing to reinvent the wheel of every class every expansion. From Classic to WOTLK, hunters behaved mostly the same, just got a couple more spells. Ya, some tweaks here and there, but it was really just expanding your toolchest. Then, things got a bit bloated, so they decided to change the talent trees up, get rid of some things that were kind of broken, like hybrid specs due to talent trees, and then began to prune spells, albeit minimally. This was mostly ok though because they didn't completely destroy your character that you had just spent the last 5 years with. Somewhere down the road all of a sudden Blizz decided that every expansion they need to rebuild each class again so you had to re-learn your character. This is not fun. You tolerate it, but it is not fun. It sucks to have to re-do your macros, your toolbars, learn your rotation again literally every expansion. And, if something is broken, you don't even wait til next season in Warcraft, you wait til next expansion most of the time.
I mean, did you guys listen to the press conference? He was making a joke and all the reporters laughed. People need to lighten up a little here.
Just to add some advice, rather than answer this question, as I have met a lot of people I was online friends with and never regretted, I want to say the trick is advanced vetting. Every person I was long-time friends with, many for years and years through when I was an avid Warcraft player, I also was Facebook friends with. We had already broken the "who is who" gap by becoming real-life(RL) friends on Facebook. The way we did this was by creating a guild community on Facebook and saying people could join the "private" group, but not a requirement. Many joined as their real selves. Some obviously joined with alternate personality facebook pages. It was fairly obvious who was real and who was not because often people come with their own RL friends and groups, and you can kind of see their progression on Facebook. No need to call anyone out about it. There was respect at people that preferred to be anonymous or maintain a persona. That IS one of the fun things of online gaming is maintaining a persona or a fantasy of a player. Regardless, the few I agreed to meet at various things and were not far, usually just out of "Hey, I happen to be in your town that weekend," and they were exactly as expected from just being online Facebook friends as well. Just pre-vet them and you should be good.
And the USSR was not doing this? Should Reagan have never approached them for peace in the 80s because of their atrocities? We want these atrocities to end. We want the death camps to end. Maybe the first steps is creating a dialogue, building a relationship, and laying the foundation for the future. If your requirement to start this process began at requiring them to be a proper 1st world nation free of human rights issues before negotiating anything, then nothing will ever happen and NK would just isolate themselves more.
Bruh
Good thing gerrymandering doesn't affect the Senate or Presidential races, but ya, Dems gerrymander hardcore.
He needs to wait until the Durham report (and accompanying indictments) is released, but I think he ends up pardoning them all.
Yes, but retail has so much overhead. All of the employees, the properties, the daily expenses, the shrink (stolen losses), insurance costs, and a million other things that cut into your profit gains. Running a retail business is so much more expensive than people realize.
Ya, they just take others' photos as their own and post a bunch of memes or crap. If it is a friend of a friend, you might have just been recommended for an invite. If you have zero connections to them and it's just this spam and they have like 10,000 friends... it's a bot.
Ya, so there is a reason they say "A fed bear is a dead bear." The reality is that when large animals lose their fear of humans, it is only a matter of time before they become increasingly aggressive and start attacking. So, the only solution is to kill the animal. It sounds negative, but the reality is that we could not enjoy the outdoors in any capacity if large predatory animals were allowed to roam free. I understand your point, however, just let's compare it to a place like say, South Africa. Lions, and many other large predators no longer roam free. They now live in what are called "Game reserves" which are often hundreds, even thousands of square miles of protected land. The humans are now living in their former homes, their lands. Well, imagine if lions were still allowed to roam free? No one would allow their kids to walk to school. No one would be able to play outside. It would be a very dangerous place to live in... instead, their solution was instead of just killing all of the animals, they put them in open range zoos, so to speak, in these protected preserves. Well, we don't have those here. We still want to go hiking and go camping and no have Mountain Lions dragging little Cub Scouts out for a snack. So, these predators no longer see humans as a threat, but instead as something to eat, they become extremely dangerous and aggressive.
Well, this was in retaliation of their attack on the US embassy, so which act of war was first? Hell, this guy is personally responsible for the deaths of hundreds of US soldiers during the Iraqi insurgent problem of the Bush and Obama years where Iran directly armed and funded them under the direction of this guy. I am more surprised he wasn't taken out years ago.
Yup... and this is what has ruined so many games, by adding delay and grind mechanics that are not fun, not good game play decisions, but instead there to push more people to microtransactions. Sickening considering it was coming from a full price game.
So this headline is so clickbaity and misleading, but hey, what else can be expected in the news today. They voted to *limit* ALL foreign troop presence with a non binding resolution. Also, this was only *part* of the parliament that voted, the Sunni part of it who are obviously pro-Iranian. The other 2 groups of parliament chose not to show up for this vote. So, no one was expelled. Their vote was similar to what our Congress does all the time... make a bunch of "show" votes that don't actually do anything and are merely "symbolic votes." This headline even cherry picks just one quote from 1 person and not a statement voted on by the Iraqi parliament, although the headline tries to make it sound like that is what happened here. Furthermore, this effectively was a vote to say that they *want* to draw down troops from **ALL** nations that have troops in Iraq, which is not just the US, but of all coalition forces, so England and so on, but it was by no means an order of expulsion by any means at all. Any headline that says that is straight up fake news. Or, you could let the media manipulate you with misleading headlines and slanted presentations of the information to try to manipulate the readers rather than respecting your intelligence and just presenting the facts of what actually happened, and allowing you to decide for yourself. Agenda driven media doesn't want you to form your own opinions of course. What person do you choose to be? With that being said, I would be happy if our troops all left Iraq. The US should get out of the Middle East. 7 trillion dollars in the hole and the world is *worse* off thanks to the last 2 Presidents, and Trump needs to not make his legacy just President number 3 that contributed to endless wars.
Wait, so these guys are just straight-up rebranding Alibaba products and pitching themselves as THE company, very badly. Well, lesson learned to them I suppose. They want to be brand ambassadors and sales people... they don't even own the product, just their branding. Ouch. How is this in any way investable?
What was up with them trying to make it seem dangerous to throw a blanket over the crib? Huh? I have 3 kids and been on many trips staying in a hotel with the pack &amp; play. You literally just cover it with a small sheet or blanket. It is so simple. It works pretty well. Why would you want to go through the hassle of a whole mini tent? I didn't get this product at all. Throwing a blanket over the pack &amp; play takes 5 seconds. I just don't get it. Also, wtf, $150? I can get a 5 person legit name-brand tent for $100, and for $150, I bet I could get a legit 8 person Ozark one you can stand fully upright in, with a built-in Bluetooth speaker and maybe even LED lit poles. $150 for this mini crib one? I really didn't care for this product. Maybe this is a good product but it is definitely a niche high-end product only for people that want a more "designer" look for their pack &amp; play cover.
Holding hands among men is a sign of friendship and not a romantic gesture in most non-Western nations. Middle East and Africa the men hold hands if they are friends. It is cultural. They were best friends and not romantically interested. It has to do with love of a friend and nothing to do with romantic love.
Which is why this is actually interestingly written because he is supposed to essentially mirror the Jesus of the Bible and the Jews were waiting for their Messiah to redeem them from the Romans and when Jesus showed up many were expecting a warrior and he basically told them not to rebel against the Romans. I mean hell, the Romans ended up slaughtering them in 70 AD and spreading them across the empire and getting rid of the Jewish state because of the rebellion just decades after. Also, in the Bible in Matthew 10:34-35 &gt; 34 Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword. &gt; 35 For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law. He basically was saying that his message was going to divide people, even within their own families, and he knew it was going to be divisive. In this show they kind of mirror this so much, that he is aware of how controversial his message was, how it was so divisive, and Jesus straight-up says in the Bible he wasn't there to get everyone to play along nice, just to do God's work, and that might lead to violence at times as it divides people. He never claimed he would be the great unifier and this show really shows this side as well, that even if he is the Messiah, maybe he isn't the great unifier that people think he will be. To me, I just think it is smart writing.
This was also right when The Matrix hit DVD and was one of the big hyped movies for this new DVD format. Sony capitalized on that and sold a combo pack for like $15 that came with several things, including The Matrix on DVD. I had so many friends want to come over and experience this new DVD thing and also play a PS2 game. There weren't a lot of options, but I think I got The Bouncer and SSX snowboarding and it was more than enough to entertain people.
So, is that why Iran cut off the internet when they killed over 1500 Civilian protestors in their country recently? They were afraid their own citizens were going to tell the truth to the world? Solomenei and the Quds were linked to the mass murder of the civilian protestors. Obama himself declared and designated Solomenei a terrorist, even amidst the Iran deal negotiations. Amazing how many people choosing to believe and accept Iranian propaganda purely out of their disdain for Trump.
So, Iran just killed over 1500 Iranian Civilian protestors in their country and cut the internet to them while doing it. Do you still think Iran is ok? Solomeni is responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians and was the leader of the insurgent roadside bomb operation. He is personally responsible, according to former Presidemt Obama, who designated him a terrorist, as being directly responsible for the death of over 600 US troops. Yet Trump is the one to blame for this and you take Iran's side huh? I'll tell you this, a massive % of the Iranian population don't support their own tyrannical government. I suppose you do though? Or, are you maybe rethinking your position on the matter?
I mean, THAAD is pretty amazing. Wait for real info before reading anything. Iran said they fired "tens" of missiles, so at least 20, likely more. Also, Iran's media is lying and claiming every missile has dodge defenses and struck its target. Any reports out of Iran about struck targets are absolute BS. Hell, official Iranian media is claiming mass US casualties while no coalition force has claimed of any even injuries. Wait til tomorrow for better sources on things.
There isn't any new evidence released. He is just repeating CNN's misleading headlines that Bolton is willing to testify, if subpoena'd, that's it, and Pelosi trying to add a 3rd article of impeachment for something, but there's been no release of new evidence. It's basically they are upset that the hearings turned into a political disaster and Trump's polling went up so they went back and said, "let's do a re-do because we have new evidence, and we'll tell you about that evidence in our re-do, but we aren't telling anyone unless we get a re-do!"
Since everyone thinks this ramps up to war, I am going to make my prediction what happens and hope for the best. Tomorrow, Trump goes mainstream hour press conference and talk about the horrors of the Iran regime and how they kill so many of their own people. He then announces that the US is going to bury Iran in sanctions, that any nation that does any trade at all with Iran will be cut off from the US, that Iran is going to be abandoned, and that Russia is withdrawing from Iran as well, and with a warning to Iran that threats to attack all of these civilian locations just goes to show how Iran is not trying to join the modern world. Then, we avoid the war... unless Iran does something stupid. The people of Iran are already trying to revolt against their leadership but Iran is coming down with an iron fist and killing them. Calling it now, Trump doesn't lead us to war. Man, do they want it though.
You think it has unified them against Trump? I don't think so. This guy Trump killed is the one that led the mass execution of Iranian protestors just last month, over 1500 civilian protestors killed. Most Iranian people do not revere this man. What propaganda are you reading that it united Iran against Trump? There is no truth at all to this statement.
I just don't buy it. Plus, the sanctions can be far worse on Iran than they are now. European nations are still allowed to trade with Iran. If the US cuts that off Iran is going to financially collapse.
I honestly feel sad mostly for the Iranians. Lots of innocent Iranians who just want to live their lives and they have to live under the crazy rule of the Iranian leaders.
So tragic... considering Iran's official statement less than 1 hr from the crash was "technical error," makes me think Iran made a mistake and shot down their own plane. The plane climbed to 8000 ft and literally just disappeared. Not typical for a crash where there is time between emergency and crash.
There is no way they could know this by looking at the wreckage in such a short time. The mechanical failure is they accidentally friendly fired a civilian plane and now they gotta save face and say it was a mechanical issue.
Except they aren't. The only stories you heard from them is them saying they heard the Iranians claim it was a mechanical failure. Ukraine is not confirming this. There would be no way in hell they *could* even confirm it either. All they were doing is saying "Iran said this is what happened... we don't know yet," and the news stories shilling for Iran are like "Urkaine said it is what happened too," misleadingly implying that they were confirming. They were not at all. Anything else reporting otherwise, that Ukraine is backing Iran is straight-up Iranian propaganda at this point.
Something you can get away with when you are an A list celebrity. Brad Pitt was freakin a HUGE celebrity in the late 90s. His career had really taken off at that point. I mean, leading up to 1998, look at his last films, in a row * 1994 - Interview with a Vampire * 1994 - Legends of the Fall * 1995 - Se7en * 1995 - 12 Monkeys * 1996 - Sleepers * 1997 - Seven Years in Tibet * 1998 - Meet Joe Black The guy was a freakin unstoppable powerhouse and might have legitimately been the biggest actor in the late 90s. He could get away with disrupting the casting couch dbags.
LMFAO - guess the mainstream media is going to have to rewrite all their clickbait headlines about how Trump couldn't wait to start WW3.
The question you should ask yourself is why? Trump ran a campaign as an anti-war President. The media has painted Trump as this huge warhawk and has tried to claim over and over that Trump was leading us into WW3 and instead all we *actually* have had is diplomacy. He speaks big, and he definitely makes it known that American could destroy them, but he always iterates how he wants to bring things down and not send troops to foreign wars. The reality is that the media knows that side of Trump is popular with the public so since they only want to paint him as this tyrannical war loving dictator so people don't vote for him, they rarely will ever show this side of him, and will outright bury it. So, if you were a Trump supporter, his words today were not actually that surprising because it goes in line with all of his other actions and it is literally a campaign promise of his to avoid war at all costs. If you only followed the mainstream media this comes as a complete shock because yesterday it was 24/7 headlines of "WW3 beginning" and "Trump finally has his excuse for war with Iran," and so on. He had his excuse last year when Iran bombed a naval vessel. He had his excuse when it was shown the QUDS of Iran (led by recently killed Solomanei) were responsible for roadside bombing deaths of over 600 US Soldiers in Iraq. Yet we didn't go in... Take a step back and realize that the mainstream media is doing their very best to manipulate the masses with limited information, curated narrative driven news, not facts driven news, and lies of omission. They *WANT* war. The establishment wants war. Why do you think the establishment is so anti-Trump? They don't get their wars with him in power.
Ya, good point.
Yes, Iran shot down this plane on accident. Iran is using these ancient SAMs that don't differentiate civilian planes. It's a huge tragedy, and likely Iran accidentally shot this down as they were worried about retaliation after their missile barrage.
Safelite, Safelite, Safelite!!! Seriously, use Safelite. Every OEM dealership will recommend them. They will come to your work and do it, your home, and they will provide top quality service. There are a lot of windshield replacement companies out there that will offer you things like gift cards and so on, not all are bad, I am certain some are good, but a lot of those will use cheap windshields, the budget stuff for replacements. If you don't care much and have an older car, fine. But if you have a car and you basically want a windshield equivalent to what you'd get on a new vehicle, use Safelite. You will get your model's factory molded windshield with them. Many other *cheaper* companies offering incentives don't use the proper factory glass for your model and just use something *similar.* Insurance covers it 100% at no risk of premiums going up in Arizona, why not just use the best?
The trick is to have kids. I now make sure my daughters get tons of lego sets that I am, of course, readily available to help build.
This also assumes they were using modern system. The vast majority of Iran's SAMs are these ancient Soviet era ones that don't even use IFF, they just radar the target and go. So, I mean, to think it's that they forgot to turn on their identification is just guesswork and really is trying to give Iran an excuse here. That'd be some grand coincidence that on this day the plane somehow forgot to turn that on. I just don't buy it.
The answer is simple. The vast majority of SAMs that Iran uses are these ancient Soviet era ones that don't use IFF identification, they just radar the target and go.
[You must not have been paying attention and missed all of this](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/opinion/msnbc-parrots-us-casualties-number-provided-by-iranian-government) But ya LMAO all made up right? From the horse's mouth. Will you take a step back and reevaluate how terrible of an organization and network MSNBC is now and come to the realization that they are a propaganda channel, not a news channel?
Ya, I am still kind of disappointed in this. The concept of the original game they were building was actually really awesome. I was super hyped for it and while great, it was just a mess on release, like unfinished, buggy, and never got fixed.
Long since sold and houses built.
It's official. Iran has admitted now that they accidentally did it. [Source](https://twitter.com/JZarif/status/1215847283381755914?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1215847283381755914&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.breitbart.com%2Fnews%2Firan-says-it-unintentionally-shot-down-ukrainian-jetliner%2F)
I guess so, but it's still kind of a stretch lol.
This is one of the major flaws of the tv show. I loved the show, but there was no sense of geography or demographic. The character just wandered one town to the next looking for coin, which is fine, but you didn't even have a sense of what general direction he was going, the elf lands, where the warmonger group were heading and so on or what empire they came from. Every town kind of looked the same, but there were tons and tons of kings. They had diverse people of all races, yet elves were racially disparaged but all others were ok with the world? This is great. Wish it was there when I started watching.
Also to add, the reason the trampling deaths occurred was because the regime roadblocked and locked down corridors so the crowds all had to be packed into the same place on the main streets because they wanted it to look so crowded for maximum effect for western media, all of which just ate that propaganda up to try to paint the dude as some beloved figure who, saint, and philosopher that Trump bombed and the people of Iran just adored him. You'll notice the media leaves out the part about the Iran regime killing over 1500 protestors in the streets just 2 months ago.
The first UN climate report was 1970 and they said it then. So in reality they've been saying it for 50 years...
So, I did a 40% off sale at Lowes, which was nice. Also, it was $35 (or 30, can't remember), and they had a guy that came to my house and measured all my windows for me, and uploaded the measurements to the Lowes website so I could literally just pick blinds out and the measurements were already ready to go with an automatic quote on what blinds would cost. It was very nice. You pay in advance for the measuring and schedule the appointment, but the nice thing is if you end up buying the Blinds through Lowes, they will just deduct the $35 measuring fee off the blinds cost. It was dirt cheap to get them to install the blinds as well. I had I think 13 windows and it cost me maybe $125 to pay for all of them, minus the $35 for measuring, so really it was like $90 total cost for measuring and installation. Ya, I could do it myself, but they were worth it. Here is the catch... even with 40% off, I checked prices on SelectBlinds.com and the cellular blinds were still cheaper. Not a huge difference, but altogether I think I spent $1900 at Lowes and Select Blinds it would have come to $1500, without install, so $400 savings is nothing to scoff about. For my wife, it was more just the total package deal of them covering and measuring, installing, and being in-person to do a consult on which blinds might work vs anything, and so she appreciated it. If we were paying normal full pricing, holy hell I can't imagine Lowes/Home Depot type place being worth it. If you just need to buy a few blinds though and want to do it yourself? I have had great experiences with SelectBlinds in the past that were all good. On a side note, the Lowes contractor that measured my blinds and installed them was actually the same person. He told me that they are very careful not to screw up the measurements because if he screws up the measurements he basically has to eat the blinds and it comes out of his pay. He was perfect though and damn, he did my entire house in like 45 minutes. Blew my mind. Would've taken me half the day lol.
Just to hopefully encourage you, let me say that I remember the points of ridiculousness where I just couldn't follow things, especially once recursion was introduced as you have to really start jumbling a lot of stuff up in your head and it can be tricky to follow. However, let me tell you that with all things in programming, one day it just clicks and comes easier. It's how it is. It takes an insane amount of effort and patience and time, but you stick with it and I am telling you, those complicated things will just click one day and be so much easier for your brain to process. One of the challenges of programming is that you have to basically re-train your brain how to think in many of the cases, at least if you want programming to come easier, and this takes a lot of time. It doesn't happen overnight. Every programmer I know has had countless encounters with "I'll never understand this" type of thinking. You will eventually.
I get what you are saying, but like the article said, *"Sometimes it refers to efforts to ensure basic human rights and basic fairness for women, as well as efforts to encourage women to obtain an education, develop their talents, and serve humankind in any field they choose. Latter-day Saints support these things."* So, it addresses the point of feminist movements that promote equality and achievement and ambitions, yet points out in the next paragraph how many feminist movements are not doing this. There are hyper-political movements now that wrap themselves in so-called feminism that are not fundamental women's rights movements. There are "feminist" movements that believe that all men are bad by nature. There are movements that claim to be feminist movements but are actually hyper sexist movements no longer demanding equality, but special treatment There is a reason that the majority of women in the US do not declare themselves as *feminists* anymore. Does this mean that they are against equality for women? No, it's just that they want to distance themselves from the label of being a feminist, which has turned into a new-age feminism no longer centered on equality. I look at myself, a man, as a believer in the first-wave feminism, the kind that gave women equal rights to vote, to work, to achieve. What do we have now? This extreme third-wave feminism all across 1st world countries. I'm pretty certain that being female now can actually be somewhat of a benefit in current society, yet there are these self-declared female feminists going around campaigning that men won't go on dates with them if they don't shave their armpits and so men are sexist and evil and not appreciating them being a woman and they should be loved regardless of shaving their armpits or not (an extreme example, but it is legitimately happening in movements claiming to be feminist movements now). Not only is it an inherently sexist movement (otherwise they'd be egalitarians) it's also a super petty movement seeking to further female social superiority and it's detracting from the severity of actual issues going on in the world, like the treatment of women in actually repressed 3rd world countries, which is horrendously vile. I know, I saw the terrible treatment of women on my mission in Africa. Bringing modern first-wave feminism through the church was a blessing to those countries and their culture. There is a reason we were baptizing women to men 4 to 1 in South African and Botswana. That's not what they want to bring in this new-age feminism though. There is no way this article could address all of the different nuances of the modern feminist movements so they give you a warning that not all "feminist" movements are good, and then leave it up to you to make your own decision on it. A perfectly rational and reasonable thing to do without trying to force feed you which ones are good and which ones are bad.
This individual seems to be specifically talking about feminism in general, not about the last sentence. There was another post higher up that selected that sentence out though.
No way they could get away with pushing credit card fees on your tips. That would effectively siphon off 20% of all your tips. Typical CC merchant fee is 2-4%. Let's say 4%. You get a tip for 20%, well, they are going to siphon off up to 20% of all the money you earned. I just don't know how this can be legal.
This is why Claim Jumper sucks now. They used to be great. Food is mediocre now, but some stuff still good. The problem is last 2 times I went the service was just terrible compared to alternatives. Also, I hate the idea of tipping excessive when I know it's going to be split and of the 3 people that provided service only1 of them was great, so I would like to tip the, but the other 2 are going to split it so I just give a boring 15 to 20.
Yup, I actually know a guy who completed his entire degree... except for his Language 102 course, a required course. They even let him walk his last semester, but then he failed the language course and didn't get his degree. He attempted it again, and failed again. He dropped out of school and hasn't gone back. That was like 4 or 5 years ago. I keep telling him to go back but he has serious social anxiety over trying to learn other languages. He is about 100k in student loan debt for a chemistry degree. His GPA was &gt; 3.0 - but he has refused to go back and finish that language course, or even just start over in something simple like Spanish 101 and 102.
Biologist here. This is completely treatable in development. You need to do something about it. Don't delay.
In case anyone wants to understand some context, these guys are all the top Jeopardy players of all time and some of the highest earners and they had been kind of teasing and roasting each other for a while. Brad Rutter has earned nearly 5 million dollars during his time on Jeopardy. He just happened to have a bad night here so he got jokingly called out for it lol. :D
Next project, stone pathway from bed to master bathroom. Haha honestly, more to ya man. I think it is pretty cool. It is going to be impossible to clean. Brick is porous as hell but if you coat it enough I suppose it could seal. I think the BIGGER issue is how unpractical it would be to clean it and how much this is going to be a HUGE deal-break if you ever decide to resell. If that is not in your plans, cool. Maybe one of those spray bottle misters to help at least?
This really depends on the size of the TV. I assume you mean 65" based on that price. The 950G actually has better contrast in the 55" and 65" models and has much deeper blacks as a result. The contrast with local dimming on the 950G is so so so good. The X-wide feature is contrast killing and you get that in the larger models. I personally don't think the loss of contrast is worth the x-wide in the Z9F. I think you get some better brightness in the Z9F, correct me if I am wrong, but the 950G HDR at max brightness is already pretty stunning so it might just be personal preference here on relatively minor differences. Just my opinion. I wouldn't get too caught up on the price. This has been on sale many times and the tv is not worth the original price. You can't go wrong with this tv, but hell, the 950G is on sale for $400 less than the Z9F and at least at the 65" size I'd go with the 950g.
Ok, husband here. If I had this I would literally just press it everyday, and my wife would never press it because she would know that I press it everyday and it will light up. But, you see, I can get her in the mood almost every time I really want to because I'm going through 5 day withdrawls or something and literally all I need to do is hang out with her in bed for like 30 minutes just *talking* as friends and having a good time, then pulling out the lotion for her feet or something, and boom, 90% success rate, plus the talking is enjoyable too. Hell, sometimes we end up just talking and fall asleep even though my original intent was to get her into the mood. I suppose I can see this working, but it seems more for people that have very robotic relationships. That's fine for some I guess, but I just make it known to my wife that I am almost always in the mood and my turn on button takes about 5 seconds to get me ready whilst her takes a little longer... exception, certain times of the month, 430am, I can trigger her to have pre-wakeup alarm sex within 2-3 minutes. That early morning hornyness I guess.
I literally just dropped a new ethernet cable to my garage from my smart panel. Had yo go through the attic. Took me less than an hour to cut a small hope in the drywall to cut up into the attic. Chose a column without fireblock. I got 2 quotes from low voltage AV companies. 1200 and 800 for the job from a cheaper handyman. Ouch. Total cost of parts on Amazon was 30 dollars for me to do it myself, which included drywall repair materials and the joint compound spreading tool. If I already had all that, it was like $7.00 for wall plate and the mounting insert and the key, and $10 for in-wall certified CAT6 50ft ethernet cable. Touch up paint is like $3.50 for a small thing of it at Sherwin Williams. You save SO MUCH MONEY doing it yourself. You really do.
I was more annoyed at how stupidly they kill off George Clooney, not understanding how gravity works, on a film called GRAVITY. I mean, he had some magical force pulling him away from her even though they were stationary at that point. Her letting him go would not have caused him to drift away. It was just so terrible. Overall, I found the movie to be far more annoying in that Bullock's character just breathes heavy and spins for half the film as she is disoriented. It gets old fast, beyond just all of the bad science.
Honestly, after the last 2 female judges and how boring they were, Heidi was like a breath of fresh air again. The other judges were just that bad that they somehow made Heidi look good again, and honestly I was tired of Heidi in her last season. Howie is kine of meh now because he puts on this "I don't get it" schtick all the time now and he picks novelty acts over legit talents clearly for the sake of diversity, and they never go to the live shows. I really don't like that Howie always pushes through novelty acts that aren't really talents.
He has had other screwups with this EXACT same act though - You would think he would have this ironed out by now. [Here he is failing on Britain's Got Talent](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=ben+blaque) - Literally the exact same act, and the big surprise he couldn't do because arrows misfired. He couldn't get out, have her pull the last lever and have it fire with him not being in the spot. The guy might be a fun entertainer with some of his other acts, but if you consistently fail with this one and then go on major television shows and fail more than once... I am sorry but, that's on you. It should have been so motivating for him to have that disaster that he would never let it happen again.
Thanks for this post. I am actually taking my family to see the Limitless tour on March 8th in San Diego. Looking forward to it. I really like Colin Cloud though, from when he was on the Got Talent show. He may not have won, hard to with mentalism, imo, but he has far superior stage presence than Shin Lim. Shin Lim does a fantastic job with his performance, and he has a good look, but Colin Cloud is a true showman when it comes to interacting with the audience. The fact that Shin and Colin are in the same show is brilliant because they basically can compliment each other's weaknesses. Or, really, not necessarily weaknesses, but just filling in the gaps of each other's performances. You can only have so much mentalism and you can only have so much card sleight of hand without the stage interaction with the audience. You need to mix it up a little. Glad to hear it was good.
Call me crazy, but I returned my 65 OLED and replaced it with the 75" 950G, and I returned the Bravia A8. So, some things I miss, the absolutely ridiculously amazing and perfect black levels of OLED. Total lack of blooming effect. 950G is still AMAZING in this regard, but nothing really beats what the OLED can do. Why was I crazy enough to do this? Well, the TV was in our *Great Room* and our home has high ceiling and big windows with a lot of natural light. Since this great room is shared with the kitchen, and smaller dining table (like breakfast table), plus another PC/desk area on the far side of the kitchen, there was always some kind of lighting, even in the evenings. Someone wanted a drink? Turn the kitchen lights on, and I have a combo of recessed and fan lighting and I can't convince all of my kids that it is dim light only family time on the TV even on the evenings. During the day, the brightness was just not enough. In other words, all the lighting SUCKS hard on OLED, even though it is a superior TV. So, imo, it just depends on your home and the layout, and if you have a dedicated theater room, I think you're making the wrong decision (but maybe not cause 65 to 75 950G? I mean, 10" jump is HUGE and very noticeable). For me, I have ZERO regrets going to the 950G. The picture quality is still phenomenal. I still impress all my friends with it, though maybe not as good as OLED, and most importantly, BRIGHTNESS. The brightness is such a deal make or break for me. So, use your judgement on your room. With that being said, 10ft, 75" is more ideal anyway. After now getting accustomed to 75, and I sit about 9.5' back, 65" was not right for me. I can't imagine you having any regrets with the 75" 950G either, and by the time you need an upgrade again, maybe uLED will be consumer priced ready where you get OLED quality, without the drawbacks of organics. Oh umm... one other thing I am kind of sad to lose with the OLED though is the unreal futuristic thinness of the panels. OLEDs are so thin it's crazy. Makes it sit even more flush against my all. If I ever get a panel like that again I am going to frame it as a fixture on my wall.
Possibly. With the census boundaries often get redrawn because your Congressional seats either go up or down. New York is going to lose some seats, especially in NYC. It is the state with the largest number of people leaving it. New York and California are bleeding people, likely due to very high cost of living and high taxes. Word is her district is getting hit hard too. Too early to say.
City bought the building and is forcing it to close to turn it into government office space.
TL;DR - this is the same setup as the Clinto trial.
I was crying laughing for so much of this episode. This is the show I needed to come back.
I personally didn't care for him. I felt like he kept getting tons and tons of praise but he was quite boring on stage. Ya, I guess he was talented for his age, but I don't see him as a Champion winner, or even one that would go to the Semifinals. My comment might be unpopular but I just didn't understand why they kept slathering praise on him as the 2nd coming of Michael Jackson or something. I didn't see it at all.
What's wrong with the chant? You might not like it, but in many cultures around the world, religion and culture are intertwined. They aren't sitting there preaching. It's no different than a football team in High School "bringing it in" and shouting "Defense!" or something like that in a huddle. Their pep up moment is a small cheer. I won't downvote you like others are doing, but I am just saying that criticizing their chant seems really misplaced. I understand if you didn't enjoy their performance though.
V Unbeatable
The reality is that 75% of people that open a credit card max it out within 2-3 months and then pay the minimum payments on it for years. His message is not for the smart investors and people with self control. It's probably not for someone like you. He just knows that the vast majority of people are STUPID with credit cards so rather than give every nuance of how it works for some and others it doesn't, he just gives a black and white message of not getting them.
Lol ya, I remember listening to this one couple call in and their combined income was about 250k a year but they just couldn't get ahead in their bills because they had about 300k in student loan debt, a 1.1 million dollar home, like 6 cars they were currently paying off and Dave Ramsay about had an aneurysm when the wife chimed in something about at least saving room in the budget for their yearly trip to France for 3 weeks in the summer. Their question was if they should pay off their student loans first or their car loans because 2 of the cars they got a like 0% or 1% interest or something. It was like such a train-wreck on the radio. One thing after the other...
I enjoyed it a lot. Kind of sad they didn't do more with the hotel, however.
I really like this a lot. great look.
Haha yes.
As a piano player, I can confirm this. There are some songs that you can just *feel* and instinctively do the motions for, especially once you get the first few notes it often will just click and you can power through the rest of it without issue. The real reason this happens is that piano takes years and years of practice to get good at. Some songs I have played not just dozens, not just hundreds of times, but easily more than a thousand. That sounds crazy, but there are just some songs you either really enjoy player or are a popular performance piece and you do it so so so much that it becomes like riding a bike, something that is 2nd nature to you, that you never forget. The motions have been embedded into your brain. A concert pianist like this her *LIFE* is piano. Her career... It's all very impressive, but at the end of the day, there are no shortcuts in the path to being able to recall songs like this, at a point of perfection, without endless hours of hard work and a lifetime of practice doing so.
My cousin is a CRNA. DO IT!!! Seriously, he makes 175k a year *STARTING* his first month after getting his license out of school. Just be warned, CRNA is not recognized in many states. It is starting to, but so far only few states have recognized this relatively new niche, so it is going to limit your options on where you want to move to to work. Consider where your family is and so on. One thing also to consider, his hours suck more now than when he was a nurse when he could basically pick and choose where and how much he wanted to work. You now will be in a hyper-focused niche and while high paying and in-demand, it's kind of like General surgeons can't pick their hours. They are on-call for surgery. They don't get to say they want to be a 9 to 5 doctor, or a 7 to 7 nurse 3 days a week. It's very different and will limit your options in regards to a schedule. Just be aware of that. Is it worth the pay gain? I think so. But still, consider it and weigh all your options on what matters to you.
Staging is pretty much a requirement in high end homes in America. The people no longer live in the home and are selling it with existing furniture and decorations. Often the Decorations are even included, but the majority of the time they will be removed after selling for your own stuff. Staging a home is not typical for middle class or low income homes, however.
Gabrielle Union, after not having her contract renewed for a second season, when public and claimed that AGT behind the scenes is discriminatory, sexist, and racist and is in the process of legal action against it for saying she is being retaliated against for claiming these things because she went to Human Resources and was encouraging others to go to HR and complain about a comedy act she felt was sexist and apparently she got upset that Simon and the other judges weren't going out of their way to ask for people's preferred Pronouns and so on. Oh and she complained that the makeup team was almost all white people, which triggered her and it was clear it was racist because she was being encouraged to wear her hair in different ways in the show which she felt were anti-Black and attributes this to a supposed racist makeup team. Anyway, it's all a bunch of ridiculous drama. But, people have mostly been silent on it out of respect of just letting things play out and acknowledging maybe her experience was different. Gabrielle started to get upset more People of Color weren't jumping in to support her, however, and she started trying to rally other people to have her back, and no one did. Terry Crews, new host of AGT was just on the *Today* show and they asked him about the drama and all he said was that he had a different experience than Gabrielle Union and that AGT is one of the most diverse places and jobs he has ever had in his life. He didn't invalidate her or disparage her. All he said is "I have had a different experience than her," and now Union is on a Twitter rampage disparaging Crews and kicking up drama for not having her back. Imo, Union just sounds toxic. That's just me. But hell, someone as *woke* as her and as much of a victim as her just sounds like a perpetual ticking time bomb waiting to go off.
Just to add... understand that the vast majority of mutations are redundant and don't do anything. Occasionally, however, the mutation may promote fitness in some way, and fitness in biological terms just means the ability to propagate and survive more. Viral RNA/DNA is incredibly unstable and mutates very rapidly. In a typical complex Eukaryotic human cell, a DNA mutation might occur in 1 in a billion copies. It's kind of an impressive little miracle of nature that someone so stable exists. But, viruses are different... Viruses can have a mutation in 1 out of 10,000 copies. It really varies, and while millions/billions of mutations do nothing or even kill off the the viron, with a sample size in the trillions, with enough infected, you just might encounter a new version of the virus, mutated and even more resistant. Mutations are typically random in nature and that is why it is so rare to randomly mutate into something "useful."
Greatest basketball player of all time. So tragic.
Seriously. Once I got the Nvidia shield to be my hub, I never went back to anything. It's amazing how terrible the apps are on my 950G, my sony PS4 pro, and my XBOX One X compared to the Nvidia Shield. Nice thing about the Shield, I push 1 button and it wakes up in about 1 second. I can go from Shield being in hibernation to being fully loaded into Plex and ready to click on a movie/show to watch within like 5 seconds. I agree, forget about the TV UI and just go with best TV and get a 3rd party tool for your UI.
First off, never trust the polls. Second, Fox News has been notoriously anti-Trump in their polling the last 2 years, often having worse polls than even CNN or ABC or MSNBC. Fox news is in many ways trying to go woke with the exception of some of their evening and morning talent, it's how it is. Never forget, Fox News was more anti-Trump in the Republican primary than CNN and MSNBC were. It was 24/7 hate Trump train on every show but Tucker and Hannity, and maybe the morning show, all the rest, panel after panel. They only temporarily died down when Trump got the nomination, but you could tell they didn't want to. This impeachment scam is just another excuse for them to try to be justified in coming back out of their shell to attack Trump, show after show after show. In regards to the sample size, I'd imagine it's no different than the last half a dozen polls they tried to pass off as legit that had a +10-15 Democrat sample size.
LMFAO - seriously? Question though - they never ask for my tax returns when I take out loans, just bank statements and deposits. I get why you might need them in cases of like verifying large bonus income which might not show consistent month to month, but it seems like others I have talked to need them and others say they didn't. Is there a reason why some aren't asking and some are?
I wouldn't be surprised - so ya maybe lol. I've never had a lender ask for it though.
So myself and my sister once did this asking for a shout out to a charity we cared for as a competition to who could get a response. We both got back the same letter "signed" by President Clinton and they both had the exact same grammatical and spelling typos. Made me realize they probably purposefully plant spelling errors to make the template seem more real.
I will say she is good *NOW* but she was kind of corny and a little sloppy in the quarterfinals, imo. I think she could've gone further, and she is amazing now, but then? She was pretty messy and sloppy. Different, but just my opinion.
Kristen Sinema is an Arizona Democrat in the Senate, notably the only Democrat Senator who has been censured by her own party for voting too much with the Republicans, and she, along with Joe Manchin, were the only 2 Democrats giving Trump standing ovations during his last year's State of the Union speech when the Dems all wore white and were being rude. If she flips, the Republicans can have their 3 turncoat RINOs and the witnesses will still be blocked. Rumors are Doug Jones (D) of Alabama might flip as well.
I straight-up pre-ordered this game BECAUSE of the 2018 footage. I really feel shafted here. I never even bought the Classic Starcraft because it wasn't enough of an upgrade for me to go revisit the game or care. WC3 on the other hand looked like such a huge overhaul that I was so excited. This is just wrong. This feel half-assed.
ARC only matters if you are using the built-in apps of the TV, like the Netflix app, and then it can only send a 5.1 signal back to your receiver, either by an optical connection or an HDMI cable, but it cannot do atmos. The reason this is a very old, often buggy feature, to send audio from the TV to the receiver, is because almost no one uses the built-in Apps, if they are the type of person that uses an AVR and not the built in tv speakets. Of note, I think this is kind of changing, thanks to better and cheaper processing power, things like ROKU getting built into many tvs and so on, but you still ultimately are left with the problem of outdated hardware/software standards on audio as the tech has not really caught up with use. Typical setup is your devices go to the receiver, and the receiver goes to the TV. All devices, your Playstation, your XBOX, your Shield, your ROKU, your HTPC, your Wii, whatever it is, they should ALL plug into your AVR and only 1 HDMI cable should go from your AVR to your TV. You just change input on the AVR. It is your brain, you central media hub. Your volume control, etc... This is *typically* how home theaters are setup. So, companies like LG now have better apps, they are advertising atmos, yet they are stuck with this old and crappy ARC standard, so they basically bandaid it to get compressed and lossy atmos. It sucks So, what is the only real solution to this? Imo, get an external device and never use the TV apps. I personally use the Nvidia Shield. It is pretty much the Rolls Royce of the smart TV devices. Roku 4k is good, so is the Apple TV 4k. Not really a fan of the Amazon one, though I'd imagine it is getting better or is a lot better since I last checked. Nvidia Shield will cost you probably $130 for the newest ones, but it is phenomenal. Example, I have Plex media server. I want to watch a movie on Plex? Well, my Shield is in hibernate mode, I push 1 button on my remote, and within 1 second my Shield is active, Plex loads in 2-3 more seconds, and I am scanning through my movies in less than 10 seconds of waking the shield. It is faster than even my x950G TV's built-in apps, and they use the same interface. I have an XBOX One X and a Playstation 4 and both of them suck as a smart TV streaming device compared to the shield. Blows my mind but the Shield apps are better. Of note, if you *REALLY* want to use the built-in apps, you can kind of get the best of both worlds, but you can't get lossless atmos with the TV apps. You just can't. It's not even that the power behind the TV couldn't do it, it probably could. It really has everything to do with the TV to Receiver tech that is very old and outdated. I suspect maybe in the next 5 years they might update that standard with so many tvs pushing quality app control now, but again, until they build a $1000 receiver into a TV (which no one would want anyway with the trend for thinner), your best bet for a high quality setup is always just going DEVICE &gt; AVR &gt; TV
I use main PC for Plex because my main PC is very beastly and I am very big on max support everywhere and anywhere, which means many of my formats will need to be transcode. If you plan on direct streaming only, just know that whatever format your movie is in, like x264 or HVEC (x265), the device on the other hand has to support that format. If it doesn't, the Plex server has to then use CPU/GPU power to transcode the video to a compatible format. Well, if you use x264 format for your vids, the compression is not as good, but it works on almost everything and it is why many love it. Transcoding is not too expensive in CPU cost. If you are like me and use x265, transcoding is extremely CPU intensive and you will not be able to stream live on the fly and you will buffer a very long time which makes the user experience suck. However, if all of your devices have hardware encoding support to play x265, you can direct stream without issue. Well, I let my brother use my server, my sisters, my parents, and 1 friend, and my wife and I will often be watching 2 different things. Since I am supporting multiple streams and it is impossible for me to account or restrict which devices they are going to use, I have to compensate by having enough processing power to handle multiple streams. If I was running x264 I could transcode 25x 4k streams on the fly. HVEC I can do like 4, that's it. So, in other words, you have to know what your use will be. If it's just yourself, any cheap low budget device can work to direct stream with no transcoding. Oh and I fly a lot too and internet on airplanes sucks like 5-10Mbps, so Plex I can force transcoding down to 2-3 Mbps signal with slow connections, so again, I like the power to do so, but if this doesn't apply to you no big deal. Typically the streaming side end doesn't need to be as powerful as the server side. If the streaming device supports the format it can direct stream. Anyway, you are the only one who can answer how you plan on using Plex. If it's just for your own home then simple budget server will be just fine. You do need a good surge protector. Just remember that a surge protector cannot protect against things like lightning. Anything that claims otherwise is a lie. The trick about surge protectors is some of them, like Belkin, have [VERY good warranties for all devices connected to them](http://i.imgur.com/bKJu3ev.png). Not all surge protectors protect you from acts of God, however, though Belkin does, just be aware. Regardless, I'd imagine if everything fried at once my home owner's insurance would cover that too, but I'd prefer to go with the Belkin warranty route first :D Surge protector is more for normalizing spikes that could occur on your grid, like when power goes out or on unexpectedly, or maybe a nearby node spikes sending out some ripples on the grid to your home. You need a surge protector more for that.
Ya I accidentally replied here, I moved my comment to the correct reply, and updated the msg.
Oops, not Collins, Jones, right! Thanks!
The trouble is real - I recently wanted to get 2 network cables pulled, one to my garage and one to another wall in my loft and I called about 20 different low voltage contractors and literally no one wanted the job. I eventually found a contractor who said he would only do it at $130 an hour and an extra $250 for attic work when the going rate is like $40-50 in my area. I basically just read a DIY guide online and did it myself for less than $100 in materials and in less than a day. Guy told me he estimated it'd cost roughly $1300 total after labor+materials. The dude was not willing to spend any time otherwise. Oh and, he could only come on a Saturday as he was busy all week. I really think the labor shortage for GOOD contractors is very real.
Seems more like a joke than an actual assignment. Here is what I would recommend, take the assignment seriously. It's kind of funny, I get it. It's cute, but this is not economically viable, and things like saying the person behind you pays for it are all just "jokes" rather than real and a teacher could easily crush you on this. Good job on being fun and creative. But, economics you should probably do a serious assignment. In other words, you are welcome to make a patriotic themed Pizza restaurant. Focus more on patriotic themes, Star designs on the pizza, etc... At the end of the day, I don't care how clever a business is and how much on my side they are. If I am going to spend my hard-earned money on food it better taste good. So, focus on what makes your pizza different than just the design. Locally sourced food, supporting local farms, etc... whatever it is, it needs to have some angle beyond the look or else you don't really have anything proprietary and any other major Pizza shop already established can just do a "patriotic pizza month" and put you out of business. Think about issues like that. This is a good start, now get away from alienating the customers, the jokes, and have fun with it. Hell, you could even have a Pizza menu on the left and Pizza menu on right side, Red and Blue and equally have fun with the names roasting both sides a little, but think of it in terms of the real world. GL
USAA is great for home insurance, not so great for a mortgage. Sad because I have everything BUT my mortgage through USAA. Just a bad and SLOW experience in the past.
Automod was probably wrong on this one :D
And yet I turned on the news today and all it was was negative headlines about "Trump aimed for 3% GDP and US only hit a pathetic 2.3% for 2019. Trump was wrong again and maybe his economy isn't doing as well as he claims it is... Not just one network, but ALL networks are trying to tear Trump down and jab and jab and jab at him. They are so blinded by their hatred of Trump they can't even take a step back and consider that maybe what he is doing IS working.
As a dad of 3 young daughters... WTF, I don't understand this at all. It takes a whole 5 minutes out of your life to change a diaper, 1-2 minutes once you are good at it, and it takes a minute to whip up a bottle. I am a dad who plays games. It's not hard playing a game with an infant in your arms. This person is just selfish and thoughtless and really, just lazy.
I personally hate this advice. You lose SO SO SOoooooOooo much money to interest. You should be trying to spend as little of your income as possible on a mortgage. The amount of money you lose in interest absolutely kills so much gain of owning a home. This mentality is the person who treats their home like a forced savings account... a savings account that has maintenance and outrageous taxes, and that takes half your money you deposit as interest. Seriously, would you go buy stocks right now in an index fund if they told you that half the money you put in was going to be taken out as fees? You deposit that $3000 check and they take $1500 as a fee. You ok with that? The reality is that is what owning a home is really like when it comes to how much interest costs you in the long run. Think about this... if you bought a home for $300,000, or your loan was $300000, at 4% interest you are going to be paying roughly $1000 a month just in interest, and your are going to be paying $300-500, depending on where you live, in taxes. 100% money lost that you will never see again. Don't treat your home like your investment account. So many people do this because it is a way for the undisciplined with money to increase equity and savings. It's a TERRIBLE way to do it though. The reality is the best thing to do is get something that takes 25% or less of your monthly income, and put 10%+ of your income into retirement and non-retirement investment accounts. Again, buying a house is a money pit. It's nice owning, but it is 100% a terrible, horrible, money pit compared to disciplined investing.
Oh gosh, the bloated bodies in the river scene... I was not prepared for that, but it is just one of those things you just know likely happened in the war. Like floating logs, they eventually get snagged up somewhere and he got pushed right into them. One of the most uncomfortable scenes I've ever seen in a war film.
It could be I have never played any previous FF games before 7. I tried, but I can't get into them either. Thanks for the response at least as I do understand what you are saying.
First off, not necessarily. Insurance often only covers some % of it. Many insurances have an exclusion for rioters. Second, it is a pain in the ass to prove how much you actually had in absolute value stolen right then as the insurance will try to pay out as very little as possible and they will ask for your most recent documentation and if he doesn't have a full trackable accounting of all items in the store the day of, any bikes brought in for repair by customers that the owner might be on the hook for literally tens of thousands of dollars, the insurance company will not reimburse. It's just really not that simple. Also, do you think the insurance company just comes and writes a check to the guy and he can just go pickup where he left off? No, there is an investigation, an assessment, an adjustment, some negotiations, the owner might need to hire his own lawyer just to try to get a fair return of all his money owed and this can cost the owner thousands, even up to 30-35% of the insurance claim. After all of this, maybe 2-4 months down the road, he finally gets a check. Oh and, with the insurance claims likely coming in en mass, expect massive delays. Might even be 4-6 months before you get your check. In the meantime he has zero money incoming. The credit cards are still due. The loan payments on the business are still due he has no money for. His own mortgage or rent for his home is still due, which he has no money for anymore... THEN, after all these months, he gets that check, and boom, he can finally afford to start repairs, and now there's another 3 month delay, if not more. So, now he's 6-8 months with zero income... only got reimbursed for some items value, not the opportunity cost loss of income, and he likely is on the hook for 6 months of rent, even though the place got burglarized. The owner of the property still needs to pay their bills and the business needs to pay their rent, and it could end up being a full year before being able to re-open. So ya, "insurance will cover it" sounds nice, until you realize and find out that something like 40% of all small businesses that get destroyed and file an insurance claim, like from a fire, end up never re-opening their doors and that business ends up closed forever. But ya, insurance will cover it, right?
Not to mention it will take several months to even get any kind of assessment and judgement, and the process might be so complicated that you have to hire a lawyer for thousands and thousands of dollars just to try to even get some money, which you might not. Furthermore, many small business owners' insurance have exclusions for rioting so they get nothing. Another issue is many small businesses just can't afford full comprehensive insurance, so they basically just get minimal protections, like 25% to 50% reimbursement only, on the provable value of what you lost, but good luck proving that. Ya, but insurance will cover it, and maybe after many many months you finally get your check, and can afford to rebuild, and you are back due 4-6 months of rent, business loan payments, credit cards, because you had zero money coming in. But damn, that insurance right? These rioters and looters are selfish morons.
This comparison is stupid. That's like if the Revolutionists in Boston went and burned down George Washington's vineyards and then claimed it as a victory against England. This is just some surface level excuse to rationalize destruction for the uneducated people and the ones who lack much intellectual aptitude.
To be fair, Raiden was actually a good character. It's just that the expectations and excitement were so high to get something playable Snake from the PSX game that people were so surprised and disappointed to basically have Snake as a supporting side character in the game instead. It was definitely a shocking twist, it was just that people came to love Solid Snake to only see him as a supporting role in MGS2 was well, disappointing to say the least. Funny enough, we didn't even get back to Solid Snake until MGS4, and now were dealing with "old snake." I really think people would have really liked just some Solid Snake Black Ops missions kind of game where it was just Snake one-man armying and infiltrating impossible black ops missions. We never really got that to this day. Oh and, it probably didn't help that MGS2 had been hyped at game shows for over a year, they even had the playable demo with just Snake. The marketing and the ads all had Snake in them. Not a welcome twist with all that hype.
I mean, probably not necessary here since they aren't burning down buildings.
China might actually be worse .
Are you seriously conflating the subscription numbers to a heavily anti-Trump left-leaning subreddit as an evidence of what the general military population thinks? Lmfao, TDS is real. People really think many military people are turning on Trump now? Everyone already knows Mattis, who was pushing for war in Syria, has been against Trump. That's why he got fired and that's why he decided to write a book with many anti-Trump undertones. But ya, how some lefties on Reddit think you really are seeing as an evidence of how the overall military is feeling. Wow. This is just a blind hope that they are so you are reaching for things to confirm your bias. Mattis is a joke anyway. They all are upset about Lafayette, saying it's somehow a sleight against democracy, but fsily to acknowledge the protestors were growing unruly and that there were reports of weapons caches and destruction for post curfew mayhem that day so the police decided decided to push them back rather than let them burn the church to the ground. Trump heard it was getting cleared out, decided to go out and make a speech. But yah, muh constitution, right? Please...
I mean, Twitter didn't post a profit for over a decade either. Many companies rely on investor money. Uber still is floating on investor money to this day. The reality is that he had a vision, people believed in it and invested in it and for the most part, he delivered on it, and as a result, people re-invest for more. It is why his market cap is over 100 billion dollar value for Tesla now and has held steady the last few years. He keeps delivering. This has to count for something. Hell, he even made his company, finally, profitable.
Their core monopoly is book distribution. They own so much of the marketshare it is insane. In fact, their monopoly is so strong that they have strong-armed the entire publishing industry to conform to their prices. There is no freedom in the book publishing world right now. You 100% cannot be successful without Amazon distribution. It is a pure and true monopoly in this market.
I bet he doesn't respond. Corvette just made a mid-engine vehicle this year. Their marketshare on mid-engine sports cars is 100%. Does this mean Corvette/Chevrolet now has a monopoly? Obviously not. The guy just is reaching for reasons to be mad at Tesla.
I mean, he sold paypal, of which he had an 11% stake in the company, in 2003. He got about 180 million dollars. He dumped almost all of that into founding and running SpaceX and went almost completely bankrupt to the point they were pretty much in their last year of solvency, riding completely on his Paypal windfall, when they finally had a successful rocket launch and NASA gave them a grant, boosting them slightly. So no, most of Musk's money doesn't come from Paypal. Most of it comes from his success in SpaceX now and Tesla. Almost all of his money got burned through in starting up a rocket company.
Bezos is *woke* about Black Lives Matter though, donating the equivalent of what he earns in about 10 minutes to some cause, so he gets a pass now.
I just bought it on Steam. Trying to support the devs here so they hopefully remaster the other C&amp;C games. So far it's freakin great on my PC. Gotta give props to them for doing this. C&amp;C was not just any game, it is the game that got me into PC gaming back in the 1990s. Major nostalgia vibes going right now. They didn't just remaster the graphics either. One of the best things about the C&amp;C games was always the soundtrack and they completely remastered that as well. Freakin awesome!
To my memory, I don't believe there was an auto-attack - like attack a targeted area until either Tiberium Sun or Red Alert 2. This could be why. So, it's a bit "dated" in the RTS gameplay, but true to the original.
I've got my subwoofer cranked up and wow this soundtrack rumbles. So good
They made more money than I made and worked less hours than when I was in grad school, AND they got their education paid for. It's not all bad.
Cool. He has some great tracks from Dune 2000 I just listened to as well.
Finish your degree. Seriously... I say this as a former missionary who 100% supports missions. But dude, finish your degree. There is no guarantee your spot will be there when you get back.
And it sure as hell is a risk. People don't realize how freakin powerful even just a simple impact driver can be, let alone a half inch driver.
Late to this, but I like it. Great work!
They have since unionized and expenses are going up. It's an interesting idea, but I am not sure what Minneapolis is proposing is the same as Camden. Camden was broke, being a small town, and had a huge spike in violence in the city that they could not hire new people to handle. So, they decided to dissolve the police to essentially dissolve the very generous police union. This allowed them to hire a lot more people with their new police under a new name, that was basically cheaper to run. Of course, that lower cost was short-lived as the Camden police are now union negotiating now with the city. Minneapolis has show no indication that they are just rebranding the police and bringing in some better use of force guidelines. They straight-up said "dissolve the police." Camden never did that. They never claimed to dissolve the police. They just said they were removing their current police department which was under the union contract. It was just a legal loophole to get out of it. It was literally just a union busting move that was encouraged by people like Chris Christie. Funny to see people praising Camden as some shining example of it working, whilst also failing to acknowledge that Camden is one of the least safe cities in the country that is still on the decline even with the changes. We'll see what happens here, but I am extremely skeptical they even have a real plan and this wasn't just some knee jerk virtue signaling vote to appease people right now.
Some people live in the video game world and don't realize what real life is like.
This has to be paid media by Netflix because no chance they win any trademark fight against the Department of Defense. No one is even considering they have a chance except.whoever wrote this sensationalized hype article which clearly is built to get people thinking about Netflix's latest show.
They keep saying dismantle the police, which sends mixed messages, and the City Council President was just on CNN and asked a question to clarify about what if someone breaks in your house, who do you call, and she straight up said that expecting police help is white privilege and that they want to dismantle something that could cause more harm than good by having police show. All I can say is people are trying to downplay this but all signals are so far pointing towards a literal dismantling of a police force of any kind.
And in the meantime are all these people.whose jobs are on the line just going to sit and wait to be fired or quit and move on before that happens? I doubt they'll be hiring new people in the meantime. What Camden did was with years of planning and nothing more than a union busting move where they rebranded the police to get out of previous union obligations and the city as a whole still remains one of the worst, per capita, crime cities in the country. It's a bad example people keep touting.
The City Council President on CNN just stated she felt police responding to 911 calls for home invasions and so on was white privilege and people basically shouldn't expect that in the new system because police showing up could cause more harm than good. I think you are hoping this is just a Camden like union busting move, but the city council isn't just rebranding the police to free up more funds by skirting union obligations, they are being literal about dismantling the police. Hell, she even said she doesn't think police should show to domestic violence calls, but instead social workers. I'm sorry but what low paid social workers are going to risk domestic violence calls? This is just insanity, imo. If what you said was accurate, I'd agree. Listening from the city council themselves seems they have a whole different plan.
Yup. This is just insanity now.
He still won't. Who cares about Bush. Bush admitted to voting for Hillary in 2016 over Trump.
Usually new construction *upgrades* come in roughly 20-25% of the base cost of the home for essentially the average level of upgrade. If you were to compare the base cost of the house to a model home at 379k, that model home probably put in an extra 150k+ worth of upgrades. Spec homes are builder grade homes so if you want to have the nice finishes, or wood carpentry touches, or anything to make the house feel more premium, you are paying big time. Just be aware that the base price the non-upgrades are the bottom of the barrel barely to code finishes. It sounds like you seem to know what you are getting into, but I am guessing you haven't even been to the design studio yet since you just signed your papers. Best of luck.
This is the same poll every election year, at the end of the primary season and there is always a huge % that say they wish they had a different candidate. Literally 28% of Dems want someone other than Biden. 23% of Republicans were prefer someone other than Trump. Now, what is the stat on which % of these people saying this would still vote party line anyway? And, how many of them are just issuing a protest statement now but would still actually vote come election day anyway? Don't trust polls. They're also meaningless until you get to the last couple of weeks pre-election.
Trump won, so you might not like him personally, but that makes him a good candidate by default.
I almost feel guilty. I get 1Gbps symmetrical down/up speed, no data caps in the US on fiber, and the company has said they are going to unlock 10 Gbps on our lines in the next 2 years or so. I live in the middle of the desert in Arizona and not even in the city. I feel bad for much of the country that doesn't seem to have access to many internet choices. I personally have access to 3. Cox, Century Link, and then some local wireless company. I always feel like a fish out of water when I read Reddit posts about how the US is falling behind. I know this is anecdotal, but I can't help but feel like there has to be some other problems in major cities as to why new tech isn't being rolled out to upgrade speeds faster.
These people are still collecting the very generous unemployment benefits for now, however, so they are still being counted.
This is so dumb. You first need to prove the product has demand and then you build the infrastructure. So many people feel like they have to build the entire thing before. I saw this with some company selling "Montessory" toy kits, or whatever that education strategy is called. They were basically high end wood block toys for toddlers and before they had any sales they had a staff of about 6 people with a burn rate of capital of about $95,000 a month. They had almost zero sales but were paying themselves 125k a year salaries all on friends and family investment money, and all they were doing was trying add products to their new brand and lineup. Kids toys for these niche schools that were lik $200 a set. They lasted about 2 years before going under and I think the final tally was something like 40k total in sales over all that time.
I wish this would also include the asset forfeiture thing where they confiscate your assets/money even if not convicted of a crime. Unconstitutional.
Ya... I remember in GT5 just for logging in I got that Red Bull iWin concept F1 car. They kind of controlled it by saying you had to have certain cars for certain cups, but any cup that car was allowed I'd just grind for the quick free cash. Totally ruined the grind.
This is the ultimate flaw and conflict of interest that exists by nature with the realtor profession. They want to remove any stumbling blocks to making the deal happen. They know you love this house. You buying this house is a big payday for them and they don't have to work anymore in delaying to find you another house. Many realtors will downplay actual problems when they themselves wouldn't buy it. Not all realtors are the same, but how do you know you can trust them? You just can't.
I am trying to understand what these chips are. Are they just better binned chips that now have a slightly higher base clock speed?
Funny enough, most CPU bottlenecks are only occurring these days for people trying to push massive FPS, like 240FPS. The more FPS, the more processing needed by the CPU, regardless of the GPU demands
I already have the grey grout so this makes me feel a little better lol.
I would not have my kids attending a school that did not have armed protection. I live in Arizona and our Sheriff's department has an officer on site at every single school. This gives me some peace of mind at least. I would never trust a school that is unarmed for my kids. This is insanity.
Funny enough, since Home Depot never shut down and was declared an essential business, they have been so busy during the pandemic that they are having a record breaking financial year. There are many businesses that have no revenue incoming. Home Depot and Lowes have been so busy they had to regulate and limit population control at entry and exits.
People were trying this all 2016 too and it didn't matter because the Trump campaign validates all people who sign up and their info, and issues tens of thousands extras for people in case some don't show, plus thousands other just show up for the rally regardless. Considering people are lined up hours and hours in advance, often 12 to 24hrs, it is often easy to gauge the crowd did show. The tickets are also first come first show. So, thus is a fun news blurb, but it doesn't matter. The REAL news story should probably be the fact that they even issue tickets to Trump rallies in the first place because they have to control the population from getting too big compared to other candidates that rarely issue tickets as they don't need to as there is no risk of selling out the venue. Like Trump or hate Trump, he does have an enthusiastic base. Biden, well, we'll see this fall.
Dude, they do this on both sides to each other literally every rally. They are either scams to get your personal info and scam your identification, or they are bad actors with a fake post on the other side trying to make your rally look like paid people. They don't need to hire anyone This would also be an FEC violation and required to be a reported financial expense. Don't believe the scams. You don't have to like Trump, but this is why people get successfully scammed because they just can't believe it's not real and then want to get paid the money. You have to realize that no campaign would be dumb enough to post something like this publicly. It's always a scam.
This isn't accurate though. You have to include a telephone number and an address for each ticket. There are available databases to cross reference this info, so fake info is going to quickly be filtered out. Even if you put in real info of like a neighbor or something, their database will also cross reference political party affiliation, public donation records and so on. This is all automated now. They will know. Furthermore, rallies are first come first serve anyway so the crowd is going to be a Trump crowd and it is going to be full.
Haha ya, it was so stressful to me. This game gave me more stress than hiding in a locker during Alien Isolation as I had to hold my breath as the creature pathed right in front of me lol.
Question - hospital visits and deaths increasing at a rapid rate, or just the tests? I mean, the tests are more readily available now which should account for some of the increase in cases I assume. Even this article states that only 0.9% increase (6.2 to 7.1%) in the % of positive tests, so the difference isn't too much, even though we are getting more tests done
Yup, this pisses me off. I bought a Prime item a week ago that said "In Stock" and it would deliver within 2 days from shipping and it STILL hasn't shipped. It's clearly not in stock. Still no ETA. I am tempted to cancel.
Are the hospitals getting swamped though? While cases recorded are up, so is testing, and by ratio, we are up literally only 0.9% higher in total positives/total tests ratio from this week to last week. Hospitals are also reporting that people don't seem to be as sick with symptoms anymore either, which might have more to do with people not being afraid to leave their house to see a doctor earlier as well. We'll see.
Bolton is another deep state loser who is a part of the Bush and McCain clan and era. The dude is literally trying to make money with a book during an election year at the expense of US security and safety. Any person that ever claimed to be a *Patriot* of this country that decided to try to make a dime at the President's, during an election year, is lying. Bolton is personally responsible for the deaths of thousands of Americans over the years and has his hands involved in the deep state coup plotting around the world that the US has ruined their international reputation over post WW2. In the words of Trump, on Bolton, "The guy wants to go to war with the whole world."
Where you REALLY get to take advantage of this is putting the drives into a RAID configuration so they can handle more bandwidth, and are faster, and depending on the RAID, act as self backup against drive failure. For example, I use RAID 10 which gives me the data redundancy of RAID 1 whilst giving me the speed of RAID 0. But, I lose about 50% of the storage capacity of the drives added. Some might not find it worth it, but I have had enough drives die on me over the years that it feels more like a redundancy against the inevitable. Nice to not have to think about it. My current server technically has 72TB capacity, but I really only have about 36TB available for use, of which I've blocked off about 18TB allocated just for my STEAM collection, whilst I only have 18TB for Plex, which once you start adding 4k atmos films, fills up fast. A single movie can run 100GB.
Nico's is also a family run franchise where each fsmily.member gets a store to run and they are a total mess of inconsistency from one location to the next. I like Nico's, but there's only a couple locations I am willing to go to.
Ah yes, because walking into a grocery store or gas station and getting accosted by a crack head for money means you put yourself in a bad situation.
Here is the reality - all this "sing another song" crap is completely planned ahead of time. They already know they are going to ask this. They have notes in front of them with the probing questions to ask to try to bring up the background sob stories... it's not spontaneous much of the time.
They don't want it visible from the street. It's a common CC&amp;R rule. This is a little dumb since I don't really think it's visible. My guess is the gate on the side of your house to the backyard you can see through? What you need to do is install a privacy screen/mesh on your metal gate. You can also install wood planks. [Here is some pictures for an example](https://www.bing.com/images/search?q=privacy+screen+on+metal+gate&amp;id=D2CEC688D7C1E592C2FAED1DBB492168C9D7B9B7&amp;FORM=IQFRBA), and this will keep your annoying HOA at bay. Pretty easy guides on youtube on how to do it yourself and it's not too pricey either.
Looks pretty awesome.
And every city is different and every county is different. It helps no one to lump all cops in all cities run by different beaurocracies into the same bucket. Some cities the cops have none of this protectionism. Some cities the cops have very little complaints against and they do their job, and now they are being generalized as being a part of the problem. That is wrong. My city is corrupt underfunded mess that is the police department that goes out of it's way to protect politicians and so on. Our County Sheriff is actually fantastic and managed well because the Sheriff is an elected position and if the community got any word of this they'd vote them out. Why is the city a corrupt mess? Political party has a super majority that wins by default and has no risk of losing. Yet, people now treating our sheriff like they are the bad guys. It's wrong and it is disgusting, just like bad cops might generalize about people. You solve zero issues and you fix nothing by lumping in the good with the bad and by blaming the uniform of all no matter the city, county, or state, no matter their history, no matter the progress made, no matter anything... they're a cop so they are part of the problem by default. Wrong and irrational. We are going to get nowhere with this attitude. Things will actually get worse.
I usually don't agree with these lists most of the time but ya, this I can agree with. You pretty much are spot on so far, I think lol. The only thing I would say is I much more enjoyed Shakir and Rihan over Waffle dance purely because it felt so new. I've never really seen anything like that before and the whole brothers thing was pretty cool. I am not sure how that holds up in subsequent acts though. Waffle Dance was good, but I mean, how many hip hop dance groups have we seen before? They were at least pretty original and brought in the shoes and hats, which was different and fun, but I mean, it was still a hip hop dance group. I honestly have been fairly underwhelmed with the singers, so it was cool seeing an actually good 13 year old, not a singer who is "pretty good for your age so we'll move you forward another round." That one dude that sang an original, the former drug addict from Nashville, can't remember his name now. I liked his song and his voice a lot, but I still think you are right about that girl.
Lmao yes, so true. My current house even if I want to make a landscaping change to my backyard, that is enclosed and no one can see, I have to submit for approval by the HOA. I've never gotten any pushback and they are laid back about it all for the most part, thankfully, but it is annoying when I want to get some work done and it takes 2-3 weeks for a review and an approval.
Ah yes, this is just usual *subverting your expectations* writing TLOU2 writers got inspired about after watching Game of Thrones later seasons. I bet these writers also loved The Last Jedi.
You aren't missing anything...
What is up with Google being so terrible now anyway? I don't even get it. Even their tried and true search is just mediocre now. Unlike the days of the internet where Google scooped up everything, Google now has a set of curated and approved sites and anything you search for first shows the results from their pre-selected approved sites, even if they are not the actual most popular on the internet. Only when I get several pages down do they start showing me actual results from the open internet. It feels so stupid that I often have to double check my searches with Bing because Google is walling off the internet from their users and I need to double check there isn't some major site I am missing that Google buried on the page 5 of the results even though it dominates the top 5 results of every other search engine. WTF Google.
There's zero continuity. Sometimes the predator is bullet proof, sometimes not. The initial concept was cool, Predator gone rogue, wants to give humans a super weapon or something. Neat idea. Everything after the concept was absolutely embarrassingly bad.
Dark Knight Rises is the only Nolan movie I didn't really enjoy.
The whole thing was so bad that the show got canceled after this.
No, she failed the last question so lost everything AND her marriage was destroyed. It was so bad that they ended up canceling the show after this episode aired.
TV networks are not allowed to block political ads. In other words, legally, Trump can run ads on CNN and they have to provide airtime for them just like Fox has to for Biden. All network and Cable TV cannot block political ads due to FCC regulations and law. Why are internet companies exempted from this behavior?
Because Bush and his deep state pack weren't actually conservatives and were all part.of the same deep state pro war neocon bunch.
Biologist here. Asymptomatic people can spread but it is much harder to spread, when it does spread this way, viral load is often much much lower which in almost all viruses, likely Covid19 as well, has an effect on the body's ability to more readily respond to foreign bodies and build an antibody response before it gets too bad. Larger viral load exposures can be significantly more dangerous because they can attack the body quicker than the body might be able to mount a response. All the talk and worry of the silent shredders has been so completely overblown, imo. The only worry should have ever been on symptomatic people wearing face masks or avoiding public places. I say this as not just a biologist, but a guy who used to work in virology. No established strategy in science or the medical world ever said that people who were asymptomatic should wear masks to stop the spread. In fact, asymptomatic spreading might actually be a good thing as it spread slow viral load amounts allowing others to build immunity faster thus spreading herd immunity quicker without sending people to the hospital. Also, just to provide an anecdotal example, my wife works in healthcare as a dental hygienist and she went and got serum tested for antibodies and came back positive, so she is now immune to the virus. In that time of close intimate proximity, living in the same home, myself and none of my 3 kids presented symptoms. Asymptomatic spreaders should not be feared. Symptomatic spreaders you should be more worried about.
Well, to be fair, a chain-linked arm of Chaz people blocked the police from responding initially, and they even barricaded the hospital from police so they could not talk to the victim who survived.
The buy 2 get 2 free deal at gamestop for any used game 4.99 or less meant this game only cost me 2.50 when I bought it. Not bad. Impossible to find a store with one in stock though. I had to order on their website.
Raiden was even only bad because it was bait and switch. We thought we were getting a new game with Snake, not Snake as a side character. Plus, Raiden got a little whiny by the end. But, the continuity of the universe still stood and the game wasn't just trying to subvert our expectations for any reason other than to surprise and shock the audience. Him being a different playable character was like the center message of the entire theme of MGS2 which centered around a person having the same background, the same circumstance, will react in the same way. It was part of the central message of the game and the test of the AI program to see a real-world scenario repeat of the Snake Scenario, but a different person. It also still kept Snake as a bad-ass even though he was a side character. They didn't shit on the previous progress of the MGS games for the sake of the new story. Replaying MGS2 it was still a fun game and I warmed up to Raiden somewhat in subsequent playthroughs. Abby is a straight-up evil, bad character. There is no empathy for her. She was poorly written. There is no warming up to her eventually. I would have maybe been ok if she was only a 2 or 3hr part of the game. She makes up such a huge portion of the game though, it just sucks so bad.
White liberal CEO making this decision against Black familly's wishes, of whom this is based upon. Fairly standard for leftist liberals who are offended on behalf of the minorities they look down upon and feel they need baby gloves and special treatment. It's passive racism from the left, imo.
Or, it could be that people are getting tired of it because they are realizing it is not helping the cause at all and is turning into a really long re-election ad for Republican challengers. You might not agree with that or believe it, but literally all fundraising advertisements going out now are pointing out the "lawlessness of the left" and fearmongering about CHAZ coming to their neighborhoods next. If you think that won't have some effect on a populace, you are just burying your head in the sand. The whole thing is not working and every single day another PR disaster for CHAZ comes out. 2 days ago was a murder in CHAZ and a human chain with linked arms barricaded the police from coming in to investigate whilst the police on a megaphone pleaded with them to "Please let us through, we just want to help investigate the shooting, nothing else." Nope, they got blocked. Hell, the protestors even followed the police to the hospital and barricaded the hospital to prevent the police from speaking to the injured survivor because I guess snitches get stitches or something stupid like that. But nope, it's just a bunch of false flag stuff because people have a different opinion than you on it. Get out of your feedback loop and the bubble you are letting yourself live in, for your own sake.
Seriously, the month before 4th of July fireworks pop up for sale everywhere. This is the most logical thing. Not some CIA Psy Op lmfao.
The only one I can kind of think of would be FF7 Remake. It takes probably about 40+ hrs to beat, maybe not 50. It is extremely linear this time around. Ya, there's a couple of parts you can basically just explore around and socialize, but generally speaking, it's very linear.
Same with BUDGET. I marked every last nick on that walk around and disclosure said anything not found in it I would have to sign for.
Computational biology, like comparison genomics, is all in Perl.
That is 100% BS. Just FYI, I was given a quote at 2.875% on a 30 year refinance just this week (2.99 APR if we literally rolled closing costs into the mortgage). ZERO points. This is bullshit and you should call him out for lying. Drop them immediately. They don't get another chance here. Find other lenders. Don't forget, you can get many different credit checks at different lenders as long as it is within the like 45 day window from the first one as the credit agencies only count it as a single credit pull within that window as they know people are shopping around. Don't be afraid to go to more than 1 lender to get their rates.
Yup, shutdown in 6 months.
He basically said the CHOP thing isn't a Black movement, it's a bunch of white people that hijacked the BLM movement for their own reasons and that CHOP/CHAZ was a lot of bullshit. He's not exactly wrong because this whole thing isn't even really about Black Justice against police violence and systemic racism anymore, the whole movement is straight-up pro-marxist, overthrowing capitalism movement now, pseudo anarchist, antifa movement now. Also, l
I am fully aware that there are grocery unions. You must be unaware of how little power that segment of the union is. The meat-packing plants aren't going to go on strike so the cashiers at Albertsons or Safeway get more healthcare. It might be a mega union, but that union mainly allows the grocery people to exist for the sake of sucking up lots and lots of dues but doesn't really have much power to help them. Where I live, non-union grocery stores like Kroger have better pay and benefits than the unionized ones and if the unionized workers all took off one day at Safeway, they'd have the spots filled in a week because they have ZERO skilled labor. Much of the rest of the union is completely skilled labor. The entire union doesn't go on strike. It's compartmentalized, as is the negotiating power. Nothing changes the fact that if you are in a low skill job that means you are easily replaced. Gain some skills, make yourself more valuable. It's not as hard as you think to go from an hourly retail job to something maybe $30+ per hour because you spent 3 to 6 months learning some trade skill on the side.
So, a male who prefers women, but dresses and acts like a female? A cross-dressing straight male in other words? LMFAO this is starting to get absurd now to follow this stuff.
Ok, in all seriousness, what is this whole creepiness about "I prayed and God wanted me to touch you" type of crap? I mean, he is a college professor. This is an attractive trait. It means you are professionally successful, have some financial stability, and then have some brains. It is a very attractive resume when trying to meet women. Why would someone like this need to go through this entire creepy and tedious process to convince a girl to touch him. I'd imagine there are plenty of women and other young women he could meet that might not have as strict of standards that he would need to throw some fake revelation to convince them to let him touch them. This is just so bizarre to me. The guy must truly be deranged or on some mega power trip to go through this much trouble to get a girl to lower her guard against him when he could probably meet single women anywhere who might not have perfect moral standards and he could get the same thing much easier. So weird.
You NEED the membership number of the person who purchased it if you don't have a gift receipt. This is strictly to prevent abuse of the system from stolen items.
I mean, we locked down in Arizona when we had almost zero cases and it already spread through New York. I'd imagine they have some semblance of herd immunity now, so it doesn't spread as easily. Locking down only delayed thr inevitable. As a biologist who used to work in virology, I kept saying that locking all.places down universally was a bit unwise because when you unlock it just spreads again and without a vaccine, you cannot stop the viral spread. There is no way to stop it. You can slow infection rates down, you can delay it, but it will eventually spread. So, we locked down, left our hospitals empty, put companies out of business, and now, when we actually need to be flattening our own curve, we're asking people to wear fask masks more diligently. We had no curve to flatten when Arizona locked down. Now we do. Every place will eventually. This is why nationwide universal.lockdown at the same time was always a bad idea. They should've only locked down once the outbreak hit their city. At this point, a 2nd full lockdown could bury this country economically and put us into a depression not seen since 1929 so no one will let that happen and a lockdown isn't even on the table anymore.
My minivan cost more than that car. It's not some car only a rich executive could drive.
This was actually, imo, a HUGE flaw with Thr Last of Us 2's writing. Swearing is fine, but excessive and unnecessary swearing is not edgy, realistic, or smart writing. It comes across more juvenile than anything. TLOU2 had so much swearing just in casual conversation that it actually detracted from the story. I noticed Cyberpunk 2077 seems to have the same issue. Almost every other sentence last half of that trailer is curse words. It doesn't come across as smart, just a writer trying to sound edgy.
Considering Crysis was one of my favorite FPS of all time, I am excited. Not sure why I didn't care much for Crysis 2 beyond the story kind of being lame, but I can still turn on Crysis 1 and it is a fantastic and fun game. Really excited for remake.
The difference is China owns a financial stake in Reddit so Spez just bends over for him as they stuff his mouth with more money.
In this makes it sound like it's barely just a graphical update, that's it. That's sort of underwhelming. If it's just a slight graphical remaster, why not Warhead? How disappointing.
