&gt; Free if you want to wait 6-9 months. For fun, check what the wait times look like for seeing specialists as a Medicare/Medicaid patient in various regions of the United States. When such statistics are even collected, the results can be rather shocking.
Same problem here with BTC, has shown as Success for past 2hrs and yet not credited to balance yet.
Interesting... that sudden dump from 0.0565 to 0.0548 on Poloniex was someone closing a large margin long, opened on Dec 28th at at time when prices were around 0.05
the *real* ethertanks battles are in the comment threads
Hey, any chance we could get some sort of warning on the Deposit pages when you guys are aware of issues like this? It's very frustrating to see a deposit confirm, and yet have zero idea when the funds will actually be available. On a related note, I can't seem to find a link to https://status.kraken.com/ anywhere on the site itself.... It's also nowhere to be found on the Kraken Blog, is not mentioned in the recent Blogposts about system performance, etc... Hell, I literally can't even find it via a google search for Kraken Status! (It's not on the first 5 pages of results)
&gt; And then when you go to sell the bitcoins to come up with your $250,000, you pay taxes on the sale of the bitcoins. &gt; &gt; Selling $1M of bitcoins, another $250k taxes. So instead of selling a house for $1M and getting $750k post tax, you're getting $500k These aren't sales taxes on individual transactions, they are income taxes on gains, difference between value at time of receipt and time of sale. If there's no gains in between the receipt of the 1M in Bitcoin and the sale of the Bitcoin for 1M then there's no additional capital gains to be taxed, just the 1 Million.
It's funny how whenever someone mentions CNN on Reddit there's suddenly multiple T_D posters on scene complaining about "Fake News"
&gt;Also, I find it interesting that you called it coriander and cilantro in the same gif. Coriander is often used to refer to the ground seed, even in regions where Cilantro is typical when referring to the greens. In fact, I can't say I've ever seen someone refer to Cilantro seeds in a culinary context, only in reference to gardening.
As I understand it Cilantro / Culantro is the Spanish word so usage is primarily in the Americas, and various Hispanic cuisines seem to make far heavier use of the greens than they do the seeds. And just to make it super confusing, when you do see the seeds used in Mexican cuisine it's usually called Coriander! I wonder if anyone sells freeze-dried &amp; ground cilantro greens, just to take this confusion to it's most extreme?
&gt; You don't smoke hash oil out of a bong... Seems to be the primary method used these days, most dab rigs are essentially just small bongs fitted with a "nail" instead of a traditional bowl.
This wouldn't be unheard of, I had a similar issue with a batch of MSI cards a few years back. I noticed a couple rigs had hotter than normal cards, and when I checked I noticed several seized fans and portions of cards coated in a thick oily substance. I'm not talking the usual trace of oil around thermal pads, the bottom edge of the PCBs were dripping wet, with an actual drip of goo suspended from one card, spray visible on the plastic shrouds, risers, nearby cables, etc... Contacted MSI and was told it was a non-conductive gel leaking from the fan hub, and that it was a known design issue. ([link to a later MSI statement](https://forums.overclockers.co.uk/posts/25969091/)) I had a dozen of that batch of 280X, ultimately all of them had fan failures + goo leakage and went in for warranty replacement. Ended up receiving mostly 390s in return, so turned out pretty well overall :)
Same thing happened with certain MSI cards a few years back, the fans would leak oil when run long term at high speeds and then seize up. See my other comment further down for detail.
I have a similar amount of cards and I've seen some slightly oily cards before, but the MSI cards took it to a whole new level. It was quite clearly coming from the fans and being sprayed around by the fans coating nearby surfaces including the plastic shroud. The fans were also in various states of failure from slow to outright seized. Every single card I had from that particular batch leaked goo and seized up within the first 6-8 months. I was surprised by the quantity of goo as well. googling MSI 280x twin frozr leak will return tons of results about this specific issue Here's a quote from the MSI statement I linked above: &gt;[MSI HQ have been working on the fix since late December to make some changes to our Twin Frozr coolers to stop this from happening. At the centre of the fan there is a 3mm gap inside where a specially made gel is inserted to keep our fans running smoothly and quietly to give you the award-winning silent conditions during idle and gaming modes you have seen and/or heard about. MSI has since reduced this to 2mm. This doesn't sound much but has in fact solved one of the issues whereby there was extra space for air to squeeze inside the area alongside the gel to cause tiny air bubbles that \(while at 100% fan load for a long period of time\) **forces the gel to leak out onto the fan shroud and surrounding area**.](https://forums.overclockers.co.uk/posts/25969091/) &gt;[The final issue that was fixed was simply not to put as much gel inside the fans core. We intentionally put more gel into this area during production to ensure your cards would continue to run smoothly and that durability would never decrease. Sadly our good intentions came back to hurt us since many customers are using R9 Graphics Cards \(and R7\) to mine for coins jumping quickly onto the Cryptocurrency bandwagon. Our cards we're not designed for this. Under normal gaming conditions this would not happen \(rare cases it may\). MSI HQ wanted \(yet again\) to improve our award-winning Twin Frozr coolers further by solving any and all reliability questions of the running of our fans... hence more gel.](https://forums.overclockers.co.uk/posts/25969091/)
Didn't you guys already have a Satoshi's Vision conference? https://medium.com/@peter_r/satoshis-vision-bitcoin-development-scaling-conference-dfb56e17c2d9
keep in mind chicken is considerably more protein dense than tofu by weight, anywhere from 1.5x to 4x more protein per 100g depending on the type &amp; firmness of tofu.
&gt; i ate brussel sprouts for the first time this week. and i was surprised it's a universally hated food? steamed to a bright green, chopped into slices with salt+pepper and some mustard. If my parents generation is to be believed, brussels sprouts were part of some sort of mass torture ritual where they were boiled until they were a sickly pale green and smelled of sulfur, then served plain without salt, with everyone forced to eat them before they could leave the table.
The subreddit's automoderator is setup so that all comments go directly into the moderator queue, and require manual approval before they appear. But... their support team has decided to focus on tickets instead of Reddit, so nothing gets approved.
The poloniex ETH deposit sweeping contract is not working properly. You can see it's progress here: https://etherscan.io/address/0x209c4784ab1e8183cf58ca33cb740efbf3fc18ef "Normal" behavior sees it sweep 5-20 addresses at intervals varying from every 15min to every hour... but it's not working right. At this point it's last batch was 9 hours ago, and the one before was 17 hours ago. If you look at the specific addresses being swept, you'll see many have been waiting 24-36 hrs.
Can confirm, the Trades tab does not include any trades that have occurred since relaunch. (API or not) Likewise, visiting the individual page for an executed order shows the Trades section at the bottom completely blank for all orders executed since relaunch: https://www.kraken.com/u/trade#tab=orders&amp;otxid=XXXXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX paging /u/kraken-jpj Thankfully, the trades are visible in the Ledger section of the Overview tab.
BTC withdrawals are working fine, my last few have been visible on-chain within 10 minutes.
They appear to have fixed the issue, all the missing Trades entries are now visible.
One thing to make sure is that your device's clock is set accurately, being out of sync will result in invalid 2FA codes. Also perhaps take a second look at what you wrote down, see if there are any potential typos, try some variations?
Yeah the contract doesn't seem to care about age, it sweeps addresses seemingly at random.... I've seen batches that include both 2 day old deposits and deposits made just minutes earlier. quite frustrating when we can never be certain when a deposit will arrive... will it be 20 minutes or 36 hours?
I recall a couple times using my third gen firewire iPod as an external boot drive for troubleshooting &amp; such. I used it to create bootable OSX install media for one machine with a dead DVD drive, and on another I made a bootable clone of the main OS drive. Very handy.
As I recall there was a DS9 episode where Quark tries to create a "special" holosuite program featuring Major Kira for a wealthy client.
Withdrawals are enabled now, and have been for the past hour or so.
I don't know how you guys are currently setup, but I do know it's possible to configure automod to notify users when their comment is filtered based on age/karma/etc.... thresholds.
To be clear.... I said it's **possible** to configure it that way. I have no information on the current /r/ethtrader automoderator config, I've just seen it setup that way in other subreddits.
Yes, I received some on Kraken today.
Unfortunately they aren't making a cent right now, as trading fees are 0% until the end of the month as compensation for the outage.
I still have a tab open and it's still showing active trading, but attempting to open new tabs fails.
&gt; Just because there is no dog murder department doesn't mean killing dogs is legal. While I do get your point, we're talking about South Korea here, they literally butcher dogs for food.
He's grasping at straws, Bitcoin had already fallen around 25% and was continuing to fall before this Bitconnect news broke. I'm sure the bad news had some impact coming during a 48hr span where BTC's price fell ~50% (and rebounded ~30% from the bottom), but Bitcoin has had a substantial crash in mid January multiple years in a row now (2017's low was 2nd week of January) and there's any number of factors involved that have far more impact than BCC.
&gt;Their website clearly states you can't redeem their play money for real money so why would people be using it? Actually, it very clearly sets forth terms for customers redeeming Tethers for real money. Hell, the [fees page](https://tether.to/fees/) even includes fees for withdrawing to a Bank Account! I think this sentence sums it up well: **Absent a reasonable legal justification not to redeem Tether Tokens, and provided that you are a fully verified customer of Tether, your Tether Tokens are freely redeemable.** There's a whole section of their terms that goes over the various details, essentially stating that they will redeem Tethers for verified customers so long as they are not legally forbidden from doing so: https://tether.to/legal/ &gt;**Tether Tokens are backed by money, but they are not money themselves.** Tether will not issue Tether Tokens for consideration that is other Digital Tokens (for example, bitcoin), and will not redeem Tether Tokens for other Digital Tokens; only money will be accepted upon issuance, **and only money will be provided upon redemption. In order to cause Tether Tokens to be issued or redeemed by Tether, you must be a verified customer of Tether**. No exceptions will be made to this provision. **The right to have Tethers redeemed or issued is a contractual right personal to you.** Tether must and does at all times reserve the right to refuse to issue or redeem Tether Tokens, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if any act, conduct, transaction, omission, or misrepresentation: &gt;violates; attempts or conspires to violate; causes, aids, or abets the violation of; &gt;involves a Prohibited Jurisdiction or Sanctioned Person under; &gt;is suspected or believed to be blocked property, frozen assets, or economic resources, or the proceeds of any crime, terrorist financing, or corruption related to any Person or Government Official under; or, exposes Tether and its Associates to sanctions, restrictions, or penalties pursuant to, any applicable Laws, including but not limited to Applicable AML/CTF Laws, Applicable ABAC Laws, or Applicable Sanctions Laws. Tether also reserves the right to issue or redeem Tether Tokens upon receipt of any subpoena, request for information, or order under applicable Laws or from any Government or Government Official, including but not limited to any domestic or international law enforcement authority. **Absent a reasonable legal justification not to redeem Tether Tokens, and provided that you are a fully verified customer of Tether, your Tether Tokens are freely redeemable.** &gt;Persons ordinarily resident in, and nationals of, Prohibited Jurisdictions or Sanctioned Persons under Applicable Sanctions Laws; Persons and Government Officials believed or suspected to be transacting in the proceeds of corruption, bribery, or other crimes under Applicable ABAC Laws; and Persons believed or suspected to be engaged in money laundering or terrorist financing under Applicable AML/CTF Laws are not permitted to be customers of Tether; are not permitted to cause Tethers to be issued or redeemed; and, are not permitted to hold or transact in Tether Tokens. &gt;Furthermore, residents of certain U.S. states are not permitted to be customers of Tether; are not permitted to cause Tethers to be issued or redeemed; and, are not permitted to hold Tether Tokens. Seems to be pretty clear that fully verified customers who are not violating the law have the right to redeem tethers for the money they are backed by. &gt;I'm honestly so confused if anyone actually believes tether is a legit company with legit profits that enables them to buy 100,000,000 a day in USD to back their play money with? Tether isn't using it's profits to operate the peg, that doesn't make any sense. Tether's profit is from fiat deposit &amp; withdrawal fees (0.2%).
&gt;Tether will not redeem USDT for USD. Give it a try. You said "Their website clearly states you can't redeem", I have proven that their website actually clearly states that they **are redeemable**. It explicitly talks of a contractual right to have Tether redeemed absent any legal reasons prohibiting it. &gt;it's printing 100,000,000 a day - it's able to make 100,000,000 a day in 'profits' to deposit from 0.2% 'fees'? &gt;Can you explain to me how you trust in this little company so much to believe they are putting the 100s of millions they are fleecing the cyrpto ecosystem out of daily into a bank account? Can you explain to me why practically everything you say appears to be blatantly incorrect? 100s of millions daily? utterly ridiculous The **total circulating supply** of USD Tether is only 1.65 billion aka 1650 million Where exactly are you getting these lies from?
Neat, now you appear to have caught yourself in your own lies! &gt;They've dumped 800,000,000 worth of their 'money' on the market in the past month you do realize that right only ~525m USDT have entered circulation in the past 30 days ([from ~1126m on Dec 19th to ~1651m today](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tether/)) &gt;They are currently dumping 100,000,000 a day onto the crypto market. Meanwhile in reality, the last 30 days works out to an average of ~17.5m/day, the last 3 months averages out to ~13.5m per day. Did you realize you've mentioned 100,000,000 a day literally **seventeen times** in this thread thus far?
&gt; Are you aware their TOS holds them completely faultless if they misrepresent anything on their website, and disallows any class action lawsuits of any kind? sure, you can find similar legal boilerplate on many crypto websites. &gt;Are you a verified customer of Tether? Is anyone? Has anyone ever tried to redeem tether for USD from Tether inc? how would you go about doing that? Tether's customer base is institutions, exchanges, whales, etc... not small individual traders. Bittrex is a Tether customer: https://support.bittrex.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001293992-Purchase-USDT-via-Wire-Transfer &gt;They've created 450,000,000 in tether in the past 5 days Are you lying intentionally, or are you just really bad at math? https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tether/ only ~525m have been created in the past month, and only ~170m in the past 5 days
According to some random on twitter? LOL. https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tether/ This shows an increase of just ~525m in the past 30 days.
&gt; Why would institutions, and whales put millions into USDT - why wouldn't they just use USD to buy their bitcoin etc? Because moving around USD is slow, whereas Tether moves at the speed of Bitcoin. Tether isn't useful for someone who just wants to buy or sell Bitcoin once, it's for traders. Doing BTC or altcoin arbitrage between exchanges via USD is super slow, whereas using USDT in place of fiat allows for dozens if not hundreds of round-trips from exchange to exchange in the time it would take for even a single bankwire withdrawal, never mind the full trip with your bank acct in the middle and then a deposit to a second exchange. There is tremendous money to be made off of arbitrage by maintaining the tight price spread between Bitfinex, Poloniex, Bittrex, Kraken &amp; Shapeshift, and Tether is one of the primary mechanisms traders are using. This is one of the reasons why there is typically a much larger spread between GDAX / Bitstamp and the other exchanges mentioned above, as without Tether the volume arbitrage traders can cycle through is constrained by the slow speed of USD. &gt;Why do you have such blind faith in these 3 guys and their two companies tether and bitfinex? I don't have blind faith, I just understand the tremendous utility of something like Tether as a tool for traders, exchanges, etc... and the business &amp; profitability model seems reasonable for Tether. If we accept their claims at face value, they have +1.6 Billion USD sitting in bank accounts and their customers paid them 0.2% when depositing it and will pay another 0.2% when they withdraw USD. They made over 1M USD in just the past month off the fees, plus any interest they may be earning on +1.6B of customer deposits sitting in banks. (I have no idea interest earnings look like on this scale, lol) &gt; Their TOS disallows class action lawsuits &gt; The 1000s or 10s of thousands of people going to individually sue them? Pay for a lawyer and travel to their country to take them to court? The whales &amp; institutions that are their primary customers? sure, probably better than a class action. The Bittrex bank wire Tether purchase info I linked in my prior post has a $100,000 USD minimum deposit. &gt;so what's going to happen when their dumping alll their play money on the market causes hyper inflation and their tether becomes worth cents on the dollar? So... the traders holding Tether are going to panic sell? Okay, the only Tether markets with any significant liquidity &amp; volume are USDT/BTC &amp; USDT/ALTs, which means any exit from Tether tokens directly applies buy pressure to BTC and altcoins.
&gt;Because using USD is slow... using play money is not... that's reassuring - is that because using tether does not use the blockchain but tether's internal one - as centralized as you can possibly get. Tether actually uses the Bitcoin Blockchain, it's a layer built on top, the transactions quite literally move at the speed of Bitcoin. &gt;Only thing you can't do on a major exchange with USD that you can with USDT is wash trading to make it appear there are millions in volume being traded daily. As I described, the greatly increased speed of using USDT instead of USD for cross-exchange arbitrage allows an arbitrage trader to potentially do 10-100x more volume over a given timeframe, amplifying their profits accordingly. It turns a potentially multi-week process for moving USD back and forth between Bitfinex/Polo/Kraken/Bittrex/Binance into mere minutes/hours. It doesn't really qualify as "wash trading" if the traders are taking advantage of the spread and making profits doing so. &gt;63% of all tether is behind held by four adresses likely the 3 owners and one of their shell companies. Those huge addresses are the wallets for Bittrex, Huobi, Binance, Poloniex, Kraken, etc... holding customer deposits. As for "collusion between bitfinex, and likely a coupe other exchanges and tether." I would expect close relationships between exchanges and a service like Tether, and in some ways it's a good sign that there is ownership overlap between Tether and the highest volume Bitcoin exchange. &gt;So if you believe them dumping 100,000,000 of their play money on such a small economy has no chance of causing serious inflation or evey hyper inflation making their pretend money drop drastically in value - how much do you think IS too much 500,000,000 a day? 1,000,000,000? Okay... so here's the thing. If people are depositing USD and receiving Tether, then there is no dumping of "play money", and the inflation of supply does not decrease purchasing power. It's also kind of weird to describe Tether as being "dumped", since the only purposes are purchasing BTC/alts or using as collateral for margin trading, so any "dumped tether" most likely results in increased crypto prices. Obviously 500m/day would be absurd, that would double Tether's total supply in just a few days. But 1000m over several months, during an insane BTC/alt bullrun? Not unbelievable. &gt;As educated as you seem to be in all of this I find it hard to believe you can't see this for the blatantly obvious scam and collusion between bitfinex, and likely a coupe other exchanges and tether. Obviously I've considered the very real possibility of a scam, but as a longtime trader I'm also keenly aware of the usefulness of a tool like Tether for various types of trading behavior. Tether is filling a legitimately useful role and there is a realistic business/profit model, there is a real possibility all is genuine. And frankly, I've noticed a pattern that the people most convinced that Tether is a blatant scam appear to know little of the ins &amp; outs of crypto trading, arbitrage, etc... Makes sense really, the less you understand of it's usefulness the more scammy it seems.
&gt;Also you still haven't explained to me how tether is making it's 'profits' to continue to 'buy' 100,000,000 a DAY in USD. I haven't even seen a profit model for this business except they can put a $ in their pocket for every fake $ they 'print' and sell? trade for something of actual value bitcoin? . &gt; It boggles my mind that people are actually believing this company has made a billion dollars this year in some legitimate fashion to be backing their billion + play dollars with real dollars. How could they possibly make a billion dollars when they actually absorb the fees of the blockchain and only charge pennies for the tether trades. Whoa slow down here, I've never seen anyone but you claim they have earned a billion in profits, that would be utterly absurd. The business model is that the several Billion are customer deposits, held to back the USDT issued to customers and redeemable by those customers. Tether's earnings / profits are the 0.2% of fiat deposit &amp; withdrawals (which would work out to millions in profits just from deposits during this bullrun) and then whatever interest (if any) they're receiving on the fiat held in Banks. And honestly, given the vast holdings of the affiliated crypto exchanges it's not unbelievable that Tether is holding several Billion worth of fiat. Did you know that Bitfinex alone has ~700m in USD/USDT out on margin loans right now?
Welcome to crypto, somehow people do so regularly. I don't see how this differs from most other exchanges, depositing to many exchanges often involves wiring funds to unusual overseas banks in exchange for tokens. A quick google search found me numerous reddit &amp; bitcointalk posts by people who've sent +$100,000 via bankwire to Bittrex to purchase USDT, most complaining about the delays in them receiving the wires / crediting USDT. Also it's worthwhile to remember that Tether &amp; Bitfinex have some overlapping ownership, and likely share many of the same fiat banking relationships. You described it as collusion earlier, but frankly... the close ties to Bitfinex seem like more of a plus than a negative when it comes to Tether's credibility, more likely to be legit if it's intimately involved of the #1 volume Bitcoin exchange
It's a last-ditch emergency solution for a relatively rare event, the flashing lights, signs &amp; water effects are only triggered when height sensors detect the presence of a moron in an over-height truck.
This ignores the fact that many traders with a portion of their total, or trade with the explicit goal of increasing their coin holdings. Sure a good trader can profit off volatility at any price range, but saying "If you care about price you are not a trader" is simply absurd.
&gt; They've put out mining drivers. The "mining drivers" were a bugfix for a major performance issue that turned up when accessing a large chunk of VRAM, ([TLB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Translation_lookaside_buffer) Thrashing) one that plagued early GCN designs but was solved with Tonga/Hawaii/Fiji and for some reason cropped up again in Polaris. The mining community had already found an unofficial fix for Polaris, but it involved installing 3rd party modded driver packages so it was great to see AMD step up and offer a fix themselves.
On Bitfinex to get the most detailed &amp; complete data you need to look in the "Balances" section of the Reports tool, it's the only place that shows non-user events like liquidations, settlements, manual credits, etc....
Probably not a good idea to eat anything growing in a hotel lobby, but yes there are edible kale varieties that look just like the purple ones.
PC-Canada allowed preorders, but they didn't actually fulfill most of them. They sat on my pre-order for 4.5 months (June to October), then cancelled it and lied to me telling me that the cards were discontinued by the manufacturer, despite them being newly released RX 570s that hadn't even been on the market for 3 months at the time, and which are still for sale even now. I literally received the "we're cancelling your preorder" email and then checked their website to find +40 newly arrived stock of the exact models of RX 570 I preordered 4.5 months earlier, just selling for +30% more.
&gt;Current gen cards will be profitable for quite some time. Look at the 980ti, they were released in 2015 and are still profitable today. What's really hilarious is that downright vintage AMD cards are still profitable today. One of my space heaters contains a pre-Boost HIS 7950 released in spring 2012, currently making +3x it's electric costs. It's went through several previous owners, a few dead fans and a heatsink upgrade, and after years of mining with a heavy OC the memory has degraded and can no longer handle overclocks, but somehow it still profitably mines! I've tried replacing and retiring it on numerous occasions now, but price rallies, new algorithms &amp; card shortages keep making it viable again.
In addition to the occasional dud the quality control is so bad that there are also whole bad batches too, so best to order from multiple vendors. One time I got a batch with defective USB cables, and another time all the risers themselves were nonfunctional.
&gt; This is what bitfinex did back when they got hacked, everyone lost 36% of their money. &gt; &gt; https://themerkle.com/bitfinex-to-socialize-losses-customers-will-lose-36-of-deposited-funds/ &gt; &gt; But you never know... best of luck to you. It seems extremely deceptive to mention this without pointing out that they actually eventually **repaid** that 36%.
The bulk of the expensive BTC loans opened yesterday appear to be still open, at least based on the inflated Bitfinex Flash Return Rate for BTC This page has historical FRR data on an hourly basis, we're still ~10x above where we were beforehand https://www.bfxdata.com/calculators/frrswaps.php If they had been closed &amp; re-opened they'd be using fresh loans, and the going market rate today is much lower.
They repaid the full fiat value of the 36% socialized loss, exactly as they said they would. &gt; If you think what Bitfinex did is acceptable than you should read about opportunity cost. What more could they have possibly done? Repaying everyone in crypto is simply not feasible when the value can go up 10x in year.
It seems totally unreasonable to expect Bitfinex to repay more $ value than was actually lost. Likewise, it is absurd to expect a company to commit to repay assets that wildly increase in value at anything other than their value at time of loss. Ethereum is currently worth... **81x** more than it was at the time of the hack, had Bitfinex attempted to repay in crypto they would still be at it years if not decades from now.... but more realistically they'd be bankrupt.
It is entirely normal to determine the fair market value of assets at the time of loss/theft, and to use that to determine compensation, insurance payouts, etc... Expecting them to purchase &amp; return specific assets that now have a market value 83x higher seems entirely unreasonable. Hell, the increase in value is literally up from ~81x to ~83x since my last reply!
The majority of the loans from yesterday's shorting whale are actually still open at high rates. (the FRR aka average rate of all open loans is 0.097%)
Futures are also quite high (Okcoin weekly 11740, Bitmex 11600), really it just looks like GDAX is lagging behind
As I recall, GDAX lagged behind at various points during during this month's two prior rallies
because FRR / average of open BTC loans open hasn't dropped all day, someone's definitely still holding the large amount of expensive loans picked up well north of 0.1% if they were continuously closing &amp; reopening they'd be driving the average down as they pick up cheaper lending at today's lower market rates
The fluctuations in Kraken's low volume USD/USDT pair do not change the value for issuance &amp; redemption from Tether which remains $1. Assuming Tether isn't an outright scam there's no need for any of what you describe, arbitrage traders will even out any significant price spread over time.
zomg, someone is selling a mere dozen or so BTC worth of USDT for USD at 1-2% below par on Kraken? quick, stop the presses! Tether conspiracy in full swing! lawl
There were several occasions during the early &amp; mid January bounces where GDAX lagged behind the rest of the market by a couple %, it's been more of a reluctant follower rather than a leader since the peak.
Since the December peak I've noticed GDAX to be a bit more cautious when the rest of the market attempts a rebound, there were several occasions in early to mid January where GDAX lagged behind during a late-night push upwards
&gt; "lets release blockchain drivers for our gaming cards that already mine fine" Actually, the "blockchain drivers" were primarily a fix for the TLB Thrashing bug that cropped up again on Polaris and was was causing substantial performance losses when dealing with giant contiguous chunks of data in VRAM. Prior to the fix RX 470/480 had already seen a 15-20% loss of performance, and testing showed they would lose an additional 50-60% performance over time as VRAM usage increased.
As I said that GPU is now almost 6 years old, asking me if I'd be happy paying double MSRP for it one year ago makes zero sense. Would I be happy if I'd bought modern GPUs at double MSRP one year ago? sure, it still would have paid for itself multiple times over and RX 470/480 currently produce around 12x their electric costs.
I suppose one could argue that it's not traditional arbitrage, but it's also not speculation. The focus is on exploiting the price spreads that exist between exchanges at a specific moment in time, not speculation as to what the price will do in the future. That's the point of maintaining piles on both exchanges, it allows for the immediate execution of both sides of an arbitrage trade near-simultaneously and takes speculation out of the picture.
How is it that you see Bitfinex pricing in an isolated bubble? It is GDAX's prices that are the anomaly here, pretty much every other exchange is several % above. Kraken, Bitstamp, Gemini, Poloniex, Bittrex, Bithumb, Bitflyer, OKCoin futures, Bitmex, etc... you name it and it's prices are well above GDAX right now.
Yes there is a spread between the various exchanges... but most are trading far closer to BFX than they are GDAX. I don't see a single exchange trading below GDAX, and there are multiple trading at prices above BFX.
&gt;To realise the gain and help balance the price across the exchanges you need to move the BTC to exchange B, otherwise you'll just be speculating individually on each exchange. Indeed and he mentioned the need to transfer value between exchanges to balance the reserves on each side, when market conditions result in lots of arbitrage in one particular direction and depletes piles of whatever is being arbitraged. IMO he could have been clearer and emphasized that aspect a bit more, since moving funds around will always be required to a certain extent... it's just that moving the funds is as divorced as possible from the actual arbitrage transactions, and that under certain market conditions and/or using certain bot behaviors it's possible to minimize the need to move funds around to balance. But for situations like today with consistent spreads in specific directions there is obviously plenty of movement required, hence the GDAX discount today. Any arbitrage trader with available fiat on GDAX has likely already spent it, and fresh fiat takes days to arrive.
As I said, moving funds around will always be required to a certain extent... but certain trading behaviors &amp; market conditions can result in arbitrage trading that is profitable and requires only occasional rebalancing, with far less coin movement needed than volume traded.
trading that attempts to profit based on price differences that already exist between two or more markets at a specific moment in time, rather than based on speculating what either market will do in the future. Or as google puts it: &gt;The simultaneous buying and selling of securities, currency, or commodities in different markets or in derivative forms in order to take advantage of differing prices for the same asset.
&gt; i think there are people who keep a ton on every exchange, and by now, with the premium staying up consistently, its hard to think there arent people taking the time it takes to transfer and trade (20-30 mins). That's just it though... GDAX has been consistently the lowest price for the past couple days, any arbitrage traders who had USD sitting on GDAX likely spent it on cheap BTC days ago. Moving the cheap BTC to sell high elsewhere is fast, but transferring the resulting USD from one exchange to another (with your bank acct in between) to cycle through a second time can sometimes take days/weeks, so arbitrage volume on non-tether exchanges has limited endurance and is easily exhausted by choppy markets.
they realize an immediate profit the moment the two trades execute on the opposing exchanges, the location of the coins / funds after the profitable trades does not change the fact that profit has been earned. transferring coin/fiat back and forth between exchanges to balance out holdings can happen later as need be, and is essentially just setting the stage for any future arbitrage trades.
7950 / 7970 / 280x are still capable of 20-26mh when mining newer, smaller DAG size Ethereum clones like EXP, MUSIC, PIRL, UBIQ, ELLA etc...
I think I see a possible disconnect here. For the purposes of this hypothetical, it can be useful to think of the fiat value of the BTC stacks on opposing exchanges as being distinct from the active arbitrage trading gains. An arbitrage trader's primary focus is on price spreads, the value of the fixed stacks of BTC they are required to hold to make it work is secondary. Yes their value ultimately fluctuates with the market, and as such there can be long-term "speculation" occurring when it comes to their holding the underlying asset, but each individual pair of trades that occurs does not involve ANY speculation as to the future, they are taking advantage of price spreads that already exist in the present. Every pair of arbitrage trades executed increases the # of fiat (or coin) held depending on the trader's default position, and as such produced an immediate profit between those trades in isolation, with the amount of profit from those trades in isolation not dependent on the original purchase price of the BTC stacks. If it helps make it simpler, let's just assume the bot has been programmed so the low BTC buy always happens before the corresponding high BTC sell for every pair of arbitrage transactions. 1 BTC purchased at $11,200, 1 BTC sold milliseconds after for $11,400. Profit of ~1.75% aka $200, total BTC balance unchanged. Repeat as market allows. Sure there will be underlying fluctuations in the value of the stacks, but they don't directly impact the trading which focuses solely on exploiting prices in the present, not the future. Any "losses" on the stack of BTC held long-term are just a cost of doing business.... and they could always enter a hedge position to minimize that risk if they desired.
Memory timings &amp; OC are the key for performance with Polaris, and they do not impact power usage much at all. what kind of VRAM is on the card? With the right timings, recently-produced Hynix can reliably do 28mh, Samsung 4GB can do ~30mh, and Elpida/Micron falls somewhere in between. What clocks are you using? Did you modify timings, if so with what? Did you check for memory errors @ 27.2mh? As for energy efficiency, that's really more about voltage &amp; core clockspeed tuning, which for Polaris cards has a very minimal impact on performance. All the numbers I mentioned above are at ~1100mhz core with a -50 to -150mV undervolt depending on the card. I do not have a 4GB RX 580, but here's some stats for my most similar cards: 4GB RX 480s with Hynix VRAM, 28-28.3mh at 1100mhz core, 1900-1940mhz memory and -100mV (effective voltages ranging from 0.94v to 0.98v) GPU-Z reported power usage of 79-85w each 4GB RX 570s with Elpida VRAM, 28.5-28.7mh at 1100mhz core, 1940-1980mhz mem and -150mV, GPU-Z reported power usage of 95w to 105w each 4GB RX 570s with Samsung VRAM, 29.2-29.4mh at 1100mhz core, 2000-2040mhz mem and -150mV, GPU-Z reported power usage of 90-100w each All of this is without memory errors
Most BIOSes these days include timings for multiple VRAM kinds, it allows them to use a single production line with a single BIOS, regardless of which specific VRAM happened to get mounted onto that specific physical card. GPU-Z will tell you what VRAM is actually on the card, and HWInfo64 will show you any reported memory errors. What timing changes did you make using PBEditor? If it's Samsung 4GB it should be good to 1950-2000mhz using the 1650mhz strap, or using PBEditor's 1click mode. &gt;And undervolting the 580s is an absolute pain in the ass. Can’t do it through wattman or afterburner so I’ll have to go back in and flash the card again. Latest version of Afterburner (4.4.2) can handle undervolting RX 470/570/580 using the Blockchain drivers (I've not tried the new Adrenaline drivers)
&gt;Op. 1 is not necessary for executing op. 2. If you execute operation 2 without operation 1 it's not arbitrage at all, it's just selling BTC on one single exchange. By definition, arbitrage is multiple transactions on different markets. OP1 is essential in order to maintain the same total BTC balance and avoid speculation. &gt;If op. 2 is executed because it is expected that the price will decrease to $10k on exchange B, you are speculating. &gt;If the price on exchange A stays the same, op. 1 is not needed at all. As I've said repeatedly, the price in the future does not need enter into the picture at all. The whole point is to capitalize on price differences that exist **in the present** by executing a pair of transactions that between themselves yield a profit. OP 2 will **only** be executed if OP 1 is possible. Once OP2 and OP1 are executed, past or future price movements are irrelevant to the profits made from the combination of OP1+OP2 &gt;Let's consider a scenario where you only hold funds in such an amount as to execute the two orders. That's totally not what any of us were talking about, the presence of large reserve pools on both sides completely changes the dynamics of when/if transferring is required, what trades are profitable, etc... (velocity of money is a huge limiting factor without reserves, but a very minor factor with reserves) We're talking about scenarios where whales have large reserves on both sides, and are making arbitrage trades with small % chunks as the market presents opportunities, and where the directional flow of arbitrage can easily shift back &amp; forth on an hour by hour or even minute by minute basis, such that actually moving coin / fiat around may not be needed for quite some time. If at some point after OP1+OP2 occur the price spread reverses itself and Exchange A is above Exchange B (even just slightly) new trades OP3+OP4 could be used to even out the piles, instead of needing to move coin or fiat. (and in the case of fiat this could prevent days/weeks of delay)
&gt;Price spreads need to be sufficiently wide and have to be sustained for **as long as it takes to the transfer to be brought to completion** in order to make a profit. We have both described scenarios that use substantial reserves to separate the individual pairs of transactions that result in profit from the transferring of BTC or fiat to balance out those reserves. near-simultaneous buys &amp; sells have been mentioned repeatedly, when sufficient reserves are maintained on both sides the transferring BTC or fiat can happen minutes/hours/days later with zero impact on the profitability of prior trades. &gt;I'll say it again: this is spec-u-la-tion. And if you'll actually take the time to read, he says that by doing trades 1+2 together you reap the profits **without exposing yourself to the speculation** involved in doing only one half of the transaction. &gt;&gt;You have acknowledged that: &gt;the arbitrage opportunity is practically guaranteed to disappear while transfer is in progress. And when doing so he was describing that as one of the major drawbacks of buy-transfer-sell style arbitrage, and the benefits of maintaining reserves on both sides!
As I recall the 1500mhz strap transplants are good for Hynix &amp; maybe Elpida memory, it's far too tight for Samsung and will cause errors &amp; crashes just as you describe. Use either the 1625mhz strap or latest PBE's "1 click timing mod" option (it applies custom Samsung timings) and see which works best for you.
&gt;You're hedging yourself by speculating on both exchanges with the expectation of favourable price movements; it has nothing to do with arbitrage. No, you have this backwards! The whole point is that by doing this we **do not expect** or rely on favorable price movements for profit. I swear I've said this at least 3x times now, the future is not relevant, we're exploiting opportunities that already exist on the orderbooks. No speculation nor prediction required. Example: On 2018/1/29 at 13:04:35 UTC the price is $11300 on exchange A and $11400 on exchange B at the same moment. For someone with reserves on both sides, that's almost a 1% profit before fees that can be realized immediately, it's not reliant on speculation or prediction about the future, nor reliant on moving any coins at that moment, and the initial purchase price of the BTC reserves does not enter into it. &gt;That's right, thereby praising the merits of speculative trading on each exchange. No, he's doing the exact opposite! Seriously, you need to give the past comments a closer read.
I'm not sure what you mean by this, each individual card contains only one type of VRAM chips. The BIOSes are multi-purpose and can contain multiple sets of timings (I have seen up to three), but each physical card uses only one of them. up-to-date versions of GPU-Z have successfully identified the VRAM type on every card I've tried, I can't explain that. Perhaps a bug with PBE?
The 6-pin specification is incredibly conservative when it comes to wattage, and in the original spec one of the three +12v wires is optional and one of the three grounds is a "sense" that may/may not be electrically equivalent to the other two. Meanwhile, modern power supplies are almost always 6 wire 6-pin PCI-E, with the additional +2 turning it into an 8-pin as needed Regardless of what the specs say a 6 wire 6 pin from a modern PSU has +2x the safe capacity of a Molex which uses just a single +12v wire and two grounds. &gt;Why isn't everyone recommending molex? The listed numbers for Molex are based on the 13A limit for the connector as a whole, which includes 5V There is no way the single 18awg 12v wire in a Molex connector is capable of safely providing 150w when an 8-pin PCI-E uses three 12v wires and 5 grounds, and an EPS12V is 4x of each.
The profit comes from selling an amount of BTC on one exchange while **simultaneously** buying an equal quantity of BTC on an opposing exchange at a lower price. This pair of arbitrage transactions when combined results in a profit that would not have occurred otherwise. Total # of BTC held remains the same, and the amount of fiat increases, the difference being profit. The profit that has occurred from this specific pair of transactions can be easily calculated in either % or $ without knowing the initial purchase price or cost basis of the BTC holdings, the source of the Bitcoin is simply not a relevant variable when it comes to either the mechanics or the profitability of the arbitrage trading we describe. &gt;If I were you I'd consider doing the same. I have, and everyone but you seems to agree on how this works.
&gt;Right, are you assuming a lump of BTC donated out of the kindness of Satoshi's heart? Of course, this way any price greater than nought will be profitable. No, I'm stating that the cost basis of the BTC stack does not seem relevant to determining the profits resulting from any specific pair of the arbitrage trades I've described. The purchase price / cost basis per BTC could be 0, it could be $100, it could be $10,000, doesn't really matter, doesn't change the profitability of that pair of arbitrage trades. I'm going to combine two replies in one here, bear with me: &gt;Neither is arbitrage if you don't transfer BTC across exchanges. You're speculating individually on each exchange. Weird, because none of the dictionary definitions of arbitrage I can find seem to make any mention of needing to actually transfer *between* A and B, they just describe profiting off price differences between markets using simultaneous transactions, which is what we're doing. What if I deposit BTC and fiat to a pair of exchanges, do a single pair of simultaneous arbitrage transactions to exploit a spread, and then withdraw it all direct from both exchanges to my BTC wallet &amp; bank accounts? I now have the exact same # of BTC in my wallet and I have more dollars in my bank account. This is clearly a realized gain, and these actions appear consistent with various definitions of arbitrage despite nothing being sent in between A and B. &gt;And please be coherent: &gt;&gt;For the purposes of this hypothetical, it can be useful to think of the fiat value of the BTC stacks on opposing exchanges as being distinct from the active arbitrage trading gains. What part don't you understand? The initial price and fluctuating value of the BTC stacks does not change or impact the profitability of the arbitrage opportunities being exploited, only the spread being capitalized on really matters. To accurately determine the gains that result from each pair of arbitrage trades, it seem logical to isolate them from any longer-term gain/loss in BTC valuation that would have occurred otherwise, with or without the trading activity.
LOL Bitstamp was just slightly above Bitfinex, and both are now within 0.5% of GDAX! Edit: and there we have it, Bitfinex dove below GDAX as well.
well... there is already nearly a ~1% gain to be had, so goof depends on what your goals were?
Yup, on several occasions over the past few hours GDAX has actually been slightly above Bitfinex &amp; Bitstamp.
Interesting, the bulk of the ~7000 BTC in BTC loans/shorts from Friday on Bitfinex are still open at their expensive rates. I would have expected some to have closed during today's lows, I guess they must be in it for the long haul.
Bitfinex reports the average of all open funding as the Flash Return Rate, updated hourly. https://www.bfxdata.com/swaphistory/totals As you can see on Friday the average rate of all loans spiked up by 11x, and is still more than 8x above the rates from Mon-Thurs last week. Had any significant amount closed their funding &amp; renewed the average would be far lower, as market rates for lending today are 50-80% cheaper.
&gt; Yeah y'know i always hear this argument from the people that aren't being appropriated so..... Wait... so nobody's "appropriated" aspects of traditional English or French culture? What language are we speaking again?
Many toaster ovens these days have a convection mode, complete with fan and temperature control.
What's hilarious is that GPUs released around the time of early ASICs like the Avalons are still able to profitably mine coins today. (7950/7970s can still earn 3-4x their electric costs)
You seem to have looked at the USD lending rate, the current BTC FRR rate is .073% I believe peak for Friday's spike was upwards of 0.4% and the average of all open loans exceeded 0.1% for awhile there
A single actor or group was a likely catalyst, but once it begins everyone else jumps on the bandwagon
I would never demand people stop speaking English, I just thought it absurd for someone to claim that somehow appropriation can only go one direction. If a white person really into Sushi or Mexican food is cultural appropriation, why isn't it cultural appropriation when a Japanese person decides to learn French culinary techniques, or play traditionally European instruments?
On a related note, the FRR / average interest rate for the open shorts are quite high (still +7x above rates from last week) some are still holding loans at 0.2% to 0.5% per day since Friday.
&gt; The SEC said that for the first time in connection to an ICO fraud, it has appointed a third-party custodian, or receiver, to secure the firm's cryptocurrency holdings. Those assets include bitcoin, litecoin, bitshares, dogecoin and bitUSD. Neat!
Where? The article doesn't link to anything by Bloomberg, and googling finds nothing recent by Bloomberg about Tether or Bitfinex Edit: found it https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-01-30/crypto-exchange-bitfinex-tether-said-to-get-subpoenaed-by-cftc
Could potentially be in regards to some of the ICO scams recently? https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/30/sec-halts-one-of-the-largest-icos-ever.html &gt;The court approved an emergency asset freeze over AriseBank and its two co-founders. The SEC said that for the first time in connection to an ICO fraud, it has appointed a third-party custodian, or receiver, to secure the firm's cryptocurrency holdings. Those assets include bitcoin, litecoin, bitshares, dogecoin and bitUSD. It wouldn't surprise me if they or other ICOs had been using Bitfinex.
hah, sudden panic buys totalling 2 Billion USDT could certainly cause quite the rally
You can with Bittrex, they allow wire transfers +$100k in exchange for USDT https://support.bittrex.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001293992-Purchase-USDT-via-Wire-Transfer I'm assuming they simply pass the USD along to Tether, and either add additonal delays, or are confident enough in each other &amp; their banking relationships that they are comfortable issuing the USDT immediately.
Read the subreddits for pretty much any altcoin exchange and it looks similar, with withdrawal delays, verification delays, week or monthlong waits for support, etc... Really they are just all overwhelmed.
If it matters, I upvoted because I assumed it was a sarcastic joke
Yup between that and the 1000 buy wall that was executed at ~9860 it seems somebody really wants back in at this level.
Indeed, although I would imagine it's not the last we've seen of him. Personally, I'm still wondering when the 5000-7000 BTC in high interest BTC loans/shorts opened on Friday will begin closing. IIRC the loans were opened between 10400 and 10800, with rates ranging from 0.1% to +0.4% per day and based on the inflated FRR rate they appear to mostly still be open.
Hell even Tether themselves should be solidly profitable, what with the 0.2% fee on all fiat deposits &amp; withdrawals and the possibility of interest from the billions held in bank accounts.
The other day I had the weirdest dream. I was having some random dream and then suddenly I woke up to a Bitcoin alarm and saw the prices wildly shifted..... and then *I actually wake up* and checked my phone to find nothing has happened. Was very disorienting
Would the [STOCK Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STOCK_Act) perhaps cover this?
In general, issues with the fiat side of things take the longest to resolve. Thus far I've received replies to my support tickets within 1-4 days of opening them, but none of them were dealing with fiat deposits/withdrawals so I can't speak to how long Kraken takes to deal with such issues.
It's usage differs depending on context. The BCH flippening seems pretty damn remote at this point, but some Ethereum traders are still hopeful for their "flippening", if/when Ethereum's market cap exceeds Bitcoin Due to supply differences this would require an ETH/BTC ratio of above ~0.173
I have a couple of mining GPUs whose RAM is no longer stable when overclocking, I assume it has degraded. The same memory overclocks they previously handled without issue for years has since become unstable, one to the point where anything more than 5% above stock would result in crashes.
Or... like many layman he's using the word "Bitcoin" as a synonym for Cryptocurrency in general, much like bandaid, xerox, kleenex or post-it notes. Or perhaps he's familiar with the many GPU mining pools that literally payout in Bitcoin? Did you know that manufacturers are literally producing GPU mining motherboards with BTC &amp; Bitcoin in their names? https://www.asrock.com/mb/intel/h81%20pro%20btc/ http://www.biostar.com.tw/app/en/mb/introduction.php?S_ID=884
&gt; The DAO fork was also done without consensus as many miners and the exchanges didn’t want the fork to happen There was a near complete hashrate consensus prior to and at the time of the fork, and none of the exchanges were opposed to the fork. The movement to keep "Ethereum Classic" alive as a separate coin only really became a thing **after** the fork had occurred, the return of hashrate and it's addition to exchanges happened well after the fork, hence why multiple exchanges were caught flat-footed and were drained of their ETC (that was supposed to be meaningless/worthless) Coinbase, BTC-E and QuadrigaCX each lost substantial amounts of ETC as people withdrew Ethereum post-fork and received both ETH &amp; ETC.
&gt; Nobody honestly believes BCH flippening is possible. Don't underestimate the effectiveness of propaganda, there are genuine people who honestly believe that BCH is Bitcoin and that obviously "Blockstream Core Coin" will crash and burn. I mean... such a belief requires amazing mental gymnastics, but they have very good instructors over at /r/btc
buys &amp; sells on Coinbase involve them actually selling you some of their company's Bitcoin holdings, it's not directly linked to GDAX orderbooks or spread.
This is a partial transcript I pulled off the closed caption live feed, starting at some point during Panel 2. pdrayton has also posted some other chunks that cover a portion just before I began watching. With luck we'll get a full transcript &amp; video posted at some point. The Chair recognizes Thomas -- I am curious about convergence, the CME and long standing process they go through to review the data and make changes. I am curious on the newer products, two questions, are there different metrics you use on the different contracts on the underlying contract. And when you are cash analyzing within the index, is there any -- in the index. I would say there are some differences between how the review of the physically delivered contract works, and how an index based cash settled product works. In the case of the Bitcoin futures, our market surveillance team is watching that index every single day. We are getting all of the constituent data for that reference price and the reference price is published every day in London, and that's our time to look for anomalies whether there may be a large trade that came in from one particular constituent exchange our methodology is published and in doing so we make it very clear what types of tradess we will include as part of that reference. And making sure while we are using four different exchanges currently for that reference rate, there are obviously hundreds of other spot platforms out there today so part of the role of market surveillance and I know the CFTC is doing this also is monitoring what else is going on on those different platforms and daycaring taking all data into account. It's similar to what we do with our products taking one TRA as a settle price, but there is another contract that offer it is, we are constantly analyzing that data to make sure we have price convergence and Dale mentioned arm earlier, we are starting to see a narrowing basis between the futures markets and the cash markets we obviously look at that closely too and as we move towards expiration, all of that just gets heightened. Frequent conversations with CFT staff, around these issues, just to ensure everything runs smoothly, because that con vengeance vergenes, whether it is a contract settled that's the whole concept and key aspect to any product design. I'll just add we have slightly different product ours relies on an auction we call Gemini and we monitor that market and have extensive regulatory information with Gemini so we see behavior in both market and then we settle against an auction e vent. Our most recent settlement occurred and what we do is we bound that settlement price by an index so not only do we have an auction, but we make sure that auction is correctly based on an index to the CME and the settlement was from our advantage point quite successful to converting to that cash price. The Chair recognizes glen Mackey. Thank you. With respect to the underlying markets with Crist owe currency, when you are talking about new product and product development, where you have a distributed fine of ledger currency or commodity that really has no regulatory construct and the protocols associated with the underlying commodity can be changed and modified in the hard where you have Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash going into two essentially underlying products but you have a derivative contract on top of that, how do you think about that in the nature of differences between that and other commodities such as the natural gas and the power contracts, where the underlying market is regulated do you have different regulators looking at the different markets themselves and the content can't be changed itself like that are if there is not a split between the market participants? We spent a great deal of time with the staff of the CFDC on that exact issue. They were very focused on that issue early in the process, that was a discussion. We all have fork policies around our products how do we determine for there is a fork and the analogy we used, the currency market and currency futures, the currency market is generally unregulate the and governments can change that at whims we spent -- and it's in our product specks, we did have to file fourth policy and what we did with those, the key is with information sharing getting information from the various crypto market and having sharing agreement in place and that's something the CFDC staff asked for all of us to do. I think of maybe a few different examples that might be relevant here, certainly there is a lot of novel aspects of the virtual currency market, but there are also other contracts that have been introduced and also self certified in past years. One of them that comes to implied is mind is the of the eh missions market, are created by a government mandate, and you know there were similar to hard fork, there are different vintages of those contract that get created and with legislation changes and positions changing we had to be in a position that our contracts could adapt to those. Similar to the EPA changing the R Bob contract, for us launching the product is really just the beginning as we said this morning, we constantly have to evolve and make sure we are performing contract maintenance and designed a contract that enables that type of flexibility to be introduced, and evolves as the underlying market evolves and I think the other parallel with the emissions market, some may recall there are similar things where people are hacking into these registries and stealing credits. Again it didn't make those markets go away. They were still very active futures markets that existed on them, and the obligation of the DCMs and the DCOs were to monitor the risk and ensure that we were meeting our regulatory requirements which we were doing.
The Chair recognizes Biswar. Thank you for your remarks what I would like to point out is going back to the beginning and starting discussions about transparency and self certification in the process is the key to this things going smoothly and rebustly. And I think commissioner, you mentioned following the process and what we do and not do, and as I hear your remarks from all three of you, it seems like you did -- do have a process in place and you use that process. Chris, you mentioned about contract participants coming to you and asking you to launch this contract, Dale you mention about are discussion this extensively with the clearing members and risk committee and your board so to me, stepping back it seems like a process was in place and was followed but what I am taken aback in reconcile is if this was so long in the works and was discussed extensive with stakeholders, parties, why was there this adverse reaction to self certification of this product? And this is probably another question to the rest of the MRAC as well, what are we doing wrong or what can we do better to make sure if a process is being followed and there are extensive discussions with the regulators, I certainly don't want more regulatory oversight and things that stamp out innovation, where is this gap and how did this gap arise? The other way to frame it is if we did seek input from participants, are those participants not representative of the market based on the structure they're in? I'll start. I think the first gap that I noticed. First of all I was surprised by the focus on self certification, having gone through the process there was nothing I felt self certified about, we spent so much time working on the staff on this process, and I'm quite familiar with the FCC process and they don't have this concept of self certification and it was identical, it was identical until the very end in the nature of the filing, so I was surprised by the realistic to self certification. I understood there was a great deal of focus on this Bitcoin topic, but one thing I did notice, and we have already heard it, the gap they noticed the most was the volatility of Bitcoin, the actual volatility of Bitcoin and the volatility that was reported in the press, that was the gap and people believed what was reported in the press and treated it as a toxic instrument and that's not what our members experienced in trading. So I think the area, in retrospect in looking at how we ran our process, a great deal of our conversation were with the liquid providers and the end use errs, the market makers we did talk to FCMs but at the end of the process I would have flipped it to liquid providers -- I think we relied on the couchingss with the FCM that they cleared through and some of them didn't and that was probably the biggest problem with the press and the focus as well as the misinformation around the actual volatility of the product. Just to add on there -- I think it's a fair question. I was seeing of the disconnect that I'm having is when we saw folks saying well it seems like it was rushed and I was sitting there looking back at it staying we started talking about this internal in of the fast half of 2017 and I brought this to our model working risk comprised of OCC risk management, the model validation, legal, compliance, we went through that process then went to risk committee, started in July, went back there in September. We have talked about this in a number of different forums and when I felt rushed I don't know if I actually looked for at a new product than I did this one and then people say it was rush I think we need to be sure that we have the right folks on the forms that we reach out to. And maybe it's a talk with each of the different clearing members and whether the right forms are there to retch out and make sure they have proper participation. Maybe try to circle around and see if there are any gaps there. Just to add to that, I think it was, one when we looked at the financial market there was not a lot of volatility. Bitcoins of the one that had volatility in it. That was the one that was getting all the hype and I think what that prompted is different dialogues and the challenge is with some of the end users that were asking for this product issue certainly at the FCMs, you couldn't be speaking with one voice in talking to a firm, because there would be difference of opinions even within the firm and so I do think it's a good point of saying making sure that we are talking across the firm, to various aspects not just the business, or the operations or the clearing risk folks, because even sometimes within those same groups they had different opinions. The other difference they noticed is typically at launch, we are ready to all of our clearing members for a product launch and in this particular case we still don't want don't have all our clearing members in our approach. Many were seeing things on the news and witnessing every day and that process is still playing itself out as well. But we were in a position to say we're not going to launch until we believe that we have enough participation from our firms as well as our end users and we felt we got that towards launch but I do think it's certainly pays acute attention who we're talking to and the diversity of opinions that were solicited We're just going to take two questions.
We're just going to take two questions. Chair recognizes Michael mod lock. Thank you. I just want to look beyond the self certification into the road map of the product and we move from cash settled into futures and listed derivatives, trade life cycle and trade so on. Do you feel that there is an opportunity at industry level to proactively explore some of the unintended consequences that might arise as these markets and products grow and evolve, and if so, how do you think that that might look? I think it's still to be determined. I think as we have talked about earlier today, not seeing anything that has quite had this hype as its been so technology focused and maybe a bit abstract for many people to get their heads around, but I think digiization is coming and we all have to be prepared for it. We have to keep in mind though, our jobs in exchanges and clearing house system to manage the risk of the derivative instrument and our role is not to oversee the corresponding cash markets but for us watching those markets evolve, making sure we are in active dialogue, and I think there is so many great opportunities this is all people want to talk about. You can't go to any conference or basically any industry at this time that this is not the topic of combination so I think that will help it to evolve. We are taking a perspective of very slow, we are happy to be able to introduce the first product but this is something that's going to be a gradual process I don't think it's something that's going to come fast and furious. I'll just say that I think there has been more articles written than contracts traded thus far. [Laughter] I wish it was the other way around. The cryptocurrency is an asset class, there is over 1400 crypto coins somewhere on the planet. We do see it expanding. We do see nation states moving into the cryptocurrency space, and actual currencies being issued in crypto form. Some countries are piloting those cryptos today. I also envision a world where companies will be issuing coins. I think about Apple, and the number of dollars they give to Apple because of my kids downloadsdownloads, I would like Apple to issue credits in the form of bit coins when you think about American express and the rewards program, that's actually a virtual currency that we can only transfer back to American express but I do envision a world where countries will be issuing derivative coins but we need to be in a market where they can be freely traded. I also think there should Japan where some of the exchanges have been registered and at some point there will be registration requirements here or commercial needs for registration so I do think it's an active asset class that we as derivative markets have to cover and go over it. The Chair recognizes ed pa.
The Chair recognizes ed pa. A few of you mentioned development management, and it can depend on the circumstance, wop can one can be the option of principle positions and client positions if a default was for a clearing requirement. So I guess the question is how do you think about the adequacy of and diversity of Claring members for giving product or a set of products? It's true the default is that when a product goes live, it is live but it's probably also true that not 100 percent of your clearing members clear 100 percent of the products that are available on the various exchanges how do you think about the adequacy and the diversity of your clearing member set and whether they can support in a crisis? We looked at the default management, let me just say that it's not only the clearing member firms that we're looking at, it's also the by site participants. If we're looking for auctioning off a book of a possible clearing member portfolio. If we are looking for clearing members that could take on a portfolio, we're also looking at buy site con stithe apts who may have interest in taking on a portfolio. So we engage in both of those. We test extensively with our clearing members on default management test. When we were looking at this product, we were interested in having a broad set of both clearing members that were looking to clear as well as buy site constituents that were looking to take on a portfolio so we know which ones today, that if we did have to liquidize or option off with Bitcoin we would know who to call or where to go to. So that was an important point when we started talking about default management. I say today, we have a number of clear clearing members that are involved in of the Bitcoin market it's no longer a small market it's a number of clearing member firms so there is a diverse selection of different member firms that are participating in this market. It's not concentrated into one or two firms. We have had a similar situation to Dale it has been a diverse set and we are still continuing to see more clearing members come on and offer Bitcoin futures as this market has processed some by nature of the times of the launch for COE and CME said December is in the a good time for us we still have internal approvals to go through let's see how things play out we will talk again in January and that is definitely something that we are seeing in the diversity of members that are coming in. Obtain the lickidation of that is key and default member procedures, testing and that is a key part of what we do for all of our contracts I always say with give ups, we appreciate the give up transaction, and are those agreements are very broad in nature, however it is written in our rules, that are any clearing member can reject a trade from any other firm that they are not willing to accept so that back stop has been there and is always part of our rules and applies to Bitcoin as well. Well that concludes panel number three. Before we break I would like to turn it over to the Chairman for closing remarks Thank you Alisha, it's only my closing remarks you still have another panel, but I apology I have to go to another meeting and won't be able to attend that one. We have two very proud traditions here at CFC and our commission really embrace roles as advisory committee sponsors and two that all of the commissioners actively participate in those meetings and stay as long as we're able and participate and actively listen, and I think today is the first advisory committee meeting of 2018, and the first one of the new commission. I think you can see both of those traditions very much in effect and the tone of most organizations comes in we have a very good commission of staff here and most importantly a great turn out of advisory and dialogue. I thank you and this is something we do well and we listen and hopefully that comes out as good policy moving forward. We certainly take a lot from today and think of that and reflect back in due course. So once again, I thank my fellow commissioners I know they're looking forward to your last panel and I look forward to to hearing about it later on. At this time we will take a ten minute break so please be back at 2:50.
I've posted everything between "The Chair recognizes Thomas" and the end of the 3rd panel below, anything interesting from prior to that?
Could everyone please take their seats. Could everyone please take their seats? Wasser cake in the back. Please help yourself. The meeting is called back to order. And now we will have the final panel of the day. Regulatory and policy approach for novel products. And I'll turn it back over to Paul A. Thank you. Our panelists on this panel are Albert Kyle, business and finance university of Maryland, Robert hmm school of business, Edward B -- and Kari Larson council at -- Smith. I will leave that all over to you and let you make an entr'acte introductory statement and we will move to questions. Thank you. I'm peat Kyle. What I would like to do is take a step back in time to ninety 79 and 1980 when you had the hunt brother the operating in the silver market and the reason to think about it is Bitcoin has the value and is speculative and it can be move around in certain ways. So far when silver future started trading I don't think anybody thought of them as posing a risk to the economy but when the Hunts cornered the market, it became irrelevant and you had 14 days in a row where there were limit the moves and I think there was a collapse in the market in one day. Even though people thought it might not happen, the fed got involved and by turning off credit to finance commodity speculation, made it the Hunt silver corner unravel. And in the end the process discouraged customers from trading silver and many prevented customers from trading silver futures. And the hunt brothers themselves, used a technique where they hid the ownership of the people they were cooperating with and in those days it was through Swiss secrecy law and it took the CFC a few years to unravel what happened. And later were able to figure it out. There was a very close connection between the cash market and the future the market, so if you focused on the manipulation of the contract, you would be in trouble in the 1980s because the hunt brothers cornered the market and are very important. So there are a lot of things to remember about that episode so the question here is what's novel about -- I'm going to phrase it as what's novel about Bitcoin. There are several differences that make the Bitcoin situation different from the situation of silver in the 1980s. The first is that Bitcoin is a cash settlement and you have to pay close attention to how the cash settlement works. What we heard earlier was that the CFTC does not like to see big aggressive trades taking place right at the end of the trading during the settlement period, this could be big aggressive trades in the futures market but also in the cash market. But I would like to point out, if you were the hunt brothers and dealing in bit counties, in the market through a company through that capitalizes as much as possible so you do nothing and when the contract cash settled but by waiting for the contracts to expire you would put huge upward prices, and the prices by position end even though you actually do nothing. So with a person with a large position in the cash market, that you don't observe pulse there bit coins off the exchanges, or has a separate identity with which bit coins are owned, they can pull off a corner and not appear to do much of anything as a pull it off. Bitcoin is different in the that it is even hard tore figure out who ultimately owns the bit coins than to peers the Swiss sequency laws. And finally Bitcoin is novel in that the fundamentals of supply and demand aren't there. It's speculative type of commodity, it can be linked by others, and so there -- it's very difficult to scientifically apply principles. There is some kind of fundamentals to supply and demand that make them worth or not worth something. So let me stop there.
So let me stop there. I would like to start by thanking commissioner Benham, commissioner -- it's an important topic in today's advisory commission. My name is ed, and I am the global commissioner and today I speak on behalf of -- today explores the manner in which new and novel products are certified by exchanges. In December, giving this committee a prime example, to co Ar certifying they have fulfilled their responsibility as set out in the core principle of the act and. These core principles require exchanges to attest that safe requirements are in place to insure these contracts are furthering response trading. And it comes with the reciprocal responsibilities. Today represented the clear member community the that play the pivotal role in the clearing of these products and. By margining, and clearing houses and committing to assessment obligations during clearinghouse shortfall. One of the primary benefits of clearing is through the clearing member default fund. This protects the and the contagion that requires clearing skimmings their clearing members to the strict requirements. This is due to the fact that the clearing members are all exposed to all members. Clearing members cannot firewall themselves away from others in the clearing system. And there were various opinions within the industry about the riskiness of the products and how to properly manage the pore. These were by no means product announcements. And the FCM believes that the launch of these exchange derivatives would have benefitted from more two-way dialogue from the clearing firms that would be clearing the risks in the case of a default. In this instance it was minimal scamper formal conversation depriving on certainkey questions whether a separate guarantee fund was print or whether the exchange should put it in another fund. And whether the products were procedural margined. And two weeks aGodoy to gather and accommodate concerned parties including trading firms and FCMs. And alower to healthy and rigorous dialogue. Similar for the exchange of rules. The comments received by the industry and how they were addressed. This would add to the self-certification process and process the CFTC with assurances of core principle are being met. We also believe that the cryptocurrencies are not the only class that should benefit from the rule changes. And it's quite possible to add these enhancements in place and the industry been properly consulted we would have ended up in the same place. It's our understanding that the CFTC also plans to look how exchange governance oversees these products. And it's equally important that the exchange governance be instructed to make sure that risk strategies are being addressed. In conclusion we do not believe that however we commend the Chairman and the Commission for their willingness to comment on the recent Bitcoin launch. I appreciate your willingness to discuss this on the agenda.
I appreciate your willingness to discuss this on the agenda. Thank you commissioners, and my name is Kari Larsen. I'm counsel with the Reid Smith. I focus my practice on innovative and FinTech and transactional matters. I began my career in the CFTC chief counsel's in the region. And green exchange. Following the acquisition by CME group went on to be the counsel of ledger acts that offers swaps and clears swaps and options on the digital currencies. I now advise various clients on cryptocurrencies and blockchain or cryptorelated forms. I spent evaluating novel productses. And how to properly affect and document transactions. How to effect physical delivery How to perfect the security interest and other novel issue. In the early 2000s I helped the telecom help with the derivative products. Novel products can present novel issues. That there are difference. They start to operate in small illiquid market with fewer players. They almost begin with a smaller with industry specific traders. The OTC market is extremely important in the beginning stage of these products. Over time they become sufficiently standardized to port migration to an ex shake. Often it can take an exchange six months to a year or more to bring a product to market. There is significant research and analysis involved. Internal and external review. And risk analysis. For other than a simple change to a simple contract it includes meeting with the CFTC staff. It requires market education, additional CFTC meetings and connecting new participants. However, my experience has hone me at heart that these products, the principle based regulation allows enough to address novel products. Cryptomay have some unique characteristics has progressed through the trading stages very swiftly in comparison to some other previous unique products. But it was -- but it trades and operates like any other commodity. It was created like the sulfur dioxide. Some cryptooperates as a store value or an investment not unlike gold. And likely admissions physical deliver's is accomplished on digital ledger similar to other exempt commodities. It was thatn't long ago that the environmental where the emissions fit into the regime. Along with the Dodd-Frank the CFTC included a number of questions to the market that indicated that emission allowances should be considered swaps. Comments and discussed how allowances can be consumed. Used to be good actors and were more than just a value formation transfer. Stating that the intangible of environmental or other commodities does not disqualify such contracts from the from the swap definition. Cryptocurrencies as will future products to come we have yet to imagine. But handily be addressed by principle based regulation. Cryptos characteristics may lend themselves to many more products. Cash and FX are digital markets themselves. Cybersecurity is one of the most important measures of our age. The technology advances will have more effect on policy to. And clearing may be accomplished via smart contract. I look forward to the challenges that these new technologies and novel products will bring and I look forward to our discussion. Thank you.
So I think a few questions arise at this point. One is the current process, the self-certification process, appropriate for new and novel contracts? As I said I think that how products currently come to market for all products unless it is a simple month addition, goes through a process even with the self-certification. It favids meeting with members. It involves meetings with participants and involves meetings with staff. There is a process in place. I think that most people are comfortable with that process. But that's not to say there can't be improvements to the process. I'd say almost it's a function of the concept of novelty. I don't think novelty is binary and I think it's a continuum. The question implicitly as the novel complex end of the spectrum. Maybe the answer should there be more regulatory engagement. Should there be a circuit breaker to insure the views and the considerations brought by a variety of stakeholders. Clearing members, and users are taken into account in risk management. I think that leads to the next question is how do you define what's nail or complex. Or what's nail. Where along the continuum does the more in-depth process kick in? I think in retrospect looking at Bitcoin everyone can agree that's a novel instrument. Which should be subject to additional or heightened review. I think there are a few factors to consider. So if a few that the product has limited industry. Even though we're going to do a lot of analysis the history of maybe historical prices are volatile and/or there are price discontinue tease. If you have volatility and gap moves maybe that's an indication of poor liquidity. The price history could be volatile and the price is continuous. Suggesting the lack of the liquidity. Maybe the product is one that has the potential to introduce potential to the clearinghouse member community. Most products start slow and grow. If it has the materially that the mutualized pool. I know there might be settlement issues. And is the product appeal to a niche client segment. If that's true does that mean there's going to be a very subset of clearers able to and willing to clear the product. How might that might affect. I don't think that's an exhaustive list. I think those are probably factors to consider. I agree. I think it's primarily important that it not be because it's a volatile products. A lot of the products are volatile. And that's why there are futures contracts on these products. To look at the default risks or it operates differently and it would be a unique bucket. I think that's something that would be worth consideration. I think from a CFTC's perspective something important to think about is whether the staff of the CFTC would have the capability to sort out some kind of mess or scandal that wound up being dumped Bo the laps of the CFTC as a result of something going wrong with a new product. If it's something like a different agricultural product or a different metal. Something that the CFTC is used to dealing with it may not be novel. If it's something like a cryptocurrency and the CFTC were asked to sort out bankruptcies or financial disaster that occurred by doing some forensic research. Would there be any expertise in the organization to do it. So it would be novel from an exchange's perspective if the exchange did not have the ability to work its way through problems that might occur in its own contracts because of lack of familiarity and lack of expertise. I want to take a little bit of issue with something that was said earlier. This is the idea of running a new financial products by let's say the existing people in industry who might be affected by those products. I think that had happened in the 1970s we would not ever gotten financial fop. I think it kind of got it anyway, and it was a good idea that came around in the 1970s because the future were doing it. So that raises the next an excellent question, and an interesting problem. And that's the concern of stakeholders wanting to be involved in the launch of new products and the new products being disruptive to the existing industry. How does one balance those two somewhat competing aspects. Let's go back to onion future. Onion future. You'll find the reason that the dealer community didn't want the transparency and to see what was going on in the market. So one of the advantages of futures markets is that they are transparent and easily available for all to see what's going on. What that does is levels the playing field. Levelling playing field is bad for the people that don't have it tilted to their advantage. And good for the people that didn't have it tilted to their advantage. It is a balance because in an exchange essentially what you're talking about is a commercial product. It's proprietary and there's going to be delicate and the calculations, and analysis. Part of that is interacting with members, and with users and figuring out the demand and figuring out how to best craft the product that will have the best appeal. But those are commercial matters which is different from the risk analysis. That and clearinghouse working with a member is really going to the risk assessment. I think there's two separate buckets that have to be kept in mind. Some of whether to establish whether there will be activity and two is to determine the risk parameters. I think it's hard to dictate. It's part of the discussion has to discuss with staff and see where there's comfort level or not. It's hard to put metrics on it. &gt;&gt; I think the client clearing service is fee based service. And the way I think most firms would look at new products they prioritize. And so it's it's probably fair to say as new products are introduced there's probably reciprocal demand for trading formats who take the other sides of the trades. Professor Kyle you discussed silver having parallels to the Bitcoin. Silver had been trading for many years and was an accepted futures contract without people thinking of it as being particularly problematic. How does that example correspond to Bitcoin where it's a newly introduced contract. How is the potential for manipulation based on parallel analysis how does that affect the process one would use to introduce a new contract? So I think that -- well there's some parallels. There are some things that make Bitcoin novel compared to silver. Silver was not only physically delivered but because it was essentially part of their business. And Bitcoin is quite different in that the ultimate cash market for Bitcoin is quite separated from the exchanges, and because of that separation I think that's why you have the cash settlement rather than the physical delivery. That is the exchanges would like for there to be a seamless relationship between the cash market and futures market and that cash settlement mechanism creates things that are novel to silver. But not novel to other futures contracts which are cash settled. But I think that many of the issues that are related to cash settlement have not been sorted out from a regulatory perspective even within the CFTC or even within the legal way in which they're regulated because the ability to corner or squeeze or otherwise manipulate a contract is not solved by cash settlement anyway. Some people believe cash settlements makes them smaller or make them go away. The Chair recognizes Sebastian Cowen.
The Chair recognizes Sebastian Cowen. Thank you. I'm here representing a group of proprietary trading firm. I thought it would be good to give a perspective on what we do. I think they do indeed try to reach as much as possible to the stakeholder. I think Jerry alluded earlier on. They're looking for firms to ours to provide liquidity. They typically ask us about a lot of different things. What do we think about the contract size. And in return we ask questions. What kind of interest is there out there. And what kind of end users that are interested in trading these products. Are there clearing firms willing to clearing these products. I think we're looking at this problem of new products through the same eyes probably as exchanges. We're looking for a long-term success for a product. We're looking to trade these products in the long-term. I think our alignments are exactly the same as a exchange that's trying to create a long-term sustainable product. I think they're looking for from the risk perspective too and I would argue is the same for firms like us. Which the self-certification makes a lot of sense. The Chair recognizes Jerry JESKI. You talk about how something is novel. I don't think you're going to be able to define what's novel. Just it's very, very difficult to define who're the constituents, who're those that have some skin in the game when it comes to a new product. It's not exclusive to the FCM community. Those people that manage products all have the potential to be stakeholders. So it would be great if the Commission and exchange staffs had endless time to create these product. I think it's somewhat of an endless process and certainly I think one can learn as I mentioned from the electricity marketplace the RTOs and the ISOs is a very tenuous strained process. So what has been done and continues to be done is to be embraced not to be criticized just because one Maeda fine as novelment I think I've heard a couple of people say don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. Self certification is not novel. I think it's a endless debate and probably there's no resolution to the question. The Chair recognizes Marcus Stanley. Thank you.
There is a text closed-captioning feed provided along with the video, I've just been copy-pasting it in chunks. There is more I have not posted, but I imagine we'll get a full official transcript shortly, as the meeting is just finishing up now.
The Chair recognizes Marcus Stanley. Thank you. This might have been a question that was better placed to CFTC staff in the morning but I'll place it to this group. Anyway, this securities and exchange Commission has taken a very different approach and perspective from the CFTC in terms of its approval or its perspective toward Bitcoin products. It's issued quite a number of warnings. It will refused to approve what could be classed as a Bitcoin derivative products. I think that the attitude of the Chair Clayton of the F.C.C. and differences and distinctions and one of those statutory differences is that in the Exchange Act there is a requirement that the rules of an exchange be designed to prevent fraudulent manipulative acts and interest. So there is a general public interest provision in there, and the Commission interpreted that to say that any, change traded product had to have surveillance transparency into the underlying trading markets. The trading markets for the underlying and had to be regulated. So I'm wondering if this group feels that there is something of value in the public interest provision for that sort of general public interest provision as regards to exchange rules and whether those the position of the SCC took in terms of meeting having regulated underlying markets was a reasonable and positive one. I think there's a couple of things that are different with the SCC in addition to the language that you mentioned. SCC is also -- it's true with the E.T.F. and their reasons are shifting slightly on that. Initially it was no regulated markets and now it goes to the point that they want more time for price discovery and more time for watching the products before. So they've asked those that have submitted the E.T.F. requests until there's more time to evaluate. They have not said they have any jurisdiction over Bitcoin or any cryptocurrencies. They've likened Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies to money. And right now they're focused significantly on potential fraud in those markets. So I think that there's a few different buckets that the SCC is looking through and the prison um is just a very different view from the CFTC and the commodities world where starting with coin flip in 2015 establish that the cryptocurrencies be commodities fit the definition of the client Exchange Act. That would still be the perspective that the cryptotokens and cryptocurrencies are commodities and how they trade and how derivatives products are created off of them is a very different process, and I think that -- with the core principles that are addressed for the futures exchanges and the SEFs is -- has extensive protections within that as they stand. I think that as soon as you start TRALINGED a futures contract on some underlying asset. No matter how little the underlying asset previously had you automatically get a little bit of regulation because the problem of manipulation that might occur in the futures contract when it does occur it's probably occurring in the underlying and the CFTC is starting inquiring about the underlying and collecting information and impose various legal obligations on the exchanges to go along with the KCHCK's learning process. So part of undoing the novelty of a novel situation is the CFTC's learning. But part of that learning is effectively regulation coming into a market that did not used to be regulated. So I think that the big question is whether the right way to do it to be so cautious getting it you wait a long time and don't start anything you totally understand it. Or you allow then so what. Maybe they stay on a very small-scale. I know I've brought up these past examples. I believe that the first interest rates was the Ginnie Mae contract. I believe it was a totally flawed contract. The idea of futures on mortgage backed securities was a fabulously good idea. But the contract itself was terrible. It was firths approved. It firths traded for a number of years. Eventually the flaws became apparent and there was a migration out of one and into another one. And eventually treasury note contracts have become for determining interest rates in the U.S. It started out with a process that might say approved some novel contracts that didn't work very well maybe because they didn't think would enough. I think that the end result was quite good. On the other side of the coin which goes to the Marcus's is single stock future. I think single stock futures are a great idea. It was a great idea in the 1970s when they were proposed. The answer not very much happened. And the reason not very much happened is that the SCC didn't want to do anything unless it was perfect. And nothing is perfect so nothing got done. So something probably in between is a good idea. Whether some thought that goes into the process of designing the futures contract. But it's a learning process that you're getting into is the right way to think about it. We're going to take one more question. And Chair recognizes Kathleen Cronin. Thank you. So there's been a lot of discussion about novel and complex, and I think what's important to reiterate from our perspective is that asset the underlying asset class is new but our product is very much in line we've done on the indices. A number of the factors that Mr. Pla volatility doesn't make something novel and it feeds into something to be managed. Bitcoin futures has our index has a year has a much longer price history than that. And in terms of impact on the risk pool. We trade and clear products that are volatile and that create certain risks outside of the Bitcoin. I think Julie mentioned the emerging currencies and we do manage it doesn't present a unique risk to the mutualized risk pool. We did have meetings during this process and you're not going to reach consensus what is a good product to bring to market or not to bring to the market. Ultimately it's up to the exchange to make sure they're in the compliance with the core principles. And frankly if no one chooses to clear the products it's not going to be successful so it's not in our best interest to bring forward. So I think we've had a pretty productive day. And very good conversation. To wrap-up I'll pose two questions everybody will have an opportunity to answer. The questions are one, what's an optimal process for SRO process for new products and pif Klee novel products and number two what's an optimal process for CFTC oversight for new products both pre-and post launch. I'm happy to start. I think I'll reiterate what I said earlier. I think certain the FIA that the self-certification process is valuable. It's valuable to our markets and it has a history of encouraging innovation. Yet I think that the comments made by Chairman Giancarlo a couplely at the ABA conference let's reflect on what we've learned. Is there something about this particular product and set of circumstances that wasn't envisioned and is there an adjustments we need to make. I think that recommendations he DCMs and SEFs should be disclose and accommodate input from concerned parties and make that available so people understand how those comments and that feedback is incorporated in the product launch. I think that's taking a very good and valuable set of regulations and making them more fit for purpose as we continue to find new product types that are valid for listing. The Chair recognizes Marney Rosenberg. Why has there been so much controversy over this launch. If the exchanges and the clearing houses that were on the panel sought input. Clearly I think there is a need for a member consultation process that happens on the front end which I can say didn't universally happen in this case. Given that the members do provide a significant amount of financial resources there is a vested interest from the clearing community to be engaged and provide input. We as J.P. Morgan invest a lot time on models and we do spend a lot of time giving that information back to clearing houses. We do hope that is considered going forward. The Chair recognizes Dale Michaels. You know, I think there were the recommendation as far as having DCMs approved there's been some type of reach out is a valid path. One that certainly we want to see happen at least from the clearinghouse perspective. We do have venues to reach out to our current firms but the side constituents as well that's important to us. As I said I was a little surprised at the disconnect, and I think that's a lesson to learn. Make sure that the right folks from each of the firms are on the panel so that that feedback is getting back to the proper folks at each of the firms because these are important feedback forum. We do take this feedback seriously and this feedback goes to our risk management. We want to know what concerns out there purely from a risk management perspective. We certainly don't want to get in the competitive issue. We think that the self-certification process has a great deal of innovation in this industry from you see that the products that have been launched because of the CFTC oversight has been tremendous. You talk about Ginnie Mae CRI. The energy futures and everything else. We want to continue that path but we need to make sure that the risk management considerations which we are very important to us, very important to our clearing member firms, and biside firms and want to make sure that continues to happen as well.
The Chair recognizes Kathleen Cronin. I'll be short. I think Irey iterated. I think that the self-certification process as it current's exists works well. We had a robust conversation with the staff as well as customers. We took into account feedback how to design the product. We continue to remain open from feedback from our members to how we risk managing the process. And so we are happy to engage in discussions on that. One point I would make on the risk committees. I think that's a valid group of people to consult. I'm not sure that's a comprehensive group of people to represent. They're not a representative sample of all clearing firms and constituent firms. The Chair recognizes Marcus Stanley. I think from a public interest perspective we always get concerned when clearing members publicly raise an issue about risk management at the clearing houses they are members of. It's hard to see what the incentive would be to do if there's not actually a problem. Even though we don't agree with clearing members with all of their positions. On this raising an issue on risk management we consider that on red flag and the fact that it has come up in this case does point to issues in concern in self-certification. The Chair recognizes Richard Miller. Yeah. To your second question, Paul, about how the CFTC surveils or risk manages on an ongoing basis. I had a thought that was -- that came to mind when I was reading professor Kyle's resumÃ©. We have something in common that goes back to the 1987 crash. And at that time, the poster child of the '87 was stock index futures because of the product that was popularized in the markets called portfolio insurance. Portfolio insurance assumed you'd be able to execute insurance into a decline market. It was sold as a risk management tool to financial management user. But the overhang of the potential use of portfolio insurance would have not been reflected in the interest but was a product hanging outside of the market you would have have been able to see that. So the cautionary tale you take away from that. Ongoing surveillance has to anecdotal evidence what's out there that's being packaged in financial products that might be sold on an ongoing basis and popularized it seems to intuitively the mystery around Bitcoin has the same kind of magical charm that portfolio insurance had in stock index futures back in the 1980s. They might become an attractive financial product packaged up as a means of hedging. You may not see as a product in the market because it's an overhang. So my cautionary remark the CFTC needs to be aware what's out there that may not reflected in the open interest and what's in the clearing markets at the time. The Chair recognizes CHITADARI. The conversation from Jerry was valid. I mean in the end the entire robustness of the self-certification processes Tran Perrin see. Whether that's transparency between the exchanges listing the products or partners or the clients that would be indirectly clearing it and sharing their transparency with the Commission. I think where the robustness really falls. There are a number of points have been made. I think Dale touched on that making if you're consulting it's the proper ones you're consulting. One of the panelists the challenges reaching out to a firm and making sure you're getting a consistent view. Was it clearing arm or the operational arm. I think Ron I think you alluded to the point that the broad FCMs and their readiness to clear should be a key factor whether the product will face a much more smoother transition. I think it's a variety of things. I don't think we should be limiting this activity to just novel products. We have one more. From an end user's perspective, if the banks does have concerns with the process as far as self-certification and practiced they have the ability to charge their customers additional margins which we see as an end user and particular where there are particularly products different parts of the bank may be competing on a bilateral basis. To some extent for clearing it to have some discussion around the commercial aspect. Where end user are looking for unique products to layoff for risks. Thank you. Well thank you, Paul for moderating today's panels and it's now time foreclosing remarks. We'll start with Commissioner Quintenz. Thank you Alicia. Commissioner Benham thank you for your leadership for this group. And Paul. Thank you all for your feedback. I learned a lot from each of your comments and questions. To all of the presenters, thank you for the work you brought in to bring interesting thoughts. To us to the staff. You know, I wanted to bring up something that commissioner Benham raised in his opening comments which is novelty is a fleeting concept and I think it goes back to novelty is a continuum. And we're seeing in the market now we're seeing digital commodities being created on a daily base. So naivety to some extent is becoming somewhat mundane. While it it be tempting to draw bright lines around that I think it's how well this agency has been served and how well the markets have been served through the principles based perspective. But also all of our staff that work hard on a daily basis to insure that market participants are following the CEA. Thank you all for participating today. Really appreciate it. Thank you. Commissioner Benham. Thanks Alicia. I want to echo Commissioner Quintenz about staff. They do a fantastic job day in and day out. It's really fantastic work. Of course for staff on the first two panels thank you again for your work and contribution. A lot to be taken away from today. I appreciate everyone's time and effort. A lot of self-certification is a big issue and one that is headliner of the discussion. For me personally as I said in my opening comments self-certification is over 15 years old. It's worked well and I think it will work well in the future. It serves the CFTC well. And it promotes innovation which should be our number one priority. We'll continue to support the self-certification process. That said there's always room for improvementment I think from both sides the participant side clearly when new products are launched they are very well established. I think everyone clearly demonstrated processes are in place and people are constantly thinking about these. As I've said this many times the incentives with the market participants to put out good markets that last and have yew for both the members and clearing houses. From the CFTC side I think that the individuals demonstrated what the Commission does every day to insure we are fulfilling our pontis under the core principles but the act and the regulation as well. I applaud them for all of the work. I think that the process is very good. Regardless of this question about novel or not, we constantly need to be thinking about new products that are coming to market. As they do come to market. I personally feel a lot better this afternoon Let alone a week or a month ago. That's because we were able to have this open and transparent conversation wapiti to cryptos and what's going in the marketplace. I hope we continue doing this. And that's said like I said earlier there's also room for improvement. I think these venues serve as an opportunity to think about hard questions and better solutions in the future. So with that a quick thanks to Paul Archtizel for your time. Paul was a great moderator and gentleman who has a lot of history in this building and understands these issues very well. Alicia thank you again for doing a fantastic job for the last couple of months. Thank you to Commissioner Quintenz and of course to the Chairman for attend while he could. Finally to this committee as I said earlier this will likely be the last meeting of this committee. Alicia will be taking the next steps to issue a very broad for the next MRAC. We welcome your participation or at least your interest to participate in the future. That said we'll be looking at issues coming in the years ahead. I know Commissioner Bowen was very proud of the work it did and you all deserve a big thanks for your work on that. Again, thanks to the members of the MRAC for a very engaging discussion today. And thank you to our speakers for great presentations. Okay. I want to thank everyone for attending the first MRAC of 2018 and this meeting is adjourned.
Yes, huge improvement. I received an error a couple times when trying to cancel orders on the day after relaunch, but it worked a minute or so later, and has not recurred since.
Interesting, it seems these are *very* old stock. I just received one with a manufacturing date of Nov. 2015
A week ago prices had just fallen to almost exactly this level, and then they proceeded to rebound and gradually climb and reach a peak of +20% above the low.
Samsung is making the chips but it's not Samsung's design, they are just the fab the ASIC manufacturer contracted out to, much like Bitmain uses TSMC.
&gt;Don't you mean cashew fruit? No, the Cashew fruit (aka Cashew Apple) is actually a different part of the plant... literally a large edible fruit, apparently quite tasty. The Cashew seed/nut hangs off the bottom, encased in a toxic outer shell.
That's rather misleading given how dramatically their pay scales upwards. NYPD: &gt;Starting salary: $42,500 &gt;Salary after 5 ½ years: $**85,292**. &gt;Including holiday pay, longevity pay, uniform allowance, night differential and overtime, police officers may potentially earn over $100,000 per year. https://www1.nyc.gov/site/nypd/careers/police-officers/po-benefits.page A base $85k salary after just 6 years, **plus** overtime &amp; such. And we can't forget the generous pensions that pay higher than their starting salaries, some officers retire with a +80k/year pension for the rest of their life.
I've never seen it for sale myself, apparently the fresh fruit has a very short shelf life and is rarely exported. I'd always wondered, given that producing each individual cashew also produces a large sweet fruit... why is there seemingly nothing made with the fruit? Good to see it's being processed into something, will have to keep my eyes out.
&gt; Percentage of total calories is what tells you how many grams of each macro you should target. It seems you are also misunderstanding. A person's ideal protein intake is based on their size, lean body mass, amount of activity/strength training/etc... Starting with percentages is flawed because it reduces protein intake and carb target along with calorie intake, when there's no good reason to be doing so. In fact... there is evidence that increasing protein intake can be helpful with a heavy calorie deficit. Let's say someone is eating keto with a 2500 calorie maintenance requirement, and then they choose to eat at a 1250 calorie/day deficit. If you were using percentages (say your 80/15/5 ratio) that would cut their grams protein intake in half, which would be a very bad idea given that most evidence seems to show benefits to increased protein intake when eating at heavy deficit. Check out the keto calculator in the sidebar for further details.
&gt;I never said that protein requirements would be the same for everyone. You assumed that's what I meant when I posted MY protein requirements and the macro targets that I personally follow at the moment I did not assume that at all, I was trying to explain protein needs on a per-individual basis and simply used your current ratio as an example because it fit my explanation. You said "Percentage of total calories is what tells you how many grams of each macro you should target." What I'm saying is that percentages are the wrong way to come up with your ideal protein/carb intake in grams when a calorie deficit is involved, essentially like doing it backwards. For a specific individual &amp; activity level, a 80/15/5 ratio at 2500 calories could be plenty of protein (93.75g), but for the same person and activity level a 80/15/5 ratio at 1250 calories would be inadequate protein (46.875g) The ideal approach is to calculate protein needs in grams based on your body size, LBM and activity / goals, limit carbs in grams low enough to allow ketosis, and then adjust fat in grams to meet your desired deficit, percentages are rather irrelevant.
&gt;If you are eating a higher percentage of your personal calorie requirements in protein or carbs than in fat, then you are NOT following the keto diet &gt;That isn't saying that higher protein/lower fat diets can't work for people. It's just that those are not ketogenic diets. Technically it is possible for such diets to be ketogenic, since percentages are misleading with calorie deficits. All that is required for ketosis is carbohydrate intake below a certain level in grams (and a non-excessive protein intake) It is possible to be in ketosis even when the percentage of dietary protein+carb calories exceeds dietary fat calories in %, so long as the intake is not excessive in grams. A Protein Sparing Modified Fast is basically a short term variant of keto taken to it's most extreme, with non-essential dietary fat minimized as well. Crude example: 120g protein, 20g net carb, 30g fat (mostly essential fatty acids) That's 830 calories total, 270 calories from fat, 480 calories from protein, 80 from carbs A ratio of 32.5% fat, 58% protein and 9.5% carbs But... for someone burning 2000 calories it would be ketogenic since the their body would still get the bulk of it's energy from fat, just from stored bodyfat rather than dietary fat.
&gt;So, I could eat 90% of my daily calories from protein &amp; that would be considered keto? How about 80%? At some point, you have to look at the actual definition of a keto diet. The actual definition of a ketogenic diet is precisely what I'm talking about, it's all about achieving ketosis. ~100g of protein and 5g of net carb with 5g fat would work out to 86% dietary calories from protein and yet would also definitely result in ketosis. It would be a rather unhealthy crash diet, but it still qualifies as keto. &gt;High protein can easily kick you out of ketosis, too. But excess protein is measured in grams, percentages don't matter.
Yogurt can fit within a keto diet, some varieties of greek yogurt are quite low carb and an excellent source of protein/fat.
yeah that's not something I've ever understood. My favorite greek yogurt is 4g carb per serving which has 12g protein, very easy to work a bit into a keto meal plan.
It's a 2% fat Greek from Astro. Oh, one really neat thing to try with greek yogurt is strain it even further using cloth, or make your own greek out of regular yogurt. Much of the carb in yogurt is in the tart liquid whey, and the flavor and texture change quite a bit the more liquid you squeeze out... reaching a delicious sort of cream cheese like consistency at some point. Makes for a great base for dips (Labneh) and a high protein ingredient for keto cheesecakes.
For bonus points, be sure to check out the various Militia laws from the late 1700s, where you'll find very explicit requirements demanding that male citizens of military age participate in their official local militias, own and maintain the gear &amp; supplies needed, gather regularly on an appointed day for training, etc... Hell some historical Militia laws even literally make mention of Pikes and Pikemen, for those individuals who could not afford to own &amp; maintain a firearm. I've always found it ironic how people nitpick the phrase "well regulated militia", given that there were literally government regulations ensuring that militias were 'well regulated' (using the classical "well trained" meaning)
ATIFlash is a commandline only application that you use via a command prompt or from DOS. ATIWinflash is the GUI version and is probably what you want.
I've seen them in many Canadian grocery stores, but usually just for some of the hearty specialty breads where an entire loaf might weigh like 3-4lbs.(say... a dense rye bread or German style multigrain)
&gt; There is also, absolutely no way you have to go further that 5 to 6 miles to get a state ID card, and most rightwingers even would be okay with allowing State ID cards to be provided for free. I recall reading during the debate over Texas's proposed voter ID laws that there would be citizens over 100 miles away from the nearest place they could obtain voter ID. Quotes from news stories: &gt;[And District Court Judge Robert Wilkins noted that there was uncontested evidence that some Texans would have to travel 120 miles one way to the nearest state office where they could obtain a voter ID card – and that federal court rules bar subpoenas for anyone more than 100 miles from a courthouse on grounds that would be “unduly burdensome.”](https://www.dallasnews.com/news/politics/2012/07/13/texas-voter-id-trial-closing-arguments-underway) and &gt;[Another Democratic legislator, Wendy Davis, said her attempts to introduce amendments to the legislation that would help voters obtain identification, such as making it available at every county courthouse so that voters did not have to make roundtrip journeys of up to 250 miles to special offices, were blocked by Republicans.](https://www.rawstory.com/2012/07/doj-argues-in-court-texas-voter-id-law-could-disenfranchise-1-in-10-voters/) There are also areas in the US where DMV offices have ridiculously restrictive hours or are only a couple days each month: http://www.allgov.com/news/controversies/grand-gesture-from-alabama-governor-to-open-dmv-offices-1-day-per-month-does-little-to-quell-voter-outcry-over-closures-151023?news=857701
TRT shouldn't *always* be considered steroid use, but it certainly is when it comes to weightlifting / fitness enthusiasts.
&gt; any bodybuilder with experience can do that in 3 months naturally. 5.86lbs of actual muscle gains per month, naturally? Total bullshit. Experienced natural bodybuilders are lucky to put on 1/2 to 1/3rd that per month of actual muscle. Hell most studies I've seen show that muscle mass gains actually suffer from greatly diminishing returns as you become better trained, with the fastest mass gains coming from hard training beginners, and with experienced veterans seeing far slower growth. Edit: Here's an article by Lyle McDonald going over various natural muscle gain estimates from experts, all less than half what you claim "any bodybuilder can do" https://bodyrecomposition.com/muscle-gain/whats-my-genetic-muscular-potential.html/
It's definitely cheating when healthy individuals use it to exceed the normal range, but that isn't really quite the same for someone who actually needs TRT medically.
&gt;Is the question why the NDP had an effect on Trump getting elected? Naw... it's utter confusion over what the hell you are talking about since nobody uses NDP to refer to the american Democratic Party, particularly not in a thread about US-Canada relations! (the NDP are one of Canada's three main political parties)
Even ignoring the "taco seasoning" entirely, the roasted peppers, the corn, black beans, tomato &amp; hot peppers in the salsa are all native to the Americas and common in Mexican cuisine. The technique is certainly lacking, but if one was going to describe this chicken salad using a theme then Mexican seems a reasonable choice given the ingredients.
I've had a couple XFX 6950s fans die over the years and each time they've sent me a newer replacement, first time a 7870XT (cut-down 7950) and second time a 270X.
&gt; With tolorance buildup after a year Percocet isn't going to do a thing for chronic pain. It certainly can if dosage is properly monitored and adjusted, especially for those who are dealing with chronic pain yet whose pain is not present 24/7 Many patients end up reaching a stable dosage plateau where they experience sufficient pain relief and their tolerance does not increase any further.
&gt;If I run an undervolted RX 580 (90-150w). The PCIE 8pin connector could provide all the power the card needs (?) and for any overdraw it would take power from PCI-E but like it'll probably be less than 54W max for sata. Modern GPU board design is such that certain components are fed directly off the PCI-E slot and isolated from the 6/8 pin inputs. RX 470/480/570/580 uses the PCI-E slot to provide power for the VRAM and AUX voltage regulators, and for reference based board designs 1/3rd of it's core voltage regulators are also powered via the PCI-E slot. (Nvidia has done similar with 10x0 series cards) &gt;Before you start typing "Don't use SATA because it catches fire..." Actually, this is my big concern: &gt;PSU: EVGA 500W W1 Honestly... you should probably upgrade the power supply ASAP, this one's not really suitable for 24/7 mining.
&gt; Endurance activities need carbs, my guy. When it comes to low carb athletic performance it's kind of the other way around, endurance activities often see benefits from low carb/keto, and shorter duration high intensity activities that rely primarily on muscle glycogen are the ones more likely to see any performance hit. (and potentially see benefit from well timed carb intake) Part of the body's adaptation process to lower carbohydrate intake is an overall shift in fuel usage by skeletal muscle away from carbs and towards fat, allowing long duration low to moderate intensity activities to be fueled primarily by fat and increasing the degree of exertion (% of VO2 max) that is possible before tapping into the body's glycogen reserves. Once adapted to a lower carbohydrate intake the body has pounds and pounds of available fuel for endurance activities, it's the body's stores of glycogen to fuel bursts of intense activity that is far more limited. It's not the hiker that might benefit most from some well timed carb intake, it's the basketball player, the sprinter, the weightlifter, etc....
&gt;I burn about 3000 calories in a day. If the average person needs 3k, I want a new metabolism please. Don't forget, the "average person" these days includes the obese &amp; super-obese who "need" very high calorie intakes just to maintain their existing levels of fatness. It's quite possible your BMR was once in the 3000 range at sedentary (congrats on the impressive loss btw!) but I don't think you want that metabolism back :)
&gt;We have the same thing in America, The vast majority of US states do not have a bottle deposit, only like a dozen do.
&gt; Not only that, but at least they tried to base their policies in (pseudo) science, rather than a mix of "God's Will" Err.... there are references to God, the almighty, faith, pretty much everywhere in Nazi propaganda, speeches, etc... I seem to recall one Hitler quote specifically talking about following God's will. Yup, here it is: &gt;Hence today I believe that I am acting in accordance with the will of the. Almighty Creator: by defending myself against the Jew, I am fighting for the work of the Lord
https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/refugees/claim-protection-inside-canada/apply.html This describes how an asylum seeker can voluntarily claim asylum within Canada. https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/news/2017/03/claiming_asylum_incanadawhathappens.html This one has a paragraph on illegal entry &amp; getting caught, essentially they escort you to a point of entry or office to begin the asylum process, at which point they get released awaiting court date.
&gt; Someone point me to the Opioid Positive people that tell you that you will be worse of if you quit using. Sure, many patients dealing with severe pain would be worse off if they "quit using". People on a Morphine or Dilaudid drip while in the Emergency Room or after surgery would definitely be worse off if they "quit using". People with major spine injuries and an implanted pain pump would also be worse off if they "quit using", as would people using opioids for cancer pain. Despite the ongoing discussion about abuse, it's important to remember opioids are still the most effective painkillers medical science has at this point for many types of acute pain, and some forms of long term pain. There are plenty of people out there who require such pain relief to lead some semblance of a normal life, or just to be somewhat active or even just to be mobile at all. Oh and we shouldn't forget palliative, hospice and end-of-life care so that people don't spend their final days/weeks/months in agony.
He didn't say they invented it, just saying it's a known Russian tactic. Example: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/And_you_are_lynching_Negroes
&gt; The fact you revoke the right to vote for convicts federally is kinda insane in my opinion. It's actually not federal, disenfranchisement for felons varies wildly on a state by state basis from absolute to nothing. A handful of states permanently bar felons from voting, others offer a process to request their voting rights back that varies from near impossible to a mere formality, some automatically restore their rights when released or finished with parole, etc... On the other side of the coin there are states with no restrictions on felons voting, and a couple that even allow convicts in prison to vote.
Functionally yes, although ransomware to pay an arguably legitimate debt is kind of a new spin
piracy for personal consumption is typically a civil offense, you get sued not arrested. commercial use, reproduction, distribution, etc... can be a different matter though
Gigabyte should have a 3 year warranty, they go by the manufacture date in the card serial #. I've had success with RMAs as a secondhand purchaser before, but depending on region it may need to be the original purchaser that warranties it as I've heard sometimes they ask for an invoice, or go through the shop that sold it.
He could have nominated someone considerably further left, had his first pick rejected by the Senate... and then nominated Garland as a "reasonable compromise" nomination. Instead he went straight for compromise.
The country can also be important as well, with Japanese dark soy sauces often being quite different from Chinese dark soy sauces, and intended for different things. Dark Japanese soy sauces often have far more of a miso-like flavor, whereas Chinese dark soy is often dark to the point of being caramelized and used for sauces, to color &amp; flavor fried rice, etc... There are differences between light soy sauces too, say... a Japanese light soy for Sushi compared against a Chinese light soy used for stir fry dishes, but not as wide as the differences between dark soys. There's also a thick &amp; sweet dark soy sauce popular in Indonesia/Malaysia/Philippines that's almost like a soy sauce based ketchup, very neat stuff.
&gt; I'm kinda calling BS on the whole thing, don't they have to change gloves after every sandwich anyway? From what I've seen they remove / change their gloves if they have to touch the cash register or anything away from the food prep area, but not always between individual sandwiches unless required. So, if it's a single employee doing it all they end up changing the gloves each time, but not if it's multiple staff and they've got that whole assembly line thing going on.
&gt; I need to fly it with some type of liberal pride juxtaposed with it. I don't want to look like the MAGAbomber. Perhaps one with the snake on a rainbow background?
&gt; lol If there was evidence we would see some people getting removed from office no? No, your system was designed assuming that both parties would act in good faith. Removing these people from office requires the participation of Republicans, and thus far they are more interested in protecting their own. &gt;Like I said HMU when there is ACTUAL proof. All this Russian collusion crap is a fake as people saying Obama was muslim. You do realize there are already numerous Trump Campaign/Admin staff who have plead guilty and been convicted, right? George Papadopoulos, plead guilty. Paul Manafort, plead guilty on some charges, convicted of others. Rick Gates, plead guilty. Michael Flynn, plead guilty. Michael Coen, plead guilty. If this is as baseless as Obama Muslim accusations, why the fuck are all these people admitting their guilt?
Really? Can you point me to multiple senior Obama campaign/admin staff pleading guilty or being convicted? &gt;Like I said HMU when there is ACTUAL proof. There is ACTUAL PROOF good enough to convict Manafort on multiple counts in a court of law. There is ACTUAL PROOF good enough to convince Gates, Flynn, Coen and Papadopoulos to plead guilty in court. What more do you expect?
&gt;Get the fuck out of here with 15 an hour or whatever shit minimum you want us on, we're fine with how things are currently, just raise the minimum for nontipped employees thanks. You are fine with it because you are the ones benefiting, at the expense of nontipped employees. Tipping culture artificially inflates the wages of servers in establishments that are not high end enough to otherwise justify paying their employees 3-5x minimum wage. &gt;I bus and I make 20-40 an hour because I get tipped out a flat percentage of food sales, our servers can make 600 or 700 in a really busy 6 hour night shift And what do the employees who are actually preparing the food make?
&gt;Where’s the proof There was enough evidence to convict Manafort, and to convince Coen, Gates, Flynn, and Papadopoulos to plead guilty. We don't know exactly what evidence the investigation has, but based on the results thus far it must be something good.
&gt; Kinda weird they wouldn't let you leave the hospital without one as it's something you can get on your own It's about properly &amp; safely fitting the infant into the car seat, training the parents on how to install, how much to tighten the harness, preventing suffocation, etc... Newborns are super delicate, and this kind of training can save lives.
&gt;I bet we absorb with pretty much the same efficiency whether food is abundant or not. On this note, I recall reading a study on the metabolic &amp; digestive impact of overfeeding. I've not been able to find the study again, but among other things they measured digestive efficiency of subjects being fed ever increasing amounts of corn oil, ultimately topping out at a several thousand calorie surplus. Turns out the body is really good at absorbing fat (+95% efficiency), and even outright drinking cooking oil barely had an impact on digestive efficiency.
But it's not particularly accurate as the usage he describes is nowhere near consistent read/write, at least from a SSD standpoint. This drive is rated for 200 TB of writes, you could likely spend a decade doing what he describes and not wear out the NAND.
Anyone else annoyed at AMD's recent naming scheme? Seems rather confusing to have a R9 380X graphics card and then release a R9 3800X CPU. Likewise with the R7 370 GPU vs R7 3700 CPU
&gt;the official position of the Arab states to counter the ApartheId state in 1948 was a call for the creation of a democratic secular country that guarantees minority rights Okay, so why didn't Jordan implement this when they took control of the west bank and governed it for decades? Seems kind of odd the Arab states "official position" would be something most had not achieved in their home states. Hell, even today it's a massive stretch to describe those states as democratic secular countries that guarantee minority rights.
You seem to have missed or ignored my point. Jordan governed the West Bank for decades, and did not use that opportunity to create a democratic secular state that guaranteed minority rights for inhabitants of the West Bank. Given the actions of those Arab states since that 1948 declaration, their call for a secular democratic state with rights for minorities seems like rather blatant political posturing rather than genuine belief in those ideals. Meanwhile... Israel actually did attempt to create a "secular" democratic state with rights for minorities within the land it controlled, as evidenced by Israel's substantial population of Arabs with citizenship.
&gt;like how you might take a minute to understand a French loan word pronounced how it was originally supposed to. I notice this is most jarring with loanword names of American cities, places, streets, where the common pronunciation by locals at times seems entirely unrelated to the proper pronunciation of the word in it's native language. As a Canadian it's particularly weird since I've also heard the local pronunciations many times, but haven't always connected them to the written names which I'd been mentally pronouncing differently.
Duffman cannot die, only the actors who play Duffman. Oh yeah!
&gt; I don't understand what skin color has to do with it. She's an example of the ongoing demographic shift that until recently has been less represented among elected officials.
I'm not arguing that there's some huge color shift ongoing, just that she's a reflection of demographic trends that have until recently not directly translated into elected representatives. IMO race/ethnic background is a better way of looking at it anyways.
The biggest danger comes from non-pharmaceutical fentanyl being in powder form, and the inability to consistently measure &amp; distribute the tiny doses. All the pharmaceutical fentanyl products seem to be in forms designed to work around this, be it injectable liquid, skin patches or lollipops infused with the drug.
web browsers have built in font options, it's likely possible to change the font, size, etc... for most text on reddit yourself.
Think of this like the ocean equivalent of a road flare, this thing floats at the surface and puts out light and smoke so that the area they have 'marked' is visible from a distance from ships or rescue aircraft.
occasionally high end ones go on sale for less than the cost of the main components. I saw a Lenovo prebuilt recently with GTX 2080 + i9-9900x, 32GB RAM, SSD, etc... for less than the cost of just the CPU+GPU alone
&gt; The estate people said they’ve received no information to stop selling anything. Perhaps contact them again and tell them that they are in the process of selling stolen property? I mean... there seems a reasonable argument that these items are legally yours, and you have been told they were stolen.
She violated immigration law back in the 90s by working as a model despite entering the country on a tourist Visa which doesn't allow work. If she knew she'd be working and lied when applying or at initial entry, *theoretically* her status as a legal immigrant could be in jeopardy.
&gt; Bitcoin was gifted to me, while I might be able to prove that in one point I was in possession of bitcoin proving that sufficient Bitcoin was in your possession prior to the transaction would help. Likewise, identifying the transaction on the blockchain would go a long way to validate your story, even if you can't find the buyer. If you can't do either of those, you are likely screwed.
&gt; If I met an unvaccinated person, how is it likely I’d catch something I’m not already vaccinated for? I genuinely don’t understand how this works. Part of the problem is that vaccines are not 100% effective, so a small percentage of those vaccinated do not develop resistance/immunity. Thankfully, if you vaccinate enough of the population, those whose vaccinations 'failed' are very unlikely to actually encounter anyone with the disease, and if they do somehow get infected they are unlikely to contact many potential hosts so it doesn't spread. Now... add a bunch of anti-vaxxers into the mix and suddenly there are far more people susceptible to the disease, more people carrying the disease in public and exposing others, more chances for infection among people who either didn't develop resistance or who aren't medically capable of being vaccinated.
Someone like the MAGAbomber? Wouldn't be unprecedented, given that Democratic Representative Maxine Waters was a target.
My point was that if someone's sending bombs to a list of prominent or outspoken democrats &amp; people on the left that goes so far as to include Maxine Waters whose just a representative in the house, then it's not a stretch that Cortez might also be included.
The Director of the FBI has confirmed publicly that these were not hoax devices: https://www.businessinsider.com/fbi-director-mail-bomber-conspiracy-theories-not-hoax-devices-2018-10 https://www.foxnews.com/politics/explosives-sent-to-democrats-not-a-hoax-fbis-wray-says-as-probe-continues https://edition.cnn.com/videos/us/2018/10/26/suspicious-packages-bombs-not-hoax-devices-wray-fbi-nr-vpx.cnn
No, based on available info these were incompetently constructed real bombs. "prop" bombs don't contain explosives.
Wait... so the Director of the FBI tells you that these are **not** hoax devices, and that they are filled with energetic material... and your guess is PAPER? those are some damn impressive mental gymnastics, bravo.
clearly a typo, obviously they are deathly afraid of Fanta
The sarcasm is so blatant I suspect he didn't actually fully read the comment you replied to, lol
it's also worth mentioning that successful fat loss typically involves a small reduction in lean body mass as well, even with sufficient protein intake and a moderate caloric deficit. The body does it's best to minimize muscle losses, but it's quite a challenge to entirely prevent LBM losses when dropping significant amounts of fat.
yeah, this is the original design which is illegal in the USA since Americans are apparently too stupid to handle toys packaged within a chocolate egg. The two separated halves act as a loophole so the inedible toy isn't technically surrounded by food.
Makes sense, people who didn't do any work for group projects are unlikely to think about or mention those projects again.
It's not ideal from a health standpoint, but it's a considerably better choice than many other inexpensive vegetable oils like corn oil, soybean oil, cottonseed oil, grapeseed oil, and certain varieties of Sunflower oil.
The plastic bags themselves are also color-coded to match the colors of the labels.
a healthier blend of fatty acids, good heat stability and resistance to oxidation. Olive or avocado would be my first choices, but canola is cheap
extra virgin olive oil is an excellent choice for anything that suits the flavor refined olive oil (sometimes labeled as light olive oil) has the same healthy fatty acid profile just without the flavor, antioxidants, etc... and has a bit more heat tolerance. avocado oil is neutral tasting, healthy and has a high smoke point, but is expensive. for cheaper oils, canola &amp; safflower are better choices than corn/soy/cotton/grapeseed. sunflower is kind of interesting as "standard commodity" sunflower oil is meh, but the various new high oleic / low linolic varieties of sunflower are way healthier. There's even a new fancy sunflower variety with oil that's solid at room temperature, altho I don't think it's actually a consumer product yet. (and yes, I've read waay too much into oils &amp; fatty acids)
Maybe we've misunderstood, and he's *intentionally* trying to find the gayest shows on TV?
He doesn't actually explain his justification for introducing a 5 year old and rather unpopular midrange AMD card... it just suddenly makes an appearance 3/4 way through the article. Given that he starts the article with this: &gt;In 2015, we set up a blind test to determine if users could indeed see a difference. Though we admittedly had a few flaws in our methodology, participants chose G-Sync by a respectable margin. We chalked it up to FreeSync’s relative newness and G-Sync’s greater refresh rate operating range. But is the result the same in 2019? I find it ridiculous that he then uses an even older and shittier AMD Freesync card from 2014 GPU in his 2019 test without making any mention of it's age, nor providing any real reasoning for using it. I mean his 2015 test literally used a 8GB 390X, which has 4x the VRAM and 2x the memory bus width of the R9 285.
I did. He also says this: &gt;In 2015, we set up a blind test to determine if users could indeed see a difference. Though we admittedly had a few flaws in our methodology, participants chose G-Sync by a respectable margin. We chalked it up to FreeSync’s relative newness and G-Sync’s greater refresh rate operating range. But is the result the same in 2019? I find it ridiculous that he then uses an even older and shittier AMD Freesync card from 2014 GPU in his 2019 test without making any mention of it's age, nor providing any real reasoning for using it. His 2015 test used AMD's flagship 390X, but his 2019 test uses a budget 2GB AMD card from 2014?
And technically, it is possible to create products that qualify as "Homeopathic" that actually do work... they just don't work based on the reasoning claimed by homeopathy. There are some overlaps between ingredients in homeopathic remedies, natural herbal medicines &amp; plant sources of drugs, and so it's possible for a "very weak" homeopathic remedy to contain enough actual "active ingredients" to have a real measurable effect.
"The norm" for RX 470/480/570/580 is based almost entirely on VRAM size/model/brand. Most of the +31mh reports are from Samsung or Micron 8GB, other VRAM models often won't overclock quite as high and require slightly different timings. IIRC, ubermix was intended for Samsung 8GB, ideally you want timings specific for 8GB Hynix. Meanwhile some cards with 4GB Hynix aren't even stable at 1900mhz with tight timings, and are stuck at 27-28mh.
&gt;Nothing to indicate that it was in such terrible condition apart from word of mouth. Apart from the opinion of the owner of a piano rebuilding shop, you mean? A piano shop that does rebuilding being willing to give it away for free to be dismantled is a pretty good sign that it was in terrible condition. &gt;It was probably a damaged but repairable piano. With pianos, if you throw enough money at a rebuild virtually anything can be saved.... but why? What makes this particular piano worthy of investing 5-10k to rebuild? Odds are the shop owner had multiple other grands that are far more worthy of a rebuild, and that would result in a better sounding &amp; performing instrument with far less expense.
There's also the matter of potential after rebuilding too. Baby grands this size often weren't particularly good even when brand new. Any one of those issues in isolation could be fixable, but to use an auto analogy nobody's going to put the same time and money into a ground-up rebuilding a 1980s Toyota Corolla as they would into popular 60s/70s/80s muscle cars.
There are multiple possible revisions &amp; BIOSes for an ASUS RX 580 Dual OC with Micron 8GB If you still have a modded copy of the original BIOS, open it in a text editor and look on the first page or so and look for identifying info. here's an example of the first dozen or so lines from an Asus 470 opened in Notepad++ &gt;Uªté± T IBMd0“  761295520 © 0 07/15/16 07:33 5 é¼ éË ô  Ð ` á€~ âD &lt;@&lt;  î ÿ 0@  ¾~ ¹ÖP, @AC  B ð}Æ   **115-D000PI20-100** ELLESMERE PCI_EXPRESS GDDR5 **67DFHB.15.50.0.0.AS06** &gt; (C) 1988-2010, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ATOMBIOSBK-AMD **VER015.050.000.000.000000 AS06.bin** 1291997 353602 ASUS_ELLESMERE_STRIX_RX470OC_A1_GDDR5_4G_GAMING\config.h The sections in bold are the ones you need to match against techpowerup's database. For my 470 example, googling 67DFHB.15.50.0.0.AS06 finds the exact BIOS for my card on techpowerup: https://www.techpowerup.com/vgabios/185973/asus-rx470-4096-160715 If you look in the Bios Internals section, you'll see the first few lines match my bolded sections... that's what you need to do for your RX 580. This page lists all the user uploaded BIOS samples for 8GB ASUS 580, one should match your existing BIOS: https://www.techpowerup.com/vgabios/?architecture=Uploads&amp;manufacturer=Asus&amp;model=RX+580&amp;version=&amp;interface=&amp;memType=&amp;memSize=8192&amp;since=
&gt;EVERY insurance company will fold. There are 2.6 MILLION people working in the insurance industry, and EVERY single person working for a health insurance company will lose their job. This seems like a rather large assumption, given that American Insurance companies have offered health insurance in Canada for decades. Blue Cross, Manulife, Sunlife, State Farm, etc...
Yes, and yes. All Canadians are on Canadian Medicare... and yet American health insurers still exist and offer supplemental health insurance products to Canadians. My point was that it seems unreasonable to expect a complete collapse of American Health Insurance companies, given that these insurers are still able to profitably survive alongside Canada's universal healthcare system.
Yeah, without knowing more about it's original BIOS I can't be certain which specific BIOS that it came with. If the card's currently bricked, I can point you towards BIOSes that will *probably* work? Both of these are BIOSes with default timings for ASUS RX 580 8GB with Micron, first one should be the one for the Dual 1360mhz OC model. https://www.techpowerup.com/vgabios/200422/200422 https://www.techpowerup.com/vgabios/206627/206627
&gt; Why would a train conceived by a genius thats expected to run forever be supplied with carts that exclusively house an aquarium, a sushi bar, club rooms and a sauna but not a machine/repair shop for fabricating or repairing vital parts to the train? I seem to recall mention that he was rich and eccentric, and began building the train well before the apocalypse to serve as a luxury transportation experience, and it was just adapted it into it's post-apocalyptic state. At one point it mentions Wilfred being mocked pre-apocalypse for how his train was "over-built".
You also see this cooling design philosophy on certain workstation / desktop machines, I've seen some Dell and HP machines with large plastic inserts that channel front or side airflow directly into the tower CPU cooler
/r/spacedicks used to be a thing, although it seems to have since been banned.
I believe you may have missed the story about Hicks literally steaming Trump's pants *while he was wearing them*.
his individual contribution is small, but if everyone "fuk ur mum", the results would be huge!
&gt; This whole issue revolves around Apple using hardware that's years old Have you even looked? Their new mac pro is using Intel's latest Xeon lineup (Cascade Lake), up to 28 cores. The top end GPU options were literally just announced yesterday, including a behemoth dual GPU card with a pair of 7nm Vega (Instinct MI60s) https://www.tomshardware.com/news/amd-radeon-pro-vega-ii-7nm-gpus-apple-specs,39571.html
&gt; Top professional use requires top hardware and components, which ironically Apple doesn't use. These Xeon CPUs are newly released (Cannon Lake) and appear to match or exceed the specs of the top end CPUs Intel has released thus far for a given core count. No joke, the 12/16/24/28 core options announced by Apple have considerably more cache and the same if not higher clockspeeds than anything in the Intel ARK for their latest Xeon lineup: https://ark.intel.com/content/www/us/en/ark/products/codename/124664/cascade-lake.html#@nofilter https://www.macworld.co.uk/news/mac/new-mac-pro-3536364/
Actually yes, since this is a professional monitor a large number will end up on adjustable arms, multi-monitor mounts, etc...
No that's the opposite of what I'm saying. The whole point of the stand being sold separately is so that professionals can use it with their existing mounts, and not bother buying a stand they won't use.
[8-core, 16 threads, 3.5GHz, 4.0GHz TB, 24.5MB cache](https://www.macworld.co.uk/news/mac/new-mac-pro-3536364/) These are unnamed/unreleased Cascade Lake Xeons, the closest one in Intel's ARK is this one with a $2214 price tag: https://ark.intel.com/content/www/us/en/ark/products/193954/intel-xeon-gold-6234-processor-24-75m-cache-3-30-ghz.html The other CPU upgrade options are essentially the best Intel can produce at each core count, with the same or higher clocks and much more cache than currently released/named Intel CPUs.
The case &amp; cooling setup does look really impressively designed, but I agree there's likely a solid 20-25% markup over component cost. We do kind of need to include some sort of value for the OS as well.
The current US Estate/Gift tax exemptions allow one to leave up to **$11.4 MILLION USD** to their kids tax-free. Oh, and this exemption was doubled by Trump back in 2017.
reposting a past comment with some details: &gt;"The norm" for RX 470/480/570/580 is based almost entirely on VRAM size/model/brand. &gt;Most of the +31mh reports are from Samsung or Micron 8GB, other VRAM models often won't overclock quite as high and require slightly different timings. &gt;IIRC, ubermix was intended for Samsung 8GB, ideally you want timings specific for 8GB Hynix. &gt;Meanwhile some cards with 4GB Hynix aren't even stable at 1900mhz with tight timings, and are stuck at 27-28mh. Hynix, Samsung, Elpida &amp; Micron memory each require different timings for best performance, and you need to check on a card-by-card basis with GPU-Z since there can be memory difference even among the exact same model. &gt;Edit: Found this https://1stminingrig.com/sapphire-rx-470-nitro-oc-4gb-bios-flash-mod-tutorial-hynix-elpida-samsung-micron/ ​ &gt;Says 31mh/s from Hynix/Elpida hope that's true. Amazingly out of date, from back when strap transplants were all the rage. Use Polaris Bios Editor or SRBPolaris and their oneclick timing mod options, they include some custom timings for each memory type.
It's possible they both perform about the same while bottlenecked by a FX6300?
&gt;disrespectful to the victims of Antifa who get their heads bashed in with bike locks. Has this actually happened more than once? I've only ever heard of one victim of an "Antifa" bike lock.
Okay, so somewhere between 4 and 7 people were injured by the same individual attacker at that protest/riot in Berkeley. Using that single guy as if he was representative of some widespread "Antifa" trend seems quite disingenuous. &gt;Antifa is a huge blanket of people. And yet... this one guy is basically the only example anyone ever brings up.
My mistake, I did read about it at the time but it was two years ago. &gt;and it was very clear he wanted to kill them. Is it? It seems the attacker was never charged with attempted murder, and he was offered a plea deal for his assault with a weapon charges that resulted in no jailtime. &gt;If you're going to play the card of one example then isn't this thread just "One example." Not really, this article mentions "death threats poured in", it seems to be based on more than just the pipe bomb guy. &gt;Look up the Marines Attacked by an ANTIFA leader, I mean it's a literal leader of an ANTIFA branch. Which "ANTIFA leader" and "ANTIFA branch" is this? I've read a few articles on that attack, and people keep calling them ANTIFA but I'm not seeing any specific connection. Have I missed a detail? Or is the term being used more generally to mean "left-wing organization"?
I have yet to try it, but I recall seeing recipes that cook it out of the can, in the oven in a small dish or ramekin in a water bath.
&gt; They are auditing the classes. They get no credit and no degree out of it. In this particular case they are not auditing the classes, the $10 fee gets them credit that can count towards degrees.
&gt;California Penal Code details attempted murder differently, and the way it is detailed makes it hard to charge with, so any charges that weren't direct homicides go to Aggravated Assault With A Deadly Weapon. It was a stroke of luck that this man got of as easy as he did. Ignore politics for a sec and simply look at this. A man who covered his face goes around hitting people in the head as hard as he can with a bike lock get's no jail time. I am surprised anyone would defend this man's actions. Thanks for the detail on California's charges. I'm not trying to defend his actions and I agree the sentence seems light, I was just making the observation that "it was very clear he wanted to kill them" seems entirely at odds with what the justice system determined. &gt;As for the death threats, are we considering death threats incidents now? I've recieved dozens of death threats in my lifetime, so I guess the far-left is Ultra Violent and i'm a victim of their extreme violence? Of course not. Death threats are absolutely terrible, but if you're trying to use them to demonstrate the Far-Right's violence that certainly isn't an example I would use. If we constantly use Death Threats as examples we'd be at it all day. Until something happens, it was just a bunch of angry Trump praisers, Pipe-Bomb excluded. I wasn't trying to use threats as examples of violence, I brought the death threats up to make the point that this article &amp; the protection it discusses does not appear to be solely based around the actions of Caesar Sayoc. &gt; It was Joseph Alcoff, Leader of "D.C. Antifa." I've ran across his name repeatedly, but I can't seem to find a source showing that "D.C. Antifa" is an actual thing/group he's involved with. There are mentions that he's involved with "Americans for Financial Reform" and "Smash Racism D.C". but the only references to Alcoff + "D.C. Antifa" seem to be right-wing articles light on details, which link to other right-wing articles light on details, I was unable to find anything close to an original source. It's possible I've missed something, but it seems like "ANTIFA" is being used here as more of a generic or blanket label for left-wing activism, rather than to identify a specific group that calls itself Antifa.
Plastic wrap on English Cucumbers also offers huge increases in shelf life. IIRC, unwrapped lost about amount of moisture over 3 days as wrapped did over a 2 week span.
What's hilarious is that this is actually the *recently improved* version, the previous definition used by the FBI up until the Obama administration literally included the phrase "carnal knowledge of a female"
&gt;Freedom is nationwide in a very generous definition of urban. &gt; There's no province Freedom isn't in. Looking at the coverage map Freedom has towers in just three provinces.... BC Alberta &amp; Ontario. https://www.freedommobile.ca/en-CA/network-and-coverage/coverage They have a roaming-like agreement with other carriers networks (pictured in Yellow), but data is limited and you only get like 5-10% of your normal data cap before roaming fees.
Millions of Canadians live in areas that Freedom doesn't offer their data network. I totally get not covering rural Sask or Manitoba but they don't even cover Montreal yet. There's no coverage in Quebec outside of Gatineau, and nothing in Atlantic Canada at all.
A hard dull edge actually works quite well for ginger, scraping seems to waste less ginger than trying to peel using a knife, and is far less dangerous than trying to use a sharp knife to scrape the ginger.
&gt; Your perception that there weren't issues migrants prior to Trump is misinformed. Meanwhile... what he actually said was: &gt;Obama was dealing with an unprecedented and unexpected surge of unaccompanied minors. &gt;Obama worked to stem the tide at the source. &gt;Obama tried to fulfill his presidential duties while respecting the humanity of the asylum seekers and federal and international law. Interpreting this as "there weren't issues with migrants prior to Trump" is ridiculous.
Look closer, the package on the right has an edge of the cardboard clearly visible with no plastic over it. (right to the left of the Suitable for Home Freezing label)
I still remember that time when a Republican Congressman read a The Onion story about a $8 Billion dollar "Planned Parenthood Abortionplex" and assumed it was real: https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/02/congressman-falls-months-old-onion-story-about-planned-parenthood-abortionplex/332189/ https://www.theonion.com/planned-parenthood-opens-8-billion-abortionplex-1819572640
There are also some who have a view focused very narrowly on actions rather than on desires. If one's definition of "being gay" requires homosexual sex, then based on that narrow definition there would be a choice involved in "being gay".
This school of thought also has some parallels with how some religious groups view the subject, too. The idea that homosexuality / homosexual desire is not by itself a sin, but that choosing to take homosexual actions is a sin.
Because 98% of the world's population does not have a nearby Microcenter willing to sell CPUs at or below wholesale cost in an effort to drive sales of other products.
The tankers attacked fly the flags of Panama and the Marshall Islands, neither of which are members of NATO.
Unfortunately, the Canadian medic wasn't properly marked/identified as medical personnel. Notice the photos in the article, he's the one wearing the nondescript light blue outfit and black backpack, no sign of a red cross, red crescent or any comparable markings.
&gt; Nope, there is such thing as a step too far. For as much as we hear the trump lunatics out there I guarantee there are at least double that number (on the right) who would never go along with that. Manufacture some evidence about a "crisis" of illegals voting for the Dems and plenty on the right will be on board, so long as it allows their side to win. Maybe they'll reuse the "caravans" rhetoric and talk of caravans of illegals going to the polls, and say we need the national guard there as "election monitors" to ensure only Americans are voting.
Bragging about a raise of only $70/month since Obama left? Hell, it's been nearly 2.5 years since then... sound like once we account for inflation he's actually earning less than he was under Obama.
Did you not see the photos? Is the article writer colorblind? Both of the pictures in the article clearly show he was wearing a light **blue** outfit, specifically his scrubs from a hospital halfway across the world, a far cry from proper medic markings in a conflict zone. International law's rules regarding medical personnel in a conflict are clear about the need for visible and universally recognized markings, with mention of the red cross, red crescent, red star of david, etc... Maybe it's just a coincidence, but out of the photo of 7 of them the two who got shot happen to be the ones whose outfits look the least like medics.
I can't imagine they have many of these in the Amazon, I think you'd want to obtain one *before* you go to Brazil?
Also works as a quick fix for various cursor-related glitches and bugs. Cursor icon glitches and becomes a single pixel, a line, a semi-transparent square, etc... just force it to redraw the cursor repeatedly on every mouse movement.
some of us find the ridiculousness, blatant double standards and hypocrisy to be humorous.
The XBO GPU is essentially a cut down 7790/260X (aka R7 260) in terms of specs, but it's built using the older initial GCN1.0 architecture/design/generation same as the 7770/7850 Compared against the 7850, it has 25% less cores/TMUs and only half the ROPs. The PS4 GPU is basically a underclocked 7850 with 10% more cores/TMU, and built using the slightly newer GCN 2.0 architecture from the 7790/260X/290 Compared head-to-head, the PS4 has 50% more cores and 2x more ROPs than the XBO.
haha, even the rabbit is tied to the stake!
It's like comparing Monarchy against Meritocracy. Both can be considered hierarchies, but there's also a very obvious difference in fairness and justice between them.
Another example would be holiday-themed plates, bowls, serving dishes, etc... that are labeled as decorative so that they can use materials, colors, coatings, paints, etc... that either aren't food safe, or aren't durable enough to last through significant actual use. I've seen glass bowls that look like colored glass, but where the color is actually a thin coating on the inside, and starts to scrape off the first or second time you wash them.
I recall seeing this timeline a few times, it shows monument construction year by year over time alongside various historical events, and it seems there's also a detailed report alongside it https://www.splcenter.org/sites/default/files/com_whose_heritage_timeline_print.pdf https://www.splcenter.org/20190201/whose-heritage-public-symbols-confederacy
&gt;Israel has been making Gaza shrink (in territory and population) over time. Gaza's population growth rate is actually rather high, their population has nearly doubled over the past 20 years.
just as a fun example, there's someone in the linked thread attempting to argue that Men's issues can only exist if they happen to impact people in other marginalized groups. &gt; [it is very important to understand that men's issues only exist in the context of intersectional issues and gender non-conformity.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/c289kp/im_a_researcherformer_grad_student_who_just/ermmjv0/) The idea that "Men's issues" only exist when they impact LGBT, non-white people, women, etc... seems pretty extreme for a "Men's Lib" subreddit.
The scores on that specific comment were hidden when I posted it, but the same person also had +100 upvotes for other comments in the same thread, so it doesn't seem a huge stretch to think it might be representative.
Yup, looks like the mods have since removed that particular thread of comments.
I believer all my Powercolor 570s have Samsung memory, sorry What you'll want to do is dump the existing BIOS, and use either SRBPolaris or Polaris Bios Editor to modify the timings. Both have a "1 click mod" that includes Hynix timings.
So basically, the saw needs to also feature lamps that trigger at the same moment as the stop?
&gt; He wasn't accused of rape when he ran and never had been (to my knowledge) Among the various other accusations, his own wife even accused him of rape. Michael Coen is even quoted as defending Trump by falsely claiming that you cannot rape a spouse. Here's a story about it from 2015: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2015/07/28/trumps-lawyer-defended-him-by-saying-you-cant-rape-a-spouse-thats-not-true/ https://news.vice.com/en_us/article/xwmab7/michael-cohen-threatened-a-journalist-and-said-spousal-rape-isnt-real-in-2015 This article even has the audio recording of Coen threatening the journalist: https://www.newsweek.com/michael-cohen-spousal-rape-trump-952269
Did you not even bother to look at any of the links? Newsweek: &gt;Raping your spouse was made illegal in New York City in 1984. Vice: &gt;Cohen also claimed that spousal rape wasn’t even a crime. (It’s been illegal in the state of New York for more than three decades). Washington Post: &gt;policies making the sexual violation of one's spouse illegal — have existed in all 50 states since 1993, according to the National Online Resource Center for Violence Against Women. **New York's was on the books as of 1984** — five years before the alleged encounter described by Hurt's book. It also links to a New York Times article from 1984: http://www.nytimes.com/1984/12/23/weekinreview/new-york-joins-17-states-that-deny-wives-are-property-rape-marriage-no-longer.html
The Android OS is actually open source, kind of the polar opposite of capitalist ideals in a way.
Iran successfully hijacked a US drone a few years back, managed to convince it to land in Iran: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran%E2%80%93U.S._RQ-170_incident
I have a launch day 7950 on the shelf with 1250mhz memory that no longer handles an overclock, spent many years running at 1500mhz and then suddenly it was longer stable with a memory overclock above ~1300mhz. I retired a 390x last year when it started artifacting at 1500mhz mem. runs fine at 1250mhz, so gave it away to a gaming friend. Also have one 470 experiencing similar, suddenly began showing memory errors at anything above ~1820mhz. Hoping it degrades enough to show symptoms at stock before warranty expires, lol The vast majority of cards will be just fine after years of mining, but it's not unusual for 3-5% of AMD GPUs to fail within their warranty period, regardless of what they're used for.
&gt; In 2016, they claimed Israel had a “shoot to kill” policy. But when the Red Cross investigated, they said, “There is no IDF order to shoot suspects to kill”. What's hilarious is the years of evidence that blatantly contradicts a "shoot to kill" policy, like all the news stories about Palestinians wounded after being shot in the legs! (like this thread) Hell, you can even find article after article decrying Israel's alleged "shoot to wound" policy, articles mentioning Israel deploying less lethal small-caliber Ruger sniper rifles, even articles saying that Israel is intentionally crippling soccer players!
No, I'm saying that activists are trying to claim that Israel has a "Shoot to kill" policy despite it contradicting the bulk of available evidence, as well as contradicting the ongoing common claim that Israel has a policy to shoot to wound/maim/cripple. Here's a WHO report with statistics for a year's worth of gunshot wounds: [A breakdown of the 6872 gunshot wounds, reveals that 78.9% were to the lower limbs \(5420\), 8% to the upper limbs \(549\) and 4.2% to the abdomen and pelvis \(286\). The number and proportion of GSWs to the limbs in this cohort \(86.9%\) is extremely high.](http://www.emro.who.int/images/stories/palestine/documents/who_emergency_trauma_response_to_gaza_demonstrations_2018_2019.pdf) Based on their numbers, a whopping 97% of victims survived their gunshot wounds. Seems like the exact opposite of a "Shoot to Kill" policy to me? Some examples of articles decrying Israel for shooting to wound/cripple: https://www.veteranstoday.com/2018/06/09/disabled-for-life-by-israels-shoot-to-cripple-policy/ http://www.latimes.com/world/middleeast/la-fg-gaza-disabled-20180608-htmlstory.html https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/world/wp/2018/04/28/feature/scores-of-palestinians-have-been-shot-in-their-legs-and-some-face-amputation/ https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/is-the-idf-conducting-a-kneecapping-campaign-in-the-west-bank-1.5429695 https://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2017/09/israel-disabling-palestinian-teenagers-170911085127509.html https://www.alternet.org/2014/08/evidence-emerges-israeli-shoot-cripple-policy-occupied-west-bank/ https://www.middleeasteye.net/news/shoot-maim-how-israel-created-generation-crutches-gaza
&gt;If I add a fifth the system won’t boot. Can you describe more about what happens when you try? Preventing the system from booting entirely sounds more like an issue with power connections/cabling/risers than it does an overloaded PSU, since GPUs draw very little power during bootup. &gt;? The core voltage within Afterburner is greyed out, the power limit option is not. You would need to enable voltage monitoring &amp; control in Afterburner's settings. Personally I prefer OverdriveNtool https://forums.guru3d.com/threads/overdriventool-tool-for-amd-gpus.416116/ or AMD Mem Tweak which shares the same basic functionality for undervolting, but also adds timing adjustments https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=5123724.0 &gt;It's a biostar tb250-btc, I don't recall seeing a 4g setting to enable. I know it has a mining mode that I've enabled. Are you using the latest BIOS? When the system boots it shows a diagram of the board and populated slots, does it show the 5th card? have you tried moving around the cards/risers to different PCIE slots to see if the non-functional card stays the same? Last time I used this board I updated to latest BIOS, enabled mining mode, then windows install without any GPUs installed by using the onboard video. Then I connected 6 cards, and the system recognized all six.
&gt; How does that change anything? does that make him less intelligent? No, but it does mean that we should not be using his wealth as a measure of his intelligence, nor his success.
&gt; Most people are born with that one. Actually, more than 70% of Americans manage to make it to age 19 without being infected. Also, age-adjusted rates are on a downward trend, today's 19 year old is less likely to be infected than previous generations of 19 year olds. https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/products/databriefs/db304.htm
It's not too common, but HSV infection in the nerves of the face around the eyes can lead to blindness.
Yup, there seems to be this tendency to overexaggerate HSV1/HSV2 rates in order to make those already infected feel more at ease with it. Kids get told "everybody has it", when in reality among American teens it's like 25% at most and there's huge variability between demographics. Upwards of 75% of the current generation of seniors have either HSV1/HSV2, but that is no guarantee that the same will hold for future generations, as age-adjusted rates have been on a gradual decline for decades. https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/products/databriefs/db304.htm
But that makes very little sense, given that HSV1/HSV2 are each capable of infection at multiple locations.
&gt;You're being a dick for no reason What specifically did I say that was dick-ish? &gt;they're told that because it's true I explicitly said "among American teens it's like 25% at most and there's huge variability between demographics." My link backs this up, with ~27% for HSV-1 and 0.8% for HSV2 in the 14-19 range with rates increasing by age. By age 30, it's still not even a majority of Americans (41.3% + 7.6%) &gt;You're wrong, 70% of under 50 have it, from your own link... You seem to have misread the study, the 40-49 age bracket is the only one that high. It also shows that racial demographics play a huge role as well. Black &amp; hispanic Americans are 1.5x and 2x more likely to have HSV1 than non-hispanic white Americans, and HSV2 is 4.25x more common among black Americans than non-hispanic white Americans.
Yeah, 6 cards on a +1000w PSU is rather typical once tweaked and undervolted. I have 6 GPUs running on that board with Mining mode enabled, but with the "Above 4GB" option disabled. Otherwise, no other changes to BIOS IIRC. I seem to recall some oddness when running a card directly installed in the X16 slot, may want to try all with risers and see if that solves it. overdriventool &amp; AMD mem tweak are great because they reveal all the different clock/voltage states, and memory controller voltage (also acts as a voltage floor for core voltage), instead of just adjusting the top 3d clock/voltage states. It's the most precise way of undervolting, since it's changing the default powerplay tables rather than running a third party app that tries to control clockspeeds/voltage. I'd recommend to start at around 1100mhz core at 900mV for both core &amp; memory controller voltage and see what they can handle. The occasional card might need 920mV, but many RX 570 will handle as low as 850mV
I linked to a study that breaks down infection rates by age range, and which also shows the gradual decline of age-adjusted rates over a 15 year span. Perhaps take a look?
That quote does not appear to be present anywhere in the page I linked. My point was that people tell young people that rates are high based on stats from people 3-4x their age, when in reality the rates among their peers &amp; likely sexual partners are far lower, and have been trending downward over time on an age-adjusted basis. &gt;Age-adjusted prevalence of HSV-1 decreased linearly from 1999–2000 to 2015–2016 for all race and Hispanic-origin subgroups: from 52.4% to 36.9% for non-Hispanic white, 68.4% to 58.8% for non-Hispanic black, and 82.0% to 71.7% for Mexican-American persons Put another way, a non-Hispanic white American in 2015-2016 was ~30% less likely to have HSV1 as someone of equal age was in 1999-2000.
"[To me, they're not even people.](https://www.businessinsider.com/eric-trump-fox-news-rant-against-democrats-donald-trump-2017-6)" -Eric Trump
I'm not arguing that it's not fucked up, just that it's obviously not a "shoot to kill" policy, they appear to be making a conscious effort to avoid killing the people they shoot at. if I recall correctly Israelis describe their policy as something along the lines of "shoot to warn, then shoot to wound". I mean... they literally deploy .22 caliber rifles as "sniper rifles", seems like an obvious attempt to minimize deaths.
&gt;Trump is paying 3x the going rate to **his cronies** that run the detention centres.
&gt; So I assume migrants are being turned away from said embassy before they can apply for asylum. Is that what’s going on, or am I missing something? Nah, they are processing the asylum application..... just slowly. Prior to Trump people were held long enough to began the Asylum process and were then released until their court dates, along with their children. The outrage is because the Trump administration has begun detaining everyone who applies for asylum indefinitely, and is manipulating laws* designed to ensure children were **not mistreated**, but are instead using them as justification to separate children from their parents/guardians and house them separately in inhumane conditions. *Existing law provides limitations on the length of time that children can be detained alongside their parents. The Trump admin wants to detain everyone throughout the asylum process, and is using those time limits as a loophole in order to remove children from their parents and detain everyone separately.
But legally, you can't even begin an asylum claim until you cross the border into US territory.
But there's no need for additional money, since $750/day per child is already being handed to these private companies, yet the companies responsible refuse to spend that money to actually care for this children.
But ports of entry are on US territory
Can they be held/detained until their asylum claim is finished processing? Yes. If they are detained, their children can be separated until the parents asylum claim is approved/denied. It's not technically arrest, nor technically a crime.... but I can't imagine that legal distinction is much comfort to the detainees and their children.
Pay closer attention to this perhaps? &gt;**Bin Ladin Determined To Strike in US** was the title of the President's Daily Brief prepared by the Central Intelligence Agency and given to U.S. President George W. Bush on Monday, August 6, 2001. The brief warned, 36 days before the September 11 attacks, of terrorism threats from Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda, including "patterns of suspicious activity in this country consistent with preparations for a hijacking" of US aircraft https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bin_Ladin_Determined_To_Strike_in_US
&gt; Which is complete bullshit, no payment processor does this. American Express has been doing so for years.
What I find HILARIOUS is the idea that people wanting to stay in the city they were born &amp; raised in is somehow being spun as a "lefty thing".
Here's one: https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/research/2018/10/usa-treatment-of-asylum-seekers-southern-border/ &gt;They told me, ‘you don’t have any rights here, and you don’t have any rights to stay with your son.’ …For me I died at that moment. They ripped my heart out of me. …For me, it would have been better if I had dropped dead. For me, the world ended at that point. …How can a mother not have the right to be with her son?” &gt;Valquiria, a 39-year-old Brazilian asylum-seeker, detained since March 2018, **when US authorities forcibly separated her from her 6-year-old son, after they requested asylum at a port-of-entry in El Paso, Texas**. And several more: &gt;The ACLU documented multiple cases in which asylum-seeking parents were separated from their children after presenting at a Port of Entry to make their initial request for asylum, despite breaking no laws. A Guatemalan woman identified as Ms. M.M.A.L. in an affidavit in the Ms. L. case **presented at the San Ysidro Port of Entry (between Tijuana and San Diego) with her son. They were promptly separated and sent to different facilities.** After a month away from her child, Ms. M.M.A.L. writes, “I worry about [my son] constantly and don’t know when I will see him. We have talked on the phone only once. I was given a number to call, but no one answers the phone.” &gt;Another asylum-seeking father from Kyrgyzstan, who also **presented at the San Ysidro Port of Entry with his son and asked for asylum**, recalls the moment he was informed he was going to be separated from him: “I suffer from high blood pressure and felt as though I was having a heart attack.… I feel like I was in shock and do not remember what happened next or even how I got to the detention center after that. All I can remember is how much my son and I were both crying as they took him away.” &gt;After being released from the police station where she was being held—with the help of a local reporter—she **presented herself at a Port of Entry in El Paso, hoping to be able to find refuge for herself and her 6-month-old son.** After spending an anxious night in a processing center, DHS slapped a GPS ankle bracelet on her and set her free to fight her case. A month later, however, at her ICE check-in, **she was taken into custody and separated from her child, who she was still breast-feeding. She remained in custody for eight months, only able to have contact visits with her baby once every two weeks.** Her child (who was being looked after by Ibarra’s sister) started not recognizing Ibarra as his mother, and was nervous entering the visitation room. https://www.thenation.com/article/ice-is-sending-a-message-to-the-worlds-asylum-seekers-the-us-is-no-place-of-refuge/ and another: &gt;Migrants who arrive at U.S. ports of entry and ask for refuge in the United States are not eligible for bond hearings in front of a judge, but they can be released from detention on parole for humanitarian reasons under a 2009 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) policy. &gt;The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., by the American Civil Liberties Union and the Southern Poverty Law Center, claims that in recent months there has been an “unwritten policy and practice of categorically denying parole to asylum seekers” that violates the government’s “own directive and guidelines.” &gt;According to ICE data cited in the complaint, the New Orleans Field Office - which oversees the five states - granted parole in 76% of cases in 2016, but just 22% in 2017. In 2018, parole was granted in just two of the 130 cases in which ICE made a determination, or less than 2%, the complaint said. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-asylum/more-asylum-seekers-sue-trump-administration-over-prolonged-u-s-detention-idUSKCN1T02PR
Okay, but they're pulling the same scam as Paypal by not refunding the % merchant processing fees on refunded payments. A customer changing their minds minutes after the payment processes but before they leave the store or receive any merchandise should not cost a merchant +2%.
They want to punish the migrants to deter others from making the attempt. From what I've seen, for many modern Republicans morality only seems to apply to people who agree with them. From a logistics standpoint, prominent Republicans &amp; their donors are among those receiving lucrative contracts to detain these people. (I've seen the $750 per child per day figure thrown around) Trump's former Chief of Staff John Kelly is literally on the board of one of the companies involved. One of their other recent moves has been to physically block Asylum-seekers from reaching ports-of-entry, forcing them to either wait indefinitely in Mexico or commit a misdemeanor by crossing the border outside a port-of-entry and then turning themselves in to claim Asylum (which is SUPPOSED to be allowed, based on Asylum law)
I was simply pointing out that this wasn't completely random and without warning, it is entirely possible that more could have been done to prevent it. Likewise with tragedies under Clinton &amp; Obama.
&gt; How many "asylum" seekers have made it to their court dates once released? Here's some figures: &gt;92 percent of individuals who filed asylum claims attended their court hearings between fiscal years 2013 and 2017 &gt;According to DOJ statistics, between 2013 and 2017, 92 percent of asylum seekers appeared in court to receive a final decision on their claims. In FY 2018, 89.4 percent of those who applied for asylum complied with their court hearing obligations. Out of 66,592 final asylum decisions, 7,072 denials were the result of the asylum seeker failing to appear in court. &gt;Asylum seekers released from detention to pursue their claims attend immigration court hearings nearly 100 percent of the time &gt;Government figures made available through the Syracuse University’s Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse (TRAC) asylum decision tracking tool show near 100 percent appearance rates for asylum seekers released from immigration detention. Out of 10,427 decisions in fiscal year 2018 for released asylum seekers, only 160 received removal orders because they missed a court hearing—resulting in a 98.5 percent court hearing compliance rate. https://www.humanrightsfirst.org/sites/default/files/FACT_CHECK_Court_Appearance_Rates.pdf
&gt; "Oh, it's a stick? I can't drive stick". And, just be okay with it. Also weird. If we don't have a willing family member with a stick-shift vehicle, what exactly are we supposed to do about it? I'd be happy to learn, but nobody's ever been willing to give me a chance to attempt, the few people I knew growing up with manuals were far more interested in feeling superior about that fact. Will car rental agencies rent a manual car to someone with absolutely zero experience with a stick-shift?
If one listens to Fox News &amp; the Trump Administration and takes their propaganda at face value, it's quite possible for someone to honestly believe that most asylum seekers skip their hearings. Pence recently gave an interview where he claimed that up to 90% skip their hearings, but it's based on a far more narrow and limited definition and dataset of just a couple thousand in a specific pilot program https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/06/26/how-many-migrants-show-up-immigration-court-hearings/
There was also briefly a "7970XT" which was a clockspeed bump up from the initial 7970, but below the later 7970 GHZ Edition
hah, that undated &amp; unsourced 44% figure from that press release appears to actually be from the exact same DOJ source as the 2013-2017 numbers in my quote: Statistics Yearbook Fiscal Year 2017 https://www.justice.gov/eoir/page/file/1107056/download You can see it in figure 25 on page 33, "FY 2017 Never Detained 44%" with the raw numbers on the following page. Only problem is... it's not actually about asylum cases since the very same graphs &amp; dataset has an explicitly labeled "**ASYLUM CASES**" category a few lines down that clearly states 11% for FY2017, 9% for FY2016, 7% for FY2015, 6% for FY2014, etc... And hey look, that matches what I said in my initial comment! &gt;According to DOJ statistics, between 2013 and 2017, 92 percent of asylum seekers appeared in court to receive a final decision on their claims.
You asked &gt;How many "asylum" seekers have made it to their court dates once released? The data in the paragraph I quoted is DOJ sourced and explicitly about asylum seekers. The 44% figure you provided isn't even about asylum claims, it's for the "never detained" category. Check page 33 for yourself, look at the graphs! https://www.justice.gov/eoir/page/file/1107056/download There's very clearly an ASYLUM category, and it says 11% for FY2017. Fact, direct from original source.
But I thought you were all for facts from the DOJ? As I said in a prior comment: &gt;If one listens to Fox News &amp; the Trump Administration and takes their propaganda at face value, it's quite possible for someone to honestly believe that most asylum seekers skip their hearings. Seems like you took their propaganda at face value, eh? The answer to your question was 11% for Fiscal Year 2017, but you don't want to hear it. &gt;But hey, hope you feel good giving American aid to foreigners instead of Americans, veterans, homeless people, children in need of medical care, etc. I think we should help both!
&gt;You're claiming facts from Justice...yet I also claimed facts directly from Justice Dept. &gt;So if my source is wrong, so is yours 😂 the source data itself is accurate... the press release is just intentionally pointing to the incorrect figure to mislead you. The discussion is about asylum seekers and yet the press release isn't using the figure for asylum. The source data &amp; graph has 4 categories. For FY2017, from [page 33-34](https://www.justice.gov/eoir/page/file/1107056/download): Never Detained 44% Released 41% UAC 49% Asylum 11% Since this discussion was about asylum claims, the relevant 'in absentia' rate is 11%, not 44%
specs-wise, SATA power connectors cannot safely handle the 12v draw of even a single reference PCB design RX 470/480. (the reference design feeds 1/2 the core voltage regulators from the PCI-E slot, so pulls nearly as much via the slot as it does via the 6pin PCIE) 6PIN PCI-E power cable has three wires of 12v. SATA is just a single 12v wire, and split between three very tiny pins.
&gt; And, only do it from a satellite office or embassy, there's thousands of offices available that you can visit locally to your own home country. You have confused Asylum with Refugee status. It is impossible to apply for Asylum at an American embassy, consulate or satellite office outside of the USA. American Asylum law requires being physically present in the United States or at a port-of-entry in order to apply. &gt;To obtain asylum through the affirmative asylum process you must be physically present in the United States. You may apply for asylum status regardless of how you arrived in the United States or your current immigration status. https://www.uscis.gov/humanitarian/refugees-asylum/asylum/obtaining-asylum-united-states &gt;The United States does not grant asylum in its diplomatic premises abroad. Under U.S. law, the United States considers asylum only for aliens who are physically present in the United States https://pl.usembassy.gov/visas/politica-asylum-and-refugees/ &gt;The United States does not grant asylum in its diplomatic premises abroad. Under U.S. law, the United States grants asylum only to aliens who are physically present in the United States. https://it.usembassy.gov/embassy-consulates/rome/sections-offices/dhs/uscis/refugeesasylum/
&gt; the last residential school wasn’t closed until 1996. It's worth mentioning that the final schools to close were either run with substantial involvement of local native tribes, or run directly by the tribes themselves, some for decades before their closure. The worst of the abuses of the residential school system took place 50-140 years ago, by the 80s/90s they were essentially just rural schools.
and by "forcibly", what they mean is that these women were convinced to consent to the procedure while in hospital, and their argument is that consent was obtained while in labour and "particularly vulnerable" and thus should not qualify as informed consent. &gt;The lawsuit cites a woman with the initials M.R.L.P. as the lead plaintiff. It said the Saskatchewan resident was sterilized without proper, informed consent immediately after her second child was delivered by emergency cesarean section in September 2008. &gt;Health professionals suggested she undergo a tubal ligation — a surgical procedure in which a woman's fallopian tubes are blocked, tied or cut — when she was "particularly vulnerable" — in labor and about to undergo emergency surgery. &gt;"Her written consent was sought by health professionals moments before emergency surgery was affirmed, contemporaneously with the administration of opioids, and while she was incapacitated by the pain associated with active labor," the statement of claim said.
Medical professionals obtaining agreement in-hospital and convincing you to sign written consent seems worlds apart from "forcibly sterilized". There was no force involved, and it was done with their knowledge and agreement. It's possible they were mislead or did not understand the full implications, but they were given the option and agreed, it seems to be misrepresenting the situation to describe this as "forcibly sterilized". The way they interchange "convinced" with "forced" seems very misleading.
Are you honestly surprised that someone named I-Love-all-Boobs has ventured into a NSFW thread entitled "How to draw boobies"?
Canadian here. If you'd like to check how long wait times are for procedures, BC has a very comprehensive web tool: https://swt.hlth.gov.bc.ca/ You can search by general area of the body or specific procedure, and you can see results for a particular region, or by hospital, or for a specific specialist. One of the issues with comparing wait times against the USA is that there is no equally comprehensive American data to compare against. The limited data on wait times that does exist isn't directly comparable since it doesn't cover everyone who needs treatment, it only includes people in a coverage &amp; financial situation to consider seeking and moving forward with treatment. This can leave people with the impression that Americans don't have a problem with long wait times, when in reality people in many regions can wait months for GP or specialist appointments, particularly if they are on Medicaid/Medicare. Here's an example of what I mean: https://www.merritthawkins.com/uploadedFiles/MerrittHawkins/Content/Pdf/mha2017waittimesurveyPDF.pdf &gt;At 52.4 days, Boston has the highest average new patient physician appointment wait time of the 15 large metro markets surveyed. &gt;At 48.8 days, Yakima, Washington has the highest average new patient physician appointment wait time of the 15 mid-sized metro markets surveyed. &gt;For large markets, the average wait time to see a family medicine physician is 29 days (up 50% from 2014), and ranges from a high of 109 days in Boston to a low of 8 days in Minneapolis Oh, and here's a nice nugget: &gt;The average rate of physician Medicaid acceptance is 53% in major metro markets and 60% in mid-sized markets. This means even the few average wait time statistics that do exist for US states are inherently skewed, since patients on Medicaid with legitimate need are being turned away solely because of payment method.
&gt; I live in Slovenia (just north of Croatia) and I get approx 150 € deducted from every monthly paycheck and then pay an additional 30 € for additional health insurance also every month. I spoke to about 4 or 5 americans about this and they all stated that they would much rather pay for treatment if anything comes up than pay that much each month. It's common for American families to pay 5-20x that much each month for their health insurance, and even then their plan will often involve deductibles they have to pay before coverage kicks in, or an up-front co-pay, or reimbursement that only covers a certain % of bills, or both.
&gt;What actions of Tyler durdens make him "evil" Soap made from stolen human flesh and sold to unsuspecting customers seems pretty damn evil. &gt;he calls out the system that would have my fellow balding 22 year olds emasculated (body positivity never comes in the form of leading men with hair loss just fat cow women being normalized) and fatness is a choice unlike baldness I find this a bizarre claim given that there has been an abundance of leading men with hair loss in Hollywood for the past few decades, particularly in action movies, which seem about as far from "emasculated" as seems possible. Bruce Willis, The Rock, Jason Statham, Samuel L Jackson, Vin Diesel, etc... If anything, balding men seem considerably more prominent in leading roles than obese women in Hollywood.
&gt; You are producing the shavings by closing it too tightly. That isn't it, at least not entirely. After reading the warnings I tested tightening as little as possible, and with my unit wet q-tips still show grey metallic dust on the base ring and the bowl after being reattached a few times, the more frequently the more the dust. I was using just enough force to attach the bowl so that it doesn't vibrate loose, and still there's dust production. If I can see visible grey powder on a Q-tip after less than a dozen reattachments with minimal force, clearly it's being produced in some quantity every time it's attached. &gt;Either way, working as intended. The whip and filling chamber is not meant for continuous placement while heated. The instructions say this. The machine is not defective as described. Removing the bowl in between each bag fill means screwing and unscrewing it all the more frequently, which inevitably results in even more dust. Also, the manual's update to clean with a wet cloth in between each use doesn't fully solve the problem, since it also cautions against cleaning a warm unit, and cooling the unit down in between each bag fill is ridiculous.
&gt; Only joking, not got any dust on mine, maybe its a location thing. Have you taken wet and dry Q-tips to both rings? I'm puzzled, because mine seems to produce visible grey dust on both the base and the chamber after being connected &amp; disconnected a few times, even with just the bare minimum force needed to keep it from vibrating loose.
&gt; Statistically, 67% of people you’ve kissed have oral HSV1. Once you account for demographics, for many people it'd be more like 25-40%. Rates vary greatly based on age, region, race, socioeconomic status, etc... and people don't generally go about kissing or having sex with a truly representative sample of Americans. The rates among people double your age don't directly impact the odds since they were never in consideration, what matters is rates among ones peers &amp; likely sexual partners.
I don't understand this at all. If you buy a case of coke to split with a friend and tried to charge them $1 per can you'd be a massive asshole. What's the point in splitting bulk purchases with friends if you are going to apply retail-style markup?
What is more rude... expecting that bulk discounted items split between friends to be based on what the items actually cost? or adding a markup based on some arbitrarily chosen retail price?
You've misread, the food was underestimated by 1050 calories on avg. It was the exercise that was overestimated by 250 cal, which is pretty reasonable. The food though... a thousand calories is a ton of oil, more likely to be excess portion sizes all around
Yes, in this particular context the distinction is important. Male &amp; Female is about biological sex, whereas men &amp; women is referring to gender. Trans men are also still technically female, but describing them as such is somewhat misleading.
It's not a microwave, it's a halogen convection oven. There's a fan and circular light bulb/heating element on the top of the round glass bowl
Yes baking soda / powder also changes the pH, which can allow foods to brown more readily. Usually talked about most often with baked goods, but should have a similar effect here too.
You are one of two dissenting replies to the top comment in this thread, which is in the top 50 of /r/all. There's no need to point to coordination to explain this.
It's even a crosspost from /r/AyyMD rather than an actual post in this sub!
It's also worth mentioning that the advice here applies specifically to conversations that you are a part of. In a one party consent state, an audio recording device hidden on your person recording what you hear would be legal, but concealing a recording device in a fixed location that captures conversations you were not party to could be illegal, depending on location.
How about causing flooding? Water damage is super unlikely to injure anyone, but it does cause massive amounts of property damage.
&gt;In no way, just compare the images : As someone unfamiliar with Reblochon, what are the important visual differences we should be seeing? Honestly, other than the slight orange hue to the edges of the rind, both look like what gets sold as Brie here.
Even shipping legally purchased formula to China is still common, people who buy whole pallets worth from Costco and ship it alongside other health &amp; beauty products. Not only does this give them the assurance that the products are genuine &amp; western quality, for some items they may very well save money doing so since Costco's margins are slim and their weekly sales are often close to if not below wholesale cost.
&gt; By the way, you cannot use Vanta Black on satellites (or anything else either). For some reason it is exclusive. The exclusivity for Vantablack has to due with it's use *for art*, it's still available for other non-art purposes.
Really, it also seems quite reasonable that someone could consider the labia themselves as being the defining outer limits of the vagina, given that they are also referred to as vaginal lips.
This is technically correct, in a way. Someone's current fatness really only tells you about their past, proof that at one time they ate far more than necessary. There are many fat people who aren't currently eating more than thinner people, they are just still carrying the excess fat from years of prior excessive eating.
&gt; African tribe women with 1 or 2 kids aren't breastfeeding more than your usual western woman. It's quite likely they are, tbh. In a community without formula and processed baby foods, breast milk is inevitably going to be more heavily relied upon.
because in typical usage, "boys" seems to be somewhat more age-specific than "girls"?
But we Canadians use the same American definition. Hence the confusion, she works for a party whose chief rivals are literally the "Liberal Party".
Perhaps not, but there are lots of fat people who are maintaining or losing weight and whose food intake is comparable to their thinner counterparts, but at a glance there's no real way to tell if their extra fat stems from current excess or historical excess.
I agree, but my whole point was one of past vs present tense, that we can't assume their **current** eating habits are excessive just because someone still carries the weight from historical excess.
Yes, but that process can take quite a long time at such a small deficit. If someone who already has say 50lbs of surplus bodyfat eats what would be suitable for them without those excess 50lbs it will literally take years for them to lose the excess fat.
You are thinking of Gen X, Gen Z are the latest generation of teens &amp; young adults
&gt; I think that Canadians are paying more through taxes and out of pocket for insurance than Americans All included, total health spending per Canadian is ~40% less than total health spending per American. That's adding up the portion of one's taxes spent on healthcare, employer &amp; employee contributions to insurance, deductibles, co-pays, any out-of-pocket spending, etc.... Americans pay a comparable amount in taxes for health as Canadians, they just get a hell of a lot less for their $.
If this stainless steel insert ring just sits on top of the existing aluminium ring, how do we prevent aluminium dust buildup where the existing aluminium ring makes contact with the new stainless ring? I mean, the current issue is metal abrasion from tightening on the chamber. Changing the chamber metal and sandwiching a stainless ring in between may not solve the problem if the insert ring is capable of rotating in place, all it does is shift the abrasion point and aluminium dust in between the two rings.
There were German-Americans interned during WW2 as well, just more selectively and on a considerably smaller scale than Japanese-Americans. &gt;[A total of 11,507 people of German ancestry were interned during the war, comprising 36.1% of the total internments under the US Justice Department's Enemy Alien Control Program.\[29\] By contrast, an estimated 110,000–120,000 Japanese-Americans were forcibly relocated from the West Coast and incarcerated in internment camps run by the US War Department's War Relocation Authority ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internment_of_German_Americans#World_War_II)
No, the same camps were also used to intern US citizens of German descent: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystal_City_Internment_Camp#German_and_Japanese_Americans &gt;[After the outbreak of World War II, it was turned over to the Department of Justice and expanded to make room for U.S. civilians of Japanese and German descent \(mostly non-citizen residents who were arrested on suspicion of fifth column activity, despite a lack of supporting evidence or access to due process\).\[3\] The Japanese American internees were relocated to other camps shortly after their arrival in 1942, leaving Fort Lincoln with a population of German prisoners of war and German American internees until February 1945. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Lincoln_Internment_Camp . &gt;The camp also held Japanese, German and Italian American civilians who were arrested at the outbreak of the war under a program called "Alien Enemy Control." Many of these internees were incarcerated without legal process. Official government documents made available in the late 1990s indicate that over 25,000 "alien enemies" were held at various locations throughout the United States. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camp_Forrest
Oh... I took the reference to 'African tribe women' to mean women living in traditional African tribal communities, not just general impoverished people in developing nations eating processed foods. My mind went to the stereotypical Nat Geo style photos of African tribe women living a somewhat traditional lifestyle, where things like extended breastfeeding and wet nursing are considerably more commonplace than for women in most modern communities.
Have any victims been identified yet? Or any indication that what she was talking about actually happened? Lying about having a criminal past to enhance their image has been a staple of hiphop for decades, I don't see why people are suddenly taking it at face value now.
What, are we using the one drop rule again?
What exactly is objectionable about a HIV/AIDS charity fundraising trip to Africa? A whopping half Clinton's flights on Epstein's plane were part of a single multi-stop trip to Africa along with several other celebrities as part of an HIV/AIDS awareness &amp; fundraising campaign, and includes each individual stop as a different "flight", even refuelling stops.
Ehh, there kind of is? many controlled studies on metabolism and fat loss do show a few outliers, people who genuinely do have a particular advantage that can be reasonably described as "naturally skinny". For an example, people whose RMR/NEAT increase more than average in response to caloric surplus, and gain less fat than predicted or measured in other subjects. Or the inverse, people whose RMR/NEAT decrease more than average when in caloric deficit, and lose less fat than predicted.
Sure, but when someone's body is inherently more resistant to excess fat gain in the face of surplus than 90-95% of society it seems entirely reasonable to describe them as "naturally skinny". I'm just trying to make sure that the pushback against fatlogic does not go too far and stray right back into fatlogic again. A small number of people genuinely do have it easier or harder than others. I recall reading an overfeeding study where a couple of the subjects somehow RMR/NEAT'ed away like 30-40% of the fat they should have gained based on the surplus they were on. (surplus above maintenance measured using respirometry)
NEAT is by definition **not** exercise, that's literally the defining characteristic. I'm talking about the body's inherent unconscious responses to caloric surplus &amp; deficit, and individuals whose unconcious responses are outside the norm. "X is naturally skinny because when they eat at surplus their body responds by unconsciously raising heart rate, temp, fidgeting, etc... away 30-40% of the excess calories"
My god, when they met she was nearly as old as the age gap itself!
He claims to have started complaining as soon as the guy boarded, at which point they are still at ground level and the cabin unpressurized. He also mentions getting used to it as the flight progressed.
sexists sexually self selecting?
I think he's being downvoted by both sides, and I believe this aspect of the first sentence is contributing &gt; an under-current of ***understandably frustrated*** conservatives and right-leaning redditors at first glance it seemed to paint the rest in a overly sympathetic light, which after reading closer doesn't appear to be the intent here at all.
It's kind of unfortunate that stuff with a funny/weird/bizarre plot is pretty much the only stuff that actually makes an effort to have any plot at all these days.
Because at the time it was written, there were already some mandatory Militia participation laws on the books at the colony/state level. Militias used to be somewhat official and organized, very different from our modern interpretation of militias. The 2nd amendment essentially allowed individuals the means to meet their existing legal obligations to their state, to participate in their official local militia as legally required.
&gt; That’s like saying a woman should be held accountable for rape if they were dressing sleezy. &gt; &gt; The rapist and hackers are responsible for crimes. Not the company or woman This data was unsecured and entirely open to the public. The hacker requested and was voluntarily given the data. This is more like a naked woman who gives consent to every single request for sex, trying to complain afterwards that a particular person took them up on their offer, despite not bothering to make any effort to identify the people asking.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremiah_Wright_controversy
I helped someone with a virus that pretends to be an uncloseable "out of memory" error message recently. Was sort of a weird conversation, agreeing that he has plenty of RAM and trying to explain that the "error message" was actually lying.
"Canadians" is racist restaurant-workers slang for black people, based on stereotypes about black people and Canadian tourists not tipping enough.
Seems like I've seen it mentioned online for at least 15 yrs but unsure quite how far back it goes. As a Canadian, it was puzzling at first... I took it at face value and was wondering how these servers were playing "Spot the Canadian". Then I saw it used alongside what seemed like dog whistles, and realized this was far more than just the usual cross-border rivalry.
Just having "some kind of ID" isn't enough for the kind of strict Voter ID laws that Republicans want to implement. If you demand that photo ID be un-expired and issued within the past 4 years that knocks out a few % of Americans. Demand that your photo ID feature your current address, rules out another couple % Demand that the name on your photo ID *precisely* matches your voter registration records? another couple % Common innocuous examples would be women with married/maiden name inconsistencies, or inconsistent recording of names that include Junior or Senior, where it's listed as Jr. in one place but written out as Junior in another, or it's just Jr without the period so it doesn't *precisely* match. These issues can be worked around, but they would have disenfranchised voters had the Supreme Court allowed Texas to implement their Voter ID law as written.
2 cups of heavy cream, 4tbsp of butter, and salt = "unseasoned grits"
They've added salt and literally thousands of calories worth of butter and cream to improve the flavor, I can't see that reasonably described as "unseasoned grits"
I agree the amount of cream/butter seems overkill, and there's definitely room for more herbs or spices in the grits... but at the same time, I can totally see simple creamy grits going well with the spiced shrimp &amp; sauteed shallots served on top. A bit more liquid alongside the lemon juice to deglaze the pan better would help as well.
Paintball masks may not even be sufficient, since these aren't regular paintballs at all. Paintballs are made of wax + paint, and are soft and biodegradable. Meanwhile, the police are firing "paintballs" that are actually bullet shaped plastic projectiles half-filled with metal to increase their mass. https://www.reddit.com/r/whatisthisthing/comments/gu2ir8/paint_simunition_shot_at_us_during_a_protest/ Looking at the specs, at 8.5 grams these are 2.5x the legal maximum weight for a "Paintball" for recreational use, and for which paintball masks are rated against. I'd bet money they aren't limiting themselves to the same 300FPS limits either.
They are even firing First Strike shells filled with metal, that weigh 2.5x more than regular paintballs: https://www.reddit.com/r/whatisthisthing/comments/gu2ir8/paint_simunition_shot_at_us_during_a_protest/
&gt; Impossible to implement under our system of government; the federal government lacks the authority. How about using the purse strings, as was done with the minimum age to purchase alcohol? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Minimum_Drinking_Age_Act States could either comply with federal standards for officers education and training, or lose a portion of federal funding.
The Oakland police put out a statement that "At this time, it appears the shooting is unrelated to tonight's demonstration”
Some PSU manufacturers have made progress, others have stagnated or even gotten worse. EVGA's most recent G series offerings are actually significantly worse than the EVGA G2 they were selling from 2013-2018.
Because in many cases, the curfew &amp; lockdown orders have explicit exemptions for members of the press, just as they do for members of law enforcement.
Yeah, seems rather misleading to be including BMI obese models with low bodyfat % and not accurately representing the differences. A BMI of 30 with 12% bodyfat is ridiculously muscular, and 30 BMI at 24% bodyfat would involve something like 20lbs less lean mass, yet the images have the same overall body shape.
Not all, there are a number of police forces that train officers to consider shooting to wound instead of shooting to kill: Here's Sweden (via google translate) &gt;If the police shoot at a person, they should strive to harm the person only for the moment. The shots should primarily be aimed at the legs, but if circumstances require, the police may shoot directly at the torso - for example, if the threatening person is close in the distance and the attack goes fast. https://polisen.se/om-polisen/polisens-arbete/polisens-befogenheter/polisens-ratt-att-anvanda-skjutvapen/ Language barriers make finding direct sources a pain, but various news articles seem to describe similar policy in the Netherlands, Spain, Denmark, etc...
A lone gunshot or explosion, followed by a full 10 seconds of cops screaming shots fired and then a barrage of gunfire in response. Shame we can't really see anything, but it does establish the timeline pretty well.
Here's a video that doesn't really show anything, but you can hear the whole thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlFPJE-tdog There's an explosion or gunshot, cops screaming shots fired and then ten seconds later a barrage of gunfire in response.
&gt;I can’t really point to a source to prove a negative but there is no special privilege granted to journalists. They have to follow the same orders as everone else during civil unrest - just traditional courtesy. This isn't true, particularly not in the context of this current crisis, as many of the recent curfew orders being issued include explicit exemptions for journalists: Here's the one for Minnesota: &gt;Exemptions. &gt;All law enforcement, fire, medical personnel, **and members of the news media**, as well as other personnel authorized by the City of Minneapolis, City of Saint Paul, Minnesota Department of Public Safety, Minnesota State Patrol, or Minnesota National Guard, are exempt from the curfew. Individuals traveling directly to and from work, seeking emergency care, fleeing dangerous circumstances, or experiencing homelessness are also exempt. &gt;https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Documents/eo-20-69.pdf and here's NYC's current curfew order: &gt;This Order shall not apply to police officers, peace officers, firefighters, first responders and emergency medical technicians, **individuals travelling to and from essential work and performing essential work**, people experiencing homelessness and without access to a viable shelter, and individuals seeking medical treatment or medical supplies. **“Essential work” is work performed by essential businesses or entities as defined or permitted by the Empire State Development Corporation.** &gt;https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/home/downloads/pdf/executive-orders/2020/eeo-117.pdf "News Media" is included as "Essential Work" here: https://esd.ny.gov/guidance-executive-order-2026
No, they weren't. The police began firing tear gas and beating protesters &amp; journalists 25-30 minutes before curfew began. Watch the Australian news broadcast, they mention the number of minutes before the curfew begins on multiple occasions. The police assaulting the Australian cameraman &amp; reporter occurs ~28 minutes before the curfew began. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkf-znzWKRc It's also worth mentioning that "news media" literally have an exemption to the curfew.
I've never seen international journalists &amp; cameramen in America being beaten by police during a live broadcast before, can you point to any examples? You can literally see them bash the camera as it's filming!
They were literally assaulting people 30 minutes BEFORE the curfew comes into effect, there is zero legal justification for that whatsoever. There was also no verbal warning given before the police advanced into the crowd. &gt;Not for Trump. Trump scheduled around the Mayor's curfew. Trump spoke before the curfew began. Hell, the assaulted Australian journalists literally aren't subject to curfew at all, at least according to the official legal orders that these troops are supposed to be enforcing.
&gt;however it is naive to think that there was no notice given to protesters at any time these incidents occurred. we have it all on camera complete with audio, there is no sign of any notice given. &gt;Then, these reporters are all screaming "i'm media" or "press" like it is some magic barrier that means they don't have to follow the same rules. But they don't have to follow the same rules, since the media &amp; press have an explicit exemption from the curfew. &gt; What IS concerning is media arrests for curfew violations when they were specifically exempted from curfew restrictions. Not only does the media have a specific exemption to the curfew, the attacks on protesters &amp; journalists last night began nearly 30 minutes before the curfew even came into effect. Shortly after the Australian news crew are assaulted, you can hear them mention on camera "It's now 26 minutes until the curfew comes into effect" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkf-znzWKRc
Oh, I'm talking about the incident this thread is about, the assaulted Australian journalists in DC moments before Trump's speech. The video I linked of the incident was literally filmed on the street in front of the Whitehouse, you can even see the Whitehouse at several points. &gt;Also both areas are DEMOCRAT controlled with democrat mayors calling the shots. The president has no direct authority over local law enforcement. No, in the video you can see gear that says "Military Police", and they were clearing the street just before Trump traveled to the Church. I've seen a number of stories mention that this was National Guard, and in DC the National Guard is under federal control.
&gt;But aren’t they found as a group to commit higher percentages of crime? I read somewhere that blacks commit something like 50% of the homicides and that black on black crime was significantly higher than white on black crime. It's worth mentioning that the data we have is based on arrests &amp; convictions, not on crimes actually committed. This means it's skewed by racial bias in policing, with a greater likelihood of being stopped, searched and arrested resulting in statistics that show more crime, regardless of how much crime is actually being committed.
Yeah, looks like someone's secretly using a blowtorch!
hmmm... I wonder if the nwordcountbot has an exception for that?
7970 / 280x are nowhere near a 1060, at stock clocks there's something like a 40-50% gaming performance difference. this has recent benchmarks for a whole slew of new and older cards, including the 7970, 1050ti, 960 and 1060 https://www.techspot.com/article/2007-buying-guide-used-graphics-cards/ Seems like the 7970 &amp; 1050ti are rather evenly matched at medium settings, but the 1050ti performs 20% better than the 7970 and 960 on high. &gt;Considering that Userbenchmark fucking loathes AMD, even in GPU, the fact they have the 7970 as 27% faster than the 1050ti and 43% over the 1050 in their BS "effective speed" should show a bit. Looks like the problem is that they have no actual game FPS benchmarks for the 7970, just synthetics where the 7970's abundance of raw compute performance and memory bandwidth dominate, but which never fully translated into gaming performance. They do have a listing for it's twin the 280X with gaming benchmarks, and the 1050ti comes out at 14% faster overall FPS https://gpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare/Nvidia-GTX-1050-Ti-vs-AMD-R9-280X/3649vs2192
These days the 7970/280X actually runs circles around the 750ti The techspot benchmarks I linked show the 7970 +60% faster than 750Ti and +20% ahead of RX460
I have one here that looks exactly like that, it's just a fold flat mask and he hasn't bothered to unfold it before putting it on. 3M Aura 9210+ NIOSH N95 https://www.3m.com/3M/en_US/company-us/all-3m-products/~/3M-Aura-Particulate-Respirator-9210-37192-N95-240-ea-Case/?N=5002385+3291508380&amp;rt=rud
Gotcha. I've been getting rid of old cards recently, so I've done lots of comparing to see how they stack up against more modern cards. The fact that a 280x outperforms new RX 560 &amp; 1050 selling for $100-130 makes for a solid selling point.
Obama continuing it does not change the fact that you were mistaken or lying when you said it came courtesy of the Obama/Biden administration.
I bought some cans of refried beans recently, and didn't think to read the ingredients at the time. Opened a can and wondered why the consistency seemed odd while cold, turns out it included quite a bit of Lard.
If I had to guess, it probably blends better with more volume of cashews? Blenders often don't do as good of a job when only filled 1/8th of the way, I've found myself extending recipes at times just to ensure that they blend properly and give consistent results.
Nobody actually cares about the little metal badge itself, we just want individual officers to be identifiable. Thickness of armor is irrelevant, all it takes is some velcro on the front &amp; back of their gear and patches with their badge number, the particular force they work for, etc...
I know it's something I've seen done before for certain law enforcement agencies, it just seems super uncommon for police... to the point where I've not seen any examples from recent incidents. I don't understand why it's acceptable for riot police to be unidentifiable. I don't understand why it's not mandatory to have ID numbers prominently displayed on your front, back, on your helmet, etc... No ID numbers? No body cam? You shouldn't have legal authority to detain someone.
I was being a bit hyperbolic, my apologies. I have seen badges... they just aren't particularly useful to identify an officer except when extremely close. Blue letters on dark grey looks really stylish, but it's also not very legible, particularly not at that size. I was thinking of something of comparable visibility to the POLICE patches they wear, something that can be seen and read from a distance, or at night, or from pictures &amp; video footage. Out of the 15 officers pictured in the foreground of those photos, only four are really identifiable in the photos. That 4th photo is good, high contrast text clearly visible &amp; matching his helmet.
But these officers weren't enforcing the law, since the curfew had an exemption for people voting. Likewise, many curfew orders have an explicit exemption for the press. There is a massive problem when people are harassed, arrested or fired upon while obeying official curfew orders.
While it's not what is being used in this video, police have been using 40mm rounds that can reasonably be described as half-fist sized. I've seen a number of protesters post photos of rounds like these: https://www.reddit.com/r/Louisville/comments/gt7pb5/40mm_what_hit_me_tonight_sitting_down_posing_no/ https://www.defense-technology.com/products/impact-munitions/40-mm-munitions/exact-impact/exact-impact-le-40-mm-extended-range-sponge-round-1093450.html https://www.defense-technology.com/products/impact-munitions/40-mm-munitions/direct-impact-40-mm-oc-crushable-foam-round-1012834.html
You were firing fragile balls of liquid paint with a wax shell, the police are firing either solid balls of pepperspray powder, or paintball sized plastic rounds filled with pepper powder, along with tiny metal balls for added mass. (bismuth instead of lead, so it's "non-toxic") These things have +2.5x the mass of paintballs: https://fnamerica.com/products/less-lethal/projectiles/
I know, I started by saying that it's not what is being used in this video. Those 40mm rounds are used with something more like a grenade launcher, I'm just saying that there actually are nearly fist sized rounds being launched at people, some of which are made of synthetic rubber. This is likely 68 caliber, and we can see it has a paintball style hopper on top so it's [round pepperballs](https://www.pepperball.com/product_cat/projectiles/), rather than [fancy shaped 68 caliber rounds like these](https://fnamerica.com/products/less-lethal/projectiles/) that use magazines.
Yup, this video is a pepperball style round, as the FN projectiles I linked aren't spherical so they don't work in a vertical feed paintball hopper like the one we can see in the video.
Agreed, the video shows a vertical feed hopper which means it has to be round balls like pepperball. I was just linking the FN rounds as an example as the kind of brutal shit being fired out of "paintball" guns. I mean, here's a quote from their advertisements: &gt;The primary effect of the projectile is trauma, which directly neutralizes the aggressor. Secondary effects from the projectiles can be delivered via a chemical payload depending on mission requirements.
&gt; Most people I talk to have no idea what it is--but upon learning they, they don't like it. Depends on what language is used to describe it, and what the examples are. Many have never heard the words "Civil asset forfeiture" but are aware and supportive of cops seizing vehicles and assets from criminals, thugs, drug dealers, gangsters, etc...
and the "paintball guns" can be shooting plastic rounds filled with pepper or CS gas along with tiny metal balls for added mass and trauma. Or as the manufacturer puts it: &gt;[The primary effect of the projectile is trauma, which directly neutralizes the aggressor. Secondary effects from the projectiles can be delivered via a chemical payload depending on mission requirements.](https://fnamerica.com/products/less-lethal/projectiles/)
I don't think they are as common as the round pepper or CS balls, I've just seen a couple photos from protesters who've found intact FN303 rounds and a few mentions on reddit since this began. I was intrigued since I've seen the first strike paintballs before, but had no idea you could get metal filled ones designed for extra trauma. Oh and apparently the cops killed a woman using them back in 2004. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Victoria_Snelgrove
They are using all sorts of those rounds, I've seen photos of at least 3 other models of those 40mm rounds recovered by protestors.
I'm not vegan so it wasn't a huge deal, I just wasn't expecting the refried beans to be quite that high fat, and I'd prefer vegetable oil instead of Mexican lard unless it's something where lard will make a big difference in the outcome.
And he complains about *other people* pushing a narrative? Ridiculous.
He was on duty, but the building was several blocks away from the protest, and as you said it was a drive-by. Also, the Oakland police put out a tweet stating: "At this time, it appears the shooting is unrelated to tonight's demonstration”
&gt; When was their property seized? &gt; &gt; This argument is baffling coming of months of lock-down where people were banned from running their shops. . &gt;If the government appropriates the church, i would agree entirely, but this is just a street block being blocked off while riots are a threat. When Trump and associated troops violently forced priests off of church grounds, and then made use of Church property for a photo op? I've seen zero sign that Trump was actually invited by this Church.
Putting something on, usually a reference to clothing. Perhaps the most familiar usage would be the Christmas carol Deck the Halls, which has a line that includes "don we now our gay apparel"
&gt;UUS Parks Police did not use tear gas, which is the unofficial name for CS gas. &gt;Instead they used the pepper spray equivalent of CS gas, known as OC gas. This article also includes photos of rounds labeled "Spede Heat CS" https://twitter.com/NathanBacaTV/status/1268572204695990276 https://www.defense-technology.com/products/chemical-agent-devices/chemical-projectiles/pyrotechnic/40-mm-projectiles/spede-heat-40-mm-long-range-round-cs-1011892.html &gt;The Spede-Heat™ CS Long-Range Munitions is designed to deliver one chemical canister of CS agent from a 40 mm launcher down range up to 150 yards to the intended target zone. The Spede-Heat™ is a pyrotechnic round designed specifically for outdoor use in crowd control situations with a high volume continuous burn that expels its payload in approximately 20-40 seconds from a single source. The Spede-Heat™ family may be used to conceal tactical movement or to route a crowd.
Pretty good, except for the fact that the manufacturer literally calls them canisters: &gt;The Spede-Heat™ CS Long-Range Munitions is designed to deliver **one chemical canister of CS agent** from a 40 mm launcher down range up to 150 yards to the intended target zone. The Spede-Heat™ is a pyrotechnic round designed specifically for outdoor use in crowd control situations with a high volume continuous burn that expels its payload in approximately 20-40 seconds from a single source. The Spede-Heat™ family may be used to conceal tactical movement or to route a crowd. https://www.defense-technology.com/products/chemical-agent-devices/chemical-projectiles/pyrotechnic/40-mm-projectiles/spede-heat-40-mm-long-range-round-cs-1011892.html
Why is it that the only people I ever see using the word collusion are on the right and trying to brush this off? The Special Counsel was never tasked with looking for collusion, it was looking for Russian interference and any links to individuals associated with the Trump campaign: "[Investigate Russian Interference With The 2016 Presidential Election And Related Matters](https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/967231/download)" More specifically: "[any links and/or coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the campaign of President Donald Trump](https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/967231/download)" The Mueller report includes hundreds of pages of evidence of exactly what they were tasked with finding.
"[Investigate Russian Interference With The 2016 Presidential Election And Related Matters](https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/967231/download)" More specifically: "[any links and/or coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the campaign of President Donald Trump](https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/967231/download)" The Mueller report is full of evidence of exactly what it was looking for.
They used both. The most widely spread photo is of an OC canister, but the article also includes this photo which shows that both OC and Spede-Heat CS canisters were found at the scene: https://twitter.com/NathanBacaTV/status/1268572204695990276 OC is natural Oleoresin Capsicum aka 'pepper spray' The CS canister on the other hand is actual full blown 'tear gas' (synthetic 2-chlorobenzalmalononitrile) with zero room for ambiguity.
They also used CS gas as well, this photo shows both types of canisters found at the scene: https://twitter.com/NathanBacaTV/status/1268572204695990276
Years later I still remember one time I found tons of blocks of fancy 3yr aged cheddar the day before their "expiration", marked down to 49 cents a package for like 200-300g. Ended up getting dozens, lasted me maybe 6 months even after giving a bunch away to friends.
Perhaps it's the fact that he's calling for people to hung, some of whom haven't committed any crimes? The guy above whose calling for death sentences is probably fine, since that's via the legal system... but Reddit has rules against advocating for violence.
I know the enforcement isn't particularly good when there's ambiguity, but given what he's saying it's not at all surprising that OP has been banned before.
I've never noticed this before, perhaps because whenever I mix coconut milk and citrus I'm also blending it?
Yellow varieties of guava do exist, I often see them imported fresh or canned, although pink guava seems to be far more common for guava juice.
Guava juice is often made from pink guava, and is naturally a deep pink color similar to that passionfruit tea. I think yellow is more common in Mexico, whereas pink is more common in South America.
Use of smoke alone could be for the "shock and awe" effect, since burning rounds fired out of a grenade launcher into a crowd by an advancing line of troops are rather terrifying regardless of what's actually in the smoke.
&gt; resignation is a pretty permanent statement This isn't really a resignation though as they are still employed, they just opted out from a specific response team.
The only people I see defending police unions seems to be right-wing people trying to use it as a gotcha against the left, as if we can't oppose police unions covering up brutality just because we support unions more generally.
Perhaps try to find one that includes a statement by a politician or government official about this case, or one that advocates for changes in policy? The mods are trying to walk a fine line with their "Articles must deal explicitly with US politics." rule, they don't seem willing to accept that every single police brutality incident is essentially political at this point, and it seems hit or miss what stays.
"Pepper rounds" used by police include the FN303 which are actually shaped plastic rounds 50% filled with tiny metal balls of bismuth, for extra trauma. (2.5x the legal maximum mass for "paintballs") But don't take my word for it, here's the manufacturers: &gt;[The primary effect of the projectile is trauma, which directly neutralizes the aggressor. Secondary effects from the projectiles can be delivered via a chemical payload depending on mission requirements.](https://fnamerica.com/products/less-lethal/projectiles/) Cops used them to kill a woman back in 2004.
Also, some of the "paintball rounds" they are firing include FN303, which are shaped plastic rounds 50% filled with tiny metal balls of bismuth, for extra trauma. (2.5x the legal maximum mass for "paintballs") &gt;[The primary effect of the projectile is trauma, which directly neutralizes the aggressor. Secondary effects from the projectiles can be delivered via a chemical payload depending on mission requirements.](https://fnamerica.com/products/less-lethal/projectiles/)
If we were firing the same type of "paintballs" cops get to use we would be immediately arrested: &gt;[The primary effect of the projectile is trauma, which directly neutralizes the aggressor. Secondary effects from the projectiles can be delivered via a chemical payload depending on mission requirements.](https://fnamerica.com/products/less-lethal/projectiles/)
I don't think there are any *legal* reasons for non-law enforcement to be firing these. They are literally plastic rounds half filled with tiny metal balls for added trauma. The manufacturer restricts sale to law enforcement &amp; the military, and legally they don't even qualify as paintballs as they exceed the maximum allowable mass by 2.5x Paintball masks aren't rated for their impact, either.
&gt;You can't dissolve a union or prevent them from lobbying Weird, Reagan seemed to be able to do so back in the 1980s. The Air Traffic Controllers Union was decertified, +11,000 members were fired and banned from future government work
Sounds like you should write an anonymous letter detailing this to his superiors, so that at the very least there's some background if he ever does anything that warrants investigation.
The big problem here is that police are quick to escalate things, and to go physical. Why was the wife who was driving detained and handcuffed by force over expired registration? All of the alleged crimes seem to be for the couples behavior after the attempt to detain her. They mention accusations of "obstructing justice" against her, but they ultimately seem to have accepted their explanation and released her without charges at the scene by a supervisor. Sounds like the initial attempted detention of his wife was unwarranted, and his crimes of "resisting arrest" and "unlawful assault of an officer" occurred as a result of this inappropriate use of force against his wife. We'll need to wait until the videos are released to find out more.
Watch the video, it's a full force overhand swing with a metal baton connecting with an unarmed person's head, you can literally hear the impact as it's caught on video. https://twitter.com/Peopledelphia/status/1267588991655784448?s=20
I was watching footage of one of last night's protests, DC I believe it was, and I was quite surprised to see nearly everyone wearing masks. Of the 50 or so people pictured in the video frame, at least 80% seemed to be wearing masks, and a good chunk of those not wearing them had them around their necks.
Not immediately, it took 9 days before any of the cops were taken into custody, and that's only because the killers surrendered themselves 2 days early. Anyone but a cop would have been in jail immediately, if the killers had been detained the day the video came out there wouldn't be nationwide protests. Instead the cops decided to ramp up the brutality on peaceful crowds of protesters and even journalists all while turning a blind eye to looting and arson and literally abandoned their own police precinct to chaos as half the police force guards the killer at his home instead of doing their jobs.
becausetheresgonnabesomepoisongas.theresgonnabereallypoisongas.everybodysgonnabedeadespeciallyme!
I don't think it was done for the right reasons, I just think it worthwhile to point out that it actually has been done. There's also the whole hypocrisy angle, where the people most vigorously defending Police unions share a political identity which often includes an almost saintlike view of Reagan, along with opposition to unionization more generally.
&gt; People use ordinary objects to MAKE explosives with other ingredients. You make a good point for me actually, why not use a brick then? Why a candle? Exactly, if they wanted to use a brick they could have. But perhaps you can use a candle specifically to make something similar to an explosive. But nobody actually made an "explosive" here, the photos just show a broken wax candle and it's broken glass jar. A candle-in-a-jar from is not an IED, and calling it such is propaganda. There's probably dozens of stores in town that sell something just like it. &gt;You make a good point for me actually, why not use a brick then? Why a candle? Because there's no good reason to bring a brick to a protest, whereas bringing a wind resistant candle to a protest that might extend to after dark is entirely reasonable. Plenty of protests, vigils, memorials, etc... include people holding candles. Hell, why should we even believe their claim that this was thrown? For all we know this fell and smashed when the police broke up the crowd of protesters.
Or if we must include some confederate leaders as statues, let's have some added context. Instead of a statue of a Confederate leader proudly sitting on his horse, make one where he's being dragged off his horse by a group of union soldiers and newly freed slaves, using the chains of their oppression?
&gt; I’ve been wondering for some time now, why did George Floyd’s death result in such an outpouring compared to all the other innocent black people killed? It's sort of a... straw that broke the camel's back situation. Between the Arbery shooting at the hands of posse including a racist former cop and the killing of Breonna Taylor we have a rather steady buildup in outrage, which combined with the slow motion and blatant killing of George Floyd caught on video lead to a sort of perfect storm of outrage. That, and the high unemployment &amp; underemployment due to COVID makes attending protests far more viable for far more people than it would be under typical circumstances.
It was arguably true for certain generations, but this is no guarantee that we will see the same pattern with following generations. It's also worth noting that the common quote to the effect of "if your not a liberal at 20 you have no heart, if your not a conservative at age 30 you have no brain" actually dates back to the days of French Monarchy, where the young, idealistic and heartfelt positions we're all supposed to discard as we age was the demand for liberty and a democratic Republic, with the more sensible and adult conservative position being an outright Monarchy.
What's the benefit to including a x16 slot limited to 8 lanes versus this *open-ended* x8 slot that still accepts a full sized x16 card?
Seems easy to negate the potential impact, just count only a single vote for a particular registered voter.
Gotcha, I wasn't sure if there might be some sort of non-physical difference on the software/hardware side.
Hah, the quote's even from the Police Chief!
&gt; I have only gone through the first few and the "reporter" who was blinded in her left eye is not a reporter, but describes herself as a writer. If that is enough to be a reporter, I could be a reporter for the writing I do in my career. She describes herself as a writer &amp; freelance photographer, and she's apparently written articles in major newspapers. Perhaps 'reporter' isn't precisely accurate, but at the very least she seems to qualify as a journalist or press.
On one of the exterior videos I noticed what seems to be an initial shot that impacts the sidewalk out front, which seems to be what triggers the crowd to flee.
In case you didn't notice, this is actually the same user you were arguing with 5 days ago. That post is literally literally in his inbox.
The difference is that it's not like he's randomly digging through your profile for dirt, instead he actually remembers you from your similar discussion with him last week, and the link he posted is actually your reply *to him*. "How dare he dig through my profile." is in reality "How dare he remember me and link to what I told him last week"
in OP's defense, when they posted a gif yesterday on how to make proper ramen broth completely from scratch, it got barely any attention.... just a handful of comments: https://www.reddit.com/r/GifRecipes/comments/gyyz2f/momofuku_ramen_broth_the_full_measure_we_made_the/ Turns out just adding stuff to instant ramen is far more popular.
I too was surprised when I saw it, I've seen similar broth from scratch videos in the past get lots of attention. I'm speculating that the lengthy title may have had something to do with it, and time of day might make a difference as well.
whoops looks like I misread the times, never mind on that point
Sticking it to "the man" who dares to enforce child support orders against them?
The people who did it successfully took control of the town, and their supporters also took over the North Carolina government and implemented poll taxes (with the oft-mentioned grandfather clause), bragged about the elimination of every single black voter from the rolls in NC, implemented Jim Crow laws formalizing segregation of businesses &amp; public facilities, etc... We hear about things like poll taxes, the disenfranchisement, the separate lunch counters &amp; water fountains and such presented in the abstract, but conveniently nobody mentions the mob of +2000 white supremacists with a Gatling gun killing &amp; driving away the bulk of a city's black populace, and that the law did absolutely nothing. Nor do we hear that one of the men behind it became mayor for 7 years afterwards, and the voting restrictions stayed in place until the Federal Supreme Court stepped in 17 years later, with their Jim Crow laws enforced until the 1960s. I'd just sort of assumed that voting restrictions &amp; Jim Crow laws started to be implemented immediately post-civil war, not 20-30 years afterwards following the massacre of free and voting black people.
false flag provocateurs? white people spraypainting 'down whh white' and "BLM" on the side of a building certainly doesn't sound like something attributable to "antifa" to me
For bonus irony, in the original quote the young and idealistic people calling for freedom and democracy were called *Republicans*.
guar gum is another option, similar to xanthan &amp; locust bean gum. (aka carob bean gum) Also they work in slightly different ways, so there can be neat synergistic effects when using a mixture of different gums, with more of the thickening, emulsifying &amp; melt point effects than you would get with any of the gums by themselves.
I recall reading that many of the few "colored" pools that did exist were essentially just wading pools, so not particularly useful for actually learning to swim.
&gt; This sounds like a delusional conspiracy theory to me. While those people probably exist they’re certainly not the majority. I didn't say they were the majority, I'm just saying that they exist. There's been plenty of social media chatter from the right about doing stuff exactly this. Hell, even the President's son retweeted fake "Antifa" posts made by white supremacists. &gt;I know people like this, who do this sort of stuff. They’re anarchists and also claim they’re antifa. They’re mostly troubled white kids. I know people like that exist, and are responsible for graffiti. but what makes me think this in particular is a false flag is that they've written "down whh white"... it seems like the intent was to discredit black people and the BLM movement, and doesn't really seem to fit with the stereotypical anarchist / antifa activist mold. Let's be honest here, if all we had was photos of "down whh white" and BLM on the side of a building during these protests most people would be attributing blame to black protesters/rioters, not a pair of white girls who made an effort to be as unidentifiable as possible. Also the clothes... while all-black is common for anarchists, their specific outfits and look doesn't quite fit the image, particularly that white backpack.
I once had some dried beans that I mistakenly cooked in acidic water that essentially didn't cook, we just kept cooking and cooking and they were still crunchy, even after like 2hrs of cooking.
It's an example of the kind of escalation and overreaction that leads to police brutality. That squad was geared up for war, the reason there was no incident was that the house had nobody in it when they broke the door in.
This shouldn't be protocol for a non-violent crime. They literally deployed a helicopter and a dozen troops complete with bulletproof riot shields against a house when nobody was home, all over a mere telephone tip that someone was selling drugs. As I said, a perfect example of the kind of escalation of force and overreaction that leads to police brutality. If their sound engineer had still been on site when the police raided this could easily have ended with injury or even his death, despite the fact that they were doing nothing illegal.
No, you are the one who is assuming all sorts of shit about "multiple men with high caliber rifles", houses "filled with thugs", "murders selling laced drugs", etc... I'm trying to stick to the few facts we know, that there was a tip about drug sales, a non-violent crime, and that that their militarized raid found nothing illegal, just a home with nobody there and a recording studio. &gt;Also all those tactics you mentioned are meant to pacify situations before they occur to other people, I’m sure someone who is better trained than you or I could explain better than I could, but basically they’re enclosing the radius to affect just them and the potential shooter. Yes, this might be an appropriate response for armed threats, hostage situations or an active shooter, but not for a *mere tip* about a drug dealer, with no evidence that anyone is armed or is willing to shoot someone. This is the whole problem, the default level of force used for raids about drugs has escalated to extreme levels in some areas. These guys look like they're about to apprehend the Boston Bombers, not conduct a search for drugs in response to a mere telephone tip by a neighbor. &gt;you’re just guessing they’d fuck up and hurt someone Cops shooting innocent people during no-knock raids is something that happens. Breonna Taylor would be alive right now if police had served the search warrant in daytime and knocked &amp; identified themselves, instead of using a battering ram after midnight while dressed in plain clothes and carrying guns. Even if the occupants try to comply, with this level of militarized breach it's pretty much a given that anyone in the building is going to be forcefully detained and handcuffed, and that comes with it risk of injury, false arrest for "resisting" if your compliance isn't quite unquestioning enough, etc...
Here's an example: Some of the "paintball rounds" they are firing include FN303, shaped plastic rounds 50% filled with tiny metal balls of bismuth, for extra damage. (2.5x the legal maximum mass of actual paintballs) Cops used these to kill a woman back in 2004. Here's how the manufacturer advertises them: &gt;[The primary effect of the projectile is trauma, which directly neutralizes the aggressor. Secondary effects from the projectiles can be delivered via a chemical payload depending on mission requirements.](https://fnamerica.com/products/less-lethal/projectiles/) They've managed to get the public thinking that these are just "rubber bullets" and "bean bags" and "paintballs", all while the beanbags are now filled with lead shot and cops are using 40mm grenade launchers and firing custom engineered 68 caliber projectiles out of paintball guns.
Obviously the alternative would be paintballs or pepperballs that **aren't** filled with metal for extra mass and trauma? How about actual rubber bullets, instead of metal balls with a plastic coating? &gt;They are used when the police have already decided (correctly or incorrectly) to use potentially lethal force. Nah, we've seen from these protests that this isn't at all how they are being used. Cops aren't allowed to use live ammunition on unarmed and non-threatening people for mere noncompliance, yet we have dozens if not hundreds of examples of cops doing so with these "less lethal" rounds. They've somehow decided that these are mere compliance tools, to punish and cause pain in situations that would not remotely warrant lethal force. Fire directly into an unarmed crowd just to scatter them? sure! Aim and fire directly at credentialed reporters carrying a full sized news camera, microphones, etc... while they're filming a live news broadcast, well away from police lines? Sure! Fire a 40mm grenade launcher projectile at someone's head or chest from 10-15ft away? Why not! Roll up on and open fire on a group of unarmed people, and then chase them down all while firing out the window of a moving car for nothing more than *allegedly* violating curfew, without even attempting to have a conversation? No problem! The fact that there's multiple exemptions to curfew? Too bad, just roll up and start blasting! Shoot your own Police bias training officer in the groin with a 'rubber bullet' at close range, exploding his testicle, all while he's standing still with his hands up?! Somehow also yes.
I have no doubt of that, I'm just saying that many of the specific incidents of abuse of less lethal weapons would likely not have occurred using actual guns. The teens whose only "crime" was standing on a quiet residential streetcorner during curfew would not have been shot repeatedly from a moving vehicle using live ammo without saying a word, nor would they have chased the teens down the street while firing. Nobody would have ordered "light them up" using live ammunition on the white family complete with children who were standing on their porch in a quiet suburban neighborhood, and who were in 100% compliance with the curfew order. There is a level of nonchalance to the use of these less lethal weapons that is very problematic given the ongoing increase in potential lethality of the projectiles they are firing, and the total disregard for the training they ostensibly received before use.
Probably the conservative Canadian politician https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxime_Bernier
Last I checked, you have to be logged in to view the replies made by a particular account. Their standalone tweets are still viewable, but not replies to others.
He was nowhere near "the middle of a riot", he was literally on his own private property at his BBQ restaurant, and was ultimately shot while standing in his kitchen doorway, trying to use the doorframe as cover. The first shots appear to have been fired by law enforcement (likely less-lethal rounds) at which point the property owner returned fire, and was then killed by the National Guard.
&gt; and other protesters do not curb or prevent such opportunists from smeering an important campaign. There are actually quite a number of videos showing protesters confronting &amp; trying to stop vandals. here's a solid example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3R8HhYj0Eyk
Leave it to Trump to be talking about fabulous gay friends with their really long putters, in a speech about gay marriage.
Was this an intentional reference to Hitler's early organizing in beer halls, or just amazingly coincidental?
well done
They actually did, it's part of the instructions, just not pictured in the gif. &gt;Get your soba noodles on (follow pack instructions). When they are ready, place them in a bowl with cold water so they are cool when you assemble the salad.
I bought a bag of Ritz Baked Chips recently without checking the nutritional info first. Sort of a cross between chips and crackers, they claim to be "baked" and don't seem particularly greasy, but when I later compared the nutritional info against a bag of kettle style fried chips there was less than an 8% difference in calories. And this was comparing against greasy and heavily seasoned kettle style chips!
It's a brick of pressed &amp; slightly aged/fermented soybeans. Vaguely similar to a super-firm tofu with more of an earthy/nutty flavor, but made with whole beans instead of soymilk curd, so has a lot more texture and chew to it. Often sold alongside tofu products, and frequently pre-seasoned/marinated or smoked.
This was hell on certain Roku models when it was added, as some low end models didn't have the power to handle the update that brought autoplay previews, and suffered from lengthy delays and interface lag.
If it's good enough for the Military when dealing with non-Americans in combat, why can't it be done with Americans?
Gotta love how anecdotal knowledge ends up being off by a whopping 95.6%
Fun fact, PATRIOT missile systems include components manufactured by UNICOR using convict labor.
Another article mentions that the owner tried to opt-out, and even took down the sign.... only to be ignored by the officers, who at one point even replaced the sign themselves.
&gt; Does being press give you special rights that an average citizen does not have? Many of the curfew orders these troops were ostensibly enforcing included explicit exemptions for the press, right along with the exemptions for law enforcement and medical personnel.
Have you seen any statistics on false accusations that are based on similar methods to those used to come up with statistics on sexual assault? For false accusations, people typically point to stats on reports shown to be false via the legal system, which is a far higher bar than the methods used to come up with stats for sexual assaults that go unreported to the police, or that do not lead to charges or convictions. There is quite a lot of work done to determine how many women feel they have been sexually assaulted. It would be interesting to see similar methods used to gather statistics for false accusations, say... adding a question to crime victimization surveys that asks people if they've ever been falsely accused of sexual assault.
It's worth mentioning that many have a mistaken idea of "premeditation". You don't have to plan something days or weeks in advance, even just thinking about your actions moments beforehand can qualify. Also, "felony murder" laws can make it murder if anyone is killed during the commission of a felony, regardless of whether there was intent to kill, even so far as to apply to accomplices to the felony. Getaway drivers for robberies have been convicted of murder because their accomplice shot someone, even though the driver never left the car, never handled or even saw the gun, etc...
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ac/Obama_and_Biden_await_updates_on_bin_Laden.jpg
&gt; I like how a PR statement from Monsanto's website is a source and conveniently doesn't mention that they decided not to sell due to intense public backlash. This is kind of misleading. Monsanto did not actually develop this technology, it was created by one of their competitors, Delta &amp; Pine Land Monsanto's role here was just obtaining the patents as part of their purchase/merger with D&amp;PL, and then announcing that terminator technology was a dangerous idea and that they would not be commercializing it.
Or offer *gay* snacks and drinks? Water bottles with rainbow labels, Skittles, Twinkies, *flaming* hot Cheetos, etc...
It's not destroying the water source, over a 10 year span it'd be using just 14% of the water supply to fill up the dam's reservoir.
Many Scout troops are mixed gender, there were several girls in mine. They weren't allowed to share a tent with the boys, but otherwise no segregation that I recall.
&gt; You're supposed to apply for asylum at a border crossing. You can't claim asylum when caught trying to enter illegally. Applying at a port of entry is ideal, but you can in fact claim asylum after crossing the border illegally. &gt;Y[ou may apply for asylum in the United States regardless of your country of origin or your current immigration status.](https://www.uscis.gov/humanitarian/refugees-and-asylum) Claiming asylum upon being apprehended by the border patrol is entirely legitimate, hell, legally Asylum seekers even have a full year to do so: &gt;[To apply for Asylum, file a Form I-589, Application for Asylum and for Withholding of Removal, within one year of your arrival to the United States. There is no fee to apply for asylum.](https://www.uscis.gov/humanitarian/refugees-and-asylum/asylum)
My favorite example of the ridiculousness is a guy who got into a crash during a high speed chase. His vehicle rolls several times, the driver is thrown entirely free of the vehicle, totally unconscious. Wakes up in hospital later and his whole body is injured.... but he was in a car crash right? makes sense He had no idea he was brutally beaten by police until the dash cam video was released, which shows officers arrive on scene and immediate start striking the unconscious body, with more officers swarming out of their vehicles like something out of a Benny Hill skit, nightsticks in hand to join the beatdown already in progress.
https://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/21/us/21birmingham.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uN41h0GEmys
&gt; My question is, why did they even have the SATA connectors built into the risers in the first place!? When risers like these were being developed, cards for mining tended to draw nearly all their power via PCI-E connectors, there were a few generations were slot power usage was often under 10-25w. And then more modern and power efficient cards came along with their single 6 pin power connector... and were an absolute fire hazard for miners. People would upgrade 7950/280x/290x/390x mining rigs to RX 470 or RX 480, and be thrilled with the 40-60% drop in total power consumption... not realizing it was actually 2.5-5x more power consumption via the slot/riser and that their existing cabling and risers weren't up to the task, the super tiny pins and thin wire in the low budget adapters were never intended to carry 75w Molex is still just one pin of 12V but the pins and wire are larger and there's a pair of ground wires, so it's a solid improvement over SATA, but still a far cry from a 6 pin PCIE with three pins each of 12v and ground.
the connector &amp; socket are rather interchangeable parts, but the fan's wiring can be different from model to model, so you can't rely on the wire colors of the donor part, just be sure to get the orientation and wiring correct to match the original.
Sounds like it either needs to be undervolted, or needs to be re-pasted, or both. Many Tahiti cards shipped with far too high voltage, with the boost voltage set to 1.25v when the card would be just fine at 1.1v or less. I recall one particular Powercolor 7950 that had a non-boost clock of 880mhz at ~1.05v but would boost to 925mhz at 1.25v At stock, the card couldn't boost for more than a second without hitting it's power limit, and would overheat if I raised the power limit. But undervolted to 1.05v at 925mhz and temps were like 20c cooler and stable, and I was even able to overclock to +1000mhz at 1.05v
Just FYI for your troubleshooting, these mobos have a UEFI BIOS that dislikes RX series cards with VBIOS timing mods, and will not output video until the system boots all the way into the OS. The boards themselves are also tempermental, for one of mine it took repeated attempts to reset the CMOS, and switching back &amp; forth between onboard &amp; GPU to get it to show signs of life.
Well... it's part of the explanation, in a roundabout way. The US began providing military aid to both sides of the Arab-Israeli conflict back in the 1970s, it was one of the results of the Camp David accords and ensuing peace. Israel receives billions in aid each year, as does Egypt and Jordan.
Yes, seems a reasonable short explanation on why the US is paying military aid to Israel, Egypt and Jordan. Probably not the most productive approach for Palestinian civilians, but it seems to have helped prevent another outright war involving Israel and Egypt and Jordan for the past +40 years. Having them all suckling off the teat of the US military-industrial complex and using similar equipment seems to provide a disincentive to attack each other. Do you think things would have been more stable if Egypt &amp; Jordan had stayed with Soviet military support and technology from the 1970s onward, instead of working with the Americans following the peace treaty with Israel? &gt;Just did a rough estimate and aid to both Egypt and Jordan together doesn't match the aid sent to israel I never said it did, just that the US has also been providing billions in ongoing aid to Israel's former rivals. I don't think it's any shock that the US has picked a favorite numbers wise, I just think it worthwhile to include the corresponding aid to Egypt &amp; Jordan in the discussion.
