I think the real question is if the Lakers do trade for AD why would Kawhi still pick the Clippers if he could just sign with the Lakers and team up with LeBron and AD?
Again, I'm saying that if the Lakers do trade for AD, why would he prefer the Clippers. Do you *still* think the Clippers have a better team than the Lakers if they have LeBron and AD? Put it this way: which team would be better next season, the Clippers if they just added Kawhi, or a Lakers team with LeBron, AD and Kawhi?
That guy hates the Lakers so much that he's actually rooting for one of their players to have a life-threatening condition. Truly pathetic.
&gt; I think the argument is that there’d be a lot less drama This would have also been the case a year ago though and yet Kawhi still stated he preferred the Lakers.
&gt;I don't think Jaylen ever becomes close to either of those two players at his peak. Me neither, those guys actually improved from their first year to their second year.
I think the Lakers have their best offer out there and right now the Pels are fishing around to see if they can get anyone to beat it.
Yeah, this article was written from the standpoint of if he's renounced by the Jazz so they can create max cap space. It's not about the Lakers trading for him.
I've seen other people say this but those two make too much money combined to just be realistically traded together. To match salaries teams would have to send back roughly $52 million worth of contracts, and it's tough to imagine many teams having that much salary to move.
That only would be worth it if the Lakers could first pull off an AD trade, and even then, I'm not sure if it would be worth it for the Lakers. I mean, how good is CP3 really expected to be over the next 3 years?
Last year they specifically targeted only one-year deals so they could save their cap space. If they trade for AD they'll have no reason to do that again and will instead just target anyone they think that can help and will sign them to market price deals for multiple years.
There's no need to wait on anything, they can agree to sign with the Lakers any time after free agency starts. When the contract is officially signed doesn't really matter.
If CP retires then he'll leave all that money on the table. No way he's just walking away from $44 million in that final season.
This had to increase the chances that Horford's gonna opt out and sign elsewhere as well though, so you have to factor that in.
Don't forget Zubac as well as Kuzma, plus the Pels unloading Solomon Hill's contract.
Right? I mean, people shit all over LeBron all year for "not making a basketball decision", but now if Kawhi goes and chooses the Clippers over the Lakers it'll be hard to sell it that that was "a basketball decision". If Kawhi joins the Lakers, they're instantly heavy favorites to win it all next year. It's the team he said he preferred, in his hometown, on a max contract, that would be title favorites. So what exactly is his argument for not going there? Even with LeBron and AD on the team, wouldn't Kawhi still be the Lakers' best player?
Of course, injuries can happen, even to superteams, but you have to admit, if Kawhi just looked around and said "which team can offer me both the max contract and the best roster" it's hard to argue against the Lakers right now. If they all got hurt next year then yeah, they wouldn't win anything, but nobody signs with a team expecting massive injuries.
Are the Pels gonna sign LiAngelo now?
[This team?](https://i.imgur.com/ba2GNrt.jpg)
&gt;What were they thinking? If they didn't get AD and they whiffed on everyone in free agency then what would have been their plan? Sign one year guys again and hope AD still wants to sign in 2020? Now they have LeBron and AD entering free agency with a full max slot. They were thinking that they're taking their shot right now. They pushed all their chips in and are going for title runs. Look how playing it safe and hoarding your assets worked out for Boston. The Lakers may have seriously risked their long term health, but their immediate future is arguably the best in the league right now. After 6 years of futility you can't really blame them.
I think people are going to continue to hate AD because he actually made it to the Lakers. That's why people were so pissed at Kawhi a year ago, because he said he wanted to go to the Lakers. They only forgave him because he instead was traded to Toronto. But people aren't gonna be so quick to forgive AD after getting his wish and joining the hated Lakers like he wanted all along.
Agreed. How exactly does Boogie have "no chance" at getting money or rings? Also, how does the AD trade affect him at all?
Honestly Lavar has been irrelevant for quite some time now. There's a reason you hardly ever heard anything reported about him over the last year or so.
Except those guys won. A lot. Meanwhile Chris Paul has only been past the 2nd round once.
He's gonna be better than KD next year too.
It's just that a lot of people view the Lakers through an extremely negative prism (including Bill Simmons obviously). As such their trade package was viewed as shitty until they made the deal, then once the deal was made it was viewed as too much to give up. It's basically the principle that the Lakers can do nothing right in the eyes of many people, and that whatever they want to do is stupid and whatever they have done is wrong.
Would you rather ESPN hire the most attractive people even if they have no knowledge of the NBA to talk about it, or the people that know the most about it regardless of what they look like? Should they fire Zach Lowe because he doesn't look like a supermodel and bring in some totally vapid pretty person who knows nothing about the NBA to discuss it?
They do need some help in the backcourt...
If it's Kyrie alone why wouldn't the Nets also just sign D'lo? Better to have both assets and see how they play together (and then just trade one of them if it doesn't work) than have your lone All Star simply renounced and walk in free agency, right?
[She said "might" not that it was concretely agreed upon.](https://twitter.com/latimessports/status/1140328289115856896)
This is my guess about that: AD doesn't have to decide on whether to waive his trade kicker until the trade actually gets executed (either July 6th or 30th), and apparently the trade date can still possibly be moved. So, I'm assuming that if the Lakers can get a max guy they feel is worth the money (say Kawhi or Kyrie or Butler or Kemba maybe) to commit to signing with them for the max, then the Lakers will probably go to the Pels and offer a little bit more in the deal to get them to push the date back to July 30th, in which case AD getting his trade kicker won't hurt the Lakers' cap space. If that doesn't happen, then the Lakers will have from July 1st through July 6th to convince worthwhile role players to sign, and if AD feels like any of them are good enough to necessitate opening up that extra space, then he'll probably waive his trade kicker. If not, then he'll keep it.
The Pelicans don't have any incentive to do so, but my guess is if the Lakers can get a commitment from someone like Kawhi or Kyrie then they'll probably offer an extra asset or two to New Orleans to get them to extend the date to the 30th.
I 100% agree with you (and I seem to be the only one who responded who understood what you were getting at). I'd be surprised if all of this wasn't already part of the negotiations between the two teams. My guess is they agreed on this part of the deal if it goes through on July 6th and then they probably also negotiated what the deal would be if it went through on July 30th (with additional Laker assets, I'd imagine). The Lakers wouldn't want to just offer up those assets to move the date now, before they'd had a chance to even talk to guys like Kawhi and Kyrie. So Pelinka and Griff probably both agreed that if the Lakers decide they want to move the date then they'll go with the more expensive trade package (presumably once the Lakers get a verbal commitment from Kawhi or Kyrie), otherwise they'll just leave it as is if the Lakers can't get any traction on max FAs.
Theoretically if I'm right, the Lakers could still push the date on July 6th out to the 30th even if they know for sure they're not getting any max level guys. It just becomes a question of what else it costs the Lakers to move that date out. By the 6th the Lakers should know pretty well exactly who they'd be signing in free agency and would then know whether it would be worth it to give up whatever extra compensation the Pels would need to push back the date. If the extra price is Kuzma, then he's worth it if you can sign Kawhi, but not if you're just going after someone like Seth Curry.
If the Lakers move the trade date back he won't have to, and reportedly the Pelicans are open to doing that (it would just take an extra incentive from the Lakers to do so).
Why would he hate LeBron? What has LeBron done to him?
Him saying that he is interested in re-signing is not the same thing as saying he is doing this to give the Celtics a discount. Other teams would give him a big payday this summer, that's why he opted out. If Boston doesn't match those prices then I'm sure he will leave.
[Woj said July 6th was the expected date](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1140296688650903553), and Tania Ganguli of the LA Times reported that both teams were open to moving the trade date. Do you really think if Kawhi tells the Lakers he is willing to sign there if they have a max cap spot for him that they will not offer up a little extra to the Pelicans to get them to push the date? You are dreaming if you think that is a real stumbling block if Kawhi wants to go there.
Yes exactly, and that's why he will get well paid this summer.
If Kawhi tells the Lakers he's willing to sign with them for the max then you can guarantee the Lakers will offer up a little more to New Orleans to get them to move the trade date. People acting like that's a real stumbling block to Kawhi signing aren't being realistic.
Nobody really knows what Kawhi wants, but if he wants the most market exposure he can get then he'll go to the Lakers as that's where he'd get the most attention. I mean, the Lakers were almost getting covered more in the Finals than the Raptors and Warriors were.
Nevertheless, they don't demote you if you're "doing what the network wants" and "getting people talking about the show" like that Celtics fan was claiming. Pierce isn't like the Howard Stern of ESPN or something, he's just bad at his job.
They can sign Kyrie without having to renounce D'lo, just FYI. They'd only have to renounce D'lo if they want to sign a *second* max player to put alongside Kyrie. In any event, I found an article you might find interesting: &gt;[Puzzle pieces DO give Lakers room for LeBron, Davis AND max FA](https://247sports.com/nba/mavericks/Article/EXCLUSIVE-Clever-puzzle-pieces-DO-give-Lakers-room-for-LeBron-Davis-AND-max-free-agent--132970888/) &gt; &gt;"The Lakers will have MAX cap room to spend and pursue a max-level talent in free agency. That much is certain." Sorry if this kills your narrative.
It'll be the same shit if Kawhi signs with the Lakers. People will be like "Of course he signed there, that's where he said he wanted to go last summer. Stupid LA fan boys."
No, some of them were from last week.
&gt; most of them in the last week or two said the lakers are the most likely to end up with him [This was The Jump from 5 days ago](https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/c0bszy/anthony_davis_would_be_on_lakers_already_if/) (and some of the clips in the OP's video are from this episode).
The real threats to sign Horford away from Boston, IMO, are the Lakers, Clippers, Nets, Knicks, Mavs, Kings, Pacers and Jazz. Now I don't think all of those teams will make him offers, but I would guess at least a couple of them will.
Yes. I could absolutely see the Nets making a run at him (though they'd have to renounce D'lo to do so, assuming Kyrie signs as well).
I take it you didn't read the link I provided? lol That doesn't have anything to do with D'lo or the Pels or the Nets. Sorry man.
Horford to the Pelicans confirmed.
After Kyrie and Horford sign elsewhere the Celtics will have to renounce Rozier, Morris and Theis to get that max cap space. I know you were joking but I think the odds are good Boston is probably just gonna use most of their cap space to re-sign Rozier.
Since he's about to walk out the door and never look back, is he really *your* dad anymore? lmao PS Fuck the Sixers and FUCK THE CELTICS
At least you guys will have much lower expectations next year.
If you want to know how the Lakers can open a max cap slot without moving the AD trade date, [here's an article explaining it.](https://247sports.com/nba/mavericks/Article/EXCLUSIVE-Clever-puzzle-pieces-DO-give-Lakers-room-for-LeBron-Davis-AND-max-free-agent--132970888/)
I actually didn't downvote your post, you seem OK in spite of being a Boston fan lol You're much higher on your team's future than I am, but that's to be expected given who we both root for. Also, I'm not worried about raised expectations for the Lakers. The Lakers have so many haters that even when they're not expected to be good people come out in droves to shit all over them when they don't win. Having a better team simply means there's less chance of that happening, but the shit the Lakers get when they fail is always at a maximum.
You just need to remember that with Woj you can 100% trust him if he is breaking a news story for something that has actually happened (trade, signing or draft position), but when it comes to his opinions about things, or him speculating on rumors, he's *always* got an agenda. Those opinions and speculation and analysis are always him doing someone a favor for information they previously gave him or punishing someone for shutting him out, and that stuff should always be taken with a huge grain of salt.
Fab Melo.
Seriously man. That guy ain't getting up after taking an L like that one he just got above. Yikes.
Come on, dude, you're reaching lol Woj was reporting one thing all over the place and now has totally reversed himself with this tweet.
Dude, just accept it, the Lakers are going to have a max cap slot *and* they're going to add Anthony Davis. I know this is a tough time for you, but that's what's going to happen. You're delusional if you don't think this shit was thought about and discussed well in advance. I know you want to stay in your world where this isn't the case for as long as possible, but in the end the Lakers will have that max slot as well as Anthony Davis. I'm sorry.
Yeah, not a great day for Celtics fans lol
They might, D'lo is tall enough that he could be a decent shooting guard. But really the main reason they'd want to do that is because if it doesn't work out then they can trade D'lo and get back assets for him (or Kyrie, I suppose). That's preferable than just having your prized player walk in free agency and you get nothing in return for him.
LeBron turns 35 in December. That's absolutely how you sell it.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fab_Melo
Do you think Laker fans care about the other California teams because they're in California? Laker fans hate Clipper fans because *they're in the same building* and have been like a remora fish sponging off the Lakers' success for decades. If Laker fans have any animosity toward Kings fans it's probably lingering from their playoff battles nearly 20 years ago, but Laker fans don't tend to go after Kings fans much. And Laker fans never really had any rivalry with the Warriors because the two teams have never really been good at the same time before (they haven't met in the playoffs since the 80s). If the Lakers are great this year, I seriously doubt Kings fans are gonna get much shit for it. Clipper fans and Celtics fans will, but not Kings fans.
lol, teams have been doing that shit for *years* (specifically the Spurs and the Heat) and the league never did anything. Yes, it would be blatant cap circumvention, but unless the league can prove it they can't do anything. The Spurs did this with Manu Ginobili back in the summer of 2015, when they signed LaMarcus Aldridge. To help the team Manu opted out of his deal (as did Tim Duncan) and signed for the minimum after they used the space created by that to sign LMA. Then the next summer they used Bird rights to re-sign Manu to a one year deal for over $14 million, even though he was 39 at the time. This is commonplace. The Lakers could do this and nobody would do shit.
Well even if LeBron does play until he's 43 or something, clearly at some point well before then he will cease being the best player on the team. If Kawhi joins the Lakers he might not be the best on the team already (that also might be true now that AD is a Laker). LeBron simply being there doesn't mean he's automatically the #1 option. If he sticks around and eventually becomes a Vince Carter-like role player, then fine, that's not a problem.
I think if you could guarantee full health, then yeah, even with a roster of total scrubs they'd clearly be in contention. But just look at what happened to the Warriors this year. A top heavy team might be the favorites, but it's not a guarantee.
Harden haters need to start waving bras at him while he's shooting free throws.
Sure, if the Lakers can't get Kawhi or Kyrie or Butler, then it's probably better to fill out the rest of the roster with quality role players than offer a max to someone who isn't worth it. The problem is Woj just dismissing the idea that the Lakers could get those max guys. I mean, Kawhi said the Lakers were his preferred destination and since then they have added LeBron and Anthony Davis. Why would they no longer be his preferred destination if he leaves Toronto when he could sign for the max there and instantly be title favorites?
&gt; Imagine thinking he does this just to piss you guys off I don't think Woj pushes anti-Laker and pro-Clipper narratives to piss Laker fans off. I think he does it because Steve Ballmer is paying him to do so, because it's not just about trying to torpedo the Lakers, he's also putting out stuff to try to [torpedo the Raptors.](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1139381622174732288) He's really pushing this "Kawhi to the Clippers" narrative [pretty hard,](https://streamable.com/q3er3) with no real reporting or sources, just his opinion. As for credible reports saying Kawhi might consider the Lakers, here's a few: * [Chris Mannix](https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/c2asyt/mannix_im_amazed_that_pundits_are_ruling_out_the/) * [Damon Jones](https://twitter.com/getupespn/status/1140599238704979968?s=21) * [Chris Broussard](https://twitter.com/foxsportsradio/status/1140669582572752896?s=21) * [Chris Carter](https://twitter.com/FTFonFS1/status/1140584607575871489)
I thought I read somewhere that the Warriors wouldn't be eligible for disabled player exceptions for KD or Klay because they were hurt during this past season. Does anyone have any clarification on that?
He didn't say he was the *cause* of the issues, he said his "presence near the center of the Celtics chemistry issues".
Yeah, but I'll bet at his age Horford would like a chance at a ring, so leaving Boston to go to the Lakers for cheap could make sense for him in that regard.
Being far more attractive than CP3 does not equal being very attractive though. Adams is overpaid for what he contributes, even if he is relatively young and his deal expires in 2021. I don't think he'd be a straight up salary dump, but he's not a priced asset teams are gonna give up a lot for.
Scared money don't make none lol
I think it's just a question of whether it's worth it for them to put him on air anymore or not. He says awful things, hits on female co-hosts or tells them to "stay in their lane", but when he was relevant to the Lakers he helped generate clicks and views. On the Pelicans though? Nobody is gonna care what he has to say, so it's no longer worth the negative fallout to put him on the air.
&gt; We were never expected to win 67 games [Oh no?](https://twitter.com/maxontwitter/status/1094455247861297152?lang=en)
So funny how before the trade everyone was saying "how'd that work out with Paul George and Kawhi?" and "the Lakers won't risk wasting another year of LeBron by simply keeping cap space open for another year." What if trading for AD to pair with LeBron suddenly makes the Lakers the favorites to sign Kawhi? I'd say it was well worth it if that happens.
[You're dealing with outdated information](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1141134741808308225), [sorry.](https://i.redd.it/qa8u6pdpx7531.jpg) The Lakers were always Kawhi's preferred destination, and now he has the chance to sign with them for the max and they'd instantly be overwhelming title favorites. It's a very strong possibility.
https://twitter.com/JohnnyNBA/status/1137872288144121856/video/1
Yeah I'm not saying Adams has no value or is trash or something, just that he's wildly overpaid for the kind of player he is. It's that $53 million pricetag that would scare teams away from wanting to trade for him.
Will salary dumping Adams, Roberson and Schroeder along with their 1st round draft pick improve the team somehow? Addition by subtraction like they thought they were doing last year with Melo? Cause the OP's link doesn't say anything about that, it just says they're trying to cut costs.
I'm not even mocking you guys, just remarking on how crazy that is.
How am I mocking anyone? The guy asked who died and I answered him.
&gt; THREE YEARS AGO, the Warriors had a mystery on their hands. Team trainers were noticing that the stationary bikes in their practice facility had become rather unstationary. More to the point, they were disappearing. Eventually, the mystery was solved. Green was dragging the stationary cycles to the sauna and leaving them there to soak. &gt; &gt; It turned out that Green, who's struggled with his weight since his days at Michigan State, had developed a theory: By riding the bikes in the sauna, he could more efficiently shed pounds. In the short term, biking in a sauna will do that, but much of what is lost is water weight and is soon gained back. Golden State trainers were aware that Green's regimen was, at best, scientifically dubious. Also, the bikes were getting ruined. Says a former Golden State trainer: "He would come in and say, 'The screen's not working on the bike.' And I'd be like, 'Yeah, I wonder why.'" &gt; &gt; Still, the team chose to ultimately allow it. It did involve cardio. And Green was loath to give it up. At the end of the day, success trusts its routine, no matter how absurd, grueling or dangerous to electronic equipment it might be. https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/17790252/golden-state-draymond-green-problem
I highly suggest you (and everyone else) read [this article](https://newrepublic.com/article/120572/adrian-wojnarowski-how-basketballs-reporting-machine-gets-his-scoops) from a few years back which pretty explicitly exposes Woj's dirty practices and lack of any sense of journalistic integrity.
The problem is people think because Woj breaks news quickly that it proves his bona fides as a reporter, so if he speculates as something people take it as gospel (or as the most trustworthy report that's out there). The lack of any journalistic integrity or ethics though means that people should view *everything* he's speculating about with a huge grain of salt, as it may not be something he is actually speculating on, but is rather just furthering someone else's agenda by pushing a narrative, as a guy with a large platform to do so.
This could be formed into a 3-way deal.
Since Ballmer bought the Clippers Chris Paul wanted out, DeAndre Jordan wanted out and the Clippers have traded away their two best players (Blake Griffin and Tobias Harris). I think it's a bit premature to say the Clippers are now suddenly a free agent destination. If they score this summer then you can say that, but until then...
The Clippers have traded away their best player in consecutive years now, and this was after Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan both wanted to leave the Clippers.
Siakam is 25, dunno if he qualifies as "young".
&gt; I think Kawhi wants the market , endorsements, and recognition as a top player 100% agree, which is why a year ago he named the Lakers as his preferred destination. Kawhi wants to be marketed like one of the biggest stars in the league and probably feels like he's only going to get that if he plays for one of the most marketable franchises. No doubt he's weighing that right now with staying in Toronto and possibly winning another title.
We don't know that it doesn't give the Lakers trade room. Maybe the Hawks are willing to wait till July 30th to execute the trade, or maybe the Lakers throw in Wagner, Bonga and Jones to Atlanta along with the 4th pick to open up max cap space on July 6th. We need to wait until all the details are finalized and the trade is executed before we know whether the Lakers will have that cap space or not.
Oh would you look at that https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/c32ubk/wojnarowski_rob_pelinka_and_david_griffin_upon/ Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, yeah they're getting max cap space ahahahahahahahahahahahaha
If the Pels had agreed to do the trade on July 30th then it would have been a major impediment for them to then trade the 4th pick (as that team also would have to agree to the delay, which could have dropped its value), so the Lakers and Pels agreed to keep it flexible in case the Pels could trade that pick. If it was traded then the deal would be executed on the 6th and the Pels would instead work with the Lakers to probably re-work the trade so they could also include Wagner, Bonga and Jones for salary purposes so the Lakers could still have max cap room to use if a free agent they like (i.e. Kawhi or Kyrie) commits to signing during the moratorium. If the Lakers don't get any max FAs they want to commit then they won't need to include those other guys and the deal will just go ahead as previously reported. tl;dr - It basically explains why the Pels would be open to continuing to work with the Lakers to restructure the deal, and that both parties were in agreement of this when the trade was agreed upon.
Cause John Wick killed him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt47W4MbSdo
The Lakers will take good care of him.
Doesn't seem like a fair bet. We're both betting on something neither one of us has any inside info on in which there are 28 possible outcomes, and you're proposing I take one outcome and you take the other 27?
Let's say the Lakers sign Kawhi or Kyrie with that max slot, adding them to LeBron, AD and Kuzma. It's a good bet the Lakers will get Korver and Ariza on vet mins this summer, and Aron Baynes might sign with them as well if he gets bought out. On top of that KCP, Reggie Bullock and Mike Muscala all could have incentives to sign one year cheap deals with the Lakers as they would then have full Bird rights to all three players next summer if they did. That would mean all three could be re-signed a year from now above the cap and thus could be repaid for taking a one year discount. Additionally supposedly Javale McGee wants to return and might do a vet min again to do so. And the Lakers would still have the rights to Alex Caruso, so their roster could look like this: C - Baynes, McGee PF - AD, Muscala SF - LeBron, Bullock, Ariza SG - KCP, Korver PG - Kyrie, Caruso Or possibly Kawhi instead of Kyrie.
Hopefully next year anyway so it fucks the Celtics with that pick.
And LeBron also was lighter as a rookie when he was Zion's age. Zion may need to, at the very least, work hard to keep on top of his weight to make sure it doesn't balloon on him. He's pretty beefy for an 18 year old.
https://twitter.com/Gambo987/status/1141930143679598592
Other than Danny Ainge, who's reporting any quality free agents who are even considering the Celtics?
https://i.redd.it/e60g8r34fm531.jpg
Here's what Ainge could have done differently: IT wasn't a free agent, he just had one year left on his deal, so rather than trade him to a team that needed a guy to contribute for them right away while he was rehabbing and facing free agency, Ainge could have let the guy who sacrificed so much for Boston rehab in Boston and give him a chance to prove himself. He could have paid him back for the sacrifices IT had made for him by at the very least giving him a chance (the next season) to prove himself to the franchise that owed him a debt of gratitude. He could have kept him in a place where he'd have got the benefit of the doubt rather than scowls for not being what the Cavs needed to help keep LeBron. In short, Ainge could have shown IT a little bit of loyalty.
I think you're kidding yourself if you don't think that racist reputation Boston has plays some factor in the minds of a lot of black athletes when considering the Celtics as a possible free agent destination.
&gt; You don’t think KCP fetches for $12-14m? No I don't. People have been calling KCP's contracts with the Lakers wild overpays for the last two years, and have been saying the only reason he was getting that money was because of LeBron's ties with the Lakers (KCP is represented by Rich Paul, LeBron's agent). If anything KCP is probably in the position to do the Lakers a favor for giving him $30 million over the last two years, especially if they promise to repay him a year from now with a 3-4 year deal for above market price for him. Staying with the Lakers will help out LeBron and if they promise to give KCP his money anyway, why wouldn't he do that?
Well Ainge pretty much did ruin IT's career (look at what's happened to him since Ainge did him dirty). Baynes' career isn't ruined, but Ainge blatantly lied to him and then fucked him over. [That shit makes an impression on other players across the league.](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2818840-anthony-davis-father-rips-celtics-for-no-loyalty-with-isaiah-thomas) Ainge didn't need to sign IT to the max back in 2017, he just needed to give him a chance to rehab and finish out that last year of his contract and then give the Celtics a chance to negotiate with him the following summer. Instead Ainge dumped him and look what's happened as a result. At the very least instead of still having Jae Crowder and the 8th pick in that draft (Colin Sexton), now they have neither of those things, no Kyrie Irving and nothing but a reputation for sticking the knife in the backs of players who show loyalty to them. How's that working out for the Celtics? Ask Kyrie and Al Horford how willing they are to put their faith in Danny Ainge these days. Ask why there's been zero reports of any free agents being linked to Boston this summer.
If Horford and Kyrie re-signed with Boston it would be a near guarantee that both would end up getting traded, probably this season, just so Ainge could get back some value for them now. You think Horford felt confident that if he re-signed with Boston they'd let him finish his career there, or do you think he felt like they'd eventually trade him to whichever team offered the most for him? Same with Kyrie: do you think he trusted Ainge enough to just hand over control of the prime of his career to him? I sure don't. If you don't think that was a factor then I don't know what to tell you.
[Russillo is saying the same thing too: there is *no* information coming out of Kawhi's camp about what he's planning on doing or even what he's thinking.](https://twitter.com/laflurer/status/1141942674317910016?s=09)
It's always been Simmons' main problem: it doesn't matter how knowledgeable or connected he is or how much insider info he has, if he's always going to filter it through the lens of an extremely biased Celtics homer than whatever he tells you is essentially meaningless. If you find him simply entertaining, then it's cool to listen to him or read his stuff, or if you're a Celtics or Clippers fan who wants to have someone prominent blow sunshine up your ass, then he's valuable for that too. But if you're looking for actual analysis or insight, he's not your guy, because even if he knows something to be true, if it goes against his pro-Celtics (or anti-Lakers) narrative, he's gonna ignore it or twist it into something that's more favorable to his way of thinking rather than just telling you the truth straight up.
Honestly the Lakers with LeBron, Anthony Davis and a max cap slot would be appealing for almost any free agent. The fact that Kawhi is from LA and last summer told the Spurs he wanted to be traded to Los Angeles with a preference for the Lakers has to at the very least mean they shouldn't just be ruled out the way many reporters seem to think they are. I don't know what Kawhi is gonna do, nobody does, but this attitude like he wouldn't even consider meeting with the Lakers doesn't really seem to be based on anything other than people like that guy who just hate the Lakers and really don't want to see it happen.
[The latest is he's telling people to buy some ugly ass watches.](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1141668509782614017)
Honestly I don't think it's personal with Woj, it's just business. No doubt the Clippers are giving him all kinds of insider access to pay him back for helping to push their narratives. It's the same thing he's built his whole career on, and it's the same way of doing business that ended up [getting Joe Dumars hit with a $500,000 fine for doing quid pro quo with Woj](https://newrepublic.com/article/120572/adrian-wojnarowski-how-basketballs-reporting-machine-gets-his-scoops) (access for positive pieces).
&gt; Why would he ever leave Toronto for New York/Brooklyn? Same reason he'd leave Toronto for LA: increased marketability due to being in a premier media market. If Kawhi wants to be marketed like one of the top guys in the NBA, even after this year it's not happening in Toronto because Canada's population is so small compared to the US' and because Canadian viewership doesn't affect Disney's/TNT's ratings (so they're less interested in pushing him as a marketable star). His game alone hasn't been enough to put him up there as one of the top couple most marketable players, and clearly his persona isn't gonna get him there either, so a good shortcut to that is playing in NY or LA.
[No use for Turkish based jets in LA either. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFYM4ECGpZA)
Even if he signs with the Lakers for the max?
Yeah, which kinda calls into question this idea that they were just trolling everyone, when they made him that offer and then went and traded for him at that price a year later. I think they genuinely wanted all those guys at those prices.
There's definitely a chance it's the Clippers. If they don't get Kawhi this summer then what else are they gonna do? Nobody else is reportedly even considering them. They've already got an old core there in Gallinari and Lou Williams, so adding another guy to help them stay competitive while they wait for their rookies to mature and those draft picks to convey isn't a bad Plan B for them. Otherwise they very well could be looking at missing the playoffs next year if they just stand pat.
&gt; Seemed like whenever the clips got a decent young player they would let him walk or trade him for trash tho. Sterling was notoriously cheap for *years* and seemed to populate his teams with players on rookie contracts and super cheap vets. So many players would finish their contract and not even be offered one to come back if some other team was offering them a deal. Also, there were a fair amount of those players who just couldn't wait to get away from the Clippers back then. Malik Sealy famously was quoted after finishing his deal with the Clippers and signing with Detroit that "it's great to be back in the NBA." And Lamar Odom was once asked while on the Clippers what his favorite day was and he said "the day I'm no longer a Clipper." Odom signed an offer sheet with Miami as an RFA and *begged* the Clippers not to match it. You can't overcome a bad owner, you just can't.
That wouldn't explain why he's totally ruling out the Lakers though.
&gt; [snake root](https://i.imgur.com/CuTFgKZ.jpg)
Late 1st round rookie vs. 23 year old All Star...
&gt; They got cocky af too I'm pretty sure they're just always that way, they don't need to "get" to that level.
Then I guess that meant the league was still competitive and not the forgone conclusion other people in this thread were making the league out to be once LeBron and Bosh joined the Heat, right?
&gt; He doesn’t fit with the timeline of our team anymore and we don’t want to pay him [I guess that's why it was widely reported that the Celtics wanted to re-sign him then, right?](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1140988265169936384) But by all means, let's just ignore facts when they don't support your narrative. That way you can claim to be a victim without having to worry if it's true or not.
You can always try to force your way out of a situation if you want to, just look at Kristaps Porzingis.
Hayward was coming off a catastrophic injury, so Ainge would have been a fool if he just counted on him being fully himself again this year. Again, they could have traded Jaylen Brown for Kawhi and added him to the Hayward, Horford, Kyrie and Tatum core, but nope, he was too caught up in those hyped up headlines about JB.
Dirk never matched up with Shaq on either end. Go look at those Mavs rosters and look who was playing center for them. It was guys like Shawn Bradley and Erick Dampier. It was *never* Dirk. When the Mavs went against the Lakers he was matching up with guys like Robert Horry and Horace Grant (or Udonis Haslem when Shaq was in Miami).
Steven Adams is [listed as weighing 250 pounds](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven_Adams) (which seems light to me, I'd have guessed more like 270, but w/e). Shaq, meanwhile, probably weighed about 350 when he was with the Lakers (or at least 320). Shaq would just have a *huge* size and power advantage against anyone in the league nowadays. The NBA now prioritizes big men who are mobile or skilled as opposed to just being as big as possible like many bigmen were back then (even though many of them were lumbering stiffs as a result of their size). Shaq was just that almost unique combination of being gigantic in size and heft while also being incredibly athletic and quick. He was a freak back then and he'd still be a freak today. Quite literally the only two players in NBA history that were freaks like that were Shaq and Wilt.
Just FYI, Aaron Mintz is also Paul George's agent and look how quickly PG changed his mind about going to the Lakers in less than a year. PG went from reportedly being "hell bent" on going to the Lakers to not even giving them a meeting a year later. What happened in the span of that year? The Lakers traded D'lo to Brooklyn and Magic trashed him on the way out of town, and then the Lakers treated another Mintz client, Julius Randle, like crap, eventually leading to Randle asking out. *Maybe* Mintz and Rob Pelinka have mended fences, but odds are better that this is just a leverage play by Mintz than D'lo actually wanting to back to the Lakers.
Actually it supposedly stemmed from a long running rivalry between Rob Pelinka and Aaron Mintz. I'm guessing Magic's negative comments about D'lo pissed him off, so maybe he'd be open to returning now that Magic and the coaching staff are all gone, I dunno.
I remember a story Jorge Sedano told once about meeting D'lo before he was drafted when ESPN was doing profiles on all the projected lottery picks that year. He said they asked everyone which teams they hoped drafted him and everyone said something like "it doesn't matter, I'll play anywhere" or "I'll play for whoever wants me." Everyone except D'lo, that is. That year the Lakers had the 2nd pick and the Knicks had the 4th pick, and according to Sedano, D'lo said he hoped he got picked by the Lakers or Knicks cause he wanted to be in LA or NY. That was 4 years ago so maybe his priorities have changed, but Sedano told that story on the radio and I didn't get the impression he was just making it up.
You forgot to mention that one of the only people left on the Lakers (Kuzma) is the guy Russell was traded for. Truly a strange timeline.
But Kyrie never wanted to go to Boston in the first place, and according to Jackie Macmullan he never liked living in Boston. He gave Cleveland a list of teams he wanted to be traded to and Boston wasn't on it. I think last fall when he made those comments about staying he felt like the Celtics were in a good position to contend with him as their best player and that's why he was OK with staying, but as the season went on he saw that was not the case and changed his mind. With AD, he already lives in LA and clearly likes it enough that he's spent the last year doing everything he can to get traded to the Lakers. It's pretty unthinkable that within a year he'll sour on it so bad that he'll just leave, especially if they sign a 3rd max player like that guy above was suggesting.
Luke Walton's coaching staff (and Byron Scott's before his) certainly did the young Lakers no favors with their development, that's for sure. But just like with Ingram and Lonzo, you could very easily see D'lo's potential when he played in LA. A real coaching staff totally unlocked D'lo though, as it may Ingram and Lonzo.
&gt; the broken relationship between Rick Fox and the Celtics Funny story about that, Fox was so upset with the Celtics that he signed a cheap deal with the Lakers and changed his number from 44 (as it had been in Boston) to 17 with the Lakers, saying he did so because he would win a title in LA before Boston was able to get their 17th title, and he was right (three times, in fact).
You must be from the Lake Havasu area.
If the Lakers get Kawhi do you really feel like it will validate Pelinka, like he's the architect who put it all together?
I'm sure you'd be just as pissed if Kawhi joined the Sixers because it would ruin the competitive balance of the league.
The only way the Lakers could sign all of those guys is if some or all of them took discounts to go back to LA, that's really the only way.
He did but that was more that NBA writers felt like he was lazy and wasn't putting in much effort that year than because his numbers just weren't there. That was 100% narrative-based cause sportswriters hated him that season.
Everyone a few months ago seemed to believe his report that KD had said the media atmosphere around LeBron was "toxic".
&gt; It was why Kyrie left Are we still operating like a decision Kyrie made is either a) a sound one, or b) one that we should expect other players to make? I think it's pretty clear by now that Kyrie is just a different dude and we should never assume other players think the same way he does.
&gt; it has been established that he isn’t interested in all media and glitz of being a Laker It has? When was this established? Just a year ago when Kawhi demanded a trade from the Clippers, he had Uncle Dennis text reporters directly and say that he wanted to be traded to LA with a preference for the Lakers, so I don't know where you got that idea.
So your feeling is, it doesn't matter what anyone says or does overall, you only pick and choose the thoughts and actions that fit your narrative and throw out everything else. Good to know.
A number of reporters flat out said they received the same text from Uncle Dennis following that meeting with Pop, which said Kawhi wanted to be traded to LA with a preference for the Lakers. That's where that report came from.
You're throwing out everything else Kyrie has done and said and are just focusing on one decision he made (for which he's never given a concrete reason for making it) and you're saying "this supports what I'm saying" like it's meaningful. I mean, let's ignore all the other crazy shit Kyrie has done, or the fact that he's now walking away from a team in which he has been the clear cut best player for the past two seasons and say that the reason he left LeBron is because he didn't want to be a sidekick. Even though the reports now are he's going to Brooklyn to join KD and again be a sidekick, let's just ignore that because it doesn't fit your narrative that Kawhi would never want to be teammates with LeBron because he's too good of a player. Let's also ignore the numerous reports that Kyrie wanted to leave Cleveland because he got wind that they'd been shopping him. Nope, all that matters to you is that you think Kyrie didn't want to play with someone who is as good as LeBron so clearly Kawhi won't want to either. Because Kawhi is every bit as much of an egomaniac as Kyrie is and all Kawhi wants is to "be the man". Sure.
Sure, [here you go:](https://www.expressnews.com/spurs-nation/article/Kawhi-and-the-Spurs-How-it-all-fell-apart-13094522.php) &gt; On June 15, Leonard’s representatives let it be known he would like to be moved anyway, with the Los Angeles Lakers as his preferred destination. This isn't secret information, it was widely publicized at the time. I've heard numerous reporters flat out say that they got this same text from Uncle Dennis letting the press know what Kawhi wanted.
[Kawhi also said he doesn't care about being the best player, he just wants to be the best team.](https://www.thescore.com/nba/news/1777650) Kawhi on the Lakers would be the best team, the overwhelming title favorites, more so than him staying in Toronto or going to the Clippers. The only real downside is *maybe* he wouldn't be seen as the best player on the Lakers (although it's still very possible he would be), but Kawhi has gone on the record as saying he doesn't care about that.
People believed the overall narrative that Bucher reported with that whole article though, not just the KD quote. They believed him when he painted this picture of a league in which nobody wants to play with LeBron, and they mainly focused on KD saying the way the media treats LeBron is toxic.
They do, yes. Ballmer pays annual rent to AEG (minority owners of the Lakers) as they own Staples Center.
Don't take Laker fans' words for it, [let a Celtics fan explain it to you.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/c38tre/oc_explaining_the_laker_salary_cap_situation_and/) Your being in denial doesn't alter reality. Sorry.
It does actually, as it was built for both the Kings and the Lakers. It was built with the idea of moving both franchises from the Forum (where both played before Staples) into a new building. It was not just built with the idea of the Kings alone moving into it.
https://www.slamonline.com/archives/clippers-owner-steve-ballmer-weve-kicking-lakers-ass/
The reality is the Raptors pitch involves telling Kawhi to come back and win again, the Lakers pitch involves telling Kawhi to come join LeBron and AD and be the title favorites, and the Clippers pitch involves... Honestly I'm not sure. "Come here and help us make our first conference finals" maybe?
&gt; Gallo has removed all Clippers related stuff from his Twitter bio Definitive proof if ever I've seen it! ESPN should hire you, my good man, you've got all the scoops!
I think that reports from months ago about what Kawhi may have been thinking last summer are questionable at best, especially since the Lakers just traded for AD a week ago (three months ago it seemed like most people thought the Lakers wouldn't get AD). A lot has happened in the last three months. The Raptors won the title, the Lakers got AD, KD tore his Achilles, Klay tore his ACL, Kyrie has definitively divorced the Celtics, etc. I'm not saying Kawhi is guaranteed to join the Lakers, because it sure sounds like nobody knows what he's thinking. All I'm saying is logically it makes a lot more sense for him to join the Lakers than the Clippers.
Just look at all those bad contracts on the Lakers: LeBron - $37 million AD - $27 million Kuzma - $1.9 million What a mess.
&gt; I like basically everything else he has to say/produce Everything else he has to say and produce is just more of what you're talking about, you just don't mind it because it's not about your team, but it all boils down to stupid hypothetical trades which in some way end up helping Boston or hurting one of their rivals. It only hits home with you that he's doing that when the Blazers get dragged into his hypothetical bullshit, but that's what he's doing all the time.
&gt; those were picks 17, 33, 16, and 23 Danny Ainge is the master at accumulating a whole bunch of picks like that in one draft rather than flipping them for someone useful.
&gt; you won't dump those players without dumping Kuz lol, you really think dumping three young players on expiring contracts equivalent to the minimum would require attaching an asset like Kuzma? You're dreaming. Most teams would be happy to just accept guys like that into their cap space and see how they do for a year. You really gotta take off those hater glasses, they are severely impacting your ability to see things with any degree of clarity lol
I suggest you read through the comments in this thread and take note of all the Celtics fans defending her as not being a homer if you really think it's well known and accepted that she's a hard core Celtics homer.
How likely is it? That depends on if Kawhi wants to join the Lakers or not. If he does, then it's 100% possible that the Lakers can clear the requisite cap space to sign him to a max (or very nearly a max, depending on what the final cap number is). So in other words the only thing really standing in the way of LeBron, Kawhi and AD all being on the Lakers next season is basically whether Kawhi wants to go there or not, but that's it.
The cap outpaces those too, so again, if the cap is $110 million instead of the projected $109 million then open roster spot cap holds go up from $897K to only $905K, so the Lakers' cap holds for empty roster spots would only go up from to $3.59 million to $3.62 million. Meaning that the cap space would go from $32.54 to $33.51 million with Kawhi's max going from $32.7 million to $33 million.
Again, who are you referring to? Are you under the impression that the only reason Paul George chose the Thunder last summer was because the Lakers couldn't move contracts to sign him? Because if so, you're incorrect. The Lakers didn't even need to "move" any contracts to sign both PG and LeBron, they just would have had to renounce Julius Randle, which they did anyway. The Lakers didn't attempt to nor have any need to move any players last summer. I'm not even sure what you're talking about.
Again, it's $4.89 million for three young players. Not $10 million. The Lakers can also include the $4.89 million in cash to pay for their salaries if whomever they trade them to wants to just waive them (or have them play for free). It's a done deal. I'm sorry for your loss.
At this point the Lakers mainly just need guys to fill out the roster for the regular season. Come playoff time it wouldn't really matter as Korver might not even be part of that rotation.
https://deadspin.com/how-the-nba-flushed-out-the-exec-leaking-memos-to-adria-1672199058
Do a lot of people outside of California not really understand how big it is and thus end up assuming because LA and the Bay area are both in California that they must be pretty close to each other?
https://twitter.com/EricPincus/status/1143967225079988224
Also, these same people saying Kawhi would never want to take a back seat are the same people who will talk about how much LeBron coasts during the regular season and doesn't give his all. It's like, if LeBron is coasting then that would sure give Kawhi ample opportunity to be the #1 scoring option.
That's absolutely untrue, he was known as Air Jordan from pretty much the moment he came into the NBA. His Air Jordan Nikes were wildly popular right from the get go and had a [huge marketing campaign behind them.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyNf9khqx1w)
They haven't won though. Hell, they've never even been past the 2nd round lol
&gt; Like why stop at Woj? Who says Ballmer only stopped at Woj? He hired Lee Jenkins and Jenkins probably provided him with a list of reporters he thought would be open to taking money to push pro-Clipper narratives. [Woj has a well-documented history of taking bribes to push narratives already](https://deadspin.com/how-the-nba-flushed-out-the-exec-leaking-memos-to-adria-1672199058) so it wouldn't be surprising if he was targeted and accepted. Maybe most other reporters weren't interested in such things, who knows?
&gt; I don't believe that will matter This is 100% your opinion. [The Clippers made a pretty over the top insane pitch to Blake Griffin just two years ago,](https://uproxx.com/dimemag/blake-griffin-trade-detroit-pistons-los-angeles-clippers-free-agent-pitch/2/) which included [a fake ceremony in which they retired his jersey as "a lifelong Clipper"](https://twitter.com/ByLeeJenkins/status/958127071657644032) and which included Tshirts made up that had Blake's likeness alongside such historical figures as [Abraham Lincoln, Gandhi, Nelson Mandela, Martin Luther King Jr., Barack Obama, Einstein and JFK.](https://twitter.com/MarcJSpearsESPN/status/881202410907029504) Then a couple months later after he signed, they traded him to Detroit (a place Blake hadn't exactly expressed an interest in going to). To just dismiss this as something a person wouldn't consider before committing their future and the rest of the prime of their career to the same people who did that to someone who had been the face of the franchise for 9 years, well I think that's looking at things through *very* rosy glasses. I mean, if you were handing over the ability to be sent anywhere in the league to someone, wouldn't you factor that in? [Anthony Davis evidently factored that type of ruthless asset management in when he said he absolutely didn't want to play for Danny Ainge and the Celtics](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2818840-anthony-davis-father-rips-celtics-for-no-loyalty-with-isaiah-thomas), so why wouldn't other players do the same thing with another similar organization?
Apparently you're the kind of person where when you see a comment that disagrees with your narrative, but one you can't actually refute, you decide to attack the person saying it rather than try to dispute what they're saying. An ad hominem attack doesn't change what I'm saying. I'm guessing if you had an actual rebuttal you'd have given one rather than pathetically digging through my comment history and then calling me names. I'm sorry you're so bitter, good day.
&gt; Spurs can offer at least the 20% raise, so $12M ish starting Actually for having been with the Spurs for two years already they have early Bird rights on him, which means they can offer him a 75% raise, which would be roughly $17-18 million. I'm guessing they won't go that high though, but you never know.
That is 100% true. A lot of people around here were really posturing like the Lakers were so incompetent that they were unclear about how cap space works.
The 2011 Heat didn't have anyone anywhere near as good as Kuzma as their 4th best player. Also, LeBron, Wade and Bosh weren't as good of a trio as LeBron, AD and Kawhi would be.
Agreed, Kawhi on the Lakers with AD and LeBron would definitely take down Giannis and the Bucks.
I dunno, it seems like a lot of Spurs players in general have just done that for decades now, not just the ones drafted by the Spurs. There are a couple who have bucked that trend in recent years (Kawhi, Parker and Simmons), but I guess I'm just used to Spurs players not being real free agents even if they actually hit free agency.
Fine, let's go with what you're saying and assume LeBron is really running the Lakers. Do you think he'd be incapable of adding a 3rd star? He did it in Miami and in Cleveland already...
They wouldn't have the MLE, but they'd have the Room exception and vet mins.
Dude, come on, just because Kemba is listed as 6'1 doesn't mean that's his real height lol Just look at the guy, there's no chance he's even 6' tall.
Honestly people were acting like the Lakers trading Wagner, Bonga and Jones and getting nothing back was like this impossible feat for some reason. Those players are all 24 or younger, all are on contracts which expire next summer (if that's what the Wizards want), and *combined* only make $4.9 million this year. Not exactly toxic contracts the Lakers had to move. Lots of teams will take young cheap players if they're being *given* away.
Shit, I'll say it right now, Kawhi is the plan. Save this comment if you want, cause if the Lakers only get 3 role players instead I'm gonna be worried. Not about this year so much, but about all the draft capital the Lakers gave up for AD. This is really the last chance the Lakers are going to have to get another star player, and as LeBron ages, they're gonna need that 3rd star player. If it's not Kawhi, then it better be Kyrie, Butler, Kemba or D'lo, but they're gonna need someone else. I don't *know* that Kawhi is coming to the Lakers, or even if he's really considering them, cause honestly who the hell knows what that guy wants or what his priorities are. I'm just not stupid enough to pretend that I do know those things and that whatever they are, they rule out the Lakers. Kawhi has said in the past he wants to play in LA, and the Lakers are in LA with a max slot and they offer the best chance at a title, so I would assume he'd at least consider them. But I'm not gonna say I know where he will or won't go and neither should anybody else.
From the Clippers' free agency pitch to Kevin Durant.
He's absolutely allowed to have meetings with the Raptors, why wouldn't he be? It's not tampering to meet with a player you have under contract, and Kawhi is still under contract with Toronto until June 30th. If he wanted to announce he was re-signing with the Raptors he could do it right now today and then just sign the actual new deal on June 30th. You're kidding yourself if you think something is preventing Kawhi from just announcing to everyone that he plans to re-sign.
You'd be able to stagger those three throughout the game well enough that you'd have at least two of them out there for almost the entire game. A team with AD and Kawhi or LeBron and AD, or Kawhi and LeBron plus Kuzma and two other role players would still be better than almost any other team in the league.
There isn't. Woj and Bobby Marks both tweeted on draft night that this was always part of the initial agreement.
It depends on who the minimum guys are though. It's dismissive to just say that if the Lakers sign Kawhi that nobody of any value will want to sign with them for cheap. For instance, the Lakers will have full Bird rights on both KCP and Reggie Bullock in 2020 if those guys sign *any* kind of contract with the Lakers this year. So if they take vet minimum deals this year, then next year the Lakers will be able to give them above market value contracts even if they exceed the cap to do so. There's also reports that Kyle Korver could go to the Lakers for the minimum if he's bought out, and that former Pelinka client Trevor Ariza could go back to LA for a minimum. There's reports that Klutch clients might take discounts to go to the Lakers, players like Nerlens Noel, JR Smith or maybe even one of the Morris twins. Javale McGee might come back for a minimum again. Then there's always buyout candidates (like Aron Baynes whenever the Suns finally buy him out). To just assume it'll be LeBron, Kawhi, AD, Kuzma and a bunch of guys you've never heard of is silly. But even if so, that's still 4 players that can be rotated so that there's at least two of them on the floor the whole time. I think you hoping that a Lakers team with those 4 players on it won't work is just blind reaching on your part, like you're trying to speak it into existence lol
The guy you're replying to has also been going around for weeks talking about how the Lakers would never get max cap space, how Kawhi would never consider the Lakers, etc. Now all of a sudden today he's going around like he never did any of that shit, nor that Woj did and that this whole thing is a made up narrative by Laker fans lol
&gt; how are the lakers better positioned to win? **Yeah they have AD and Lebron** That's how.
No word yet on whether Derek Fisher would give Kawhi his blessing to wear #2.
If Kawhi goes to the Lakers we'll know one thing for sure: Toronto probably isn't going to get a Christmas Day game next season.
"Let's not forget that Kawhi is only one year removed from basically missing the whole season. That money was totally wasted on him. Meanwhile I'm super happy the Celtics gave Kemba the full max."
What due diligence if he's already made up his mind? If he's taking meetings with other teams that means he's open to a new situation. I mean, if he really was 100% committed to the Raptors he wouldn't even need to meet with anyone else or wait, he could just announce today that he plans to re-sign with the Raptors on Sunday. Why the delay and why the extra meetings if his mind is already made up?
Do you want the Kings to max Tobias?
There were lots of threads about the Lakers clearing space and that guy was all over them ranting about how it was impossible, so I just began recognizing him as a result. Honestly before the AD trade I'd never noticed him at all before.
&gt; If he's going to LA, I honestly think it's purely because LA is his home, rather than anything having to do with branding or celebrity. If that were true why did he say a year ago that he preferred the Lakers over the Clippers? Also, I doubt it's because he craves the spotlight, but there's considerably more money to be made as a top tier marketable player than there is as someone only basketball purists know.
https://twitter.com/aaronbruski/status/749102657730547712?s=19
Why would LeBron offer his number in exchange for more cap space unless he knew it was going to be used on someone? LeBron *has* been recruiting Kawhi for quite some time now..
I think if anyone is rooting for the Lakers it's the league office (who once famously said their dream Finals matchup was "the Lakers versus the Lakers"). Did you just start watching basketball?
If the Rockets could sign Danny Green, Terrance Ross and Seth Curry or they could sign Kawhi, you're telling me you'd take the three shooters?
That was in 2003. In 2001-2002 they had the Lakers at 0-4.
They do? Who else has? Honestly I don't even have memories of any players taking meetings in one place other than KD in the Hamptons, but maybe where players take their meetings isn't a detail I tend to remember for some reason.
&gt; I think Kawhi + the Clippers beat the current Lakers in 5 Sure, because the current Lakers haven't yet had free agency with which to fill out the rest of their roster. If Kawhi chooses the Clippers then the Lakers will still have $32+ million in cap space to fill the rest of their roster out.
Why would he leave a Raps team where he's already won a title as the alpha and go join the Clips? If he goes to the Lakers at least that'll pretty much guarantee him another championship, but if he goes to the Clippers he'd almost surely face a smaller chance of being back in the Finals next year than he would by staying in Toronto.
Yeah, June 15th of last year [Uncle Dennis directly texted a bunch of reporters](https://www.expressnews.com/spurs-nation/article/Kawhi-and-the-Spurs-How-it-all-fell-apart-13094522.php) and told them [Kawhi wanted to be traded to LA, with a preference for the Lakers.](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1007676505562984450?lang=en) Two days later Kawhi met with Pop to discuss it, but Pop came away from that meeting finally deciding to listen to trade offers from other teams. If Kawhi just wants to go wherever he thinks he can win it would be tough to argue against the Lakers as his final choice, as with him they'd have 3 of the 6 best players in the league all on the same team. In a game where you can only play 5 players at the same time, that's gonna be tough for any opponent to overcome.
Look at your comment above: &gt; PG said wherever he went was just going to be a rental and he was going to sign with the Lakers in the offseason. You were asked if PG himself ever said that and you said he did, then posted an article where PG said he told the Pacers he wouldn't re-sign with them and would probably sign with the Lakers as a free agent. That's totally different than PG announcing that anyone who traded for him would just be getting a rental. You're making that leap on your own.
There's 40 million people in California alone and 10 times as many people in the US as there are in Canada. Look at all the "no shit" comments in this thread. It's not a secret that if Kawhi joins the Lakers his profile as a marketable player will jump tremendously. Will he be as popular in Canada still? No. But will he get enough fans in the US to make up for that dropoff in Canada? Absolutely yes.
I feel like nephew is your favorite word, you seem to call everyone who disagrees with you a nephew. The fact is you're arguing against an incredibly obvious truth, and you're pissed off that people are disagreeing with you. Canada doesn't have a huge population, either in Canada or across the rest of the globe, and the Raptors are nowhere near as globally recognized as a brand as the Lakers are. These facts seem to piss you off and make you lash out at everyone who states them. I don't know what to tell you man, California alone has more people living in it than there are Canadians on earth, and the US has 300 million people who don't live in California. I'm sorry that the facts are so upsetting to you, but a "nephew" is not someone who just speaks obvious truths. If anything a nephew is someone who rages in the face of them despite how obviously wrong he is.
It's not semantics though, it's two totally different statements. He told the Pacers he wouldn't re-sign with them. That's completely different than telling every other team he won't re-sign with them either. You can't just conflate the two because it fits your narrative.
Those guys aren't stars of the caliber that Shawn Bradley and Muggsy Bogues were in the original Space Jam though /s
&gt; As soon as they sit in that meeting and say "we want you to play with LeBron and Anthony Davis" he's surely sold. [Photo of the Lakers' pitch meeting to Kawhi.](https://i.redd.it/bmu6wa8cqy631.jpg)
I mean, if you want to microanalyze the story, they offered him a free trip if he agreed to re-sign with the Raptors and he ended up paying for it instead, so what does that tell you? /s
Because he *wasn't* right. It wasn't like a totally out of nowhere thing that the Lakers made that trade with the Wizards, people were talking about that ever since the AD trade was first announced, and people even speculated months ago that that was why Jemerio Jones was signed to a non-guaranteed 2 year deal. Yet for whatever reason, Windhorst (and not just him either, btw, but also Woj and Rachel Nichols and many other reporters) has been acting like nope, all the Lakers would have was $23 million in cap space. Although actually, Windhorst has been saying repeatedly that they'd really only have $18 million in cap space because of Reggie Bullock's cap hold. In all honesty, as someone who's normally a fan of Windhorst's, I just felt like he's been acting intellectually dishonest for the last few weeks now. Him and many other reporters were just ignoring the fairly obvious truth that the Lakers could get to max cap space if they thought they could sign a 3rd star. They've been speaking like the Lakers are in trouble and screwed up when none of that was true. So yeah, now him coming out and reporting this seems like he's just flipped on the anti-Laker narrative he's been pushing for a while now, and IMO that makes him come off like a tool.
As a Clipper fan you were born in them, molded by them. The rest of us have merely adopted them from time to time.
Yeah, but it's only tampering if the Pelicans don't give the Lakers consent to talk to AD, which I think they pretty clearly have at this point.
Laker crowds have been chanting "We Want Tacos" for years lol
I'll be surprised if he gets more than 2 years and more than $3 million per year. His performance in the playoffs was *awful*, as the Clippers were only competitive once they benched him.
Are you prepared to hear it if he leaves?
Just go on a 3 day bender and wake up on Tuesday to find out how it all ended.
"It was known all along that Kawhi would go to the Lakers! That's where he demanded the Spurs trade him a year earlier. Who are these people who ever claimed he was going anywhere else? What a false narrative."
Nope, he'd be joining a team that just missed the playoffs for the 6th straight year.
Honestly there have been many debates where people argue that superteams or dynasties are actually *good* for sports, as people like to follow a familiar storyline year after year. Especially if the Lakers are such a team it will probably be hugely beneficial for the league, as their individual brand awareness helps raise the profile of the league in general. More fans worldwide who are familiar with the Lakers and either love them or hate them are more likely to pay more attention if they're consistently in the title hunt. Look how much press coverage the Lakers already get when they're not even any good. From 1980-1991 the Lakers made the Finals 9 times and this is often thought of as the Golden Era of the NBA and a period which helped save the NBA from the wasteland it had become in the 70s. When the Shaq-Kobe Lakers were three-peating, NBA commissioner David Stern was asked what his dream Finals matchup would be and he famously said "the Lakers versus the Lakers." The Lakers being a dynasty is almost part of the NBA's identity. Them dominating again would be good for the league, not bad. Even all the people who vehemently despise the Lakers will be front and center, taking it all in, rooting hard for whomever they are playing against. A lot of people may not like the Lakers but very few people are *indifferent* to them. The Lakers being good is healthy for the league and will raise the NBA's profile globally.
By coverage I mean worldwide, anywhere that the NBA is watched and discussed. The Lakers already get that kind of coverage even if they stink, but when they're legit title contenders the coverage just explodes for them. Kawhi being right at the center of that would be hugely beneficial for his brand in a way it simply can't be for any other team. &gt; Bulls are still riding the MJ high same goes for 76ers and AI The Bulls have been to the Finals 6 times. The Sixers have been there 9 times. The Raptors have been there once. **The Lakers have been there 31 times.** The brand awareness associated with the Lakers is unparalleled by any team in the NBA, and not just in the US, but *worldwide*. You're talking about how the Raptors might compare to Houston or Philly, but it's irrelevant when compared to the Lakers. Kawhi isn't thinking about going to Houston or Philly and weighing what those teams might do for his brand. He's thinking about joining the Lakers on what might be the most heavily covered team since either the Shaq and Kobe Lakers were or Jordan's Bulls. Toronto just can't compete with that.
The farther you get in the playoffs though, the more you're going to run into versatile teams that can effectively play small ball. How would Zubac have done against the Raptors if they had Siakam at the 4 and Ibaka at the 5? He'd have to chase one of those guys around the perimeter. Or what about the Lakers in the future with AD at center and LeBron or Kuzma at the 4? A traditional big is just not going to be part of playoff team's rotation if they're competing for titles. He'll help during the regular season and if you get a favorable matchup early in the playoffs, but he's not gonna be someone a team should really invest too much in, and that's why I doubt he gets much in free agency. Big men are a dime a dozen this summer.
It's the long con: if the Clippers strike out in free agency then they'll be that much closer to moving to Seattle.
I would guess LeBron probably feels that his legacy will be better served by more championships than it would be by breaking Kareem's record.
Lemme ask you this though: how soon will I see?
No, I know if they dump Gallinari and renounce everyone else they can create that space, I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy of Woj to make that assumption for the Clippers after he refused to even entertain the idea that the Lakers could easily create space as well.
Denver won't have a max slot next summer unless they renounce Jamal Murray's cap hold, which will be about $15 million.
I actually think the Clippers would probably take on Wiggins if they strike out in free agency. He's young so he'd line up with SGA, Shamet and Zubac, plus the Clippers could probably get a couple picks out of Minnesota for taking him on, and the Clippers have the space for him.
"It's not government, it's control."
Where are you at? Palm Springs? Needles? Baker? Trona?
A friend of mine who's a sheriff had to go out to Trona for a day as part of their recruiting for career day at the local HS, and while he was there he ended up talking to one of the teachers there. The teacher told him that Trona pays the 2nd highest of any public school in CA (because living there is so undesirable), and because the cost of living there is so low he got a 3 bedroom house for only $300 per month. Apparently the teacher lived there during the week and on the weekends and in the summer he had a home in LA on the beach he was paying off, and said he should be able to retire there by his early 40s lol
If he can do both I'm sure he will, but the guy I was responding to was making it seem like sacrificing scoring for championships would interfere with his pursuit of Kareem's scoring record.
Even if you believe all the stuff about Pelinka being someone you can't trust at all, that doesn't mean he's stupid. You don't get to where he is by being completely untrustworthy *and* incompetent. The fictional character he's most been compared to is Littlefinger, and while Littlefinger was 100% a snake in the grass, nobody would ever accuse him of being stupid. Pelinka may have fucked over Magic and the Lakers' young players and lied to everyone he's ever done business with, but he wouldn't then also just fuck himself over by not being fully aware of the moves he's making.
Just look at his flair. It helps his "Kawhi stays in Toronto" narrative if it's just a given that AD and LeBron will miss half of next season while Kawhi is counted on to carry the load himself if he goes to the Lakers. The truth, of course, is that AD has been pretty healthy the last 3 years (playing 75 games in each of the previous two seasons before NOLA made him sit games this past year), and LeBron is a cyborg, but even if all three of AD, LeBron and Kawhi say before the season starts that they're each only gonna play 60 games next year, the Lakers could plan it out so that at least two of them suit up for every game.
&gt; if you asked anyone how the Lakers would do it before the trade happened, they wouldn’t be able to say that it was so simple If you asked who, Woj? What you're saying is bullshit. There were *a lot* of people saying all the Lakers had to do was trade the expiring contracts of Wagner, Bonga and Jones to literally any team in the league and then they'd have the space. There were some obstinate people who said that such a trade would be tough to pull off, but they were wrong. Moving 3 under 24 players making a combined $4 million in salary, all on team controlled expiring contracts was never going to be tough to do. And in the end it was proved to be a very easy thing to pull off.
In your hypothetical scenario you're just writing in one of the Lakers' best players as being out injured though. Let's do the same with Toronto: what if Lowry or Siakam is out hurt for a month? How would the Raptors do in the games where Kawhi also sat out for load management? Would a Toronto team missing Kawhi and Siakam be able to beat a Laker team that still had one of LeBron or AD (plus Kuzma)? I doubt it.
You're defending Woj for treating it like it was so impossible it wasn't even worth considering. That's what this whole comment chain was about. Even if Woj thought it was slightly more difficult than pitifully easy, he should have discussed it. But he didn't, he refused to. He was insistent the Lakers would only have $18-23 million in cap space this summer, even though I know for sure he knew how they could pull off the trade that they did. [So many people knew the Lakers could do that weeks ago](https://247sports.com/nba/mavericks/Article/EXCLUSIVE-Clever-puzzle-pieces-DO-give-Lakers-room-for-LeBron-Davis-AND-max-free-agent--132970888/), yet Woj stubbornly refused to even entertain the idea. Why? I know he's your boy and says all the nice things about your team, but if you stop stubbornly and blindly defending him you'll see that it looks fishy in hindsight.
[Your original comment to me in this whole chain](https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/c70cfo/wojnarowski_reporting_w_ramonashelburne_kevin/esd0eey/) was you responding to me criticizing Woj for not being honest in his reporting of the Lakers and you defending him by saying the path to the Lakers getting max cap room was too complicated for him to understand. You're not being honest, I'm done discussing this with you. Goodbye.
Sure, Siakam missed games last season. Two whole games. That must have really fucked with the Raptors' load management plan for Kawhi lol This shit about the Raptors only being fully healthy for 3 games is total nonsense: that's only if you include guys at the end of the bench being hurt. I went and looked it up: Kawhi played in *every single game* that Lowry sat out this year. In fact all year long there were only two games in which the Raptors did not have at least two of Kawhi, Lowry and Siakam suit up and play: [a loss against Denver](https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/201812160DEN.html) when Lowry and Siakam were out, and [a win against Chicago](https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/201903300CHI.html) when Siakam and Kawhi were out and the Bulls were in tank mode in the last two weeks of the season. So don't give me this crap that the Raptors have already proved they can handle it if Siakam or Lowry goes out for a month or two while Kawhi continues to load manage, cause it's absolute bullshit. They proved they can beat a tanking team, but otherwise they haven't proved shit as far as this claim you're making.
Because Jordan is much more well known than Mitch Kupchak is, so talking about it like these are all Jordan's decisions makes for better headlines. But let's not forget that Kupchak is the guy who gave Luol Deng, Timofey Mozgov and Jordan Clarkson each 4 year fully guaranteed deals for $72 million, $64 million and $50 million in the same week three years ago. If anyone should be viewed with a little skepticism, it's him.
/r/clippers lol
And in reality I doubt Kawhi signs for that long no matter which team he chooses. Odds are he'll do a 2+1 whether it's in LA or Toronto, just so he can opt out and sign a new deal starting at 35% of the cap in 2021 as a 10 year vet. If he does that, here's what his salary would look like over the next three years: Year | Raptors | Clippers | Lakers ---|---|----|---- 2019-2020 | $32.742m | $32.742m | $32.155m 2020-2021 | $35.361m | $34.379m | $33.762m 2021-2022 | $42.35m | $42.35m | $42.35m **Total** | **$110.453m** | **$109.471m** | **$108.267m**
Yeah I don't think this is coming from either Kawhi or the Clippers, I think this is about Jimmy Butler trying to pressure the Sixers into giving him a sign and trade to Miami or Houston, and he's threatening to just go sign with the Clippers as a free agent (so Philly gets nothing for him) if they don't give in to his demands. Jimmy was always very clear that he wanted the full 5 year max this summer and only Philly can offer him that.
My guess is this is all a leverage play by Butler to try to get him signed and traded to the Heat, the OP even points out how this guy was "wishing Butler went to the Heat." It's long been known that Butler's main goal was getting a 5 year max deal, and only Philly can offer him that right now. I think he's putting this Clippers stuff out there to scare the Sixers into just getting stuff in return from Miami for him rather than simply losing him outright. If Philly thinks Butler is just gonna walk they'd probably prefer to get whatever they can from Miami for him.
If Jimmy ends up on the Nets (and I don't think he will, but w/e), let's just appreciate how much faith the Nets have in the strong culture they have there. To add both Kyrie Irving *and* Jimmy Butler to your locker room chemistry in the same summer takes huge fucking balls. That's like saying you don't think *anything* can rock the boat with your squad.
Ask Mike D'Antoni.
I dunno, that's a fair amount of money for Memphis to be investing in a traditional big. Considering how many super cheap center options there are gonna be out there this summer I think that might actually be an overpay. What kind of money would JV get on the open market? Is anyone else offering him anything like that?
It amazes me that he still hasn't been offered a job in the league since that happened. I've always been fascinated to see what he could do if he started from a standpoint of a team that already had a good amount going for them. What he built in Philly from a starting point of a team that had so little to work with is nothing short of miraculous, IMO.
I'll give you a real answer here if you're genuinely asking (and if we also assume Philly is *not* going to offer either player the 5 year max, **which is an unwise assumption right now as we don't really know that for sure**). I think what happened was a couple things: 1. The Sixers had max cap space last summer coming off a very promising season with two of the best young players in the NBA, and yet in free agency neither LeBron nor Paul George even considered them. The Sixers would have again had max cap space this summer if they'd just stood pat, but I believe they took a lesson from last summer, and that lesson is this: they can't rely on free agency to get star players, no matter how good the situation looks. As a result... 2. The Sixers traded for Jimmy Butler, figuring it gave them the inside track to re-sign him this summer, and assuming they probably wouldn't get any other stars anyway. However... 3. The Butler fit wasn't great at first in Philly, and the Sixers began to wonder if Butler was really going to be worth a full 5 year max this summer. They may also have begun to wonder if Jimmy even wanted to stay in Philly. This led to... 4. The Sixers trading for Tobias, figuring at his age he'd be a much safer bet for a 5 year max, and he'd be good insurance if they couldn't (or didn't want to) re-sign Butler. But then the playoffs happened, and... 5. Butler proved he's *much* more worthy of a 5 year max than Tobias is. So this left the Sixers in a bit of a dilemma: should they pay both players when it's pretty clear at least one of them isn't worth all that money and the other one might be a worry about how he'll look at the end of that deal on gigantic money. So now the Sixers don't know what to do. I think if Philly could go back and do it all over they probably would not have made the Tobias trade and would have just steeled themselves for paying Butler the full 5 year max this summer. I think they got cold feet on that and Tobias was supposed to be the backup plan, but instead trading for him was essentially doubling down on a decision (Butler) they were already having second thoughts about. Their best bet now is probably to do a sign and trade with Butler and hope that Tobias is willing to take less to stay than other teams will probably throw at him. I guess we'll see what happens.
More importantly (if Kawhi doesn't in fact choose the Clippers), the Clippers had a chance to tank and keep a lottery pick this year but decided that making the playoffs would help their sales pitch to Kawhi, and in doing so lost their 1st round pick entirely to the Celtics. If it really turns out that the Clippers threw away a lottery pick only to lose out anyway, that's pretty bad.
He would have been a good fit next to Porzingis. Not so sure now though.
I'll bet there's a few strip club owners/dancers across the country who are plenty fond of him.
Why is it that Rockets fans seem to think that Harden is the only one out there who's flopping or trying to hunt for foul calls? This is a league-wide issue and has been going on since well before Harden was ever in the league. Harden is maybe the best or most proficient at it, but he's far from the only one doing this shit.
Are there major American cities that *don't* have a bad homeless problem nowadays?
If Tillman sticks around that long y'all may find out what that's like.
That's part of it, but when you combine that with a pretty toxic fanbase like Philly's it makes people really bring out the knives when they stumble, just like the Celtics last year.
I'm not a Rockets fan, but it sucks that any teams in the league have shitty owners. I wish there was a way to force guys like Dolan out, or so Tillman would feel some pressure to make competitive moves rather than just cost effective ones.
If he was on the Clippers would he even be part of their starting or closing lineups? Right now their 5 best players are Kawhi, PG, Lou, Bev and Trez. Which one is Collison replacing? He'd give them some good playmaking if they were gonna slot him in ahead of Lou, Bev or Shamet, but the Clippers already have a pretty crowded backcourt so I'm not sure how much he'd even get used there. Maybe if he signed there and then the Clippers traded one of those other guys for a big or something? On the Lakers, they have a bunch of point guards, but none of them are that great. Collison would probably start and finish games for the Lakers and would be counted on to run the offense a lot of the time (anytime LeBron is out and even a bunch of the time he's in the game, the way Rondo currently does). Collison would have a bigger role on the Lakers and he'd get paid marginally more as well (due to the DPE they got from Boogie's injury).
What you're saying applies to the Lakers as well though, and probably even moreso. Collison would start and finish games for the Lakers, whereas I doubt he'd do either for the Clippers. The Clippers *do* need playmaking, but are they gonna prioritize that over Lou's scoring or Beverley's defense? I doubt it. With the Lakers there's no question what Collison's role would be: starting, closing and primary point guard.
The Clippers basically have a three guard rotation right now of Bev, Lou and Shamet. Collison would provide playmaking, but the minutes of some or all of those other guys would have to go down to make room for him. And I'm guessing Collison wouldn't start or finish games for the Clippers, as the Clippers best lineup currently is Kawhi, PG, Trez, Lou and Bev. Who is Collison replacing in that lineup? Is his playmaking more valuable than Lou's scoring or Bev's defense? Collison would give the Clippers more depth, no doubt. But on the Lakers he'd have a bonafide starter's role and would be part of their crunch time, closing lineup. He'd have a bigger role on the Lakers, no question.
That was a stupid move back then and that GM is no longer in charge there (probably because of stupid moves like that one). If the Grizzlies can't trade Igoudala and he's still on the roster after the trade deadline then they simply have to buy him out. To decide instead to just pay him his full salary while wasting a roster spot on a guy who won't play would be hilariously stupid. If Igoudala's still there on February 7th, Memphis will have a chance to get paid a few million dollars to open up a roster spot. They'd be morons to pass that up.
&gt; We have literally nothing to lose. Not now the Grizzlies don't, and they're smart to explore every avenue to see if they can get any other asset for him. But if he's still there once the trade deadline passes then Memphis will have no more use for him and should buy him out. To keep him at that point would essentially be them saying that rather than saving money to open up a roster spot to give some young player a look, they'd rather waste a few million dollars and a roster spot on a player who will never play for them. If they do that, they'll be a laughingstock.
Donaghy didn't ref in any of the 2002 WCF games, just FYI.
What's their best lineup then? Does it feature a glaring hole in the backcourt that Collison would fill?
Yep. It's really absurd that for all the talk about trying to eradicate flopping there is currently no rule or punishment during the games if the refs think a player flopped. All the refs can do if they think someone flopped is just not blow the whistle at all and let play continue and then hope the league looks at it the next day. If you want flopping to stop happening, then allow the refs to issue penalties for when they think a player has flopped.
Lots of players do that, players are taught on drives to initiate contact with a defender by hitting them in the chest with their shoulder because it takes away the defender's leverage to contest a shot. Maybe it's just more obvious when LeBron does it because he's so big and strong, but in the last Lakers-Mavs game even JJ Barea did that to Anthony Davis to prevent AD from being able to block his shot.
The trade would have to wait until next summer since Simmons' salary doesn't rise to the level where it could match Kemba's until then.
I was surprised none of the following plays from the Lakers in 2010 made this list: [Artest buzzer beater in G5 of the 2010 WCF](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4seP2wD_K4) [Kobe insane double pump dagger in G6 of the 2010 WCF](https://youtu.be/pMaXCsDhCS4?t=187) [Artest dagger in G7 of the 2010 Finals](https://youtu.be/uqf13CnVVSo?t=528)
&gt; if he's starting with LeBron he would just be posted up at the three point line all day As a guy who led the league in 3-pt % two years ago at 46%, he'd be great doing that. Look, I dunno how to make it any clearer to you: * The Clippers need playmaking, but Collison wouldn't start or finish games for them because they'd prioritize Lou and Bev. * The Lakers need *a starting point guard*, and hey, that's what Collison is. Oh yeah, also the Lakers could use a secondary ball handler/playmaker to play alongside LeBron (remember when the Cavs won a title with Kyrie filling that role?). The Lakers also need someone to run the offense when LeBron sits, as their offense is pretty bad when LeBron is off the floor. Look man, I get it, you're a Clipper fan so you'd love it if Collison preferred the Clippers, but the reality is Collison would have a bigger role on the Lakers than he would on the Clippers. He'll be aware of this before making his decision. If he wants to get paid less and play less, then he'll choose the Clippers. But otherwise...
It was especially boneheaded since Booker decided that was the perfect time to go 1 on 5 for a layup attempt.
Between his selections, thinking Tatum was great in last year's All Star game, and especially his closing remarks, are we sure Kareem wrote this and not Bill Walton? &gt; The best part of playing this What If game is that I can’t lose. Sure, over the comfort of domestic beer and salty bar nuts with an oldies station piping Bob Seger’s Night Moves on the sound system there might be some heated disagreements about my choices. Truly Walton-esque.
Oops, my bad lol
I guess it's always possible Ballmer could make an anonymous donation (with Collison's tacit understanding that he is doing so), and it wouldn't have to be $50 million, it could be like $5-$10 million or something. I feel like there have been some pretty obvious examples of cap circumvention in the past that the league hasn't done anything about. The most prominent one that I can think of was with the Spurs and [Manu Ginobili back in 2015.](https://www.spotrac.com/nba/san-antonio-spurs/manu-ginobili-2705/cash-earnings/) Ginobili was just coming off a 2 year $15 million deal, but the Spurs were looking to clear cap space to make LaMarcus Aldridge a max offer, so in addition to waiting to re-sign Kawhi (using his cap hold rather than his new max contract), the Spurs renounced Manu's rights and then Ginobili signed a strange 1+1 deal for the Room Exception at only $2.8 million. Then after signing LMA, the following summer Ginobili opted out and [signed a 1 year deal for $14 million,](https://i.imgur.com/yZtwJOe.png) which seemed to make him whole after taking such a drastic paycut for one season so the Spurs could get LMA. That would seem to be a pretty obvious case of cap circumvention, and yet there was never even an investigation. So if the Jehovah's Witnesses suddenly got a large anonymous cash donation and Collison signed with the Clippers, would there really be anything the league could do about it?
Makes the DPOY discussion more interesting? Less interesting? Who are the top candidates now? AD, Bam, Gobert?
I'm not a Sixers fan so I haven't followed this whole saga that closely, but has Simmons ever addressed this whole thing publicly? Do reporters ever ask him about this, and if so, what kind of responses does he give?
Yeah, the pretty obvious answer is "yes", especially if you're designating "the next couple years" as before they have to max Luka. I don't think the Mavs should go all in *this year*, but next summer or especially in the summer of 2021? Absolutely.
But Portland has no reason to trade any future assets away for a guy who will not be there next year. What does 4 months of Igoudala get them? They're better off keeping their pick (or whatever it would take to trade for Igoudala). This is why I really doubt anyone trades for Igoudala. The teams that could actually benefit from only 4 months of Igoudala don't have the disposable assets to trade to get him, and the teams who *do* have the assets have no real need for only four months of him.
I did that last year, but the $13 it cost for league pass was worth it for getting to watch games anytime I want to and being able to go back and watch any games I missed.
Somewhere between $1 and $2 million, and they get an extra roster spot as well. They literally get nothing by keeping him at that point, so that's an obvious choice.
Collison would definitely help the Clippers and would give them more depth, no question. But he'd play a much more vital role with the Lakers who have a gaping hole at starting point guard, which is the position that Collison plays. The Lakers can offer more money and a bigger role, and [it sounds like Collison has had issues with Doc in the past.](https://youtu.be/4HHl0MR6Wzo)
With the Clippers it's always kinda in flux as to who is running the offense, but Lou definitely does that for a significant part of the game. He, Bev and Shamet get almost all the guard minutes when those guys are healthy. Collison would push his way in there and get some playing time, but he'd be a bonus for them rather than really helping to fill some big hole they have. With the Lakers they have a huge hole that Collison can help fill. That's the main difference in the role he'd have with each team.
Cook is probably a better player than Rondo overall, but when LeBron isn't in there, the Lakers need somebody to run the offense, and that's not really in Cook's wheelhouse. At the very least, Rondo is definitely better at handling the ball while being pressured. The truth is that both players are not good at all for what the Lakers need out of a backup point guard. This is why they so desperately need Darren Collison.
Not conservative politically, conservative in what they're willing to reveal about themselves. Guarded, if you will, giving lots of pat answers like "both teams played hard" rather than saying anything that's actually interesting to hear. It's why people were so shocked and excited by that Jared Dudley earlier this week that people kept reposting excerpts from.
Is it because you're a Clipper fan and you just really want Collison on your team so badly that you're simply ignoring what I'm saying? The Clippers have point guards, they're named Pat Beverley and Lou Williams, and most people would say they're pretty good players. You're hung up on this "playmaking" distinction like that means that Bev and Lou can't play the point guard position, even though the Clippers *are* playing them there. The Lakers would gladly swap Rondo for Lou Williams, even though Lou doesn't have the "playmaking" that Rondo does. And if the Clippers simply added Rondo they wouldn't play him hardly at all, despite him being arguably the best "playmaker" on their roster. The Clippers *do* need additional playmaking, but they're not gonna sit better players just to make room for a guy who can make plays. It's kind of a problem for the Clippers that they're pretty well set at both the guard and forward spots and don't really have a great playmaker among them, but it is what it is. If the Clippers are gonna introduce a real playmaker there, then they're probably gonna do it by trading one of Beverley or Lou for a guard who is better than they are and who can also playmake. Collison is not better than those players, so even though he can playmake, he'd be behind them in the pecking order. You're talking about kicking Lou Williams out of the crunch time lineup when he's been one of the league's best crunch time scorers in recent years. You can't be serious about that. As a Clipper fan, how can you honestly think that's what Doc Rivers is thinking of doing? And again, you're completely ignoring just how bad the Lakers PG rotation is. You're being absurd by thinking the Lakers' PG situation is in any way comparable to the Clippers with Bev and Lou. The Lakers would *kill* to have those guys as their PGs right now. You tell me: as a Clipper fan would you rather the Clippers had Bradley and Rondo instead of Beverley and Lou? If the answer is no (and the answer *is* no), then that's why Collison would have a bigger role on the Lakers. The Clippers have better players playing Collison's position than the Lakers do. This really isn't rocket science, my dude.
He's by far the cheapest out of the three as well. Lonzo and Ingram were needed to be in the deal due to their salaries (although also you'd have to guess the Pels probably prioritized them over Kuzma as well).
I'll never understand when people like yourself so confidently will speak totally incorrectly about something that's so easy to look up and double check. Bill Russell never handed out the FMVP trophy until it was named after him in 2009. The first player who ever shook his hand upon receiving it was Kobe Bryant when the Lakers beat the Magic in the 2009 Finals. * [Here's Jordan receiving his 6th Finals MVP trophy in 1998, awarded to him by David Stern.](https://youtu.be/C6oGIQraRRI?t=9938) Bill Russell isn't there. * [Here's Paul Pierce winning the Finals MVP in 2008, awarded by David Stern.](https://youtu.be/pN-AbPrxve0?t=77) Bill Russell isn't there. * [Here's Kobe Bryant winning the Finals MVP in 2009,](https://youtu.be/UuIM5JA9ZKg?t=3) the first time ever since it's been named after Bill Russell, and Russell is there in Orlando to shake Kobe's hand and give him the award. This whole post of yours is bogus. Sorry.
&gt; He does this all the time and never gets called for it. You must not watch many Laker games. Dwight is averaging over 6 fouls per 36 minutes and over 8 fouls per 100 possessions. These are both career highs for Dwight, and both by rather large margins. Dwight gets called for *tons* of fouls lol
You're the one acting like it's Laker fans trying to invent drama. All I'm saying (and many other people here are saying) is this is coming from the mouth of one of the Clippers' players. This isn't being made up by Laker fans. The Clippers will probably be fine, but Montrezl Harrell seems to be hinting at locker room issues. That seems to irritate you, but it is what it is.
He's always been reported to be pretty closed off in general, even to his teammates.
I think Kawhi 100% has a chronic and degenerative knee injury which limits his ability to play and causes him significant discomfort. What I don't get is all the people who acknowledge this is the reality with Kawhi during the regular season then say he'll be the best player in the world and injury-free come playoff time. In the playoffs he can't load manage and in fact will be counted on to play more minutes under more intense situations. We saw last year that after two rounds of playing like that it caused him to injure his knee, so why his everyone acting like he'll be fine once we hit May? If Kawhi has a legit reason to be sitting out all these games due to a medical condition that will never go away, why are we just assuming that medical condition won't be an issue for him during the two months of the year when he's not allowed to rest at all?
I think everyone on the Raptors last season was walking on eggshells with Kawhi because they wanted him to re-sign. I dunno if that same dynamic is playing out with the Clippers.
It's easy to say the logical reaction is to say that everyone should be perfectly understanding of Kawhi's injury and have it not be an issue, but at the same time, you have to imagine a lot of the Clipper players from last year probably have a lot of pride in themselves and what they did last year and may not appreciate Kawhi coming in and resting half the year, while it's assumed that if they win everyone will give all credit to Kawhi alone (just like they did with the Raptors last year).
Shout out to that game against the Celtics.
Most of the people on here claiming to be Clipper fans either have screen names that are Toronto-related ([WelcometoKawasicPark](https://www.reddit.com/user/WelcomeToKawasicPark), [RapsareChamps_Suckit](https://www.reddit.com/user/RapsareChamps_Suckit) etc), or their screen names are only about 4 months old. Weird how they had nobody supporting them last year and now have a bunch supporting them this year. What a strange coincidence 🤔
I don't think the Lakers would consider expanding the deal to include Green for Ariza. I think it would just be Kuzma and Cook for Bogi, although from the sound of it the *Kings* would have to throw in more assets (picks probably) to make the Lakers want to do the deal. The reason is because even though Bogi is probably the better player, his contract situation is far less desirable than Kuzma's, which keeps Kuzma's trade value high. Kuzma is a wild card, but he also won't hit RFA until 2021, and when he does his cap hold will be less than $9 million. That gives the Kings a long time to give him a look before having to make any kind of decision on him, and it being a near certainty they'll be able to keep him. For the Lakers, however, if they make this trade they might lose Bogi in RFA this summer if some team out there makes him a huge PPP offer that the Lakers won't match (because they want to keep max cap space available for 2021).
Kuzma for Bogi would almost surely be good for the Lakers this year, but it's far from certain the Lakers would be able to keep Bogi beyond just this season. The Lakers are targeting 2021 when Giannis (et al.) becomes available and right now with Kuzma they'll have a max slot available that summer. With Bogi they very possibly (maybe even likely) would have him get a big offer in RFA that they can't match, and they'd lose him for nothing. Meanwhile, for the Kings they would prefer to not also have to match a huge offer for Bogi this summer, not after they just gave so much money to Barnes and Hield, so they probably would prefer instead to only have Kuzma's $3.5 million salary next year, and his incredibly low cap hold in the summer of 2021 to deal with. You can see where this trade would be both beneficial and risky for each of the two teams.
I think it's a pretty good bet LeBron is gonna opt out of that last year of his contract if the Lakers can get someone like Giannis. He could just re-sign with the Lakers using cap space after the Lakers sign Giannis. With Kuzma's cap hold and Deng's dead cap, that's under $15 million. Add in AD's max and that leaves the Lakers enough for a full max to Giannis (or whomever) and then LeBron can sign a 1+1 for whatever is left (should be around $25 million), and then the Lakers can use Bird rights to give him a one year $50 million max in 2022 to make up for the discount. If LeBron opts out and the Lakers are unable to sign anyone using the max in 2021, then they'd just use cap space to re-sign LeBron to a max or whatever contract they want, so there's no risk for LeBron opting out in 2021.
Bogi won't get a max, but he very possibly will get offered somewhere between $20-25 million per year. With Hield and Barnes already making over $20 million each, that means if the Kings keep Bogi they could be paying over $20 million to someone coming off the bench, which is not great for a team that's probably gonna be in the lottery this year. The alternative is Bogi just leaves in free agency and the Kings get nothing for him. At least if they get Kuzma they'll still have him to use as a trade chip this summer and next year before the deadline.
The most impressive part of KG's acting was he did not appear to be totally insane like he usually does. I mean, yes, he was obsessed with a rock thinking it gave him magical powers, but otherwise he seemed like a fairly normal human being. So I dunno if he was acting like a lunatic for his entire career when he's actually a normal person, or if he was acting like a normal person in Uncut Gems when he's actually the lunatic he's always appeared to be. Either way, that's some pretty good acting going on.
Exactly. His athletic abilities certainly had a lot to do with those DPOYs, but you only win those if you also have a pretty good understanding of how to play defense. Even if Dwight's athleticism isn't what it was in Orlando, he still has the knowledge of how to play good defense.
[The streets.](https://youtu.be/Wo2KB1dEDdk?t=401)
They're already locked into the Dame, CJ and Nurkic core for the rest of Dame's prime anyway. Might as well just add Love to it as well.
For this year you're probably right, but Bogi very possibly could be gone this summer if he gets an offer sheet in RFA that's big enough for the Lakers to not match due to wanting to maintain max cap space for 2021. RoCo doesn't carry that same risk, as he's signed to a reasonable deal for the next few years.
&gt; the alternative of it being a wolves leak makes just as little sense It makes a lot of sense, actually. He even says in the tweet that Minny is hoping to generate a bidding war for RoCo. Putting this out there helps get that started.
&gt; I think he also took a pay cut to play for the Lakers. He was one of the better Celtic players and then they surprisingly cut him and this really pissed him off. As a result he went to go sign three cheap one year deals for the Lakers until they could sign him for more money using his Bird rights and he changed his jersey number to 17 because he said he was gonna with a title with the Lakers before Boston ever won #17. And he was right, he got 3 of them before Boston ever won another championship.
Fox was far more reliable offensively though, could run an offense and was tough as nails. People forget how crucial Rick Fox was to those Shaq-Kobe Lakers, and how much his absence was felt during the 2004 Finals. [In Game 7 of the 2002 WCF](https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/200206020SAC.html) Fox finished the game with 13 points, 14 rebounds and 7 assists and was a +10 for the game. Fox was one of four separate Lakers to finish with double doubles in that game (Horry had 16,12 &amp; 5, Shaq had 35 &amp; 13 and Kobe had 30, 10 &amp; 7).
Y'all got blown out by the Bucks as well though...
You guys are both wrong. To be eligible for the supermax you need to still be on the team that you finished your rookie contract with. Usually this is the team that drafted you, but if you were traded while still on your rookie contract and are still with the team you were traded to then you can still qualify for that 5 year deal at 35% of the cap before becoming a 10 year vet (but only if you meet the other qualifications, which involve winning the MVP, DPOY or making an All NBA team). AD obviously is not on the team he finished his rookie contract with so he'll be ineligible for the supermax, but once he hits his 10th year in the league he'll be eligible for a 35% max from any team with the cap space to offer it to him. So odds are this summer he'll sign a 2+1 with the Lakers at 30% of the cap (the most per year he can get), and then in two years when he's a 10 year vet he'll opt out and sign a 5 year deal with the Lakers at 35% of the max.
That was unintentional though as the supermax didn't exist when Harden was traded. That was introduced in a later CBA.
OK then, Paul George and Kawhi Leonard are gonna be free agents soon.
People are always shitting on ESPN for their takes, but now we're going with that we don't care what they're saying, just please make sure they have attractive people on the air?
He'd have to get a doctor to say it's no longer medically safe to keep playing. If he just retires when the doctors say he's good to go then he'll have to forfeit the remainder of his contract.
Are you referring to when they dropped 142 on the Wolves last month when AD put up 50?
If he misses exactly 4 weeks that's 12 games missed.
The PF rotation for the next few games is gonna be Kuzma and Dudley while AD heals up.
&gt; at one point had a lead against the BEST TEAM IN THE WEST! Never forget that 6-4 lead the Knicks had. Super impressive run. ^^^^^Yes, ^^^^^I ^^^^^know ^^^^^you ^^^^^were ^^^^^kidding ^^^^^lol
He's put up pretty impressive numbers throughout his career for someone who's "never 100%".
Gotta maintain that 1 three point lead on Dwight.
Caruso will slowly spin his headband around to reveal a Superman logo on it.
[Here you go, pretty obvious flagrant 1.](https://www.espn.com/video/clip/_/id/28443848) EDIT: [gifv link](https://i.imgur.com/Mqz2lpa.gifv)
Boogie still has a chance to get back to being a good player (or at least better than a "scrub"). He's still fairly young, and even though I don't think he should play this year, people have come back from the injuries he's had and still been pretty productive players. He just needs to stay healthy is all.
This thread is a prime example lol It's been up for only 20 minutes and already there's like 100 comments. People give a shit about the Lakers, they're obsessed with them, even if that obsession manifests as intense dislike for them. People can't wait to talk about virtually anything having to do with the Lakers, good or bad.
Every account I've ever heard about Kuzma is that he's an incredibly dedicated worker. The guy missed the beginning of the season because he suffered a stress reaction in his foot due to overuse in the off-season. Ask anyone associated with or who covers the Lakers and they will tell you Kuzma's work ethic is legit. At the same time he's a guy who's gotten very little money as an NBA player due to his draft position. He's making less than Dwight Howard this year, and remember, Howard signed a non-guaranteed minimum contract last summer. Here's a few other guys on the Lakers roster who are making more than Kuzma is this year: [Jared Dudley, Rajon Rondo, Alex Caruso, Quinn Cook, Troy Daniels.](https://i.imgur.com/hxFeWDp.png) So Kuzma's supplementing that small salary by grabbing some extra opportunities for himself as well. You don't have to be a genius to know that one injury could end your career at any point, and Kuzma is still a good 18 months away from the first time he'll be eligible for any kind of real NBA money. Kuzma also must know he could be traded to a media blind spot at any point, so who knows how long he'll be able to ride this? It's not stupid or short-sighted for him to be trying to get some exposure now while he's LeBron's teammate on the Lakers. That's *smart*. Maybe we shouldn't all be so quick to judge the guy, yes?
If LeBron has an issue with Kuzma right now it's that Kuzma is taking his sweet time to get into the same groove he was in with the Lakers last year. LeBron ain't gonna want Kuzma traded over some petty BS, if he wants him traded it's cause his production hasn't been very good (or at least very consistent) this season, and LeBron probably feels like he doesn't have the years left to wait and be patient.
Yep. I never understand why so many people who claim to be sick of talking about the Lakers keep coming into Laker threads to talk about them. There's threads posted about every team in the league, but for some reason it's the Laker ones that always blow up, and often with many people who are not Laker fans who want to weigh in.
It's true. When the Lakers lose a game that's when this sub really starts to look like it's a Lakers sub: virtually every thread is about them and how they lost. So many trolls hiding under their bridges just camped out waiting for the next Laker loss or the next negative story about the Lakers lol
&gt; Probably the ~~most uncomfortable~~ funniest few minutes of the dunk contest ever. FTFY. If you watch [the full thing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Hjg8IXSzWk) the commentary from Chuck and Kenny is absolutely hilarious.
No, you can see he says ["that's a fucking foul, ho"](https://i.imgur.com/nCKM0ek.gifv) after he gets the first T. He clearly swears at the ref twice before the first T, but then he keeps going after the ref gives him one. He then calls him a "bitchass" after the second T and keeps talking to him as he's walking off the court.
ESPN reports on whatever is gonna get them ratings, not because they're Laker fans or something. Shit, much of their "reporting" on the Lakers is shit like this, which is stirring up drama or throwing shade at them. There are other popular franchises, but the Lakers are by far the most popular team, much more than any other team in the league is. It's the same thing here, it's why there's always so many Laker posts on this sub.
My favorite part was [when he walks past Tacko Fall](https://i.imgur.com/jpTwkxl.png) on his way off the court. Just one giant dude and a small dude standing next to each other lol
Let's say you're right and that's what he said: he's still swearing at the ref after he'd just received a technical for swearing at the ref. Not exactly Phi Beta Kappa. And that was clearly a flop, but I guess that's tough for you to see with your homer goggles on, so carry on.
&gt; House hasn't been playing well lately. Harden probably telling him that "Now listen Dan, you've been playing really poorly lately and I decided now is the right time to tell you about it."
Remember that what you're watching above is in slow motion, so his reaction seems a lot more delayed.
I think Russ is just better at playing through injuries, but the dude still has health issues. Keep in mind that he had arthroscopic knee surgery both before *and after* last season. It didn't cause him to miss games, but if you are looking for a possible reason for why his game has fallen off so much, that could be why.
[Zach Lowe and Kevin Arnovitz seemed to think the Wall's contract was the only one in the league that's worse than Westbrook's.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qY0yPFY_a4)
Where would Houston have been that year without Harden? Where would the Cavs have been without LeBron? Westbrook won the MVP that year because he averaged a triple double, that's really all it was. In the two years since then he's also averaged a triple double but hasn't been in MVP consideration in either of those years, so IMO it's pretty valid to question whether he really deserved the MVP that year as well.
If the Sixers eliminate the Bucks in the 2nd round it's gonna ruin a lot more than just Milwaukee's summer.
The problem with Embiid is it's consistent freak injuries.
Gerald Green had a decent career while missing half a finger.
https://i.imgur.com/xV5O2ps.gifv
Yep, and not just the Lakers either, it was the same thing with Phil's Bulls in the 90s. Obviously Jordan and Pippen did their thing, but role players like Steve Kerr and John Paxson hit championship-winning shots for them. So many players on those Bulls teams seemed like major contributors only to go to other teams on bigger contracts and then basically flame out. I remember as a Laker fan watching Phil coaching the Lakers and the fans would constantly be frustrated with some of the lineups he'd put out there, like "Why is this dude even playing? We could be blowing this team out if he just played the starters!" But that kind of stuff kept everyone engaged, and invariably some of those lesser known players would come up big eventually. A lot of people mocked Phil's locker room strategies (JVG famously calling him "Big Chief Triangle"), but team chemistry is a real thing and makes a huge difference. With guys like Jordan, Kobe and Shaq, you were probably always gonna get superstar performances out of them, but a lot of Phil's teams were as great as they were because they also had amazing contributions from those supporting casts.
Are they buyers though? They're gonna want to keep that 2021 cap space open in case Giannis is interested. I think they'd be interested in *some* help, but only if it doesn't come with a big pricetag beyond next season. Gasol very well may be looking for more than a one year deal this summer, and if so that may take Toronto out of the running to re-sign him. Dunno if Masai thinks it's worth it to just keep him this year and have him walk this summer.
That was it lol Thanks!
[Sidekick?](https://youtu.be/EMwALS4yEsc?t=24)
One of the problems is acting like it's only positive Laker minutiae that gets attention around here. Every silly thing about the Lakers gets endlessly discussed and dissected around here, both positive and negative. Like look how much traction Zach Lowe just saying the media discusses Kuzma too much has received. That's sure not positive press for the Lakers, but people have gone crazy over it, and it's not even due to anything Kuzma himself did. I think a lot of people probably feel like there's too much positive Laker stuff here, so whenever there's anything negative about them they feel like it's their responsibility to give it equal attention. But the end result is that practically *anything* related to the Lakers gets covered to death around here (and on ESPN, etc).
I would buy that if this sub was decidedly different than ESPN, but it's not. People upvote Laker related stuff around here so it rises to the top with the same ratio that ESPN brings up the Lakers on their various talk shows. I mean here were are on a Thursday night when TNT had two major matches on: Celtics - Sixers and OKC - Rockets (in Westbrook's 1st game back in OKC). And yet, here we are with one of the top threads on the sub being about the Lakers, who haven't played in two days.
I think the idea is that it would have been easier to move Chris Paul's contract. If this doesn't work out with Russell Westbrook then Houston is really screwed, because it will be impossible to move Russ, especially since Houston gave up all their first-round picks to get him. If it doesn't work with Westbrook then Houston is stuck, and in that case I would not be surprised if eventually James Harden asks for a trade.
Yep. The Lakers really only have two holes, but they're significant: they need a secondary ball handler to run the offense when LeBron sits (cause Rondo ain't it), and they need another big wing defender who can hit threes at a credible enough rate. Without those things they still could win it all, but it's gonna be *much* tougher to do.
If Memphis believed that 100% then they'd have already just bought him out. They've been pretty clear that they think he still has *some* trade value. That said, I agree with you and think he eventually ends up getting bought out anyway and this whole thing will have simply ended up costing Memphis more than half this year's salary for Igoudala just to have hung on to him this long.
He had to make a second trade to open up the cap space to make Kawhi a max offer, but that trade was such an easy one to make that it was never in doubt that he could do it. All he had to do was find literally anyone to simply take Mo Wagner, Isaac Bonga and Jemerio Jones for free, but the people who were pissed at the idea that the Lakers could land AD while simultaneously opening up a max cap slot wanted to believe that simply giving three young players away was gonna be impossible 😂 What can I say, some people around here let their hatred of the Lakers turn them into morons when confronted with simple logic.
The LeBron touchdown passes to AD every game for basically gimme baskets are truly breathtaking. They even do that after the other team scores, they just take it right out of the basket and LeBron throws a 70 foot pass to AD being guarded by someone much smaller than him and AD just jumps up, catches it, then gathers for a dunk or layup. It's incredibly easy points.
He didn't choke, he just couldn't do anything against Caruso's smothering defense.
Not just that, LeBron also has shifted his LeCoast game into just focusing on being a facilitator a lot of the time, just conserving energy by distributing the ball rather than driving it like he was doing tonight. Yes, it's easier for him to drive with the lane wide open like that, but he seems to realize when the bigs are in there and he can't drive like that, that rather than fight it he just shifts into cruise control and looks to set people up instead.
Exactly. Also, why burn out AD by making him bang with bigger guys all year long when he can save himself for the playoffs by letting Javale and Dwight do that? The Lakers have that AD at the 5 and LeBron at the 4 lineup any time they want it. No need to tip their hand to the rest of the league now. They're doing pretty great without that, but come playoff time, look out.
I mean, he only played 32 minutes tonight...
[Relevant.](https://streamable.com/hybma)
&gt; Hes not exactly injury prone I beg to differ. Even if you set aside his gruesome leg injury that caused him to miss a whole season, the dude has had no fewer than **four** major surgeries in the last 18 months. In addition to having both shoulders operated on, he also had one elbow and one knee operated on. If that doesn't qualify someone for being "injury prone" then what exactly is the standard?
They were discussing LeBron's hair and Jaylen said that lol
Yeah, Tatum is gonna lock down Embiid and Giannis, just you wait 😂
Well he started this off by saying above that he just now looked at the Lakers roster, so yeah, it's a combination of 2 &amp; 3: he doesn't watch the Lakers and doesn't know what he's talking about.
Seriously man. The headline shouldn't be about how the Clippers stepped up, it should be about how the Clippers needed to step up to grind out a tough fought, come from behind win at home against basically a G-League team.
The most amazing thing about this is the Clippers were down double digits in the 4th quarter at home against the Warrior's MASH unit of a squad lol
This whole thread is about how great it is that the Clippers were able to lock in and overcome a huge deficit in the 4th quarter. I think what's equally interesting is just *why* that kind of performance was necessary to secure a home win over one of the league's worst teams. If you think that's irrelevant then fine, we just disagree.
Why not? Worried it could weaken the Jazz for their "title run" this year? lmao They'd 100% take a young player with upside over an aging vet like that. You think Joe Ingles is gonna be a great player in two years when he's 35? Naw, they'd rather have someone who could contribute and be under team control over the next 5+ years who'd be more on Mitchell's timeline.
It's supposed to take place in the east playoffs in 2012, and the Lakers are not mentioned once. The whole movie takes place over the span of a few days while the Celtics are playing the Sixers. They don't even really mention the 08 Celtics at all, other than just that KG has a championship ring. I'm like you and am just as sensitive to/irritated by all the hype that fucking 08 Celtics team seems to get (or give to themselves) and there was not one moment in the movie where I even found myself thinking about that team or like there were any shots taken at the Lakers whatsoever. IMO the movie is 100% P&amp;G safe.
With the Lakers he'll never really be counted on to provide a ton of scoring though. Even if he rarely shoots it at all on offense, his mere presence out there helps with the spacing for AD and LeBron (and everyone else) just because he's such a shooting threat, and he does that while still being a plus defender. If he happens to be bombing threes in a game, then that's a bonus, but the Lakers certainly aren't in any way relying on his offensive production to help them win games.
I think it's decent odds Collison signs as a free agent and Igoudala ends up on the Lakers after being bought out.
They still have to go through security and still go to the airport and end up interacting with a lot of people coming and going from all over the country/world.
https://streamable.com/puqy4
&gt; Inbounding isn't even the determining factor anyway, it's when the ref hands it over to the inbounding player. Too much is being made out of what happened last night. There are many times in every game where a coach calls a timeout when a player has already been handed the ball. Virtually every time a coach calls a timeout to stop a run, oftentimes a player is inbounding the ball and has started to dribble it upcourt when the timeout whistle is blown because the coach called timeout. In those cases if the refs wanted to be like "the timeout came after the ball was inbounded" then they'd make the team take the ball out on the sideline in the backcourt, but instead they just move it into the frontcourt as if the timeout was called before the ball was ever inbounded. Personally I think so much is being made over it because people just wanna see a small technicality go against the Lakers. The reality is that if something similar happened between two other teams in a tight playoff game people would instead want the team to be able to use their challenge on such a play, rather than be screwed out of it because the call to challenge wasn't communicated quickly enough from the coach to the ref to get him to blow his whistle while the other team is racing to inbound it. The whole idea is that if there's a call the coach disagrees with he can challenge it to see if the right call was made, and that's what happened. Ultimately the whole thing didn't matter as the Lakers lost the challenge and then also missed the technical free throw and the Lakers were blowing the Mavs out all night anyway. Honestly it was a very strange thing for Carlisle to get *that* upset over.
[Apparently it's just a stinger,](https://rocketswire.usatoday.com/2020/01/11/p-j-tucker-leaves-game-for-rockets-with-right-shoulder-stinger/) so I guess it just looked worse than it was.
&gt; I'm not gonna be able to convince a lakers fan jokic is having a more impressive season than AD Find me literally any national reporter who agrees with you. I'm not just saying AD is having a better season than Jokic cause I'm a Laker fan, it's simply factually correct. I mean, [they're not talking on the Jump about Jokic being a top 5 MVP candidate.](https://youtu.be/x6F_EgqnsRQ) If there's some national buzz about Jokic being ahead of AD on the MVP ladder, show it to me.
I think after Rondo's game tonight, that extra playmaker may *be* one of their secret weapons. Maybe he really does just cruise all year until he needs to step up? I mean, Rondo flat out out-played Chris Paul tonight. Who saw that coming?
The fact that Kuzma has so many more followers, and is so much more well known makes the case that he's more of a star. He's not a better player, but the best players aren't always the biggest stars. And yes, a lot of Kuzma's "star power" comes from just being on the Lakers, and his media savvy and good looks or whatever, but that's some of the things that make a player a star.
Honestly I think it's less about Kuzma figuring it out and more about the Lakers figuring out how to feature him more. When he's in there and one of AD or LeBron are out, they need to prioritize getting him the ball so he can get some good looks out there. Also, I do think that since so much of his game is based around cutting and driving, it'll help when he's only playing with one big in the game. Come playoff time when the Lakers are almost surely starting AD at center, they could probably start Kuzma at the 4 and that should really help open things up for him.
&gt; Lakers would suck if they cant win when missing a player What about when they're missing two top 5 MVP candidates and a 3rd starter?
It reminds me of the famous clip of [Rondo directing Boogie where to stand defensively](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDessRib1kI) back when they were on the Kings together.
The dude averaged nearly 19 ppg last year, what are you talking about? You're acting like he's only had one good game or something.
I think the money Kuzma is making is really something to take note of. Compare Kuzma's salary to all the other non AD/LeBron players on the Lakers and you'll see that [he's making less than *all* of them.](https://i.imgur.com/6JSgJwg.png) Dwight on his non-guaranteed minimum is making more. Caruso up from the G-League last year is making more. Troy Daniels and Quinn Cook are both making more. Jared Dudley is making more. The only players on the Lakers making less are guys that are in the G-League. That's pretty incredible.
The worst part is there's absolutely nothing untrue about what he said about Orlando. He just said if you play in Orlando you don't get any media attention. Everyone around here is pissed at him cause he gets so much attention from being on the Lakers, and when he himself says the same thing everyone suddenly hates him for saying it.
The crazy thing to me about everyone around here having the reaction they did to the Orlando comments is that Kuzma was basically saying the same thing about himself that everyone who dislikes him says: he's getting so much attention because he's a Laker rather than someone who's playing for a team like the Magic. This is what everyone who dislikes him has been saying about him for years, and yet when Kuzma himself says it, everyone was pissed. Makes no sense.
The overlooked part is that it's not just that his cheap contract allows the Lakers to sign more guys, but also that his cap hold in 2021 will be *tiny* because of his small salary. When the Lakers are planning to go after Giannis (and all the other max level FAs that summer), they'll be able to keep Kuzma's cap hold on the books to do it because his cap hold will be less than $9 million. That means they very possibly could have both AD and Giannis on max deals, then re-sign LeBron and also match any offer that Kuzma gets to keep him. Not bad.
Whichever team shows up won't have the size to stay with Philly, so either way I'd take the Sixers.
And by "suits" you mean "hoodies".
I dunno that anything has really been "turned around" down there in San Antonio. The Spurs are five games under .500 and out of the playoffs right now.
I think he was referring to Kostas.
Apparently his golf game is on point though.
&gt; idk what Lakers or Mavs or Clippers fans are hoping out of him Mavs fans are hoping he might help them get a 1st round win. Laker fans are hoping he might be able to guard Kawhi better than KCP can. Clipper fans are just hoping to keep him away from the Lakers in case he's able to guard Kawhi better than KCP can.
It's pretty tough to be a locker room cancer when he's been thousands of miles away from the team playing golf all year lol
Tell that to Devin Booker.
I wonder if Sexton knows what a meme he is because of that?
As a Celtics fan you should know better than most how tenuous team chemistry can be when you take a team that overachieved and had great success and then add two superstars to it. This Clipper team is not like last year's team, the dynamic is totally different. They have to figure this all out together, because they can't just toss Kawhi and PG to the side and simply go back to what worked for them last year.
Yeah, the Clippers are still trying to figure their chemistry out and what everyone's roles are, and the inconsistency of their lineups due to all the injuries has made that difficult. I'm gonna assume they'll start trying to get more consistent and try to figure that out over the next couple months, but if they don't then I do think they could have some genuine issues come playoff time. At the same time, I think they're probably gonna make a big trade or two in the next couple weeks anyway, which might address all of this, so this may all be moot anyway.
I think it's a very real possibility that they trade him in the next few weeks, but only if they can get another legit big man in return. I'm not sure who that would be though, because trading for Drummond would be *really* difficult for the Clippers just to match his salary. Same would go for Steven Adams and Marc Gasol (if either was available, which they probably aren't). But they can't afford to trade Trez and then simply roll with Zubac as their only big on the roster.
I think it's maybe simplistic to say Kobe was "the best player" when the Lakers were going up against San Antonio or Sacramento, but more that those teams geared their defenses so much toward stopping Shaq, that if Kobe hadn't been there to take over in light of that, then the Lakers would have lost. The truth is, San Antonio, Portland and Sacramento all *did* effectively stop Shaq (or stopped him enough to where they'd have been able to beat the Lakers), simply through the talent and depth those teams had on their frontcourts. The Blazers had Sabonis, Sheed, Dale Davis, Brian Grant, and Jermaine O'Neal. The Kings had Vlade, Chris Webber, Scot Pollard and Lawrence Funderburke. The Spurs had David Robinson, Tim Duncan, Malik Rose, Mark Bryant and Samaki Walker. Those teams were absolutely *loaded* in the frontcourts, and it was because the GMs of those teams all loaded up their frontcourts to stop Shaq. But as a result, they couldn't equally load up to stop Kobe. They still had quality defenders to put on Kobe (Bruce Bowen, Doug Christie, Bonzi Wells), but they couldn't focus on him the way they did with Shaq, and Kobe wasn't gonna be stopped (or even slowed down, really) by just single coverage like that. It was pick your poison going against Kobe and Shaq and Kobe straight up murdered those Western opponents when they chose to focus on Shaq. The teams in the East didn't build their teams based around trying to stop Shaq, because they felt like they might not ever face him in the playoffs anyway. As a result, once those Lakers made it to the Finals Shaq had a field day going against single coverage and against far inferior defenders (or both).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7b5wHb6htM
I think it was a combination of two types of incompetence. One where they decided they were blowing it up, but not all the way since they won't trade Beal. And the second way was I think they wanted more out of that trade of Oubre, but when the whole Brooks/Brooks fiasco happened and they weren't gonna get what they wanted, I think they just "fuck it, let's do the trade anyway."
&gt; he wants to start As we saw in Boston last year, that's kinda why he wouldn't be great as a backup on a championship caliber team. He's not a guy who is OK in a supporting role like that.
Surely the Celtics will be fine against the frontcourts of Embiid/Horford, Lopez/Giannis, Siakam/Ibaka/Gasol, Turner/Sabonis. Nothing to worry about.
I didn't see any Laker fans comment so I'll chip in: Talen Horton-Tucker has been doing great in the G-League and I expect good things from his career in the future. With his body, insane wingspan and Kawhi-sized hands as well as his shooting and touch around the rim he could develop into a real player in the coming years.
Real question for you: if the Clippers did fire Doc (and to be clear I highly doubt that they will), who would you want them to hire instead?
Why do people keep saying "rent free" when it comes to the Clippers and Lakers? The Clippers are quite literally the *only* team in the league that pays rent to another team to use their building and that team happens to be the Lakers. AEG owns Staples Center and owns a third of the Lakers, and Ballmer makes monthly payments to AEG. Ain't nothing "rent free" about the space the Clippers occupy.
I think everything you said is correct, just that Kawhi and PG are probably best as finishers or iso players than as guys to run an offense, and the same is true to a lesser degree for Lou (who is great at running a PnR, but isn't necessarily a table setter for the whole team). The main issue as I see it with the Clippers is I'm not sure how they really address this, since it seems pretty clear that Kawhi, PG, Bev and Lou are all locked in as part of the main/best lineup for the Clippers. They can't exactly get a playmaking big in there, so who can they get to run the offense that's good enough to make them legitimately sit one of either Bev or Lou?
Hey man, congrats on the home win against the 14th seeded team in the West who was without their best player. Kinda makes up for that embarrassing loss at home to the West's 9th seeded team a couple days ago, huh?
He even called KCP "poop" last game!
They're also pretty directly calling anyone who roots for the Lakers glamour flashy pieces of shit who are not "the real people of LA". Meanwhile the blue collar masses of LA are essentially all diehard Laker fans.
My favorite part was Doc's reaction to what was an obvious offensive foul [lol](https://i.imgur.com/ymVmbO1.gifv)
If you watched that game did you really feel like the Nuggets almost won it? [The Lakers were pretty well in control of that game all night long.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IB_S13ELU3c)
They should definitely give techs to players for flopping and allow refs to review them (because techs can lead to ejections). Either that or just allow the refs to call a foul on someone if they think they're flopping.
Beverley has already been warned and fined this year. This might be a second fine for him.
I think the Clippers probably will be his last team, but I'm not sure about an early retirement. Unless he's hoping to get that 4 year max at 35% of the cap in 2021 and then retire shortly thereafter due to health reasons (in which case he'd still get all that money).
Let's keep in mind that was a Bucks home game, the Lakers were at the tail end of a long road trip, and AD missed the previous game with an ankle injury and LeBron missed the following game with a groin injury he sustained in the game prior to the Bucks game, and given all that it was only a 7 point win. Now the Bucks were missing Bledsoe, but the Lakers were also missing Kuzma. My point in all of this is I don't think any of us can really take too much away from that one game as far as what it might mean going forward. But that said I think the Bucks should be ranked #1 on this arbitrary list.
&gt;Their perimeter defense is their biggest weakness defensively actually. Where are you getting that from? According to basketball reference [the Lakers allow the 11th fewest 3-pt attempts of any team in the league](https://i.imgur.com/ZOr3H8u.jpg) and [teams shoot the 4th worst percentage from 3-pt range against the Lakers.](https://i.imgur.com/1p2y8TX.jpg) Their perimeter defense is elite this year. Their paint defense is elite as well. I'm guessing that's why [they have a top 3 defense overall this year.](https://i.imgur.com/aZe8vEe.jpg) I'll never understand why people will speak so confidently about something they have no real knowledge about and which can be so easily fact checked.
Is Embiid even gonna play in that game?
You got downvoted, but the Lakers size should give them the clear advantage over Boston, just like how Philly's size has overwhelmed the Celtics in all three of their meetings this year. The Lakers roll out lineups with LeBron, AD and Dwight Howard together. Who exactly is Boston supposed to play to guard those guys? I don't think Theis, Kanter, Tatum and Brown are up to it. Just not enough in their back pockets to handle all that size and power.
Just FYI, the Lakers are undefeated versus under .500 teams so far this year.
More and more I've become convinced that 3-pt shooting for any one player doesn't happen in a vacuum, like if you put a great shooter on any team he'll put up roughly the same numbers. I think certain teams just have such poor spacing or make it so much easier to defend all the shooters that even good shooters will see their percentages drop on such a team.
The Rockets are an aging team, PJ Tucker is about to turn 35, Eric Gordon just turned 31, Westbrook is 31. Additionally the Rockets pretty much depleted all their trade assets in the Westbrook trade, so if Harden doesn't think the Rockets are moving towards a title, he may want out to try again somewhere else (ringz Erneh). It wouldn't be the first time for something like that, nor could you really blame the guy.
The flashback comes first, that's the reveal.
Their whole marketing campaign this year is essentially ["we're better than those phony Lakers and their fans."](https://streamable.com/gtxaa)
&gt; Please just end me. [OK.](https://youtu.be/rd8oXBe_Rp8?t=27)
Hey, as someone who likes to see the Clippers lose I enjoyed watching that game against the Nuggets the other night too 😂
&gt;The rest of the game was actually really entertaining after this Probably less so for Cleveland fans 😂
Lonzo really was playing like this for the Lakers last year right before he suffered that season-ending ankle injury. The last full game he played was [this absolute gem against the fully healthy Thunder in OKC in which he led the Lakers to an OT win without LeBron.](https://youtu.be/kaQer20SmL4?t=22) The very next game was the game in Houston in which the Lakers were up by over 20 in the 3rd quarter behind his dominant play when he suffered that ankle injury and never played again in a Laker jersey (without Lonzo the Rockets came back to win). Hopefully he stays healthy this year, because that guy can definitely play like this, he just needs to keep it going.
&gt; that bucks game was the only game i saw lebron being serious and was trying to win Just FYI, LeBron injured his groin in the previous game, which is why he looked so limited against the Pacers and then the Bucks in that game. LeBron sat out the next game due to that injury (the loss at home to the Nuggets). LeBron said he felt better for the next game, against the Clippers on Xmas day, but on the 2nd play of the game Beverley dove right into LeBron's sore groin, and LeBron said it took him back to where he was when he was sore enough to miss that Nuggets game. AD had sprained his ankle two games before the Bucks game (in the road win in Atlanta), and he missed the next game in Indiana with that injury. He came back for the Bucks game but was clearly still nursing a sore ankle. Additionally, Kyle Kuzma was still out for the Bucks game with his own injury and didn't come back until the next game against Denver. Basically the point is this: the Lakers were *far* from 100% for either the Bucks or the Xmas day game and yet both games were very closely contested.
Probably the other way around, Houston has looked *great* against the Clippers so far this year.
The two best centers in NBA history.
It should be pointed out that one of the reasons the Lakers have been playing so well is that their center tandem of Javale McGee and Dwight Howard is basically giving the Lakers [the same amount of production on both ends that Rudy Gobert is giving the Jazz this year.](https://twitter.com/reed_nba/status/1217199625351897088?s=21)
&gt;what would be a better situation for PG? To answer this you'd need to know what PG is really looking for, and considering how many times he's publicly reversed himself, I don't think it's possible to really know that. Was playing for the Clippers always his ultimate goal? He made a big stink about wanting to play for the Lakers, but then passed when he had the chance. He could have gone to LA two years ago but stayed in OKC, then forced his way to the Clippers. Logically I'd say he'll probably want to stay with the Clippers, but really who the hell knows with that dude. I'm not sure he even knows what he really wants.
&gt;Didn't think I'd see a Celtics fan in this thread You really believed there wouldn't be even one Celtics fan who could possibly have any complaints about the team this year? How about the lack of any real centers or power forwards on the roster? You don't think that might be a possible issue later on?
I'm old enough to remember what Knicks fans were like online back in the late 90s/early 2000s when the Knicks were genuinely good and their fans were used to them being good and I can confirm that they were insufferable. New Yorkers are very difficult to tolerate when they have literally anything to brag about, and generally they'll be the first people to confirm that that's the case.
On the flip side, if you had wires you were using to cheat underneath your shirt you'd probably want to go hide the evidence before having them inadvertently exposed in the celebration.
Are the Raptors really contenders this year?
As a Laker fan this bracket would be awesome. Memphis then either Utah or Dallas, two teams the Lakers have played great against. Meanwhile the Clippers would have to beat Houston, who has played them great, and then on the road against Denver. Sign me up.
Harden has had some success against Kawhi in the playoffs before though. The last time they met Harden had a 43 point game and a 30+ point triple double against Kawhi, and ironically the Rockets lost in a game in which Kawhi was out with one of his injuries. Being physical with Harden plays into his foul hunting strategy, so I don't think that would help the Clippers at all. Also I don't think the Clippers have anyone to effectively guard Westbrook, as WB always chews up Beverley (except for when Beverley injures him).
Awww, in all that time you've gotten to see your team win only one championship, how cute ☺️ Too bad it seems like top 10 players are actively trying to ensure they never play for the Celtics, otherwise you guys might be contenders again sometime in your lifetime 😂
Not once has Boston contended since the Lakers beat them in the Finals in 2010, the last time Boston was there (in case you forgot, [here was the last second of basketball the Celtics played in an NBA Finals game](https://i.imgur.com/8ttIEK8.jpg) 😂). When exactly were the Celtics legit contenders since then? All I remember is them getting waxed by LeBron since then (if they even got far enough in the playoffs to see him lol). In all that time the Celtics never once threatened to win a title, and now here we are with the Lakers being the first of the two teams since 2010 to be a legit contender again. That *has* to piss you off lol And yeah, top 10 talents have been actively avoiding your team for years now. I know that because Celtics fans are always saying Danny Ainge was smart to not trade any picks or players for Kawhi, PG, Butler or AD because those guys wouldn't have ever re-signed in Boston, and would have left at the earliest opportunity just like Kyrie did. Sorry man, keep enjoying those 2nd round exits while the Lakers and their two *top 5 talents* enjoy competing for their 11th title in your lifetime 😂
What jersey was he wearing when Laker fans were cheering for him? [You think IT is like a Celtic for life or something?](https://twitter.com/ESPNNBA/status/977895542620639232?s=20) Shit, he probably hates the Celtics more than I do after the way y'all knifed him in the back. Great way of treating your all time greats: ship em out when they serve no more purpose. Funny for a Celtics fan to bring up IT when Anthony Davis's father cited the Celtics shitty treatment of IT as the reason his son never wanted to play for Boston. Yet another top 10 talent doing everything he can to avoid y'all 😂
&gt;&gt;In all that time Boston never once threatened to win a title &gt;We agree! Thank you! Glad we can agree on this! &gt; It's not front office skill but geographic luck that saved your team from bad decisions. No, your front office and [their history of fucking over your best players](https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/25902808/anthony-davis-sr-want-son-boston-cites-treatment-isaiah-thomas) specifically cost you Anthony Davis. [Sorry.](https://i.imgur.com/8E4TPFM.gifv) The Lakers and their long history of being committed to winning and treating their stars like the icons they are has simply attracted more stars. Danny Ainge has said he'd have traded Larry Bird if he could have, so that's why he's unable to build championship level teams when his buddies don't make sure he gets HOF players in lopsided trades like when Kevin McHale gave y'all KG in exchange for Al Jefferson. &gt;Heading to game 7 against Lebron was a contending year. They were close, and it could have happened. Oh yeah, the year they lost to the same LeBron team that got swept in the next round! Yeah, y'all were real close to hoisting that trophy 🙄 Being second best in an incredibly weak conference doesn't make you a contender. Just like nobody talks about the 2002 Celtics like they were a contender either. [Y'all got waxed by LeBron the year before,](https://i.imgur.com/xV5O2ps.gifv) and then you still lost even when he no longer had Kyrie and his team was no longer a serious contender. Then you came back last year and were humiliated by the Bucks. That's your three years of "contention"? Bullshit. Y'all were a second tier team at best, same as this year. Revisionist history won't save you.
&gt; Well it’s certainly anecdotal. [It's also been disproven by actual studies.](https://sports.yahoo.com/lakers-fans-are-nb-as-most-loyal-and-engaged-study-says-191714313.html) That study was more than just Reddit.
Maybe if Houston fans weren't so fickle in jumping off your bandwagon then [your own building wouldn't be looking like this](https://twitter.com/mcten/status/1218743911100887040) when the Lakers came to town.
According to Celtics fans everywhere they turned you down too lol Trust me, as a Laker fan, there's literally nothing to be salty about these days. For the first time since [Boston and LA met in the Finals in 2010,](https://i.imgur.com/8ttIEK8.jpg) one of those two teams is a contender again, and spoiler alert: it ain't the Celtics 😂
Trust me man, I'm walking on cloud 9. The cherry on top for this year would be if the Lakers and Celtics again met in the Finals. That way after the Lakers swept the series, for the first time ever Bill Russell would get to hand out a Finals MVP award in Boston, and he'd hand it to a Laker. I've seen 10 Laker titles already in my lifetime (compared to only one Celtics title for yourself), but that would be a pretty awesome moment.
Yeah they won't need it against the Thunder. They didn't even need AD or LeBron to *play* to beat the Thunder the other day lol
The Rockets are not a great defensive team, and it's kinda easy to see why.
Also you have to assume Morey is not enjoying working for Tilman Fertitta. Morey had a good thing going under Alexander, who was willing to spend what it took to build great teams, but Fertitta's cheap, cost-cutting moves really undermine everything Morey is trying to do. It's tough to win when you have to sacrifice everything on the margins cause your owner won't foot the bill to be great. My guess is not long after D'Antoni and Morey get canned, Harden will ask for a trade.
It's hilarious to me that Rocket fans are actually rooting for D'Antoni and Morey to get fired. I think once that happens it's just a matter of time before Harden demands a trade and Houston will be left to pick up the pieces with an old team, devoid of draft capital, that's now banking on Russell Westbrook aging gracefully.
Yep, he's definitely standing around outside the play watching LeBron cook.
[Here is what the last second of basketball that the Celtics played in an NBA Finals game looked like.](https://i.imgur.com/8ttIEK8.jpg)
Interesting to see Jayson Tatum so high on this list when so many people have been saying he should be an All Star this year.
Kemba Wallllllllllllllllllllllllllllker
If Morey quits he'll forfeit the remainder of his contract, and given the uncertainty of him being re-hired by anyone else because of the financial risks any other team would be taking on by hiring him (because of the Hong Kong statements), I'm guessing he's not gonna walk away from guaranteed money without knowing for sure if he could get paid elsewhere. Hopefully it doesn't happen, but it's entirely possible that he could be blackballed out of league once he's no longer with the Rockets.
I disagree. You could argue that right now Chris Paul is a better player than Westbrook is, even if it's extremely close. Then when you factor in that Westbrook has the worse contract between the two, doesn't it seem like a bad trade when Houston also threw in as little as two and as many as four 1st round picks?
Assuming the league will hire him (the other owners represent the league and may say not to hire him).
They are subscription based, so if people stop paying for subscriptions then they go out of business. They are not driven by ad revenue generated by clicks. For instance, I subscribe to them because generally they write real stuff rather than sensationalized nonsense. If they started putting out a bunch of click-baity crap I'd cancel my subscription because I can get that shit for free from ESPN or Bleacher Report. I don't frantically read everything on The Athletic, but I know when I go there it'll generally be honest journalism rather than guys trying to gin up controversy when there really isn't any. This Clipper stuff started when one of the Clipper players told the media directly that there were issues in the locker room. Maybe Montrezl Harrell is prone to speaking out of turn or something, but that's a legit news story rather than fabricated nonsense.
A coach is good for marshalling the troops, but generally you want one of your best players to also be a leader to get everyone pulling in the same direction.
They gave up 70 1st half points and only 43 2nd half points.
You have to wonder what he'd look like playing next to someone like LeBron.
Both are incorrect. Anyone who listened to the Sterling Affairs podcast from a few months ago could tell you that. The tapes hit TMZ and Adam Silver banned Sterling before the very next next Clipper game. After that the owners then decided to vote to force Sterling to sell, and his wife had him declared incompetent so he couldn't fight it. She had offers coming in, but Steve Ballmer just called her up, asked to meet her and offered her $1.9B for the team. She countered at $2B and Ballmer agreed. The NBA didn't have to do anything to arrange a buyer, nor did they wait to be pressured by anyone to act (although of course Sterling's racism was well known for decades, so really it was just the tapes being leaked to TMZ that put everything in motion).
Yes, I addressed that in my comment above. Sterling almost surely would have fought the owners voting to force the sale if Shelly Sterling didn't have Donald declared legally incompetent. By doing that it fell to her to decide what to do and after being contacted directly by Steve Ballmer, she decided to sell to him. The NBA didn't have to find a buyer like you said. Donald Sterling did try to fight it after the sale had gone through, but he appeared to be incompetent in court so the case went nowhere.
Forget what's right for Igoudala, if he's still on their roster after the trade deadline Memphis needs to do what's best for them, and what's best for them is buying him out. Igoudala is costing them money and they're using a roster spot on him, and it's all because they believe they can trade him for something of value. If they're unable to do that then what is the point of continuing to waste money and a roster spot on him? Would you want the Sixers to be using a roster spot and paying all this money to a guy who isn't even with the team if that guy 100% couldn't be traded and wouldn't return next year? Wouldn't you want them to just get rid of that guy and instead bring up some prospect to give them a look?
I'm pretty sure the Saints aren't going anywhere as I'm sure they're a gigantic moneymaker where they are. But look how hard it was to find someone to buy the Hornets the last time they went up for sale. That was only because the NBA felt they needed to keep a team in New Orleans to give the team a chance to develop a fanbase, and it's widely assumed the only way the NBA got the Bensons to buy the team was by making sure they got Anthony Davis. Right now I am not nearly as sure that the NBA feels like they need to keep a team in New Orleans, because the attendance and interest in the team locally has been so poor. If Gayle Benson no longer has a say in what happens to the team then I think the odds are *very* strong that we'll have another situation happen like what happened with the Sonics, where the team is sold to an owner who has plans of his or her own for what to do with an NBA team. Not a New Orleans NBA team, but just an NBA team in general. If Gayle Benson is forced to sell, I'd just brace yourself for an inevitable move.
On the bright side at least this year you have your pick, right?
IMO Westbrook's is still worse because it's so, so much more money for the same number of years: [Horford](https://i.imgur.com/3negIr9.jpg) [Westbrook](https://i.imgur.com/DYZKuBc.jpg)
You could argue that CP3 is the better player right now, and after next season his contract will be an expiring one. I'd rather have Paul on his contract, even at his age, than Westbrook on his deal. Paul's game isn't predicated on explosive athleticism the way Westbrook's is. I think in a year Paul's contract will look a lot better than Westbrook's, which makes it the better of the two deals, IMO.
CP3 makes exactly the same amount as Westbrook does, it's just that Westbrook's contract goes for one extra year (during which he'll make a whopping $47.4 million). CP3 signed for the 4 year max at the same time Westbrook signed a 5 year max, and both were at 35% of the cap.
I also wonder if the Oscars will put Kobe in their "In Memoriam" segment they do every year. I'm guessing they will.
I think this is what upvoting and downvoting is for, though. Are there some people on this sub who either don't care about Kobe's death or who are getting sick of all the talk about it? Sure, there most likely are. But how small is that percentage of people? I mean, good god man, Kobe Bryant just died, and this is about as big of an event as we're ever going to see around here. The mods deleting everything and trying to tell everyone to consolidate all Kobe news into one thread is absurd. The whole rest of the world is mourning his passing in many different ways. Trying to put everything into one thread would be like telling the mourners who show up with flowers to go throw those away because there's already a memorial with flowers there, and that if people want to contribute they can stick a small note with their name on it to the existing memorial, because we're trying to keep this space clear.
There's a not insignificant amount of people who believe to this day that the reason Kobe snapped his Achilles tendon is because D'Antoni was riding him so hard, having him play huge minutes for such a long stretch while the Lakers were trying to make it into the playoffs.
&gt; I think as part of his image rehab he made it a point to not talk about that event in public. I'm sure as part of the settlement of the civil suit both he and his accuser signed non-disclosure agreements barring either one of them from discussing it.
I hope his threats are just empty. This thing I read in [today's NY Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/01/us/politics/trump-governors.html) coverage of this phone call with the governors makes me very nervous: &gt; Mr. Trump has long used language common to authoritarians than to democratically elected leaders to speak about protesters. In 1990, Mr. Trump told Playboy magazine that Beijing showed “the power of strength” when it used deadly military force to quell the student-led demonstrations at Tiananmen Square the year before. &gt; &gt; **“When the students poured into Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government almost blew it,” Mr. Trump said. “Then they were vicious, they were horrible, but they put it down with strength. That shows you the power of strength. Our country is right now perceived as weak.”** That combined with [Trump's most recent tweet](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1267522468400562183) definitely have me very concerned.
That really, really undersells just how good Biden was with this speech. It wasn't just that he was better than Trump, this was *exactly* what many people needed to hear right now. Biden's speech and even his delivery was downright moving. This was by far the best I've ever seen from him.
[It looks like that's already underway.](https://www.courierpostonline.com/story/news/local/south-jersey/2020/06/09/nj-suspends-corrections-officer-filmed-reenacting-george-floyd-death/5328816002/)
[Watch the video.](https://youtu.be/9yxD5tOHB4Y) He is simply running away, he doesn't point a gun at them, and there's nobody else around. He stumbles and then gets up and tries to keep running and they just unload on him. In no way was that self defense.
I'm convinced that Maher's guiding thought with all of this is that he wouldn't be that upset if a virus wiped out some or lots of the obese people in America. In the same way many Republicans don't seem that bothered by the idea that the coronavirus is mostly impacting black and brown people, I think Bill sees it as mostly impacting fat people and he's OK with that. Like white Republicans who don't want to have to adjust their life and comforts for something that's killing minorities, Bill doesn't want to adjust his life and comforts for something that's killing fat people. I think he feels like we should just let the coronavirus rip through society, and if it takes out all the people he thinks are unhealthy and disgusting, then so be it, it's their fault for eating bread all these years. He probably sees it as some combination of darwinism and eugenics. And he certainly doesn't think that protecting those people is enough of a reason for him to stop working and fucking women a third of his age.
My guess is Trump is saying that just like when he removed Inspector General Steve Linick, he said he wasn't familiar with him but Pompeo asked for him to be removed so he did it. I believe he's saying the same thing here, that he had no knowledge of who Berman is or why Barr wanted him gone, but Barr told him he wanted Berman fired so Trump fired him, but he's trying to make it clear this is Barr's decision, not his (even though it's obvious Barr is only doing all of this at Trump's direction). Trump is just trying to insulate himself by creating plausible deniability.
I'm sure this will lead to his/her dismissal.
By bragging that he can drink a glass of water all by himself? Kind of a low bar to clear, IMO.
Just like how they'll conveniently ignore all the stuff in the bible about Jesus preaching tolerance and love for your enemies when they try to use their "christian values" to explain why everyone they don't approve of needs to be mercilessly persecuted.
I couldn't disagree more. If anything this whole pandemic has illustrated Trump's culpability and incompetence more starkly than any "normal" recession ever could have. If what Bill Maher wanted was for Trump to look bad, he's received that in spades, and yet he's spent almost zero time over the last few months discussing that, and instead has spent the majority of his shows complaining about the country being closed down. The OP is 100% right, Bill Maher got what he asked for, except this recession is actually impacting *him* and that's what he's so upset about. He was totally willing for thousands of poor people to make a sacrifice he himself is clearly not willing to make. He's a hypocrite and rightly deserves to be called out for it.
I have to be honest, I've been operating under the assumption Trump won't participate in any presidential debates. I just don't see any way his team could possibly think he'll come out of them looking good at all. Trump hasn't had to give a legitimate answer to a tough question since 2016, and just saying "that's a nasty question, you're fake news, next" won't work at a debate. I figure he'll say if they can't have an audience for the debates then he won't partake in them and that will be his excuse, but really it'll be because his team has to be terrified of putting him on a debate stage right now.
I think refusing to debate would be bad for Trump, as the optics would be that he's scared and is retreating to his bunker. But honestly I think if he does debate he'll end up looking even worse just because there's no way he'll look good by having to finally be pressed for answers to tough questions for the first time in his presidency. Up until now if he got a question he didn't like he either [berated the reporter](https://youtu.be/9Aich4EqX0Q?t=1m34s) and called on someone else or [he simply left](https://youtu.be/bikgLIK9OlU?t=3m10s) the press briefing ([or both](https://youtu.be/64rPzPYZa34)). For him to have to stand there for two hours doing nothing but giving legit answers to any number of real questions is almost impossible to imagine at this point.
Honestly at the last debate Biden looked pretty good, when it was just he and Bernie and there was no crowd. I think Trump will end up looking like a buffoon at the debates. Trump has way more troubling things to answer for than Biden does. Just calling Biden "sleepy" isn't gonna play at all when compared to having to answer for the disaster this whole year has been under Trump's watch.
&gt;Not sure if you had a chance to read the linked article I read the whole thing. Did you miss this part in it: &gt; “No one should be fooled: the Trump campaign’s new position is a debate distraction,” O’Malley Dillon wrote. “The Trump position seems to be saying that he will debate if he can pick the moderators: clearly the President, who largely conducts interviews only with favorable news outlets, is afraid of facing questions from a neutral moderator. The Trump campaign proposal for elaborate negotiations is merely an effort to dodge fair, even-handed debates.” &gt; The letter also asked the commission to confirm that debate arrangements are made to accommodate concerns about the novel coronavirus and that social distancing measures will be taken into account. &gt; “Nothing should prevent the conduct of debates between Joe Biden and Donald Trump on these dates; again, we do not want to provide President Trump with any excuses for not debating,” O’Malley Dillon wrote. The article also included this: &gt; That push followed Trump’s [suggestion earlier this year](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-campaign-warns-debate-commission-the-president-may-not-participate-if-process-is-not-fair/2020/01/24/3664fb28-3ed0-11ea-971f-4ce4f94494b4_story.html?itid=lk_inline_manual_7) that he might not participate in debates at all I think Trump wants to participate and I think Giuliani wants Trump to participate, but I'm guessing whatever smart people there are who are involved with Trump's campaign do *not* want him out there on a debate stage, exposed for the whole world to see. Don't be surprised if they're using all of this or end up trying to blame the inevitable lack of any audience as their reason for not participating in the debates. If Trump actually goes ahead with these debates I'll be genuinely shocked.
At this point there are only two choices left for the 2020 election: Biden or Trump. If you're arguing against Biden then you're arguing for Trump, as there is no third option. There's no hypothetical debate to be had about either of those two versus some imaginary 3rd candidate who does not exist. Everything you're doing here is quite literally campaigning for Trump. I hope you're OK with that.
I think he'll try to do that anyway, even if he gets absolutely slaughtered in the final tally. He'll have more than two months after the election to wreak havoc before inauguration day in 2021.
If we end up with a Democrat supermajority in Congress then the Dems will be able to impeach and remove Brett Kavanaugh along with any other high ranking judges Trump and Mitch rammed through. Also, I think that would probably ensure that Trump, Pence, Barr and any other number of people in this current administration would probably end up in prison in the next couple years. Unfortunately, I don't think a supermajority is really in play, but dare to dream.
I agree. Last time I think there were a lot of people who simply disliked both candidates and stayed home as a result, but this time is clearly different. There are a lot of voters who are completely apathetic about Biden but who absolutely hate Trump (I'm one of them). I had Democratic candidates I was excited about, and Biden wasn't one of them, but no matter who the nominee was I was 100% going to vote for the Democratic candidate just so I could contribute to voting Trump out, and I'm also going to vote against the Republicans all the way down the ballot forever. The R next to any candidate's name might as well stand for "reject", "refuse" or "resist" as far as I'm concerned. Trump and the Republicans have turned me from someone who didn't care too much about politics and who had never voted for a Democrat or Republican for anything before 2016, into someone who will always vote for whichever candidate has the best chance of beating the Republican nominee for every position on every ballot I can for the rest of my life. They have proven to me that the Republican party is committed to evil goals and to undermining democracy, and as such I believe it is my patriotic duty to oppose them at every turn with every fiber of my being, and I know I'm not alone in feeling that way. I hope they feel like their short-sighted power grab was worth it, because I know it has turned so many of us against them forever, and I hope to see the eventual collapse of that party during my lifetime.
Wait till we get hurricanes and brush fires on top of all this. Wait till cold weather in the fall starts forcing people back indoors, which will lead to even bigger spikes in coronavirus numbers. I really think it's going to get much worse for Trump between now and November.
I I think there are only three kinds of people who can look at Trump's presidency and think it was a success: the ultra-wealthy, fervent anti-abortionists, and racists. If you're not in any of those groups what could you possibly point to as a measure of success on his part? Has he actually done anything that doesn't help one of those groups? If so I am unaware of it.
The driver's glasses only engage in sex with other glasses of the same sex while the passenger's glasses only bang glasses of the opposite sex.
If you're really worried about how Biden would do in a debate against Trump I suggest you go back and watch that last debate, between Biden and Bernie with no audience in early March. Biden did vastly better there than he had in any of those debates with 10 people on the stage, and when everyone was gunning for him as the presumed front runner. After watching that I'd then suggest you watch any number of recent Trump appearances on Fox News, and just observe how much trouble Trump has answering even the softest of softball questions they give him. Just look at the nonsense he spewed last night when Hannity asked him what his plan for a second term would be. Trump having to actually answer for his record over the last 4 years is much different than in 2016 when Trump could just paint himself as an outsider and say "what have you got to lose?" Trump would get absolutely crushed in any debates, and that's why his team most likely will never let him participate in them.
