They clearly are blaming the aunt and not the bride and groom. edit: I do not understand these downvotes
I would have just let him have it instead of pushing to sit near all the kids. No way you got off better here.
Children on airplanes are often loud and annoying. The seat he wanted was next to 2 children. This makes it a bad seat. Plus he gets to sit next to a woman who was already pissed at him. So why fight for a the worse seat when the husband's seat was probably better
Yes!! I'm so sick of reddit acting like the people trying to get off the plane are the dicks. If everyone just grabbed their stuff and walked, we'd be off in 2 minutes.
Most gyms I've been to just have rags with the cleaning spray, so the idea that everyone has to find their own individual wiping instrument is especially odd.
Everyone stands too close because everyone else is standing too close, and you won't be able to push through fast enough to grab your bag.
I don't think you're going to pull this off. You're building up a house of lies and it's going to come crashing down. Just tell one if the other organizers you don't feel comfortable calling him and ask if they can do it.
I agree. I lived in Japan for 4 years. I was young, educated and had tons of free time with few real responsibilities. I was actually able to practice and study regularly. At the end of 4 years I could ask directions, order in a restaurant and other simple tasks. However, I hated talking on the phone,I avoided anything even a little complicated, and I got help with any sort of paperwork. I can fully believe someone with a full time job and multiple kids could have trouble being fluent. People that have never had to learn a second language underestimate how difficult it is.
I was going to call you out for the obvious troll post, but it looks like a lot of people are taking it seriously. So well done.
What's there to argue about. The waitress keeps track or what you ordered, gives you your individual bill, you swipe your card and you're out the door. It's way easier than having 6 people and a bill for $213.45 and needing to divide it all up.
Oh shit, I was assuming you were like 18 and your cousin was around 12. Why is a grown man running to tell his mom on you for having dinner with a woman? Have any of them actually given a reason for their bizarre behavior?
I guess it's regional. In Canada, asking how the bill is being divided is just one of the things they ask when you start ordering.
I don't think there's any dog food that prevents poop.
How many times do you have to hear "lol your girlfriend doesn't love you. She's basically a prostitute." Before you're allowed to get upset? It's an extremely rude "joke." It isn't funny and it's perfectly reasonable for op and his girlfriend to feel like leaving.
It depends. My finance and I know each others computer passwords and can get into each others phones since it's often convenient. but we don't share email or Facebook passwords since there's no need for either of us to be in the other's stuff.
You know extorting someone like that is actually illegal right? Either you report a crime or you don't. You're not allowed to use that knowledge for profit.
I don't think there's anything unusual about this door poop, except his neighbor is weirdly obsessed with how clean someone else's yard is.
At this point is it even teaching anything? Gay people exist, a show has a gay character. It's hardly an in depth lesson.
Except "virtue signaling" is pretty much exclusively used by assholes
It's your responsibility to say "excuse me". He doesn't have to say anything.
I had to look up who this was, but it just looks like a guy lying to the police and the news reporting it. That's not the same as the media deliberately lying.
For any one not using crazy degrees they're talking about the difference between 21 and 22. It's such a small difference I'm not sure why either of you care. Plus 20 is the default "room temperature" so you're both wrong.
I do recall the second story about the attack ending up being fake, but I don't think I actually heard about the story in the first place. I definitely didn't know him by name or that he was in "Mighty Ducks"
How does anyone in the story being Canadian matter at all?
NTA No one actually cares if your shoes are black or black with a white stripe. All the "rules are rules" people need to understand that sometimes rules are pointless and should be ignored.
&gt;So, this is pretty complex, but here we go. I, (M 16) am on a church trip, relevant to this story is my sister, who we’ll call S (F15, 20ish months younger than me), our mutual friend, who we’ll call A (F 17) and another one of our mutual friends (now my GF) who we’ll call GF. (F 16) Please don't do this.
Oh I know! But then I'm coming from a place where you only argue about temperature in the winter and your dad gets mad if you waste money by turning it higher.
https://youtu.be/E7WQ1tdxSqI
I was once in your boyfriend's situation. Long distance relationship and paranoid girlfriend. I lied to her constantly. Not because I was actually doing anything wrong. It was just exhausting answering 50 questions about where I was going, who was going to be there, are there any girls there ect ect. I stuck it out because I thought things would get better once we were back together. (protip: It wasn't) Bottom line either you trust him or you don't. If you trust him, then stop the madness. If you can't trust him then end the relationship.
It would depend on the custody agreement, but there might be something in there about one parent taking their children out of the country without permission from the other.
Because tracking your partner makes you look like a psychotic stalker
It's not even close to fitting into either.
As some one who never actually played them: I just remembered them as pretty well regarded games. But the main thing I remember hearing about them is how disappointing the ending was.
Going to second that recommendation. There's a lot of neat powers, and a ton of world building that actually makes a lot of sense for a world with super heroes and villains.
They really were. I think it got hit hard by the writers strike. No one seemed to have any idea what to do with the show or any sort of plan about what was going to happen.
The old animorphs books explained it by having all your extra matter phased into another dimension.
I always heard this as 2 soldiers, with the lower ranking one slapping his superior officer. It's also missing a few other details.
Why is using a monster your go to solution? Either help him make a character, or tell him to do it himself.
For stuff like dental and eye care it is. But if it's a drug you need to live, you're always going to get it in canada.
Maybe add a few paragraphs
Not what I thought the problem would be considering that movie was pretty much wall to wall sexual assault.
Do you think Don Cherry was arrested by the government?
I don't know who that is or what he did, but again there's a big difference between getting fired by your boss, and getting arrested by the government.
I dont really follow sports, but wikipedia says he was the first football guy kneeling during the anthem. I stand by my earlier statement that being punished by your employer for public statements made while working, doesn't really compare to the government putting you in jail. I guess I dont follow vice media enough either, because I have no idea what their history in suppressing freedom of speech is, or why this article is apparently so hypocritical.
In all fairness to me; each of your comments is veering off in a different direction with no context or background. Would it kill you to explain WHY the guy who wrote the article is a hypocrite. Or are we all expected to be familiar with the works of a bunch of random journalists.
It didn't really catch on, but there was talk for a while in north America about avoiding red ink due to the negative associations.
No just that you'd use blue, black or some other color and leave red out entirely.
I think the idea was that it's basically no effort to change but it might help the odd student not feel quite so stressed out about it. I dont really think it's a effect but you would be amazed at how certain seemingly tiny actions can affect students.
A math test might look similar. But a essay with lots of errors is way more red than a good one.
Cant talk about KFC without mentioning the Colonel Sanders Curse. The long running belief that the ghost of Colonel Sanders was haunting Osaka's baseball team, as punishment for throwing a statue of him in a river.
This time he did. Plenty of people have lost jobs because someone thought it would be fun to make up some gossip. Just because his boss is cool with it now, doesn't mean it can't comeback to hurt him if people keep spreading it now.
F works alright but it's just so much worse. The number one thing you need to know with weather, is if it's above or below 0. Plus if you're using C anyway for science and cooking, why bother with a completely separate system.
So much to unpack here: Why are your parents watching your accounts? Why are they punishing you for buying sex toys? Why are they punishing you at all? You're 25. What's with this whole "It was just a joke" thing? No one is going to believe that.
"I like fucking with people to get a reaction, but today someone gave me a reaction I didn't like" Also your post history is a major dumpster fire. Stop cheating on your girlfriend. YTA
Well she probably stopped doing it now, and next time she starts something like this, people are going to remember this time.
I don't buy this either. It's a common excuse but how is it any different. 0 is freezing. Be careful for ice on the road, freezing rain etc. 10 is chilly and you want a sweater. Maybe a coat. 20 is normal room temperature 30 is a hot summer day People sometimes like to bring up how F degrees are smaller, but it's not like anyone has ever needed to worry about if it was 23, 24 or 24.5 degrees out. The difference is almost imperceptible.
As someone who also likes to sleep in, 9 really isn't that early.
At some point did you actually stop and say "just to be clear, I mean you need to choose how you're entering the museum. I'm not asking you to literally draw a path."? I dont really get how you could have 3 hours of confusion here.
Youre acting pretty smug for someone clearly misreading this entire reply chain.
I got way to far into this thread wondering if "babysat" was incorrect and he was supposed to be saying "baby-sitted" instead or something.
I liked it, but I haven't seen the show so I can't really compare.
I've only heard it to mean girls that are really into skiing and snowboarding.
NTA It's an insane law that you're under no moral obligation to follow. Your actions haven't changed. You're just protecting yourself from the unfair life ruining consequences.
It is an odd place to put it. I've never seen one that wasn't plugged into a bathroom counter outlet. Putting it in the middle of the hallway is just asking for trouble.
Oh man is this ever the truth
Where?
I wonder if he was doing the same thing the camera man did. Shoulder checking at the exact wrong time.
Gotcha, that would be pretty bad. I think my DM wishes he could do this. My group tends to lock onto one side quest and hunt it right down to the end while ignoring other leads. Then our poor DM has to scramble when he was expecting us to split time between a few quests. I'm also going to throw in a recommendation for Starfinder. Give it a shot when you've got a chance. It's super fun.
Guessing you weren't around in 2000?
You're toasting your bread way too long or something.
Whoops wrong subreddit. We're playing an adventure path but not a society module. I'm not really trying to rewrite my whole character, but there's usually ways to offset environmental effects if you have the time and resources. I'm honestly pretty surprised there doesn't seem to be any for this situation.
It's what Trump used.
A lot of "no masks in public" laws went into effect right around the occupy wallstreet protests.
My Sony mp3 player had this great little rotating knob. You could click it backwards and forwards skip and it was easy to switch between scrolling through artists or songs. It was super easy to use even if you had it in your pocket or were driving. My iPods flimsy wheel definitely felt like a step backwards. And let's not get started on the horror of trying to get iTunes to work.
I'm still plugging in a laptop and using my steam controller. It honestly works as well as most the "whatever tv" options.
Asking definitely seems weird to me. Especially to what's basically a stranger. Using a snowblower is significantly easier than shoveling, but it's not a magic wand. Asking to borrow the snowblower and do it myself is as far as I'd be willing to go. Even that's making me feel awkward.
They may have the same information in some aspects, but he absolutely has a better understanding of the human sacrifice and ongoing effects of war. Plus people love to accuse any sketch of pacifist of "not supporting the troops". Pointing out his own military service really cuts that off at the knees.
Hi welcome to part 4 of the time my friend was kind of annoying. I assume you're all up to date on the previous trilogy, so I won't bother giving any context or explanation to anything in this story. Now E was still mad at T for not telling D about C and P. As you can imagine this was really bad for V....
I miss the chronological comments that you had on old web-forms. It was actually like a group of people hanging out. But Reddit's implementation is just terrible. The whole point is to put everyone's comments in order, but reddit still let's you get in these little private conversations that only 2 people are ever going to read.
r/Canada is kinda infamous for it's right wing mod team. Meta canada is the sub for straight up racist Canadians.
I had no idea. That's a pretty important part of the saying to leave off.
Ironically if she been given less notice, she probably would have cleaned it right away.
They're still doing them in Canada. Cant say I'm a big fan though.
We dont care if you want to go to church or pray. We're tired of people using their religion to justify banning abortions, and gay marriage, or covering up sex crimes. Its horrifying how much influence people let religion have in their lives. People excuse terrible things with their religion, then have the gall to get offended by anyone not taking it as seriously as them.
No one minds you praying. But it's not a substitute for actual action. And it often seems like the first people to offer prayers are also the ones fighting hardest against actual change that might fix things.
This is pretty dumb. Nobody actually liked this guy. We just don't want another war.
Most weddings I've been to gave a few drink tickets. A fully open bar means "fancy expensive wedding" to me.
I've honestly never seen a wedding that actually had a dress code. Everyone is trusted to wear something nice, and no one cared if someone was a step to formal or casual. I think it might be an American thing because my wife just told me her American friends were the only people who asked us what to wear to our wedding.
Yeah I was picturing like a mechanic's uniform and wondering how that would work for a wedding.
When I proposed, I just handed my phone to a random person. Are the pictures amazing? Not really, but we both love them. Expecting a professional photo shoot for a spontaneous surprise moment seems like a lot.
Clear shit post
Shivering. Not that we're bad at it, but it uses a ton of calories for basically no conscious effort. Of course lowering your body temperature enough to trigger it, isnt exactly pleasant compared to running either.
People keep bringing up this podcast, but a prepared researched show is different from a long podcast discussion. He was hired as an actor and comedian. No one should expect him to be an expert on every subject the show covers.
In the NES game, how do you get past the dam level?
Leaving out 1997 I see. No one ever picks Next Mutation.
It was the live action one that added a 5th turtle and got rid of Shredder in the first episode.
Haha I had a friend like this. Everytime I called his house. Me: Hi is Jeremy there? His mom: yes. Me: ... His mom: ... Me: ... His mom: would you like to speak with him? Eventually I was told I was supposed to say "may I speak to Jeremy " each time.
We would rush the dice from one person to another when we wanted to avoid a hefty payment.
Wouldn't work there anyway. Ace Attorney law requires the defendant, prove their innocence, solve the case and prove the guilt of the real murderer before being acquitted.
He said that, but he also pulled off highly detailed operations that would have required extensive planning and organization.
This is a repost right? I swear I heard this one already and I cant believe 2 different people did this.
NAH I think your dad is fine for doing this, but I also understand people who want a little more privacy. (Personally I cant stand any sort of reading or viewing over my shoulder dispite knowing it shouldn't really affect me. )
Its shorthand for "I'm not just being cheap. I'm in a situation where it is expected that I have no money"
Anyone ever think it's weird that someone just took Crazy 8s, made up their own cards, kept the same rules, and was massivy successful selling it as a new game?
Do all you people stay fully clothed for sex? I get that you can, but who's doing this so much that they've devised an entire etiquette system around it?)
I'm not seeing where she says this.
As a Canadian, it seems pretty weird to be that concerned about the Royal family.
Isnt that fair? Everyone gets the same setup? I dont get how their cant already be rules about how its supposed to work.
That's a very dramatic way of putting it. Each party has a known leader and if that party wins, they get to be prime minister. If you dont like that person, dont vote for them. Also remember that most of these countries have more than 2 parties running. So we dont spend a year worrying that the only non-insane party will run someone terrible.
Is moving from one province to another really that hard?
Who actually makes good coffee? According to these comments every single place that's famous for making coffee, sucks.
Agreed on all counts. I'm the asshole who always forgot about their laundry. I would never think to start trouble with someone else who had to move my stuff.
YTA for just ripping off someone's old post
I don't know much about salons, but this just sounds like the guy at McDonalds asking if you "want fries with that". She probably has to ask everyone.
Dont ski goggles usually have vents?
Do you guys not have tap yet? Its going to solve this for you.
Definitely feel like this is a strength. The various characters in the play tests really felt like they were trying to skip ahead to the emotional payoff with these fully characters right from minute 1.
They totally do. There was a whole thing thread about it on r/conservative.
There is nothing morally wrong with finding free alternatives to textbooks. Its basically stealing from Lex Luthor.
This is suck a mild rebuke to someone wordlessly slamming a shopping cart into your back. I cant believe anyone is putting them on the same level.
Person at the store said hello as I walked in. I started to say "good morning" before remembering it was like 8:00 at night. So I just said "mo...." and kept walking.
Saying ESH implies everyone is roughly equally at fault. (Thus same "level" of assholness) I contend that op's actions are so inoffensive vs being assaulted, that this is a clear NTA.
If we call someone an asshole for any action no matter how small and regardless of the context, then the only NTA posts will be the clear validation posts.
It honestly sounds like the opposite. He knows the book isnt very good and hes trying to get out of lying or giving a bad review.
Happened in both "arrested development", and "undeclared"
"Looong loooooong maaaaaaaaan"
Just show her "deposit" in a dictionary.
I'm saying they fit both the actual meaning and the meme meaning. If my story is about a woman making unreasonable demands in a retail setting, then asking for a manager, I'm not out of line to call her a "karen".
I kind of agree, but he didn't say it to his neighbor, so I'm giving him a pass.
I'll always recommend Harmontown D&amp;D starring the creator of Community and Rick and Morty. It's sort of a weird one if you only listen for the D&amp;D since it's a small part of a much larger podcast. But I'd put it on par with a lot of the more famous actual play podcasts. (Tends to be more wacky than Adventure zone emotional) It also spawned Harmonquest. An animated version of the same thing. it sort of cuts between the players at the table and what's actually happening in game.
OP doesn't know their circumstances but its objectively true that wages vs house prices, education costs etc are wildly different than they were post WW2
You want him to start looking at 0 bedroom apartments?
Anyone on the fence, check out rogue adventure for android. Its basically a simpler version (ripoff) of the same game.
Logically we understand that the victim of a crime may have done things that made them an easier target for crime. While some of these actions may be unwise, it doesn't make it the victims fault that someone else committed a crime against them. Me walking alone down a dark alley doesn't make my mugger less guilty. Leaving my door unlocked doesn't make it more ok to enter my house and steal from me. This is especially important when discussing crimes where victims traditionally face greater obstacles when reporting crimes and getting justice. I'm sure its possible to invent a scenario where blaming the victim seems logical, but I'm also sure you know what people mean when they say this.
You can kind of twist it that way, but its widely understood that the victim of a crime isnt automatically the person with the greatest injuries. Looking at legal definitions often shows language like "A person who has been charged, convicted, or found not criminally responsible due to a mental disorder for the offence that resulted in the victimization is not defined as a victim"
I was told ahead of time to watch out for timeline stuff. First episode, you have this princess who's being attacked, and a woman talking about how she used to be a princess. I naturally assumed they were the same person which didnt help things.
Doesn't really fit. Being able to afford a nice house already breaks the millenial mold. Being arrogant about spending more money, is pretty much the opposite of millennial stereotypes.
How many times you going to post this dumb comment?
Try to imagine the sort of person that would refuse to move a foot to their left and sit in an identical seat. They would prefer to and would prefer to sit in between another couple and make their night just a little bit more awkward and uncomfortable. Now imagine a big group of people who think this guy isnt an asshole. Hey look! Its this thread.
The bit about temperatures is confusing. I had to look up the conversions, but you guys are quibbling about the difference between 19 and 20 degrees. I'm not sure I'd even notice the difference. Either way, whatever his problem is, its probably not just being cold.
Why would they blame themselves for being stolen from?
I feel like I was the only person really let down by lime town. It has an amazing opening, then it was just kind of blah.
Definitely check out Ars. I think alot of the same people worked on both and they technically take place in the same universe. I originally found the bright sessions via the shaded episode.
Agreed. Gaslighting isnt happening every time someone lies about what happened.
Bus seats are usually worse than airplanes. Like a fully reclined person is basically under your chin. I literally had a laptop screen break when the person in front of me reclined into it.
I dont think I would be happy if my entire work came to the funeral of a close relative they had never met. It's a very emotional time and I dont want to have to worry about keeping my work face on while dealing with it.
He has not commitment to either of them. Neither one of these things is certain to result in a committed relationship and a couple if flirty texts dont mean hes off the market.
So why is it ok when you're practicing this weird religion that started in another country, but not when he does it.
Is this the new "I'm not racist but..."
50/50 they weren't talking about the movie.
This was my experience too. I never bothered using the bank ones, since normal 24/7 atm's were so easy to find. They did have a crazy system of service charges that changed depending on the time and day of the transaction though.
Automod says I need to post a comment so here it is
Solved! Thanks this was driving me crazy!
"I dont want my garbage can smelling like poo!! How am I supposed to enjoy the hot garbage smell I love so much?!" NTA no one is ever going to notice this. And if they do, they won't care.
You're going to get a lot of people saying "2 wrongs dont make a right" and that you need to handle this more maturely. But let's get real. You've explained it to her. You've asked politely. You've hit the limit of what talking is going to do. Keep dropping her stuff on the floor and maybe she'll figure out it only happens when she does it first.
Most people don't. They just eat whatever their thing is and you never hear of it. Or maybe they request a certain restaurant that works for them and it's all good, but no one is going to tell a story about that. The rare person that makes their diet a giant deal is the one that every one remembers and tells other people about.
Are you under the impression that this is Biden accurately quoting the person he was talking to?
It's getting kinda of disturbing how many people think that this game developer literally said "I make games that teach people how to kill" and Biden is just giving an accurate quote. Even worse, these people are smugly accusing everyone else of not reading the artic6.
I'm honest baffled at what you think Biden's opinions on the matter are. The headline is "Joe Biden calls game developers "little creeps" who make titles that "teach you how to kill"" Then we have a quote where he directly refers to them as "creeps" and says they make games that teach people how to kill. Nothing is out of context. It's very clear that he has great disdain for the entire industry.
Its not a debate, because no one in the game industry would ever say they teach people how to kill. Especially to a high ranking member of the government. Its ridiculous to even consider it. The reason people are discussing Biden's claims about video games is because they just read an article where he makes a bunch of dumb claims about video games. If I said "my boss calls himself a good leader just because he calls a bunch of pointless meetings." Would you be able to separate which part is what my boss said, and which part is my opinion?
NTA but also probably not a good idea.
A good rule of thumb in these situations is never try to solve player problems with in game actions. Making the characters drunk wont solve the problem of his friends having trouble following the game.
This is my favorite type of posts. I wish we got more reverse horror stories from the perspective of the problem player.
Right he didnt kill him on the spot, he just tried to expose him, and deliver him to people who would kill him. Everyone else both in and out of character decided they didnt want to sell out their friend. Then op got huffy that no one was into his idea of being a bunch of narcs.
It's starting to go backwards. A lot of jokes are harder to get now because who remembers Terry Schivo or some random thing George Bush said.
This was me. Bumped the auto switch at some point and had them off. No trouble seeing at all. Someone even noticed and told me at an intersection. I misunderstood and thought he meant my taillights. (Which were fine) Finally got pulled over by a cop and felt like such an idiot.
Regular wasn't the best word. Doesn't it slow things down? Theres a lot of stuff where 3 players all roll saves at the same time, a player is rolling multiple attacks, ect ect. We're playing a 1st ed pathfinder game with 6 players at lvl 17. Theres so many buffs, bonuses and other numbers getting tossed around that its basically impossible for everyone to keep track of everyone else's stuff. Half the table is using spreadsheets to organize it all. Members of my party could be wildly inflating their numbers regardless of the dice and I'd gave no idea. But I'd rather trust them than try to keep track of it all myself.
Just tell them you stopped. How are they going to know.
This is a huge overreaction
People are acting like you've got some sort of duty to smile. You dont. The one up side to having a crappy job is that no one expects you to actually care that much about it. And let's be honest. If some one is choosing a store based on how often people smile at them, that guy has something wrong with him and I'm happier if hes shopping somewhere else. Normal people just want to get in, get their stuff and get out.
Wtf is this post?
NTA There is literally 0 negative effect. No one cares and he can just check the next guy.
A better analogy would be if I'm walking around the mall and a guy has a little sample tray set up. I walk up and he hands me some food. After I eat it he charges me $23.
All the time? Kiosk people are always trying to give ne free crap so I'll listen to their pitch or sign up for something.
Ignoring the whole tshirt aspect, what kind of shape is it in after 17 years. Does it even fit anymore?
Theres no way this is real
I fully believe he had a heavy backpack. It just seems like neither a bible or a football are going to change the weight much.
Yeah he had a one of a kind ability. It's like being mad that the next Da Vinci just wasn't really into painting.
Theres a huge difference between volunteering and being conscripted. Someone who will never get conscripted talking about how great it is, is pretty hypocritical.
Its not her decision. It should just be up to the son.
NTA But man you really should have just walked away the first time she threatened to kick you out.
I dont really get the point you're trying to make. You know how people sometimes say men cant really weigh in on abortion, since it's never something they'll have to face? Its like that. His wife will never be forced to drop her whole life and join the military, so her opinion about how great it is brings hollow.
If it's in the states, your boss can pretty much tell you to do anything and fire you if you refuse.
This is basically the opposite of sneaking around. He was honest to a fault and look where it got him. A smarter man would have just kept quiet about the whole thing.
Wearing your shoes into someone else's house is super rude
This is super bizarre leap of logic to make.
It sounds like you already talked about it and figured it all out yourselves.
Of course it matters. Why would you get mad at someone who describes the basic premise of the show or mentions something shown in the opening minutes?
Nta I wasn't familiar with the show, but its revealed in the first trailer I watched for it. https://youtu.be/UZEOpfelkxQ
TIL there are tons of grown adults who call their actual father "daddy" and dont think it's weird. Am I the only one who thinks it sounds like either a 5 year old or something like this https://youtu.be/6UpimJM7J6Q
People are acting really weird here. A grade 8 graduation is not a big deal. I dont even remember if my school had one. It's really unlikely that the son cares, and he'd probably prefer to skip it himself. These things are more for the parents than the kids anyway.
What difference does it make? If you're already at the point where you're purchasing semen, I dont see how the attitude of the donar is going to be the dealbreaker. Edit: I thought this post was funny, but its surprisingly unpopular.
A year on reddit and never noticed a front page subreddit?
I think people are reading into this line too much (as this sub loves to). It just sounds like he isnt a celebrity or famous to a random person, but is a household name in their small town.
Pretending a car and a little scooter are the same thing is ridiculous. Sure the law is the law, but OP is perfectly fine clarifying that his DUI is completely different from what people usually think when they hear the phrase.
How big of an improvement is this? .5 out of 4 is 12.5% but also her score went down (but that's good?)
It is just a scooter. It's about as dangerous as running while drunk.
What is the 3rd type?
No one is complaining about the smell, they are commenting so that you will offer them some.
NTA Treating a couple of grown men in their 30s like a pair of horny teenagers is weird and frankly pretty insulting. Get the hotel room. She has no right to complain.
Saying "my house, my rules" goes hand in hand with with being weirdly controlling. No one has to say it, if they're talking about normal, logical rules.
Everyone is sort of ignoring the fact that "daddy" is a pretty common pet name used only during sex. Instead focusing on toxic masculinity. This commenter has figured it out, but has taken it to it's most extreme conclusion for no real reason.
At this point it's just so abstract. If some shoemaker just loves the fact that people are putting their feet in shoes he makes, it's not hurting an unsuspecting shopper 100 miles away.
Its illegal in japan, but the entire time I was there,I never saw someone walking their bike home late at night.
Light YTA If you dont want to eat unhealthy snacks, then she can just bring a single serving and not give you any.
Definitely not the asshole. Why take the risk of letting him know about it?
We dont know the terms of the lease. Theres lots of other bad things that can happen besides getting kicked out.
Are pet fees, loss of deposit etc. Nkt bad enough?
TIL people seem to fucking LOVE staring out the window during flights. Also no one has ever experienced a situation where one person is in direct sunlight while the person next to them isn't. And apparently if you're comfortable looking at a laptop, you should be fine with the sun shining directly into your eyes. Finally if you don't like it, you should just wear a blindfold for 6 hours because you're an asshole if you ask someone to close their shade. Seriously what is up with all you people?
First time I've seen someone try to use "accept your judgement" on the entire thread.
It's a standard thing in every plane I've ever seen. It kinda sounds like she didn't even try to point it at her book, since the only complaint was about the angle ant not the the light was too dim or malfunctioning in some way.
I don't think English is he first language
It's mostly just thats it's really hard. I lived in japan for 4 years. I studied, used various courses, lived with a native speaker, etc etc. In the end my Japanese was barely conversational. And this was when I had a ton of spare time and a stress free job. Its really easy to learn just enough to survive, or rely on various workarounds instead or putting in the enormous amount of time and effort it takes to learn another language.
In all honesty I'm not. I did terrible in French class growing up. I wasn't doing 4 hours of studying every day, but I was using memrise, iknow, and trying to read comics and play games in japanese.
Even if we somehow pulled this off. People would just find a new dumb thing to worship.
Dogs can definitely figure this stuff out. When I was a teenager, out dog was allowed on any furniture except a certain couch. She quickly learned to stay off, but we eventually realized she would sleep on it when no one was home.
NAH, but it seems like a weird line to draw.
NAH You aren't going to get 85% but I don't think you're an asshole for asking for it. People here are getting kind of mean for no reason.
Sorry but I'm afraid YTA. Planes used to have more space, but now there's just really not enough room t be reclining. It's an ongoing process, but gradually general attitudes among travelers are changing. I'm 6'1 (so not even especially tall) and my knees are touching the seat in front of me as soon as I sit down. When the person in front of me reclines, it's crushing my knees. Reclining my own seat doesn't really help since changing the angle of my upper body doesn't help with the main problem. (plus I'm just passing the pain along to the person behind me) I end up spending the whole flight half supporting myself with my elbows on the armrests to give my knees a break. People like to say they "well then why do the seats recline?" but it doesn't address the core issue. Reclining your seat barely improves your own comfort, but can drastically decrease the comfort of the person behind you. People also love to suggest that everyone just pay more for better seats. Obviously this isn't going to work. If I upgrade my seat, it's just going to get filled by someone else. 1 passenger's spending isn't going to solve the issue that most of the plane is flying coach. But we can all be just a little bit nicer and make the flight more enjoyable for everyone.
This is so far from a red flag. Nothing is going to look weird since no one at this event has ever met the girlfriend and only a few people even know op.
Two tiered healthcare is pretty much unspeakable in canada. Only the most conservative politicians will even mention it. It works all right in Japan where the government runs its own insurance, but private ones are able to run as well.
This is the reason theres sonmuch backlash. A while back we had a politician skip the line by going to the states and paying to have a procedure done. It was a pretty big scandal at the time.
When I was growing up it was always very clear that "big"presents were for everyone. Trying to hoard a videogame was unacceptable regardless of who technically got it for xmas.
NTA You should put his stapler in jello to teach him a lesson.
I'd be pretty tempted to spend a visit or two crawling around on the floor. "No, no, don't mind me. Just going to drag myself to the kitchen. Wouldn't want to mess up your clean floors."
And an equal response would be making a similar comment about HR, not immediately going to get them in trouble.
The idea is that you take a few unrelated small time drug crimes and charge them as co-conspirators for the combined amount which is over the minimum.
By this logic every company is taking advantage of people's unemployment.
It's not like the whole speech centered on it. It was one wacky story about their childhood together.
The best man speech is the "funny" one and it's common to rib the groom a little. There's a balancing act, but this story should be well on the side of "wacky" childhood antics.
Theres that bit in Bowling for Columbine where Michael Moore is talking about how in Canada no one locks their doors. As a Canadian I laughed at this dumb stereotype. Then I realize hes talking about middle of the day in a suburban neighborhood, and I realized he meant that in the states people literally lock the door all the time. So NAH different cultures and all that.
I think very few people are in a place to accurately judge this one. It seems cutthroat, but I dont know how the ethics and norms of academic publishing work. So INFO is this a normal way of doing things common in your industry? What do your other colleagues think?
Let's be clear. He had a potential chance to have a date/relationship/whatever with this girl. And now he doesn't.
Never put your home address in your car's GPS, because someone could steal your car then drive to your house and rob you. Edit: dont know if I'm getting down voted because people think I'm giving serious advice and they disagree, or because they think I'm making fun of email forwards with actually useful information.
I can completely believe it. Anything in the campus store is 50-200% more expensive than you'd expect.
I'm an amendment to be, yes an amendment to be
Dont worry I'm sure theres some exciting posts about not inviting people to graduation coming right up.
If you do go through with it, get ready for hearing about it every single time you try to avoid a religious function. Suddenly everyone will be very surprised and acting like you're an asshole for trying to make them happy.
No way. Just keep accidentally dropping his coat on the floor. He'll figure it out eventually.
This cant be real. What if there was another guy like this at the other end? They'd cut off the whole row.
Regardless of whether it would usually be ok or not, you're definitely making it weird.
I was in this exact situation once. I thought I could be open and honest and "prove" myself. It only got worse. It got so bad that I started lying to her constantly about innocent things just to avoid the barrage of questions and accusations that would follow. Think about what sort of relationship you want to be in.
~ Man who was slapped
Last season makes a surprising rebound in my opinion.
I'll always remember V for introducing me to the concept of watching a garbage show, just so I can mock it with people the next day.
The fire is shooting at us!!!
I teach in high school and we dont even do this anymore.
That's really not the same thing.
I was complaining about this then other day when I started playing Call of Duty. It feels more like the game is playing me. "Go through this door." "Shoot the guy on the left." "Ok I'm letting you call in an airstrike now. Use it to destroy that tank" Just let me play
&gt;Why is it easier to believe the nation's entire police force is racist instead of believing African Americans commit crime at a higher rate? Most people don't really buy into the idea that the colour of your skin makes you more likely to commit crimes.
One thing I really wish they did was how in Apex, your teammates footsteps are way quieter than enemy ones.
I mostly go for them right after parachuting in. I'm not going to going to start plinking away with my little pistol when he has full armour and a custom m4
She isn't.
As a Canadian I don't have the same nostalgia for it. (We had Cross Country Canada instead) It's really not that great, and it's also really not that hard. It's just that a bit of bad luck can ruin your run. Most people just look back fondly on it because it was one of the first computer games they played, and one of the only things you could use the classroom computer for.
Of course the very interesting event happening right now in multiple cities is getting attention. Not sure whet you're even talking about with needing to post pictures.
I'm honestly really surprised at how many pen and paper nuts there are here. Organizing a wedding is complicated enough without deliberately making it as difficult as possible. When I got married, I made a website with all the important information and a RSVP button that automatically updated a spreadsheet with who was coming or not. Every guest was linked to the website via whatever method made the most sense. For almost everyone this was either an email or a facebook message. Like the op, my message contained a scanned version of a traditional wedding invitation. This was simple, efficient and organized. I can't imagine how much more difficult it would have been to shuffle through a hundred paper replies and keep track of everything. At no point did we seriously consider traditional invites since we don't live in the 1800s. Sending an online message to people asking for their physical address so I can write a website on a piece of paper and pay someone to physically carry it across the country, is pretty much the dumbest way you could do it. That said you should be on the same page as your bride. So I guess ESH of NAH since you're both making decisions without the other person.
I actually posted almost this exact question a while back when I got married, since sending over a hundred paper thank you cards sounded like a nightmare and realistically, no one would actually care if they got one. According to AITA, while a thank you is definitely necessary, the method is not really important. I ended up doing mine mostly as phone calls and emails, which was actually pretty nice since it was a good excuse to catch up with people I hadn't talked to much for the last while.
There's always that one person that ruins it for everyone. I think we all understand what he's getting at. It's like taking a yearbook or a birthday card that everyone is signing, then signing your own name in giant letters that obscure other people's signatures.
INFO - What is with the weird abbreviations? What's lg?
You just send a message that has that information in it? It's exactly the same in every way? You do exactly the same thing you would have done with paper invites except people get them faster. Why is this so confusing?
He sent a scanned copy of the paper invite. So everyone got whatever info they would normally have. It's very easy for people to reply back, "me and my +1, no allergies, etc etc." If anything it's even easier because you can see all the replies in one list, instead of waiting for people to get around to mailing something back to you, then collecting and organizing all the replies on paper.
Montreal is pretty well known for police brutality in it's own right. Especially when protestors are involved.
I agree. I've been to tons of weddings and I've never received a thank you note after. I've not sure I've ever received a hand written letter ever in my life.
&gt; So I make the group, scan the invitation, post it in the group and ask everyone to send me their response over messenger. Boom, my invitations are out, took me five minutes. Presumably their invites were pretty standard. Or maybe they weren't that concerned. When I got married we didn't bother specifying and assumed that the people bring extra guests, and the people who couldn't make it would sort of balance out. Of course since we weren't waiting on 100 individual paper letters to be returned, it wasn't as big a deal.
Didn't we just see this one from the parents' side?
I guess I just have a more laid back family. I cant even imagine inviting someone to my wedding, and they get mad and refuse to come because I didnt write the exact same info on a card first. Its absolutely insane to me that someone would care so deeply about something so pointless.
I didn't actually read it,but I'm sure i saw something with the title involving those ages and a parent trying to stop their daughters dating life
That just sounds weirdly selfish. Like going to a store and making them ring your items up one at a time. Not because it benefits you, but because knowing that another person was inconvenienced, makes you enjoy it more. Or I guess when a drill sergeant makes a soldier clean something with a toothbrush as a punishment, only you're punishing your friend for inviting you to their wedding.
I used a website to make grids of a size I was happy with, saved them as a pdf, printed them on the biggest paper I had then taped them together.
Me too. It was like the first loadout I made.
Why do people keep saying this? You definitely can
https://streamable.com/dsf5px "Semtex!!! Awwww"
White and gold
I still think camping is too easy. There's no real need to find weapons or equipment so people can hang out somewhere all day. I'd say about half my wins are times I just got lucky with the circle and hung out in one area picking people off.
Mostly because it isn't very fun for either the camper or the campee. No one enjoys getting shot in the back, but waiting to shoot someone in the back is also boring. The most fun way to play and the most successful shouldn't be that different.
Loadouts are like the exact opposite of active play. Grab your loadout in the first minutes of the game and then there's no need to move again unless the gas forces you out. I still say loadouts should be first come first serve. Don't drop one for every team. Drop one for say every 3 teams and let them fight it out. Then people are either fighting to get to them first, or fighting each other to take their sweet gear. Camping somewhere isn't going to work since you'll be stuck with some crappy gun you found laying around.
For anyone else who is lost, the employee is setting the temperature to 24, but the temperature ends up being closer to 27. NTA since that's way too hot.
You're NTA, but that is way too much, and it's going to come off weird.
I'm still pissed I got a ticket for not putting the new insurance card in my glove compartment. My insurance was up to date, all the info was still correct, but the one I had was expired.
This just seems like 2 people being assholes for on reason.
Nope it's great. I'm amazed at the number of people that don't run ghost. Also it helps you run faster for some reason.
I find I can usually get my hands on either a decent sniper or up close gun, by the time I'm picking up a loadout. I just grab whatever I'm missing.
As a Canadian I can unhappily say we are nowhere near being past racism.
Just realized it's not omelettes. Not sure why I thought it would be that.
This doesn't come off really odd to anyone? Calling BLM a company, and talking about instructions from the CEO is just weird language. He makes these awkward hand gestures and I get the feeling they're just trying to prove the race of the person shooting. I've got some real doubts.
I think he might actually be right, but not for the reasons he thinks he is.
I don't think camping is that subjective. It's been a thing since at least the first Quake, when people would just sit on a powerful weapon in death-match games to prevent others from using it. I actually really like Wikipedia's definition &gt;In video gaming, camping is a logical, yet controversial tactic where a player obtains a static strategic position of advantage, such as camping in a bush, or some other discreet place which is unlikely to be searched. This behavior ... invariably involves a player waiting in one location to do something which they can take advantage of, often repeatedly. Camping is often seen as a method for circumventing much of the effort usually required to acquire a desired reward and makes the activity contentious. The most common reason for this is that if every player camps, there may be no opportunities for players to come into conflict, and thus there will be no game at all. I know different people enjoy different things, but I think most people are having more fun when fighting, moving, driving, sneaking around, than when they're hanging out in an attic waiting for someone to stumble into view.
I did not
This is my feeling too. The only reason I downloaded Warzone in the first place is because it's one of the only games I can play with all my friends.
What's the advantage over regular chat?
There weren't any people that didn't get this. When people say "All lives matter" they aren't just idiots that don't understand things. They're assholes who think it's fun to look for technicalities.
Dumb question but why are people freaking out so much about season 4? As far as I can tell the update is just a few new skins and a couple of guns. I like Warzone but is it really that hard to wait for a few new rifles? It doesn't even sound like they're pitching big map changes or anything that's really going to shake up gameplay.
Looking at the poster's history. Everything he posts comes from this same sketchy website. No real comments. Just looking for clicks I think.
Camping much like the electoral college is unfun and should be discouraged.
What is going on with this post?
This is not a very good article. Also pretty shitty they're sticking a picture from a few years ago on there and acting like it's from current events.
This is a really weird take
What are they supposed to do? You put out a statement saying "come to this place at this time to show support for this idea". You have no way of controlling who shows up or what they do. On top of that there's plenty of videos of protesters stopping looters or turning vandals over to police.
People aren't still into this "deep state" stuff are they? I thought that stayed on the crazy boards with the Jade Helm, Pizzagate, Qannon crowd.
This shows a poor understanding of both the left and vampires.
Haha when I saw the first one by itself I thought the zipline had somehow crushed them.
I'd love to hear your ideas on how to assemble thousands of random people while also keeping out anyone that will make you look bad. The police can't stop rioting and looting even with all their heavy handed tactics. How are the organizers supposed to do it?
You may want to take another look around and get better idea of the ratio of police that are supporting protestors, vs the one that are beating, gassing and shooting rubber bullets.
So it's less about a lack of heavy handed tactics and more about you just being cool with them. which is veering wildly away from the original point that BLM organizers are supposed to be able to control every person at a protest.
It's a weird take to call someone a psycho for not getting married. Also sorry for playing videogames? You might have noticed there's a lock down, a lot of people are working from home, and avoiding going out. This might really blow your mind but even married people play games, sometimes they even play games together.
Well I guess I am. Since your mind is so amazing, please enlighten me.
Fine vampires aren't known for being "careful to never look in mirrors".
I'm not following this at all. Who is this random person you're skyping with. Why is she insulting your playing if you aren't even in a game together?
I agree. I hate seeing this metaphor because it implies that the phrase needed explaining in the first place. 90% of the "all lives matter people" are just the adult version of a kid hovering his finger an inch from your face while saying "but I'm not touching you."
Anyone made a video of someone winning with a supply drop yet?
If he manged to keep water out of his basement, I'll be even more impressed.
I think it's important to read the actual response: &gt;The president just used a Bible, the most sacred text of the Judeo-Christian tradition, and one of the churches of my diocese without permission as a backdrop for a message antithetical to the teachings of Jesus and everything that our churches stand for, And to do so... he sanctioned the use of tear gas by police officers in riot gear to clear the church yard. I am outraged," &gt;He held up his Bible after speaking [an] inflammatory militarized approach to the wounds of our nation. He did not pray, He did not offer a word of balm or condolence to those who are grieving. He did not seek to unify the country, but rather he used our symbols and our sacred space as a way to reinforce a message that is antithetical to everything that the person of Jesus, whom we follow, and the gospel texts that we strive to emulate ... represent So it's not like Trump wasn't allowed to go to the Church. The problem is how he got there and how he used it as a photo op for something going completely against their beliefs. edit: I have no idea why I would be down voted for literally posting the actual quote.
Conservatives would win easily if they'd just back off on a few issues. Police brutality isn't a partisan issue. No one wants to get abused by the law, and There's no reason for conservative leaders to be going all in on defending bad police officers.
I think he's just supposed to be an anti-Koch brother type character. It's weird because you literally never hear anything about him outside of wacky conspiracy theories.
You can watch videos of it yourself https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/1267638330654625794?s=20 I know there's apparently some debate with people saying "technically it wasn't tear gas, it was a different type of irritating gas" but that seems a little besides the point. Likewise when you're choking on off band teargas, it probably doesn't matter too much to you if it was Trump himself or someone working for him who made the call, or they exact time they decided to get someone to throw some flashbangs at you. The final point basically ruins your whole meme, since it proves Trump was always welcome there, and it's recent actions involving the church which are being criticized.
I think I need to apologize to the first guy because this is a whole new level of weird vampire ideas.
This is not the reason.
That's cool of you, but there were also a ton of people calling him a secret Kenyan Muslim. I think a big part of the problem is that politicians have to at least pretend to be Christian just to have a chance at running for president.
Does Talon have his own? When I unlocked him, he just had the generic dog one.
I restricted my star ship fights to battling giant creatures. Creatures can still shoot things and whatever else you need, but they don't make engineering checks, re-balance shields, or many of the other rolls another ship needs to do. It speeds things up tremendously.
Really want to hear the audio from the rest of your team during this.
In Canada I'd say 95% let you swipe a card at the pump. There's the odd one where you have to go in and guess how much gas you're going to buy.
Presumably an American one.
That's the one. Arrested Development did a great bit on it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gje3HiouzvQ
I guess this is technically true, but pretty much the only time you hear people say this is when they're trying to excuse racism against Jewish or Muslim people "since it's not a race."
Hes got a PhD in biology or biochemistry or something, but hes type cast as always playing really dumb characters.
It's like running into a burning building to rescue a baby, vs rescuing a family photo album. Both are equally likely to get you killed, but I'd recommend one over the other.
Guy could be a serial killer. He still gets a trial instead of Judge Dread here murdering him in the street.
Like roles as an actor? Isnt that just what actors do?
If you think this is about a single incident, then you really haven't been paying attention. The protestors have been clear on their demands if you want to look them up.
Would you believe me if I told you this was correct in Canada?
This one is weird to me since I first saw it in 5th grade and thought it was an awesome action movie. Then years later I find out that it's largely viewed as a joke. Then I watched it again as an adult (and read the book) and thought "oh it's a fun action movie with some political satire thrown in." Now apparently the internet has decided its an unsung masterpiece. Because I feel like this is the 3rd or 4th time in the last month I've heard someone talking about how it went over everyone's heads.
I don't think I'm following here. It just sounds like a lot of toxic fans getting mad that the videos weren't turning out exactly how they wanted and on their schedule.
People support things they enjoy. The guy is basically running a podcast, and pretty much every successful podcast has some way of accepting donations.
He gave a speech to some donars that got leaked. https://youtu.be/Y2tvHUku_U8 It's kind of hard to remember how big of a deal this was considering the sort of stuff Trump says on an average day.
The dog thing was not a great look. It didnt help that he told it like a funny story about the door freaking out.
Once I when I went to see a movie they showed a trailer for a movie called "Midnight Meat Train". I turned to my girlfriend and loudly asked if, after the movie, she wanted to ride MY midnight meat train. Needless to say, a good time was had by all in that theatre.
I keep getting killed by the safety zone. I want to be able to call it in on my own position if necessary.
They're so much fun but I can never really justify actually carrying them around.
Got curious and tried searching "crazy audi driver" on YouTube. Man was that a needle in a haystack.
Japan's approach to pizza toppings seems to be just be an experiment to see what the weirdest combination of foods you can get people to eat
There's no way to get off a "Jerk Store" type comment and not also be an asshole. ESH if you're trying to trick him into a situation just to passive aggressively insult him. (also assuming he actually is the one who called it in. If not, then YTA)
I did. Searching for things like "crazy audi mayor" gives me random audi videos. Focusing on the mayor part gives me a lot of Rob ford stuff.
The American military is no stranger to committing atrocities on civilians during various wars. The police have shown 0 hesitation. I dont think you can rely on huge parts of the military to suddenly get squimish .
No sorry. There are a ton of videos of asshole driving Audi's.
Seriously? It's not like it was a surprise when Trump turned out to be a terrible President.
Nope too many assholes in audis.
The more disturbing one the constant warnings about grooming. This is an extremely serious accusation that really shouldn't be thrown around as often as it is.
This is probably extreme but man would it be great if we could get people to stop using certain phrases as a replacement for actually explaining their point. I swear people skip over half the details just so that they can be the first one to type "My house, my rules" before anyone else.
I assume they're lying.
&gt; I left out Payroll as a possible avenue for embezzlement. Didnt they the sales people create a fake employee so they could get more comission? Where was that guy's salary going?
Much like how getting punched by a boxer doesn't hurt since they have all that nice soft padding in their gloves.
Is it really that important to have the exact acronym at the start of the post?
I find the opposite more annoying. "ESH because your friend did kill your dog and burn your house down, but you also raised your voice and were mean to him"
Have to agree with this. I don't see the post histories coming up that often, but when they do it's usually extremely relevant.
That makes a lot of sense.
Since they added the big guns, matches have barely been long enough to even use equipment.
"Ok traveler first I want you you to try using the mouse to look around"
People love this "I never learned taxes in school" thing and it makes no sense to me. A: School teach it. I know not every school is the same, but it's pretty standard now to include classes on budgeting and finance. When I was in school they sort of rolled it in with either home-ec or health class. The schools I teach at now include online safety, how to recognize fake news, finance, nutrition and many other "real life" skills in the curriculum. B: It's impossible to teach every random skill you might need, so we try to do the next best thing and teach you how to learn it yourself. Makes me want to scream when I hear: "Oh no. School never taught me how to do my taxes. They wasted all my time doing dumb history projects. They took forever, since I had to look up information, and follow instructions to organize it in a meaningful way. How's that going to help me do my taxes."
How do you even get by without a debit card? Paying only in cash is inconvenient enough, but you couldn't even use an atm so you'd need to talk to a teller every time you wanted to take out money. But the first thing they do is ask you for your card, so you'd have to go through the whole thing with checking your id.
It's called the necro-something.
16 years old but it still sums it up pretty well. https://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2004/03/19
People who are young enough that their first PC game was Halflife are old enough that their kids can play it. Now I feel old.
The crazy thing for me is not only is the scene forgotten, but also the giant freakout reaction to the change seems to be largely forgotten as well.
I had a co-worker on Canadian Big Brother, that as far as I've seen was just a regular adjusted guy.
I'd be on this guy's side if he actually asked trivia questions. The ending just makes him look like a jerk.
🧙‍♂️"Hey you've got a pretty good reflex save right?" 😎"Not really" 🧙‍♂️"but you have lot's of hp?" 😎"I'm pretty hurt." 🧙‍♂️"Fire resistance?" 😎"Nope" 🧙‍♂️"Ehhh I'm sure it'll be fine."
In pathfinder I think you're supposed to do this for certain skills. Like a bad knowledge check gives you bad information. It spoils it if a character immediately knows they did a bad job. Same for checking for traps. Roll a 1 and detect no traps. Wow I wonder if I should be confident that there's no traps there. My group did this occasionally but it was usually too much trouble to bother.
Stilts?
It's only a matter of time before we're all killed by Polluticon.
This is the sort of content I subscribe for.
He can say this all he wants. But when you write a story about how when the government catches you reading , they murder you and burn all your books, you can't get mad when people say it's about government censorship.
If the government didn't need to censor things, they wouldn't have kill squads murdering people and burning all their books.
It just seems like a weird line to draw. Like if everything going on right now were a story. You could say that people or society continually voted for tough on crime laws and politicians. Therefore people voluntarily decided that they were cool with everything going on with the way police run. But if I told you the protests were about societal brutality instead of police brutality, you'd probably think I was missing the point.
The article says that she is, but is also the dumbest character who always needs to be rescued.
We had a big conference at a company I worked for years ago. They rented out a movie theatre so they could discuss how the company was doing and things that were changing to all the employees at once. We generally liked the company so there was actually genuine applause when they were discussing hitting sales numbers and things. Then we got to some updates about pensions or our insurance or something. The main thing was that the changes involved 3 fairly positive things and then one big negative one. They were popping up one at a time on the powerpoint and people were clapping after each one. So it went: Manager: (excited and upbeat) "So here's the first big change!" Everyone: (Applause) Manager: "And here's the second change!" Everyone: (Applause) Manager: "Also this third thing is happening!" Everyone: (Applause) Manager: (same tone and delivery) "And here's this last thing that's going to really affect your finances for the worse!" Everyone:(Dead Silence)
I think everyone just gets nervous that they're going to hassle you enough to make you miss your flight or something.
Weeds not illegal anymore
You really don't want to start university as the girl who got the dorms infested with lice.
The whole world is falling apart, and the one good thing is benefits of working from home. Just let everyone wear comfy pants.
It's weird because we have them in Canada and it's just another store. It's cheaper and maybe not the best quality, but Americans act like going to Walmart is like diving into a sewer.
I got banned from r/conservatives for saying this.
I'm not sure exactly what options you discussed, but my brother has a bunch of dietary restrictions. At my wedding he just brought his own food and dropped it off with the caters. they plated it nicely and brought it out the same as everyone else's. There was no hassle and everyone was happy.
Is this in another comment I'm not seeing because the op definitely doesn't say this.
It drives me nuts, because all through the 90s and early 2000s, video games were being blamed for everything from school shootings to terror attacks. We all got really offended and talked about how gamers aren't like that, and we're all good ole regular people. Then it turns out that gamers as a community are generally pretty shitty and jump at the chance to issue death threats and be whiny, racist, sexist homophobic assholes.
I had an American friend who had to get minor surgery in Japan. It cost her hundreds of dollars. At first I expressed sympathy at the high cost she way paying, until she explained what it would have cost her in the states.
Real talk. Why do I constantly see people complain about this, but my netflix doesn't do it.
I've got a non-smart tv and in the past I've hooked a laptop up to it when I want to play with a steam controller. But now I've updated to a desktop PC. I still want the PC at my desk since I use it for work and I'm not giving up my mouse for FPS games. Is there an easy way to stream to the TV without running cords all over the place or moving the PC back and forth?
YTA I vetoed it at my wedding. I know it's an old tradition, but I had no desire to have a part of reception involve throwing my wife's underwear at people. I don't think I've ever actually been to a wedding that did it.
INFO - Why are you even still together?
This sounds like more reasons to leave.
Never forget that if literally everyone at the table wants something to be over, it's ok to skip it. My Starfinder table never really got into the ship combat portion of the game. It's slow, there's a lot of extra time looking stuff up, and a ton of little stats and things to keep track of. There's been the odd time near the end of a session where we all agreed to just handwave past it and get to the stuff we enjoy.
It's clearly for a photo op. He went they took a bunch of pictures and made a video of it. Why would they beat their way through the protestors just to have Trump look at the church? If he was really interested in the status they could send building inspector or an engineer or anyone else who would actually know what they're doing.
Yeah probably. Which seems more likely? Churchill presence provided much needed information and understanding that he couldn't have gotten from a report? Or that his presence was for propaganda and to raise morale? There's nothing inherently wrong with a politician posing for photos. It's part of the job. But Churchill didn't beat a bunch of people with riot shields when he wanted to look good.
NTA Normally I'd say put your foot down and plainly state that you won't put up the crazy jealously routine. But this is pretty much what you have to put up with when dating in highschool.
I think you're thinking of "attractive nuisance" laws.
Doesn't ring a bell. I'd suggest looking at this list https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_graphic_adventure_games and seeing if anything around the right time period sounds familiar.
I know highschool relationships are kinda low stakes, but let me drop a little advice so hopefully you can avoid a bunch of mistakes I made. I spent years in my late 20s explaining every little action, letting my girlfriend read my messages, being interrogated about exactly who was going to be at any random thing I went to etc etc. At first it wasn't a big deal. I'd let her snoop through my phone since there wasn't anything incriminating. I'd tell her exactly where I was going and who I was with since there wasn't any reason to hide it. Over time it got worse and worse. She'd text or call me so much when we were apart that I could barely go out on my own. She insisted that that little location thing on facebook messages stayed on so she knew my messages were coming from where they were supposed to. Eventually it hit the point that I actually was lying to her pretty much all the time. Not because I was cheating on her, but because I even the innocent activities I was involved in would get her upset and it was easier to just avoid it. The fact that I was lying about hanging out with friends or going to a party was the wakeup call I needed to end things. It's a cliche but trust really is super important in a relationship. Never be afraid to stand firm and tell someone you aren't on trial and if they can't trust you there's no point in continuing to have a relationship.
I don't think this is it. The water level actually had you swimming underwater.
I mostly just remember really long unskippable cutscenes
I like prison but it's either hang out in a parachute for 5 minutes at the beginning, or fight 20 other people that also dropped there.
"Doctor I've been poisoned!!" "The antidote is in room 4F. Good luck."
I feel like this boss might be it. https://youtu.be/RodZbZWxQlg?t=513 But I'm sure that the character didn't have a long range attack. I remember this crappy little underwater kick, that got me killed when I tried to use it.
I'm still not clear on these guys. When a Stellifera is wearing armour, is it normal sized suit filled with water? Or a shrimp wearing a little tiny armoured suit?
Check out this old WWII training video shown to American soldiers to help them fit in when stationed in Europe. It had a section about how they shouldn't freak out if people treated black soldiers with respect https://youtu.be/ltVtnCzg9xw?t=1524
I'm pretty sure this boss fight is the one I was thinking of. https://youtu.be/U6Lgw_fGL6I?t=1295 I'm going to call this one solved.
solved: Chuck Rock
Hey he just said he was good at getting thing published. Not his fault if no one buys it after that.
Am I the only one who thinks it's weird that op has two identical consoles and cant share either if them?
Screaming is never a good look, but I'm curious if the "stealing" comment was something like "I'm taking your property whether you like it or not" or more like "since you already have one, I thought you'd be cool with me bring the old one back with me".
Any time someone says "it was like Hexxen but not Hexxen" its probably Heretic
This is a question of assholery not property rights. I keep seeing these threads where a family will have 2 playstations or two copies of the same game because siblings wont share with each other, and it just seems so weird and greedy to me. And now we've gone a step further with both systems being owned by the same person for some reason. Pretty much any time I've made a big electronics upgrade, I've given the old thing to a family member that can use it. Because why would I bother hanging on to an old phone, or a 2nd Nintendo?
YTA You ruined everyone's day over a harmless comment that really wasn't any of your business.
Careful. I've got a comment sitting at -9 for suggesting this.
Yeah I was like: What did she tweet this time?
I think I know the exact game you're talking about but I don't remember the name. The one I'm thinking of looked exactly like this one: https://www.addictinggames.com/clicker/helicopter-game except it had a blue line.
I don't know of any toyline but I'm pretty sure you're talking about "Battlethingz". I can't even find a picture of it but it fits the general description and it's bang on for the time period. It was hosted on a site called GamesDomain where you navigated through a 3D castle, and each game was in a different room.
Sorry to be clear, Battlethingz was just the battle screen with both monsters standing across from each other. The castle part was part of the larger site and you could skip it by going through a menu.
I love that both the book and the movie have a scene where a soldier questions the purpose of learning how to throw knives in a highly advanced technological war. Especially since they can launch a devastating nuclear attack with the push of a button. In the book the officer explains that the purpose of a soldier is a tool governments use to apply force, and that they must be prepared to apply as much or as little force as is required. It's not up to them to determine or questions how much force is necessary. In the movie he throws a knife into his hand and says "if you disable the enemy's hand, he can't push a button."
I immediately thought of Cross Country Canada. I had no idea there were other versions for different places.
Are you sure you weren't in an SNL sketch?
Is emo even still a thing people are anymore? It's like being worried that someone is listening to too much nu-metal or ska.
I know there's an archetype that uses a deck of cards.
Honestly I've never been a big Anne Fan.
I don't think you know what it means to "rewrite history". The rewriting already happened when everyone downplays the horrors John A was responsible for, and tries to hold him up as a great Canadian. The people saying "hey this friendly statue isn't really telling the whole story of the guy responsible for one of the greatest atrocities in Canadian history" aren't rewriting anything. If you cared about history, you'd be happy that the statue was being updated to be more accurate.
Gotcha. That makes sense.
I don't think you know what people mean by "snowflake" either. Your entire post history is just freaking out on people for no reason, then accusing them of being easily upset. You can talk to people normally without being shitty about it.
My win rate has gone way up since they added rifles. I'm definitely not trying to hold a corner. I win at least two thirds of the time just by running right up the side and shooting them in the back.
INFO - are we talking like an actual suit you would wear to an office job or a lot of functions? Or something like a tux?
My friend tried something like this once and it did not go well. https://streamable.com/jias7b
TIL Digg is still around.
Agreed. Who wants to hang around holding their gun against a wall. Also anything that has "do this 3 times in 20 games" instead of "do this 60 times."
When I saw this, I missed that they were bending sand at first. It looked like Amg style air puffs, so I was really confused about how no one cared about this group of other air benders.
“I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, As long as I'm living, my baby you'll be.”
It's cool if this issue is important to you, but you're just inventing things about the boyfriend to justify cramming it in here.
If anything it should be the exact opposite way around. How does it make any sense for the people who never experienced something to be the only ones with the right to criticize it? It's especially bizarre when the only thing stopping them from being an American citizen is the crappy system that they're complaining about in the first place. Also it sounds like you're only looking at immigrants so I as a Canadian can criticize your system all I want unless I actually decide to move there, in which case I lost all right to complain about what's happening to me. It's like a guy in a wheel chair complaining about how inaccessible a building is, then telling them they don't have the right to complain if they've never even been inside. "Hey man, either be born with working legs, or start crawling up these steps. Maybe when you get to the top you can say how bad it was, but you are morally wrong to complain about it when you're only halfway up."
At the most it makes it easier to hit like 2 more keys. Not worth rebinding the entire keyboard for every new game I play. Also L-ctrl feels really weird to me when I slide my hand over to your position.
I'm a PC gamer more than console but it definitely feels like each generation changed less than the one before it. The jump from 8bit to 16 was incredible at the time. The next gen saw 3d gaming, then online play then motion controls (debate if that's good or not) and since then it's mostly been just refining what's already there. Nintendo still tries to mix it up most of the time. but without getting into hardware specs it gets a lot harder to explain why the ps4 is better than the ps3 or why I should be excited about the ps5 over the ps4.
Good bot
I'm still in the first part. It's incredible how many trips to the hardware store I made in the first month of owning a house. There's a ton of random things you need and I never thought to buy them until I suddenly realized I didn't own a hose, ladder, shovel etc etc.
Chlorophyll? More like boreophyll!!
Do Americans get [Mr. D?](https://youtu.be/0fn_vAhu_Lw) There's a lot of shows and movies about crappy teachers that just don't care. I always liked this show for changing it up in that Mr. D actually really cares about being a good teacher, he's just incredibly lazy. It's a fun back in forth that has him simultaneously wanting to be the teacher that has a great rapport with his students, win awards, and coach teams to championships, but also do everything in his power to get out of marking, planning, meeting parents, and running afterschool clubs.
I liked Assassination Classroom more as a comic than as a show, but I'm trying to fit the thread.
There's a certain hypocrisy in using a taser at the first sign of resistance, then claiming you fear for you life and need deadly force, then second it looks like one might be used on you.
I'll take it over the Countrer-Strike bunny hopping days, where jumping and spinning juuuust right would catapult you around the map at insane speeds.
We probably get off better than most, but we still had internment camps, residential schools, and a host of other problems.
This seems like the best idea. Small wedding big reception!
Two of mine that I love: https://streamable.com/dsf5px - "Samtex!!....Awwww https://streamable.com/5jbxh3 - "I got crossbowed in the face! Wow."
Basically they found the etsy site for the shirt, she left a review on it. They googled around her user name through different sites till they found the real person. Saw she had the same tattoos as the video.
Good bot
It's called a map in video games
R/canada is weird because it has a lot of general Canadian stuff, but also political things. Several mods of r/Canada were openly admitting to being white supremacists in a conversation leaked by another mod. So theres some history there. The actual political discussion isn't too bad now but it used to swing really far right. Theres also r/metacanada for Canadian shitheads.
UPEI actually has a pretty well respected BEd program. (Full disclosure I took it) but finding a teaching job in PEI will be tough. Most people in my program went west for work I'm not sure anyone that stayed got more than a subbing job.
Is this Trump proving he can still hold a glass of water?
The way we all fantasize about being poor, having health problems and relationship issues.
I dont buy this at all. Most people are not getting their socializing from work. They have friends and family they actually enjoy hanging out with. No one is going to go nuts because they arent making small talk around the water cooler.
Crazy how this quite is like 100 years old and in a ton of movies, but everyone is going straight for farcry.
I get what you're saying, but "haha I tricked you into admitting you're wearing your own uniform" isnt really that impressive.
I think its partly am English problem. If I'm staying at a hotel or a friend's home, I would call the bed I'm sleeping, in MY bed.
Waa really expecting this to be about a soldier contacting the wife of a dead squad mate or something.
This is just like a cousin. I used to hide certain games when cousins came over because they would end up erasing my best save every single time.
I lived on a reservation for a bit where the only option was satellite internet. It was ok but video calling really wasn't an option.
In 100% of fake gun related shootings, the victim is always the person with the fake gun.
That's what it's based on. Theres lots of "a reformed burglar/pickpocket/scammer/hacker explains how to not be a victim of that particular crime" videos. They just took it to the logical extreme.
I'm going to go against the grain and say NTA. It's not 1990 and phones are no longer bolted to the wall. The ages of everyone, who's paying rent and the type of phone call arent really relevant here. If I want a quiet room for my phone call, I'll go to quiet room. I'm not going to tell everyone else to stop what they're doing and clear out. If two activities are in conflict and only one can be easily moved, then move it. This is like basic courtesy and common sense.
I'm surprised that people have this take on it. I figured the dad was surprised by an important call and reacted harshly. But now we see that he was the one making the call. So he had plenty of time to find a good spot to make it, or at least give the op a heads up before the call started.
Its impossible to say without knowing more about the house, but I have an issue with the idea that the room with the tv and video games is also the room where important work and phone calls naturally happen.
How brave you are, publically upvoting the person who agrees with you. Such courage.
Yeah I was wondering if the father was a big fan of Devil May Cry, or classic literature.
That's why I named my son Jumpman Jr.
NTA. Canada day isnt exactly a big spend time with your family holiday. Maybe a a BBQ or something but it's not like xmas or anything.
Man talk about your bad timing.
😀"Check out my cool new car." 😣"Thanks for buying it and not stealing it." 😀"I'm going to pick up my girlfriend later and go for a drive." 😣"Good job doing this the right way instead of kidnapping someone."
I find it a better way to show 2 parts of a conversation instead of using a bunch of letters.
Its unclear if you think its unreasonable to call the police on black people for minor reasons, or if you think it's unreasonable to get upset about people calling the police on black people for minor reasons.
This doesn't make any sense to me at all. I kind of get the extra screening, but why the upgrade to first class?
Life isnt a high school movie.
I've been playing COD Warzone, and it has this feature where every time you kill someone, you get a second or two of their voice chat. It is extremely satisfying to hear someone's reaction to getting killed by you. I really hope it becomes more common. example:https://streamable.com/5jbxh3
I don't usually go through a special rinse cycle either. Soapy water is still 90% water. You just sort of submerge the clean plate then pull it out so that the suds floating on the water doesn't really have a chance to stick. Then stick it on the drying rack and let it all drip off or immediately dry it with a cloth. I've never noticed a weird soapy taste
You never told me your father was a pharmacist
I've played battle toads off and on since it came out. I've still never been able to get past the speeder bike level. I was once at a barcade in Osaka and got 20 drunk adults from all over the world trying to beat it. None of us could get it.
That's the one!!
I remember the spike pit, and its definitely easier since I managed to beat it a few times.
On the contrary. Every Bison dollar will be worth five British pounds. That is the exchange rate that the bank of England will implement after I kidnap their queen
I dont really have a problem with epic itself. My main annoyance is that I have all my games on steam. Then I buy a bunch on GOG. I play Apex Legends so I need an Orgin account. I bought a few EA games so I need to use their launcher as well. Now I'm playing COD Warzone, so I had to sign up with the Blizzard launcher. At this point I'm against any new clients/launchers/storefronts just out of necessity.
More or less. The op wanted to study abroad but could only do it if her friend went with her. So she declined one of her friend's potential schools so she would have to choose the one that OP wanted to go to.
Who else bought a bee hive t-shirt after that episode
Some people are just naturally bread for combat.
Why would you even try to defend this?
Where are you at that teachers can't unionize? Our union does a pretty good job of fighting for us (I think they could have pushed harder against mandatory time in school, but no one's perfect) Some of it is super strict. Like we had to re jig our schedule and supervision a little. It was putting some teachers a few minutes under their agreed upon breaks and the union wouldn't allow it.
My grandmother loved traveling. She spent time in pretty much any country I can name and she brought back souvenirs from every corner of the globe. She bought these [these cutout pictures] (https://imgur.com/gallery/OO6w3ow) back from China 40-50ish years ago. They recently resurfaced and we're curious about the writing in the bottom corner of each one. Is it the name of the artist? Or some information about the picture itself? Also since the pictures are actually cutouts, they can be viewed from both sides. So we weren't sure if we have some of them backwards or not. Any help would really be appreciated.
I think they tried and no one was willing to take the money. I remember people asking why they didnt just offer a little more till someone took it.
I worked at a school that kept track of your pages and would get after you if you went over your limit. Luckily I discovered that if you out your stuff on a USB drive and plugged it right into the printer, it wouldn't count it.
Summer depression? I spend half the year waiting for summer.
Larry is fun since he's almost always "right", but willing to be an asshole just to make a point.
What is it about Curse of Strahd, that makes it pop up so much in this sub?
I literally could not handle this. Hell my school gave students access to the printer. When I got tired of printing off sheets for students that lost them, I could tell them to print it themselves off the google classroom.
No clue. It was a custom mp5 but I just found it on the ground when I was coming out of the gulag.
I think I still would have died while I stood there smoking a cigar.
They made basketballs with hand prints on them as well.
