I am the head chef of a restaurant and chewed my boss out once for coming to work sick.
Not that hard with 30-ish% of the populations beeing overweight.
Exactly. And now fuck off! /s
as if there aint enough porn out there. I bet she does not look much different from any other women.
That is as if a fat CoD playing neckbeard tells a trained SEAL (or any special operator) that he (neckbeard) would win in a shooting competition.
No one did see that one coming xD
We aint china .. yet
The gunplay in Andromeda was good. The rest was meh. As first title of a new franchise it would have been good enough. But not as a continuation of the OT
*Heavy breathing intesifies*
Well, first order of the day. "Hongkong" Second order of the day "Muslim concentration camp" Third order of the day "Suck a dick"
Yes, but those are outliers. Most men find women with healthy weight and good proportions attractive. And vice versa
Yeah, he could be better, could also a lot worse i think
Yeah, he destroys any intention of mine to get a lock. I want to get a kryptonite for my moms bike because is *is* a nice bike. That bastard picks an expensove lock in 3 seconds...
ah crap. the answer should have been for a comment higher. Both don't have the "gay look". At least not as first glance. His partner is a sucker for public attention. There was a meeting with mutiple heads of states. And there was a picture with the "first ladies". All the women had a face as if someone had killed a puppy. Just the dude had a huge smile in his face
They just look, behave and move different than straight men. Can't really explain better.
Ascend Online and Dungeon Lord
Damn...Monster Rancher. Haven't heaed that one in a long time edit; Typo
Nah. I've watched the anime.
I had a friend over once when i had a grill party. We were all over 18, his mom knew where he was and his mom knows me. She called him 3-4 times that evening and after midnight she called again. Instead of letting him answering the call i asked for the phone. I asked her if she knew where he was. I told her she knows me and i asked her *why* she was still up so late at night. She stopped calling that evening
And in my country there are plans in motion to make the entry test for fitness easier because to many potential recruits fail. Good now you have a bunch of unfit recruits.
Yeah, i don't think so. There was a mutiny once over something like a cookie. If the recruits get to pt to much that'll be reduced too.
Wow. My parents and a good chunk of my family know that i can't stand my oldest sister. Everyone tries to make it work and be nice. She is a fucking minefield filled with IEDs. I can't be arsed with that bullshit.
There is no nope big enough to describe this
I actually want to chime in.
I hope the person stealing my (700€) sunglasses have good pills against headache. They are not strong but strong enough to give a non wearer a splitting headache.
There are a few redditors wanting to foot the bill for a new one.
And the 5.7 × 28 ammo is kinda pricy too
Most fondant is just cacao and palmoil. Making a real couverture is kinda hard because the temperature of the chocolat is really, no REALLY important
Nein Nein Nein!
Child Pageants
it bored the ever living fuck out of me. Back then i had school on saturdays and sundays was the only day i could have slept in, but nooo. We all had to dress up nicely and go to fuckin church.
and in the same moment injuring themselves with used needles.
Wow..that escalated quickly
You posted the same thing i wrote seconds before i did xD
At my place these cars cost easily 50k€. With a stronger € that makes almost one of these cars for the price of two
We can arrange for that though
While waving the confederate flag and drinking space beer? Space Rednecks
Imho the US aint the best countey in the world. But you dont have to live in the best country to have a decent live. It could be much worse.
Crowder has gained a lot more though. He came out stronger
You know the channel World War 2. It covers the happenings of ww2 in a weekly manner as if it is happening right now. It has lost almost everything because in ww2 the word nazi was quite common. And because the dude says nazi or nazis a billion times per episode the algorithm goes nuts on his channel
And somehow they *seem* to share the same traits
They can join for non combat roles imho.
So.many.good.soundtracks. The Witcher 3 Metroid Prime Trillogy Mass Effect OT The Legend of Zelda. Halo I could go on and on and on.
Foresight
It is about the fucking picture you moron, not the feet. You can't just go around and snap pictures of people and put them on social media.
Ever heard of context? I guess not, because else you would have understood it. Or do you need pictures with every word so you can understand everything?
the black people i have enountered tend to be loud and dislike swimming.
I am the Harbinger of your destruction! my reaction "fuuuuuu what did we just stumble over?!"
well, if they would not shut down nuklear and rebuild coal gas would maybe not so needed.
For me it was the music for the crones.
Doom The Elder Scrolls Dragon Age The sea shanties in Assassins Creed Black Flag
And i even wrote it wrong. Didn't Sovereign say that he is the Vanguard of our destruction? Harbinger was, well, Harbinger
One of my first console games. And back then it was Hard for me. Now i can blaze through the game without much issue
Fuck man...and i thought i am fly with 5 languages
Popular
And this is one of the reasons i do not get a Dobermann. I really like that breed but am not quite certain that i would be able to care well enough for the critter
In the end it boils down to hurt feelings. It is as bogus a law as the law of gross offence in the UK
You fuckin muppet!
popular
And you sound like you have been gurgling a gay wonks' juice
Yeah no. the dude in question had/has that words on his twitter bio.
And there was hope you'd know a meme
me neither.
I want to buy a Kryptonite for my mom to use on her bike. and that bugger picks it like itnis no ones buisness
I want to give my mom a kryptonite bike lock because she has a *nice* bike. But noooo, You pick it like "yeah, who needs keys lol" -_-
I made a joke man
Most likely the later one.
Watched some Belle Delphine, didn't you?
unpopular
Ozzy the MAN! Damn, the internet is a small place after all xD
popular
If you like Ozzy, you might also know Isaac Butterfield?
My oldest Sister. She is a minefield filled with IEDS wich are so full of themselves that i am impressed they can still blow up. Over the last 6 or so years i might have seen her 10 times. 5 times for christmas where everyone walks on eggshells, except me because i like to poke fun at everyone, even IEDs. And then other random occasions when we met at my parents/granparents and i could not dodge the occasion fast enough. My family tries to be all nice and put up with her antics but i can't be arsed with that BS
I tell you son, you waste way to much time with your stupid ass video games. All while sitting hours on end on facebook
Oh, that one was awesome. "Nah, i don't trust you" *surprised Pikachu face*
popular
Yeah, you americans are nuts with credit cards and credits in general (imho). I've seen so many videos and pictures of homes that look like shit but a bigass car in front of it. I have one nonphysical credit card to buy shit on the internet and it is limited to 300 bucks.
and because of that the black people today who had never ever anything to do with slavery and lynchmobs can be racist as fuck. Ok got it
My grandpa was drafted by the nazis to fight against the russians in stalingrad.. so i can be racist against germans because their forfathers did something terrible to mine?
No. I am not german. My country was under nazi occupation
He still is not better though
Dungeon Lord, Ascend Online and Limitless Lands come into mind.
Do you actually see the context of the whole part or is the "trump" part of the quote clogging everything up?
You should listen to the podcast small town murder then. 2 comedians make fun of small towns in the middle of buttfuck nowhere, where terrible murders have taken place
Yeah. And i might lean far out of the window but because of outrage culture trump has won 2016 and will win 2020.
Recently is relative.. The best ones for me are Ascend Online, Dungeon Lord and The System Apocalypse
everyone seems to be outeaged quickly these days
And the dude wearing it seeking beef with everyone...and than getting his arm into a kimora (i think that is how its spelled) by a scawny dude)
reminds me of that "kid hit by a meteor comic" fuck me. Poor driver
They need [this](https://youtu.be/RJz84Etso2s) Spongebob. Starts at 6.20
Damn, he is ripped
NTA. If you think people wont retort because you are overweight, you should not be making snarky remarks about weight
could you really call him a fag though.
Those choso spirits did fuck me up good. Now i just let em catch a powermissile with their face
Who needs firepower when rocking these guns?
Money can buy lots of fun. And when you are to old to work, it can continue to buy fun instead of being miserable
Jokes help to cope and make terrible thing less terrible
Oh yeah, it is a deep deep rabbit hole =)
So..a chubby chasing baiter i see
yeah, no. Your body needs a certain amount of calories to work. If you go under that amount you lose weight, if you go over you gain.
I have yet to play BotW...i have also to buy a switch too, but everytime i stand before it, i look in the future and see a new shiny car waving that would go further away every time i'd buy a shiny new toy.
Unpopular
And this is why i did not hook up with the totally burning hot girl out of my class(she did hit on me very obvious). As much personality as an empty shoe box.
Isnt he somewhat regular with jujimufu?
You know if there are any recordings of both events?
No, they are called plain communists
Well, i guess you have been eating genetically altered food all your life.
&gt;Taiwan Invasion? What would they do? China won't invade. They can and would win, but the isle would be in total ruins and the chiese military would have a damn bloody nose.
crossbreeding is also genetically modification. Just on a much broader scale. And almost everything we eat today is crossbred
And i dare to guess that the man is often evicted despite being the victim
There is a luxembourgish one called Castellani. affmob.lu
Nah. The GT 63 S is the best looking one.
No, if the women hits the man and the man defends himself. As soon as thr women has visible lesions, the man is fucked.
*imho* it was justified retaliation for the attack on the US embassy.
The french have a working aircraft carrier though. And i am quite certain the germans get their shit together when their international trade is in danger.
But the endings only change according to your interactions with her after you found her iirc. The subplot with the crones is different and there one needs to be damn carefull how one goes to solve it.
I had to zoom quite a lot and have to say, it is right xD
The writing on the bin makes it so much better.
Drink that weird potion!
Open up the world fastest courier service. Packages up to 30kg.
If i had acces to guns, i'd buy the FN FiveseveN in a pinch.
&gt;Heman, not so much I think his victims even less. Fuck that dude.
Well, i'd take it as a win to *not* see Paris
You will feel awfull all your life. Get your ass into gear and start working out. Change your diet if need to.
Put it in the bank and not worry for quite some time.
Are you sure about that?
Shush! Vikings!
No. I aint american.
There are salves and oils that relieve a bit amof muscle and joint aches. Try them
I am not sure if RE5 is "scary" to start with.
Hasan ... who? Hasan Piker?
Basicly Deus Ex wich falls under Cyber Punk
We use real measurements, not some [weird arbitrary system](https://theoatmeal.com/pl/senior_year/science)
My time to shine. Years ago at a friends we dug out super soakers. Lots of running around "tactical". In his garden there is a wall i wanted to jump on, but i got one of my feet hooked on a tiny ledge and lost my balance. I proceeded to fall down tactically on the other side, scraping the right side of my torso on the edge of said wall, all the way down. I got a nice wallrash, my face did almost catch my fall and my friend had an epic story to tell because he did see me and my shenanigans.
I feel terrible for the victims when listening to true crime podcasts
The "i do not care about that shit" one.
Trying to act normal. I work with a lot of objectively attractive women. So, i get better at it =) I still look at their bums though.
Cutting tatami is quite difficult to do. The sharpness of the weapon is of secondary importance as long as the angle of cutting and cutting/slicing motion is good.
Shit.
To put characters into a role just because they are X and X being the only thing that defines them is wrong. Why not having characters that haben to be X
there is no reverse racism. There is just racism
Dive! -But sir, this is a destroyer. I said DIVE! -Yes sir!
Lol. *Buying* a car is the easy part. Not selling it after 6 months because the upkeep is expensive is the hard part.
yep. Just i am not experienced enough with dogs, don't have space and time to get one.
A sugar skull and one of Odins' Ravens. We'll see.
And it does not mean that you are eternally young either.
Cage's hair was the real mvp
The funny thing is, the book you're quoting contains the polar opposite of good morals too.
He has seen first hand what substance abuse does to someone. That is why he does not drink. edit; typo
Yeah. Did hurt like a motherfucker. Happens not often that my body gives me such conflicted signals xD
My Soldiers in XCOM all wear only the best imperial gear
Someone browses the world of warships subreddit i see.
Some sportsbets, like germany winning 7 to 1 against brazil in the worldcup (the whole match is on youtube btw), bitcoin (duh), lotto numbers (duh) and investement tips for my dad. For quality of life, i'd start working out much much earlier
That is why i won't judge people who have a beer at 6 or 7 in the morning. That might very well be their evening.
Hey Becky!? Want sum phuck?
Would not be the first time when that happened though. Bad guy gets fucked up and then goes to the cops.
The whole AMG cars are bonkers imho. Small-ish engines with huge amount of output. The A45 has a 2L fourbanger with 381 or 410 (or 420 don't remember) hp. That is insane.
I know =) I own one
Learning spanish. looking into course options right now
I think so. Official, sanctionned by (my countries governenent) endorsed language institute, where one can learn a whole bunch of languages.
Piss and shit fetish
nice buildings in russia? fake
As an icecreamtruck driver/vendor
well, he has fuck you money. Why not do what one wants then?
Doctors without borders use at least 50% of the donations to fuel their own bureaucracy.
Without time to write down some lotto jackpots, i'd go with btc, the bet that germany beats brazil 7 to 1, tell my dad to invest in apple, netfliy and amazon.
Yeah, but poor white people who live in trailers are called white trash, not hillbillies.
&gt;and even then that's only because they're convenient But they taste absolutely awful.
I america you can (*almost*) say whatever the fuck you want. Unlike most other countries where you can get canned when you rustle someones jimmies.
Hand in essais amirite?
Where the fuck are you living? 10-15 is maybe a jacket depending cloudcover. As long as the weather aint shitty 15+ is no jacket. Maybe even t shirt.
[Wo bist du mein Sonnenlicht](https://youtu.be/Mue6Vc_T9Ds)
As a dude? Be *very* attractive. Else you're most likely wasting your time
Yes.
Wohoo and i had double digits °C at my place yesterday. In friggin january!
because *you* think it is bad to pass time does not make it bad. Time one spend enjoying is not wasted time.
[Dubsteb](https://youtu.be/_6Au0xCg3PI)
Yeah, no. You're so incredible wrong. Almost every scientific theory about reality disproves the bible.
Listen to the "Small town murder" podcast. Two comedians break down weird and fucked up murder stories that happened in the ass end of buttfuck nowhere. Quite entertaining, if you can switch off empathy for the victims and their families. It is very rough to listen to it sometimes.
&gt;Besides that, you think these theories disprove the bible probably because you have taken symbolic language too literally. So, did god create the earth in 6 days or not? And if it is symbolic how the hell is one supposed to get a clear answer? Why can't it precise to prevent contradictions and room for ambiguity?
Tase his shoes!
If you "hate sweating" your options are *severely* limited. Every semi decent work out gets you sweaty
I am \*listening\* to the Dresden Files. &amp;#x200B; Problem is, i do not commute that long, so the only time i have time to listen is in bed. And then i fall asleep to fast to progress xD
*I do not remember hearing this part*
Don't forget Powerwolf
Yes. I hope Butcher hurries the fuck up though.
Deus Vult!
I don't get that far. I am to shy to start -_-'
If she is incomfortable with a situation, she should never feel pressured to stay. She should always be able to say so/ just leave. Don't get absolutely shitfaced. People tend to do stupid shit when pissdrunk.
Well, *that* is a fetish xD. you be you. Btw, check out the world best women crossfit athletes. They.are.ripped!
Yeah, no one wants to see how chicken, cows and fish are killed, emptied and cut in pieces. NO one wants to see what the "waste" is used for.
Throw enough shit at the wall and see what sticks. Browse big subs with the "new" or "rising" filter on while answering and commenting.
Someone watches a netflix series =)
Heart attack while sleeping
She touching me because she is more touchy feely than others? She touching me because she likes me?
My beard makes me look my age. So yeah, i try to grow it out.
&gt;and humane animal treatment Then do not go to france. Afaik all meat (except pork) is HALAL wich is not really slaughtered in a humane way.
*BE* actually tired. If your body is not tired but your mind is, chances are that you sleep shit. Start working out or any regular activity that makes you tired.
[Run away](https://youtu.be/7FPELc1wEvk)
My first wish being that the other two will not and under no circumstances will be maliciouly understood. I.e. if i were to wish for immortality i'd get eternal youth in the package. 2. I win the Jackpot of every lottery i'd play with me as the only winner each time. 3. I wish that you be released from this chore of granting wishes. Without your freedom backfiring on anyone.
Frogman?
Black adder, someone? He was king for like 2 or 3 minutes.
And they *finally* got his wife pregnant. There are rumors going around that William is gay.
Steampunk all the way. A pain to clean, but hey, unlimited recources
At least there you know what yoh have xD
Yeah, no. Not going to happen xD
Wow, if *Buzzfeed* of al things does something right, it must really be fucked up
They need to make a *real* third part.
Aint you cuntfusing something?
&gt;step 5 join the papel guards I hope you're swiss because only swiss man are eligible for the papal guard.
Not much change there then.
In the context of boxing the gloves help you punch harder. What do you *you* think i am talking about? HEMA?
Video game as in handheld or console? Handheld was Super Mario for Game Boy and console was The Legend of Zelda: The WindWaker. I get some serious nostalgia flashes when thinking about it.
&gt;the owners staged big village parties there but not anymore Maybe to get favour for local elections. Then not getting elected anymore and stopping because of it
Not voting corbin *is* their best interest. He is a bad choice.
I can get behind 1,2 and 7. One needs to be careful with 8 and 10 is a shitshow of epic proportions.
&gt;The conspiracy theory is that they're all muslims being protected by the government That's a new one. One reason why is that they did not get proscecuted out of fear of being labeled racist.
That particular one aint a conspiracy theory.
THAT would be a clusterfuck of epic proportions. Chinas own little vitenam.
I will steal that one
Because of the \*need to cap fast\* rush?
That is why the european dds are great. No smoke to start with, so you HAVE to be careful.
So, would you suggest to build the smaland more like a gunboat than a torpedoboat? I want to grind freexp to get her because i rather like the european dds
Okay. I just need another 1.3 milion freexp xD
IF there would be a war between India and China, the PLA needs all its resources for that one. I am quite sure that the Chinese can't manage a war at the same time with India AND Taiwan. &amp;#x200B; Don't take my word for it, i am just an armchair admiral right now.
Hold on for another tier 10?
Look away kids. Violence to smol botes
The way he writes english just screaaaaams german.
Deal with it and blurr out the name
Right now, i really like the way the DDs play. Lets see if that is still the case when i arrive at the 2mil freexp
No, because it is naming and shaming, wich is against the rules
Why? Coal is way better than sea cancer
Sky cancer at t4 is godawful. No AA. They just run over you
i have 700k free xp. I just do not want to waste it on a ship i might not like after all
[How to Scharnhorst](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4t-j1Kaeg4w) You know that the Asashio torps only hit BB and CV, right?
Happens more often than you'd think.
eww is such an awful answer
&gt; He should have used a condom or made sure the woman was on some sort of birth control. It is \*his\* job to ensure that the women has some kind of birth control? "I am on the pill" \-"Show me!" seems kind of a moodkiller.
Well, friesland can deal with a bit of planes.
Be cautious. Don't rush ahead and try to get a the cap as fast as you can. If you have to chose between a risky and a less risky manoeuver take the less risky one. Being dead doesnt help you or the team. Don't be the first one spotted. Use islands as cover to disengage.
And then dance on the grave of your foes!
TJ still alive?
And even with context people whine and bitch. Remember or know about a certain scotish pug?
&gt;cash in on the hate Not sure about that though.
You know that the alt-right hates Carl, right?
And then a good chunk of em would be shooting at each other like they are doing already.
I am 31 and act like i am 15. Being a bit carefree makes life easier imho
Nope. Because there have been quite a few pictures recently of black people with guns protesting *peacefully* who did not get arrested. These posts did blow up with the usual "hurr durr they dont get arrested because they are armed hurr". The fact that they did ir peacefully and according to their local laws is a teeny weeny detail that tends to get forgotten.
Ebola outbreak in the Congo ... oh wait.
I can get my winnings anonymusly.
His legal council is good if you [believe this guys](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzGiDDKdphJ0GFvEd82WfYQ) assessment of it.
[I think Slayer would work equally well.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2FKu5HKiR0)
The german politicians making their military more attractive? Suuure
NuMbErS aRe RaCiSt
And because you are poor and badly educated means you are forced to pull the trigger?
&gt; Jalapenos &gt; &gt; aren't that hot and grow anywhere. They are very fuckin hot for me. &gt; Carolina Reaper, habaneros Wich i am trying to grow right now. The plants start getting big-ish. I hope they have their first blossoms in a month or two =D
I know =)
Yeah. They grow quite slow compared to the others. I have habaneros, large red cherrys a thay dragon that grow really well. Did prune one of em to make it bushier.
One is a religious and kinda opressive costum while the other is for your own and for others safety. &amp;#x200B; One is not like the other.
Well, i'd work full time on reddit. It would be easy to make a shitton of money. &amp;#x200B; I'd buy a nice car and then use the rest to get a loan for a nice penthouse somewhere.
Money.
yay. high five! Happy cakeday
I'd never say i would eat em xD I think this year is more of growing the plants big enough for next year.
The movie was so incredibly bad, but that line was awesome xD
Yeah. Like G.I. Joe, Transformers or The Expendables this movie is just there to be watched. Switch of brain and drown in the effects.
A movie does not need to be good to be entertaining.
Suddenly rona aint important anymore
And shutting the fuck up snd getting a lawyer is a right almost every western country. Except the UK where silence will \*also\* used against you.
And then the dude got called a white supremacists. HE of all people
Yes. Still the same.
There are laws against that. Again. What is a right blsck people do not have?
Or the Black Coffee Rifle Company.
In modern naval combat there are only submarines and targets.
And here we see, how an inflamatory headline can turn a whole story around.
I quote u/OxfordTheCat: &gt;So, recapping what's in the article: &gt; &gt;RCMP stop the intoxicated Chief who is a passenger in the truck with expired plates, recently released from the police impound after being stolen by his daughter who was charged with driving without a license. &gt; &gt;When the RCMP officer is questioning the driver the intoxicated passenger continually attempts to intervene. &gt; &gt;When the RCMP find it necessary to detain the driver, he *leaves the truck to confront the RCMP officer and interfere with the detainment.* &gt; &gt;He attempts to stop the officer from handcuffing her and then *threatens the RCMP officer*. &gt; &gt;The whole thing ends with predictable results and more police arrive, subdue him, and he gets arrested and charged. &gt; &gt;I'm glad there is the police video of the incident, that it is being used against him in court, and I hope they release it. &gt; &gt;If you get out of your truck, drunk, to interfere with an arrest and then threaten a police officer, you're probably going to get arrested. &gt; &gt;The Chief has non life threatening, cosmetic injuries sustained after threatening a police officer and resisting arrest. &gt; &gt;Seems entirely appropriate to me.
NuMbErS aRe RaCiSt!
I am talking about elite =D
It does not.
Maybe finally a motivation for some of the european NATO states to pick up the slack?
That stuff is mostly surplus from the military they got for free or very cheap.
Hmm. And guess how long it'll be after budget cuts?
You afraid that SC becomes too realistic? What server are you playing wows on?
Derelict.
damn. So after 2018 one could AGAIN make even more money with it. I really need to be looking more at that. It'll crash ..again. and then it'll go up ... again.
Belgium alone is not enough of a signal. If the UK would do, other countries might follow faster.
I don't think a lot of what happened lately have people pushed away from voting Trump, but in reverse i'd not be surprised if a lot of people who were voting dems or sitting on the fence go for Trump now.
Imho this is the best campaign a (conservative) politician can hope for.
I am actually at the place where the arrow \*is\* and not where it is pointing at. It sucks sure, but i can't muster any empathy.
roof ... arabs? &amp;#x200B; like that video of that women complaining about arabs guarding their store from people like her.
And then we get another 4 years of whining and bitching and after that another 4 because Ted Cruz is gonna win xD &amp;#x200B; or something like that.
Working again,wich i am not used to anymore after 3 months of nothing. And still happy that we do not have anything like a HOA here. Imagine some people telling you what to or not to do with YOUR property.
Wich is a terrible idea.
Or people who think that defunding police is a absolutely moronic idea. And different opinions
Mineapolis does not have a plan.
Because that is the city most of the shit of disbanding and defunding police force goes on.
First and second degree murder and rape
Don't care. Fir some crimes people should never see the light of day again.
Paying the off the huge debt France has?
France had an easy 2380 billion € debt the last quarter of 2019.
It is quite high for an European country. But all the countries are a bit much in debt
That is an unterstatement. He is a massive cunt.
If you want small numbers of national debt, you newd to go to Luxembourg. It has 14ish billion of debt.
You do not know the french. Protesting, striking and rioting is a national pass time there.
I see what you did there xD
Does not make the debt that much better.
A lot of european countries have know austerity for years now. And the socialist parties who want to stay in coalition with the ruling parties say nothing against that. That is (imho) one of the reasons the pendulum is edging slowly but steadily to the right.
This is gonna backfire. They are pushing the people into the Trump camp with all that "if you not for us, you are against us" bs edit; typo
And after Trump there will be another republican. Like Ted Cruz or the Eyepatch guy.
*cries in european*
Nothing because they are "only 30 people and it is a club house". Kinda new to me that there is a minimum required for a secession.
I don't think it are all of em. just a very loud minority wich is being pandered to. That is why you see shows tank and comicd being canceled left, right and center. Because the majority can't be arsed to drink the cool aid. And the ones whining have never endured real hardship so they need to create some for their lives having some exitement.
In Luxembourg the campsites are overrun by the dutch
Looks are fading. Personality stays.
When someone is holding up a full bus the driver generally does not have to do something. He just turns off the engine and waits. Sooner or later one or more passengers get fed up and kick out the one causing delay
You really need to see that video of that british soldier fucking a shemale in Thailand xD He goes on and on about how her dick is bigger than his. Think of the preference what you want but it is funny as hell.
250k. Not enough to buy a decent apartment at my place. Depending where even not enough to get a loan for one. If the money would ve converted into real money all the time i'd stop working and spam snarky and edgy answers all day. Something is bound to get upvoted a lot.
Did not see that one comming.
Although i am not happy with the end of book 4, i have high hopes that Hugo will turn it into something good. Ed will come stronger out of it. Maybe he finds a way to bring guns or something like that ... and modern clothing and shoes.
Purge the unclean! Purge it with holy fire! For the Immortal Empe.. hmm. Wrong universe but i guess it still aplies
And the audibook version of that line is ... creepy as fuck!
Looks like they too become high on petty power. Has been seen countless times.
The Swiss Guard is not a police force. It is an army.
He said it. He'd prefer Weeb over ... dont know. Aint important. He prefers Weeb!
Bunch o' nice cars. How was the ride?
Don't give her a map though.
Oh, what could possibly go wrong?
Neither does the US police. But yeah, the whole "With us or against us" pushes more people in the against camp as they might think.
Yeah. I know. It is absurd.
The same oppressive capitalist system thatv lets you say shit like that without repercussion. Yeah, you sound logical ... not.
What about the rant thing? Still banned?
Life is about 25 years there. So if they aint stupid they will be out waaay earlier.
Well, i hope the judge does not come up with some bullshit leniancy. Where he/she pulls something out of his/her ass about forgiveness etc.
You try to assume a whole lot what other people think because they do not tell you how and what they think.
Well, I am a chef and she is a Maitre d'Hotel (head server). The the restaurant i am working in, has a main kitchen downstairs and a grill area in the dining room. The menu is split between downstairs and ground floor. I was on the groundfloor and there was a dish being send up of wich she did not like the visual. She started asking me what my thoughts were of the way the dish was presented on the plate. I refused a comment because i do not comment on the work of my fellow chefs to others except the chef itself. She did not like it one bit. She kept pushing and i became less and less friendly until she took out her phone to snap a picture of the dish. Without thinking i uttered following phrase: "Oh, the Stasi (eastern Germany secret police) has arrived?" Damn, she did not like it.one.bit. But i did not care and there was work to be done. She huffed and left me alone after that. Since then she is awfully friendly towards me. edit; typo
The colour of their team clothes.
Darkwing Duck. &amp;#x200B; I am the pebble in your shoe. I am the Jailor that throws away the key!
Really? Why?
Well, a stungun is technically unlethal but you know what a cop can't do when he/she is stunned? Retain his/her gun. And it opens you up to further harm because you can't move. Catching a fall is one of the things you can't do anymore for example.
I am conident in my work and show that i have confidence in the work of my other chefs. Specially in front of people who i do not share the kitchen with. It is a hard enough job already without backstabbing and all that shit.
I have the explanation what happened further down the comments. If she could not handle a snarky chef, she has chosen tge wrong job.
A bit of fresh garlic and mustard give your food an extra spring.
And we'd still live in caves. Competition is good for progress
Invest in every major company in this earth and nudge them into directions i see as right. While making *more* money
Uncook that cut of meat. Or i get asked to make rare chicken/porc meat. Yeah, that aint happening.
What others might or might not think about you. Hint; they don't care about you because they worry way to much what others might or might not think about em. Because the less fucks you give the better.
Indeed =)
Lel.
wooosh
Damn, never seen it that way.
Healthy food costs a bit more time than unhealthy food. But then involve your kind into it. Teach him/her to cook. Or both of you learn cooking.
Something aint computing there
sure skiing is that much better for your knees?
Maybe because they complied?
I wouldn't assume anything.
Well, if she and her bf aint stupid, they are set for life. I disagree with what she was doing, but i can't fault her for doing it. There is a market, why not exploiting it. I am quite certain that i would do the same-ish thing if i had the same assets.
Reduced in more white dudes got hired. For the source, i try to find it once i am home.
Okay, i see. Thanks. My brain jumped a few words and because of that i did not understand.
High on petty power.
What did you do to get 4 mill in one shift?
After two times i can't be bothered anymore.
Working as a chef with glasses is a pain. They need to fit really good so they don't fall down everythime you look down. And theb the fogging up with grease vapors all the time. I am lucky enough that i need my glasses only to drive else it would be a HUGE pita.
Oh, a literal Troll. Sorry, my bad.
Right now, i think it is almost better to salvage small ships in one shift over a big ship over a few shifts.
should have used a cricket bat
And you can be certain that these people and close friends/family won't be overly friendly to the "cause"
And it is pushing people away instead of winning them over.
It is quite a shitshow there it seems.
Muslims do not care about other muslims. Or at least, being muslim is not enough reason for other muslims to care.
And men will not fuck everything they see. I am quite certain a lot of women would die alone and sad if there are not enough men to go around.
Well, that sucks. &amp;#x200B; And, yes. Fusion reactors are little suns. A wee bit bright.
I could not make myself cut a Daedalus to pieces.
That is why in WWII the air had to be absolutely saturated with ordinance to have a somewhat decent AA cover.
Well, a small chance to shoot an attacker down is still better than no chance at all.
As far as i know there is one on Wandhaff
The Authors of Dungeon Lord, Ascend Online, System Apocalypse aaaand (just for the salt) of The Land. Although some of em are quite active already here. As narrators, the whole (or part of) Soundbooth team, Nick Podehl and Luke Daniels.
His questlog is longer than mine after playing a few hours of Skyrim.
I did nazi that coming.
Yes. There is no persistancy
As if that is the only thing a country could have done.
Yep. It really is.
And now the Kid has "fuck you money" because the big msm has no integrity.
Yeah sure.The roosting has going on for years and years.
Or very tired.
Being an asshole does not make someone wrong.
Someone did it with mine some time ago. And my comments can be a bit spicy.
Because reddit says so. And MSM. Because when you agree with em they aint biased anymore.
Back then there were more important things than that. The survival of your own nation for example. *You* should know that.
Either they seem to notice that they can even work \*more\* **or** they notice that they can work the same but under way less pressure of the daily commute.
Another one? &amp;#x200B; Damn.
fall out of my bed.
The willy nilly aplication of rules. A shitty algorythm.
Lets see how fast that goes down the drain.
Au service.
Depends on the context imho. The phrase by itself if neutral. I use it for good and bad situations.
Hehehe. Even for words like these people who are fluent in german need some time to decipher =D
Talk to them? You'd be surprised.
3 months. I started at 60 kilos and after 6 months i was at 70. Have had that weight for years now. I would really like to have 10 more but i can't gain em. And the idea of eating more than i need over a long time makes me go *urgh*
that is even worse. xD Had to read it out loud
I am happy they made such a change. It is hideous.
You pay, then you send in the bill (with reciept) to CNS. &amp;#x200B; If it is your first time and you havent send them your bank details, they send it back and ask for em. &amp;#x200B; Once they know where to send the money you'll get it back rather quickly.
.... ^You ^got ^a ^point
I would not put it as much as I need someone to cook for me. I am plenty able to do it myself. I am a chef. What i want is a partner who is able to take care of herself.
I am not a native german speaker but close enough. No, we still need to think. Somwhere down the chain some dude posted an ever longer one. Reading out loud was needed to get it
It was my pleasure. Routine controls get reimbursed almost 100%. For my last dentist visit i got 92€ back. I paid 95€
I never went, and probably never will. Still i think a lot of the people here create problems to solve because they are bored.
My best bud is gay. ... Kay. Still wanna grab a drink?
All of em.
Thanks. I got ear cancer from that text alone.
be careful. A lot of people on reddit do not see it that way
Or Mount and Blade 2. That one was a lot of fun but very unstable when it was released in EA a few months ago.
shut up cyanide
dude, i am sure there are a lot more "valuable" channels out there. Like Kurzgesagt, Cgp Grey, World War Two and so on.
Why did i google search that?
Had an enemy Yugumo using its guns against me while i was in a ostergotland. His torps were on cooldown and he was spotted. Not the worst decision he made i think.
Soo, what was this all about?
Weeeel, you're wrong. Jesus said himself he did not come to change the old rules. And if the old rulesndo not apply anymore, what is with the 10 commandements?
Thanks man, now i got my hopes up &amp;#x200B; I might have read something along the lines of september. But because i can't remember where i got it from it could and probably is completely wrong.
never ever tattoo someones name on your body.
One should not get locked up for doing drugs. One should get locked up for dealing with em.
People try to act a bit shocked when i say that newborns are ugly little bastards. =D They are cute and all but they *are* ugly motherfuckers.
Jokes make horrible things less horrible and easier to deal with.
You can twist that to I am not as stupid as you look.
I give it to a Zoo to take care of it. I still own it.
Yes, still he also threatened the dude with violence
then i hope you'll never go "no contact"
When people learn that a lot of pre teen or early teenage boys are voiced by women ...
Only 20 minutes?
World of Warships
I can't deal with the grind in that game
&gt;Most governments protect free speech nowadays They actually don't
Are we talking about the indigenous leader who did the following things during a traffic stop? &amp;#x200B; &gt;RCMP stop the intoxicated Chief who is a passenger in the truck with expired plates, recently released from the police impound after being stolen by his daughter who was charged with driving without a license. &gt; &gt;When the RCMP officer is questioning the driver the intoxicated passenger continually attempts to intervene. &gt; &gt;When the RCMP find it necessary to detain the driver, he leaves the truck to confront the RCMP officer and interfere with the detainment. &gt; &gt;He attempts to stop the officer from handcuffing her and then threatens the RCMP officer. &gt; &gt;The whole thing ends with predictable results and more police arrive, subdue him, and he gets arrested and charged.
In his hands all ships are OP.
&gt;natural redheads are fairly rare. Like 2% rare.
Dude i wanted to tell that one.
There are more bacteries in you than there is *you*
Prime Videos' The Boys shows it pretty accuratly.
The heat-death of the universe is so unfathomly far away, that your immediate concern should be more the death our sun.
Has been a few months. Does not ring a bell as of now. Need to rewatch i think
Why not do it with ALL religions then?
No, but in a reasonable society one should still be able to question ideas, ideologies and concepts without having a mob with pitchforks and torches showing up.
There are more bacterial cells in and on you than there are your cells in and on you.
Or trolls reporters. That one who answered with "i did not think ..." He gets a smirk in his face and says "we know you don't" Glorious burn xD
Got some vid for that?
some drama surrounding flamu. He got shadowbanned on the main subreddit and it was a "mistake". One that got only corrected after there was a stink about it.
well, i'll be damned where the fuck does this come from? https://amp-welt-de.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/amp.welt.de/regionales/nrw/article208776475/Unter-dem-Helm-ein-Nazi.html?amp_js_v=a3&amp;amp_gsa=1&amp;usqp=mq331AQFKAGwASA%3D#aoh=15931977848966&amp;referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp;amp_tf=Von%20%251%24s&amp;ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.welt.de%2Fregionales%2Fnrw%2Farticle208776475%2FUnter-dem-Helm-ein-Nazi.html
YTA. And a one with crooked moral too.
well, there is plenty more to shake ones head over
I do not need to DISprove anything. Need to prove it at the first place.
Well, that would be a wee bit more believable. Not much, just a bit.
One can cross reference. If there is written statement of something happening on a large scale and geological evidence corroborates written report one can be quite certain that it happened. Volcanic eruptions, earth quakes and floods for example. Tree rings are also a good indicator.
So, you're asserting things without evidence. In that case it can be discarded without evidence.
I do not need evidence. You do know how the burden of proof works, right? The one making the statement needs to prove it. I am just sitting on the sideline and waiting for evidence you are not brining. The same thing applies to any faith. A lot of assertions but in the end, no tangible evidence.
Apple being like; "No one spies on iphone users but us!"
&gt; not everything can be explained by science or defenitions Not yet, but we'll get there. &gt; As I said once you figure out what religion is, come back here and we can discuss it. That is awfully condescending of you. How about *YOU* figure out what religion is, come back here and we can discuss it.
&gt;I already did, you didnt No, you *think* you did, but you did not. You're wrong. &amp;#x200B; &gt;And no science will never ve able to explain some things Wrong again. We're on our best way.
&gt; Even the Chaos Computer Club — Europe's largest association of hackers — has signaled its approval. I don't care. I do not get more tracking on my phone. "For the greater good".
&gt; Whatsapp Nope &gt; messenger Nope &gt; snap Wtf is snapchat? /s If you did not notice, Nope &gt; insta lemme think about it. Ah yes, Nope.
So, the power finally got to their heads?
Is your username any indication of your "real you"?
how old are you? You have any hobbies?
Because your experience is all engulfing, right? The other men that are confident and get the girl do not count? Almost every reply made by you is about being handsome and attractive. If that is all you go by, you are are interesting as a Faberge egg. Nice to look from the outside, but perfectly hollow from the inside.
&gt; I'm not gonna say my age. I see, you're still young then. &gt; Yeah I have some interests like what? Does it include going outside and having social interactions?
&gt; If I was a fake loser then I'd act like an asshole just to get girls, but I'm a good person. Either you *are* a so called nice guy who end up being total self centered assholes who have no capacity for self reflection and because of that you're the biggest loser here or you're a troll. All i read is. Me, me, me, me.
If you would not be such a self centered doushe you would too.
No one accepts self centered doushebags.
&gt; Btw I'm not a fucking nice guy or an asshole. You don't kbow me based off of sone messages I sent while I was angry If you're that easy to anger by a random stranger on the internet, you are not a nice guy. You're a *nice guy.*
I really need to get going for a new rig xD &amp;#x200B; Mine might run it on low-ish settings but hey. It is almost 4 years old. I think i can splurge on a new one
Damn. That was/is a cool game. I think i need to dig it up again.
I've grown up with 3 women in my household. I've known it for years but my brain filed it under the "well, okay but unimportant" knowledge tab.
Or out on bail &gt;.&gt; I think he might have the cash to shell out a bond.
&gt; Insentivising people to take public transport by making it free is not enough. You have to actively insetivise them not to use a car, be it financially (parking fees, tax cuts, carbon tax,...) via infrastructure (expanding bike lanes, lower speed limits, creating more exclusive bus lanes and shared spaces, reducing the availability of parking spaces in the inner city,...) &amp;#x200B; Then make public transport less of a hassle than it is. Right now it is a huge PITA to use if you're living in one of the less conected towns
Yep. When i need to pee and hava a boner i need to actively "will" my body to unclench. Else it aint working.
Tactical bork bork
glass bottles ftw!
us military personal aint allowed to use it either
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/04/us/tiktok-pentagon-military-ban.html
Damn, these dudes can take and deal some punches.
You're wrong. There is a alcohol and tabac shop in Strassen and there is a Route 66 on Windhof.
And VRO being on the workshop. I'll install both one of these days. Right now i play something else similar-ish
Bittersweet because my tuesdays are other peoples sundays
Light brown hair with brown eyes who have a slight tint of green.
A hydraulic pump does not produce pressure. It produces a volume flow. Had to write that one a few 100 times =D F=P/A People who regonize these two things might know what field i was learning for. Or at least a rough direction.
Well, one could make a class close to that i recon.
Eeeh. What!? I take a wild guess and say that the water disolves a tiny amount of ethanol. Same-ish as it does with salt?
We're all a bunch of morronic chucklefucks!
9 times a massive No! Fuck YOU!
Some twitter wannabe crusader dug through the history of some random kid who made a stupid joke years ago. She plastered it all over the web until the kid got his school application denied and the parents got fired.
This kinda looks like a display of condiscated knifes =D
That one is long gone. And it was shit. &amp;#x200B; There is a good one in a tiny tiny store in Steinfort. They only accept cash
The one i have now did cost about 3k 4ish years back with the graphics card being the most expensive part. It'll probably will be again the most expensive part.
I really hope no once comes into my room when i am tweaking on a dick or on boobs. That has the potential to be reaaaly awkward xD
spoiler: he did not =)
Yeah, i kept shittalking him the whole time. At some point he went and bothered other players =D Things along the line of "oh look your skycancer sucks" or "take your cancer somewhere else".
I think the authors humor is quite MEH
&gt;Germany can easily put their economic and political weight behind making the EU a military powerhouse. Eeeh. How about NO. I hope an EU-army will never be a thing.
Yeah, when Russia is at the Rhine and Moselle might be a bit to late.
&gt; form it new As if your oh so competent Anagreth would do that. &gt; uphold and protect the constitution. Anagreth should lead by example then and not try to silence critical voices then. And her predecessor too.
So, let it be a husk of its former self. And once you need it, it is not there. I hope for your sakes that your allies won't have done the same with their armies as you did.
Ci vis pacem, para bellum. Well i don't think it would be spent well much better if there was no Bundeswehr to finance. Your Governement would give it all away to the EU willingly.
another one?
