Thank the Laker gods that JC isn't starting.
Stop reaching in Hart...discipline.
JC already fuckin' up our flow
BI's lazy passes are pissing me off
How many times has Kuzma missed easy dunks like that? Wtf dude?
Now THAT'S who you finish a layup. Our main dudes need to learn from Caruso on that.
Refs never give us calls..Ridiculous.
How is that a foul on Caruso????? Fuck these refs.
Honestly, we haven't been getting calls all season.
Harden is so ridiculous. He didn't even try to defend two possessions in a row lmfao.
KUUUUZZZZ
BI really been working on that Kobe shot.
Kuz should have passed to Ennis. C'mon dude.
JOSH HART STOP...Jesus fucking christ dude.
BI keeps letting those backdoor passes through...c'mon son.
BI should be the ISO guy, not JC
BI RIP THE FUCKING BALL OUT OF JC'S HANDS FOR THE ISO..Jesus fucking christ.
Harden really doesn't even try on defense, like at all...it's incredible to watch him just give opposing players baskets.
Ennis &gt; KCP
Wow BI....You need to dunk those.
Ennis is playing really damn well tonight.
KUUUUUUZZZZZZ
Yep, Chick would be proud.
BI is just standing there. Not even trying to be aggressive. I hate that shit.
I miss Tarik on our team. Good dude.
Ingram with the most minutes but with the least to show for it. Dude needs to STEP UP.
THESE FUCKING REFS MAN...THEY DON'T GIVE US ANY FUCKING CALLS ALL SEASON. THAT WAS A CHARGE
BI is playing like ass
He's not forcing *quick enough*. He has a wide open lane waiting for him but he hesitates instead of taking the opportunity when it arises. They he realizes he fucked up and tries to force the drive after the lane has closed. It's the hesitation that is frustrating because he does it consistently. He's not learning from it.
Why does Luke always put in these useless lineups to begin the 4th? We have no scorers on the floor right now except for a ball-hog JC. Change the lineup now.
Dude was getting into a rhythm all of November and then just decided to regress in December for whatever reason. It's been pissing me off every game.
Why do that Corey?
This is what I like about Ennis. Dude is quick to pull the trigger when the drive is there.
The ball needs to get into Kuz's hands every possession.
Kuz, shoot the fucking ball instead of driving there.
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST. HOW MANY TIMES ARE YOU GOING TO FOUL HARDEN ON THE 3????
It's sad that I don't even feel excited that BI got subbed in. He's just going to stand there and swing the ball on offense instead of attacking via drive **OR** midrange jumper when it's there, which it almost always is for him.
Randle is NOT an ISO player. Wish he would stop that junk.
This is the shit that Randle does. He doesn't know when to stay in his lane.
Can you please do something BI, please?
I blame that sequence on BI. Ennis made the turnover of course, but BI gave up the ball on an unnecessary awkward pass **to** Ennis.
Playing soft basically all of December smdh
Thank the Laker Gods for Kuzma being confident in his shooting.
Did Hart just foul out?
Been playing soft as Charmin this whole month.
Harden the type of dude to score 40 of his 50 points from the FT line.
That's that low BBIQ coming back to, potentially, bite us.
Randle completely out of control again. He SHOULD NOT be ISOing at all.
What was that? Someone give him a screen so Kuz can get a bit closer....
Yeah why is Luke talking to the refs instead of drawing up a play?
Nice pass Hart, great job.
Dumb play by Ennis there.
Stupid Randle....stupid stupid stupid stupid.
Nope, that would require not standing in the corner on offense.
lol of course he missed...i just expect FT misses at this point.
So will BI missed 1 or 2 FTs?
Wow BI actually made both FTs? It's a fucking New Years miracle.
Lol BI gonna miss 'em. No question in my mind.
BI ACTUALLY MADE 4 CLUTCH FTs? Pigs must be flying.
JOSH HART DESERVES TO START
Complete defensive breakdown. Unacceptable this late in the game.
BI can you fucking shoot the midrange jumper, **PLEASE?**
The way Hart got tripped up and fell was kinda funny actually. He just sort of fell over like a domino.
Not a smart play by Hart.
Glad I was wrong.
Me too!
Please step up BI and shoot the jumper when you have it, please.
...really Kuz?
&gt; this game is on Ingram. I agree &gt; Fucking bust of a 2nd pick. stfu
Ingram would have just passed it
This loss is on BI not fucking showing up...again.
This is what I've been saying all season. BI just disappears **a lot**, sometimes for entire games, like this one tonight. It's not on Luke at all. BI doesn't shoot the midrange jumper when he has it open, he doesn't shoot the 3 when he has it open. He either just drives to the basket (sometimes) or kicks it out to someone else with a *worst* shot opportunity. Incredibly frustrating to watch this game-in and game-out.
I love this idea. I hope WW2 is like that; would be a really unique storyline in a CBM.
1. **Man of Steel**(9.2/10) 2. **Wonder Woman** (9.1/10) 3. **Justice League** (6/10) 4. **BvS: UC** (4.5/10) 5. **BvS: TC** (3.5/10) 6. **Suicide Squad** (2/10)
Knowing WB it's going to be: 1. Official timeline of Reeve's Bat trilogy 2. Batman Beyond trilogy 3. Joker film #5000 4. Harley &amp; Joker trilogy 5. Batman &amp; His Sidekicks trilogy 6. Gotham by Gaslight live action adaptation...trilogy 7. Batman &amp; his superfriends...trilogy 8. Twoface &amp; Clayface vs The Batman...trilogy 9. Suicide Squad vs Batman 10. Batman Batman The Batman...the definitive trilogy 11. Green Lantern Corps being pushed to 2045
As a lifelong Superman fan who grew up on all those comics you mentioned, and the DCAU, I largely agree with you OP. MoS remains a top2 CBM for me. Having said that I completely understand where other lifelong Superman fans are coming from in their dislike (even hate) of MoS. It's not because MoS doesn't borrow elements from some of those critical comics, it clearly does, but it's the execution of those ideas in MoS which leaves much to be desired. There's also an element of trying to do **too much** in MoS, and then not following through with ideas/emotional development. Killing Zod can work, but it's execution was jarring (violent to watch) and was followed up by a lighthearted scene immediately after, which made it even more jarring. I also am someone that's always believed the colors are too muted. These seemingly "nitpicky," things are actually critical in how an audience will perceive a film. So while I personally love the film, I also clearly see all the faults with it and how others of goodwill can absolutely detest it. There are many critics that aren't Superman fans, and their only reference point is the Donner version, and that certainly lead to an unfair (imho) RT score. But there are plenty of Superman fans out there that think the film didn't do the character justice either.
It continues to boggle my mind how WB gave Snyder those ridiculous budgets. The reliance on unnecessary CGI should have been curbed by the studio. Aside from huge team-up style films, no CBM needs to be over $200m to make, and $200m is already pushing it.
Wait, I wasn't aware that Google partnered with Walmart. Ughhhhh.
I'm glad that BI is finally not hesitating, and instead actually taking jump shots. I'm okay with those misses.
See that dude in the crowd with the ridiculous hair? lmfao
Wow Vander actually making the smart extra pass. Props Blue.
Wow, bogus call. That wasn't a foul on Butler....ugh.
Holy shit, Hart has 4 fouls?
Wow BI...You need to pull up and take that midrange jumper instead of crowding yourself into traffic.
Jordan "Think I got A.I. Handles" Clarkson
Wow, Ennis is ballin' out there the past two games. Nice move.
Stupid move by Hart there, but refs really need to let them play. That's not a call you fucking make.
BI really working on that Kobe shot lately. It's like automatic for him at this point. Great footwork.
Yeah he's actually following Luke's directive to push the ball, and isn't afraid to drive to the basket. Our star players aka Ingram could learn a lot from that.
Randle actually under control there and avoided the charge. Is he learning?
There we go BI. **Thank you**
Finally the refs give us a call
This lineup again? Wtf?
BI stopping the ball for no reason. He should have shot that 3.
Julius finishing the game out of control on a drive. Fitting way to finish this awful game.
Would love to see Val Zod.
Steppenwolf is no Darkseid. Supes is more powerful than Steppenwolf and Darkseid's other minions. Kalabak, Big Barda, etc...Thus Supes really should not have much of an issue defeating Steppenwolf. Darkseid is a much different story. Darkseid is more powerful than Supes.
1. Infinity War 2. Black Panther 3. Aquaman Not much else has me that excited to rush out to the theater.
And nothing wrong with it.
Yep. A concept *some* here seem to not grasp.
Will buy. Not a great film, but showing my support for the course correction after BvS.
Ingram's my favorite player on the roster, and I believe his potential is ridiculously high. I continue to believe that. Which is why I get really frustrated by his hesitance during games. His lack of confidence in the 3pt and midrange game is frustrating to watch. Especially because he started out the year looking pretty confident in those aspects of his game, but seems to have regressed the past ~10 games or so. I don't get it.
Supes vs Zod for sure.
1. Supes is, by far, the most powerful 2. WW next most powerful 3. GL 4. Aquaman 5. Flash (when he's not fucking up the timeline, but when he is he's arguably the most powerful). 6. Cyborg 7. Batman People that discount how powerful Supes is are also the ones in the next breath claim he's *"too OP"* and *"is boring because he can defeat anyone,"* while not applying the same standard to Wonder Woman or Martian Manhunter, etc...
Intergang is so underutilized as an antagonist. It presents one of the best opportunities for a grounded story.
Lex, Joker, and Metallo.
I'm exhausted. I don't care about announcements unless there is follow through. If WB made an announcement tomorrow I have little faith it would still hold up in March.
Melo still great on defense I see
I hope he continues to. Dude's not afraid and is an excellent shooter.
I'm really happy that Kuz is being so aggressive to the rim. We need our guys to do more of that.
Randle looked right at Kuz under the basket and decided not to pass it...WTF dude...then turns it over.
AT LEAST BI SHOT THE 3...FINALLY! He'll make it next time. He needs to keep shooting.
lol Westbrook is getting worked when he's on defense right now.
Good defense by Kuz, but that's Melo. You can't stop that shot no matter what you do.
Brook gets in the game and immediately gives up a dunk....sigh
Yep, that's been my primary issue with him the past dozen games or so. He' just hanging out at the top of the key dribbling the ball and doing nothing with it.
We left at least 6 points on the floor from missing easy layups.
That was the ugliest half-court offensive possession i've ever seen. Good lord.
I miss Stu and Bill.
lol well played
Lopez finally been working on that 3pt shot. Shit was broken right before he went out with injury.
PG13 got away with a clear travel there.
Tele-tubbies
Josh Hart with the perfect read.
Damn PG13 is slicing us up right now. That's why we need him.
I've been calling for JA Bayona to get the gig since he expressed interest last April. Dude's a solid director, has nothing lined up after Fallen Kingdom, and **loves** Superman. It's a no brainer for WB. Bizarre that they haven't locked him up for a solo Superman film yet. Hopefully that'll be announced. Edit: And I agree; I can't get reinvested in the DCEU until another solo Superman film is announced. Whether it's MoS2 or just it's own story with no connection to the previous outings I don't care. I just need a Supes film before caring about the other stuff.
In these moments it's a reminder that BI still needs to bulk up before being able to finish consistently at the rim.
Really Ennis???
&gt; looking like a thin deer lmfao, that's a new one.
PG13 has really shut Ingram down from turning the corner with a first step.
We reminiscing about late-90s Pacers teams now?
Even Pastch is like "wtf man"
Melo decided to carve us up today.
I say we get rid of these three: 1. K 2. C 3. P
roflmao
He hit it during the timeout, you missed it.
Change the number
It's definitely been used too much. I love the design and they're excellent jerseys but the effect wears off if you overdo it. I would actually buy one, but it should be a once in a blue moon type of deal. But honestly, almost anything is better than the teletubbie yellow Nike gave us for the normal jerseys.
OP, you were right!
&gt; there may be enough traction to stop this. As long as people elect republicans nothing will stop this shit. And if it's not this shit, it'll be something else to give money, power, and control to companies and the wealthy. That's basically their party platform. Only way to change anything is to vote, and to make sure you're *not* voting for republicans and conservatives.
If someone utters any variation of "pulled myself up by my bootstraps"/I achieved success solely through my own efforts. They are either a liar, narcissist, incapable of empathy, or all of the above.
I do hope they push a complete rebranding. Yes, I know WB never officially called it the DC Extended Universe themselves. And they even once tried to rebrand as DC Films, **but** it's been called the DCEU by everyone (industry, journalists, and fans) since that term came out. If WB wants to distance itself from the past and have "fresh start" they need to push a complete rethinking/re-marketing of the brand. Either pushing harder with "DC Films" or "DCU" or something else needs to happen. I like the Geoff seems to be starting that rebrand. Hopefully it takes off.
Judging by the proven incompetence of WB when it comes to their DC properties, it wouldn't shock me if there is another "shake-up" and Hamada gets thrown under the bus if Aquaman underperforms at the box office. WB needs to keep their expectations for that film in check. It will, almost certainly, be much better received than Snyder and Ayer's work, but that doesn't mean it'll be a huge box office success either. It will take awhile for audiences to give DC films (outside of WW) a serious chance again. I hope WB realizes that.
I disagree. I literally think it's because of the fact that the Snyder aesthetic pervades through all of the final battles (even WW). * All the battles occur at night (or in overcast skies). * There's a muddiness to the colors so it's difficult to distinguish what's happening on screen * There are very few memorable moves/shots by the heroes (think gif-able action shots). It sounds stupid, but these types of shots are what make us go "wow" and can solidify parts of a film as pleasant in our memories. (i.e. For all the shit IM2 got, everyone loved the brief Iron Man + War Machine teamup against those drones) * The battles go on too long and seem to have 1st, 2nd, and 3rd acts within themselves. Some may think that's awesome, but not when the previous issues are prevalent. One reason the Smallville fight in MoS is, arguably, the best of the DCEU is because it bucks most of those points above. It takes place during the day so we can see what's happening clearly, the colors pop a bit more, Faora steals the show with a few gif-able moments, and Supes has a couple himself, and the battle was paced really well. I think Snyder bucked his own aesthetic a bit with that Smallville fight, which is why it's such a good one.
you forgot the /s
"everyone"
5 and 6 were better (Justin Lin) imho. I enjoyed those much more than 7, and not just because of Gal :). Speaking of Justin Lin, I really enjoy his work overall and I would love to see him helm a DC film in the future. I know a lot of people think Star Trek Beyond is pretty generic, but that's actually my favorite of the Kelvin timeline films so far.
I would never claim that Democrats and liberals are not susceptible to corporate lobbying. The question is scale and, in general, values. A liberal congressperson taking money from Google to advocate *for* net neutrality (a policy that benefits Google's bottom line) is much different than a conservative congressperson taking money from Verizon to advocate against it. One side is arguing for a policy that benefits people (even if it also benefits a few corporations) while the other is arguing for a policy that only benefits corporations. Liberal policy values are better for average people, so if a couple corporations benefit from that too then fine. Conservative policy values are worse for average people, which is why average people should never vote for them. And yes, overall money-in-politics is an issue, which is why you'll find many Democrats and liberals have advocated for public financing of elections for decades. The other side? Not so much. They argue it limits "free speech." That's literally their only argument and people eat it up.
Wanted to raise my first pet coyote.
Toyota Previa. I just remember seeing these a lot growing up during the 90s minivan craze. Minivans, in general, are rare nowadays compared to the myriad crossovers. I always found the Previa oddly fascinating. Such a weird vehicle.
&gt; If they say it like a dick and you can read between the lines of their story and see that **they're not giving credit where credit is due** then I agree with you. I think we are in agreement. Let me just expand on my initial comment. What I'm saying is that a statement like "i pulled myself up by my bootstraps" or the more common variation of **"they** *just need to pull themselves up by their bootstraps"* is almost always said in a dickish way because the mindset behind those that say it/live by it is dickish. This isn't about whether or not someone has overcome great hardship and worked hard in life; it's about the mindset they have once they overcome it. * Do they recognize that despite all the hard work *they* put in, that there was still someone, something, or *some* circumstance that benefited them at *some* point? (i.e. that company that hired them in the first place was deciding to take a chance on them. Or did someone lend/give them $10 for gas so they could get to their interview? Or was there a free addiction services entity that helped them get clean? Did someone decide to put in the time to mentor them? etc...) Edit: And do they **then give credit where credit is due** for these things, or do they sweep this help under the rug and claim to have needed no help to achieve what they achieved? * Do they recognize that despite all their hardship there is literally *always* someone in the world that has had it even worse in their life? * Once they overcome their circumstances do they recognize that paying-it-forward is important, whether through deed, words, or charity? * Do they support policies that will help others overcome their circumstances like they did? So when I hear the phrase "pull up by bootstraps" or some variation of that I'm instantly skeptical of that person because it's rarely said in a non-dickish way in my experience.
I've always gravitated to more *grounded* (yes I still like this term) comics, and want to see that in film. But the reason I use that term, and not something else, is because I think people often conflate "grounded" with "dark." I liked MoS's grounded approach, I dislike BvS's dark approach. One tries to ask the question "what if we placed this fantastical element of superheroes into our modern world? What would happen?" The other then just *assumes* the world is inherently a dark place, like Watchmen. I want WB to keep a grounded/serious approach to DCU films, but even a grounded Superman story can be filled with hope and optimism, and even the occasional jokes (don't forget, even TDK had jokes).
The comic is called *What's So Funny About Truth, Justice, and the American Way?* The animated movie adaptation is called Superman vs The Elite. I completely agree with you and I've been saying that WB should do a live action adaptation of this comic for ages. It's the story of why Supes will *always* be relevant and important. That's exactly what we need to see on film.
Nolan was persuaded by Snyder to go ahead with killing Supes; he was initially against the idea according to Snyder himself. Nolan did take a backseat approach, especially on BvS. He was probably like *"this is a really bad idea, but whatever Zack, do what you want."* So "support" is really not the right term.
Yep. The creative decisions, especially the controversial ones were all Snyder's. Fans shouldn't get this stuff twisted; lets not pass the buck off on Nolan (or anyone else behind the scenes like Terrio) when it comes to those creative decisions. Snyder made the choices.
12.6 for the manual? I didn't even realize that. I think the 2015-2017s were in the low 13s. That's a really impressive jump. The 2018s have been tempting me, especially with magnaride but the prices have gotten crazy and think I'm gonna stick with the '16 longterm.
Honestly I think Kuzma needs the rest. He's been playing 40+ minutes for a bunch of games lately.
Really Ingram...? Dude really needs to work on finishing his shots.
Lonzo sparked us. Looks like BI decided to be aggressive this game too. We need more of this all around.
Why did no one pass to Kuz? Like seriously KCP and Clarkson? You're just gonna ignore your WIDE OPEN best shooter on the team when he's at the 3pt line??? This is why we stay losing.
Kuz, c'mon dude. Don't hesitate.
Great pass there JC.
Wow that was an amazing pass by BI.
I'm more interested in how that bowl of veggies got that chick.
Camera needs to follow that chick instead.
oohhhh now it makes sense. Larry Jr did well.
Julius out of control again. Yeah it was a questionable call but WHERE THE FUCK WERE YOU GOING?
Yeah I'm watching this season only to see the growth of those three. We're obviously a shitty team so I don't expect a lot of wins. I just like to see those three perform well because they are the foundation for the future. Randle is probably gone.
I wish BI had been taking those midrange shots all season. I hope he continues to take those confidently. His shot is great, he just needs to believe it more.
I think Luke needs to start benching guys for not boxing out/not getting rebounds. It's been ridiculous all season and they're not improving in that area.
lol
BI, Yam that shit! You don't need to kick it out.
Larry needs to understand that sometimes the game calls your number and you just need to shoot the fucking ball because it's literally the best basketball play.
He's clearly tired and/or injured from all the minutes he's been playing. I think once he gets his legs back under him his shot will be back to being wet.
Hornets just can't miss tonight.
Yeah there's no question in my mind that Randle and JC are not going to be back. And they shouldn't be. This roster needs a big revamp. The people we build around are BI, Lonzo, and Kuz with Hart coming off the bench. Everyone else can go. Try to land PG and Cousins if they'd even consider coming here to this shitshow.
I agree. He's already proved that he's going to be part of our foundation for the future. We're gonna be a shitty team this season so no reason to risk longterm injury of Kuz.
0% I really think it's ridiculous people want to can yet another coach after 2 seasons. This team is young and inexperienced all around. We were always going to be bad this season. This season is entirely about seeing what type of players we have in BI, Lonzo, (and now Kuz). We make the push for PG and Cousins this summer and give Luke another year or two to see what he can do with a GOOD roster. If we continue to suck *then* we can him.
He does need to find a way to get these guys to get back to putting in their best effort. He let the guys talk in those team meetings, maybe now it's for the players to *listen* and step-up.
Julius "Harden" Randle
Yeah that's a good question and I honestly don't know. But it's clear that despite him having streaks of being a solid scorer, he will never play within an offense. This is his 4th full season and while his scoring has improved, his mentality hasn't. And when his shot isn't falling he's a liability everywhere else. He kills the flow of the offense and isn't going to change.
I'm definitely planning on signing up for it provided the price is right.
It's a disaster waiting to happen. WB has learned nothing if they push ahead with it.
My ears....
Brandon is just walking around out there on offense...sigh
Randle *still* can't use his right, lol.
Everyone showed up to play tonight!
DUNK THAT SHIT LONZO, JESUS FUCKING CHRIST.
They gone.
Yep. They gotta go.
I hate these new continuation rules. Go back to the old rules.
wtf was that Randle?
Brandon takes **way** too long just dribbling at the top of the key before attempting a move. He does that too much.
It's the best CBM ever made imho.
WTF KCP..FUCK YOU
Lazy play on both ends of the court there.
C'mon Larry, dunk that dude.
Damn Kuz, nice pass.
WE WANT BREWER
Lol, yeah this is "still in the works" the same way the Spielberg Halo TV show is "still in the works."
Damn I have to hold my ^^fuck^the^celtics tongue. Just this one time, just this one time.
Clean that wetspot
BI really needs to work on his strength.
REALLY JULIUS??? REALLY?
Randle is fucking ridiculous...
Got dem trump hands
That was a Kobe shot.
BI just pulled a Randle.
Ingram, what are you doing dude?
wow Julius, wow.
Brook "Steph Curry" Lopez
He also just started playing soft as Charmin. Like he literally passed up an easy-as-shit dunk in order to miss a layup....that shit should be benchable.
lol. He gonna put in KCP - JC - Randle - Brewer - Zubac just for kicks
lol Stu got jokes
Kuz with that high BBIQ
Everytime KCP does that, Luke should bench him. Momentum killer.
WE WANT TACOS
lol Kuz womp womp
no Tacos though??? :(
Senator Finch... And then he had to ruin it by blowing her up.
It wouldn't be the first time.
No doubt it had an impact. But they had no choice. The fatal, and stupid, decision was to kill Superman in his 2nd film. JL had no chance once they went ahead with that plotpoint.
Why does anyone still think this? Every Snyder film has underperformed except for his first two major films (DotD and 300). And after the massive underperformance of BvS, most people didn't give a shit about this universe anymore. *WW only did well due to WoM and repeat viewings because it was a great film embraced by all.* Snyder is basically box office poison and we still saw the basic structure of the JL film he was filming even if the final product was different. And judging from that basic structure it was going to be just as divisive as MoS and BvS before it. *Maybe* the Snyder fanboys go for repeat viewings that they didn't otherwise and JL ends up matches MoS numbers with "Snyder's vision" *maybe*
&gt; Marketing for WW wasn't much different than JL. The biggest deciding factor between the two was the quality of the products This can't be stressed enough. This is exactly right.
Great insight OP, and you are completely correct. People trying to throw Sue Kroll under the bus (both internally at WB, and in the press) should be ashamed. She had nothing to do with JL's failure as a film, no marketer could have rescued JL and the DCEU after the reception to BvS. Remember, WW's marketing was also subdued (in comparison to BvS at least) and that film ended up being successful on its' own merits.
Every vote I've placed has included BI, Lonzo, and Kuz.
Kuzma looking at Morris with that Smirk lmao
A 29y/o is doing that? It would be awful if even an 18-19y/o did it, but at 29 it's just sad.
&gt; WW's marketing was also subdued **(in comparison to BvS at least)**
A reason to watch ESPN. I'll be tuning in.
Wow, she is just straight up nuts. You really dodged a bullet OP, congrats.
I'm fine with them adapting this for an animated film. Keep this storyline far away from the cinematic universe until well-into an already established cinematic Supes that's popular.
They should have just followed the Secret Origins 3-parter from the DCAU that opened the Justice League series.
Complete hyperbole. There have been plenty of ambitious Superhero films in the past, and there will continue to be ambitious superhero films in the future. BvS isn't the only film, or the last, to try something new, it just did it poorly.
&gt; They'd have to basically reboot Superman for him being alive to actually work and make sense That's why it doesn't really matter if the next Superman solo film is MoS2 or just it's own thing. The point is that they need another Superman solo film that repairs the damage that's been done by the Snyder take. It doesn't need to follow *any* of the plotpoints of the previous DCEU Supes. Just make it its own thing. I'm not waiting another decade for a Superman solo film. And I think there are plenty of Superman fans who share the same sentiment. I certainly don't give a shit about a DCU without Superman in the picture. Make the 5000th Batman film and spinoffs, I won't be spending a dime on them without a Superman existing in same universe.
Nolan/Bale
Yep, same. Two completely different films and much different in their approach to Clark. I love MoS, and greatly dislike BvS.
"Need." The ole 4.6 motor I had in my 2009 just didn't make a lot of power. And once the Coyote came out I was drooling.
I really want a Boss 429 remake. Give us that rumored 7.0 Ford. Give the people what they want.
Exterior is excellent; interior looks really dated.
Smallville fight hasn't been topped imho, especially Faora's scenes.
I'm not familiar with Hawkgirl in the comics. My only reference point for her is also the DCAU, but I *loved* her in that. He relationship with John was a big part of the enjoyment of the JL and JLU series. She had such personality on that show and a lot of complex emotions. I wasn't a fan of the actress that played her in S1 of Legends of Tomorrow.
&gt; It gets a 1/10 for the speaker system everything else was garbage. lol, whoever thought a 1/10 would be a generous rating?
And you're one of those enablers, you phony piece of shit. I hope liberals and independents don't fall for this bullshit when this douche decides he's going to run for president in 2020 (or 2024). He's just like every other conservative, just like every other republican. They support extremist policies, but just don't like how Trump talks occasionally. That's the extent of their "reasonableness."
Those handful of liberals that idiotically believe the bullshit that "both parties are the same." You know the ones. Or that are straight up nihilists and just want to watch the world burn because they didn't get what they wanted in the primaries. Those liberals.
I liked it. I was happy with what they did with Superman despite it being rough around the edges. It represented that WB knew they had to shift gears with the character in a big way.
Based on where we are now (i.e. not enough time for any other film outside of Aquaman to be released in 2018). 2018 - Aquaman 2019 - Man of Tomorrow (whether it's MoS2 or just a new solo Superman film doesn't matter to me), Shazam, Wonder Woman 2020 - The Flash, Cyborg, Green Lantern Corps, Aquaman 2 2021 - Superman, Wonder Woman 3, Shazam 2 2022 - Green Lantern Corps 2, Martian Manhunter, The Flash 2
Kuz is awesome.
They were also the first manufacturer in the industry to roll out Android Auto.
A lot of manufacturers have Android Auto nowadays. When I ordered my car in 2016 I made sure to get an upgraded headunit that I knew would support AA when it came out. Been using it for over a year now and it's as awesome as you'd imagine.
LG needs to take the OnePlus space, but by actually being a non-shit company. OnePlus is successful partly because they're recognizing that there's a market for certain "premium" features for an *affordable* price. Google lost its' way after the Nexus 6p, and so some other company has to step up, and in, to that space. OnePlus has been filling that void but there's room for LG or HTC to win some market-share back by shunning these ridiculous smartphone prices but still offering key features: G7 should be: * Bezel-less design * At least 6" display (keep it 1080p to reduce costs, OLED is NOT necessary) * Snapdragon 835 (forego the 845 if it's too cost prohibitive) * 8GB RAM * 64GB Storage * Solid camera (doesn't have to be world-beating) * Fast Charging * Metal design * IP67 or 68 water resistance * Fingerprint reader on back of course * **sub $600**
You mean the Batverse? Literally, every other film is a Batman film. I've just stopped caring about these films at this point. I don't think I've watched the last 5 of them, and I had watched every DCAU project (both film and television) at least 3 times prior to that. WB actually succeeded in boring me because of their steadfast refusal to concentrate on characters outside of Batman and the Batfamily. Remember that excellent WW animated film from almost a DECADE ago? Where's the follow-up to that? Or how about another GL film? Last one we got was freakin' 2011.
Except none of the flagships are pushing tech and design features anymore. Apple's big thing is Face-ID. Hardly a must-have feature when fingerprint sensors work just fine. As the OP of this thread said - foldable displays and/or holograms is what would be pushing tech and the smartphone space at this point. No one is doing that, so the prices are not justified for what these companies are offering. Meaning, there is a market for what's now considered "mid-range" that LG and HTC could take advantage of.
I'm most interested in price at this point. If LG or HTC can introduce a phone with high-end specs (while ditching some of the superfluous stuff) for sub-$600 then they have my attention and money.
[Footage of WB right now](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DTsk8K-WAAAAYW3.jpg:large)
Congrats Larry!
Just give us a reasonably priced phone with some key "premium" features while ditching the superfluous stuff. That will sell.
&gt; If you attack me I have protect myself **&amp; my family**. I really wish this phrase would die. It's like a tick at this point that people just have to throw in for justification for some reason. Where is your family on the court? I don't see them. You have to protect *yourself* in that situation. Family has nothing to do it with it. I blame Fast &amp; Furious for this.
Now you understand how Superman fans felt in TDKReturns/BvS.
**Man of Tomorrow** Premise based on *What's So Funny About Truth, Justice, and the American Way?/Superman vs The Elite* Director: JA Bayona Writer: Jonathan Nolan Composer: Hans Zimmer (who else?)
Jordan "Endless Dribble" Clarkson
This guy is pretty good at the basketball.
I would love to see an Icon and Rocket film. DC have sat on the Milestone characters for way too long.
&gt; but he shouldn't all of a sudden be a super Left-wing anarchist communist looking to take down the evils of capitalism. Who ever said this, or even implied this?
Why take Kuzma out now? He's just getting hot. Let the dude play.
We lost it with that dumbass turnover. It was a good timeout.
Laker girls yo
lol Jordan "Galloping" Clarkson.
The big win tonight were those Laker girl outfits.
I'm shookith
He's a 40+ year old HUMAN and he's well aware of that. Of course his body, and possibly mind, are going to breakdown overtime. My god, BatGod fans are ridiculous.
Superboy...only after they re-establish Supes by having more solo films.
Take the tinfoil hat off. Do you remember how **not that long ago** The Dark Knight trilogy was the gold-standard of CBMs? Arguably, it still is (at least TDK itself). Audiences and fans LOVED those films. Lesson is **make good films, get favorable reactions and coverage. Make mediocre/bad films and get unfavorable reactions and coverage.** It's not a conspiracy, and it's not rocket science.
This is the lineup that makes the most sense for a contending team for the next 7 years. Then when PG and Boogie are on the downsides of their prime, BI and Zo and Kuz will be entering theirs. I just hope PG and Boogie both see this vision and like it.
&gt; Look, I get why Android fans like OnePlus. **They do release good hardware at great prices**—and save for the past issues with data collection and whatnot, their software seems to be enjoyed by most who use it too. This is literally why they are successful, and why people will continue to buy their phones (I'm even thinking about it). When Nexus was killed off by Google in this ridiculous ever-expanding war to chase "premium customers" they created a void. Oneplus obviously existed prior to the Pixel days, but it's grown since that time because of a lack of options on the market. I can justify and comfortably afford a sub-$600 phone, but I can't say the same thing for $800-1000 phones like Samsung, Google, and Apple are pushing. These premium *phone* prices are now in premium laptop territory *just because*, and that's the fundamental issue.
Randle so predictable with the spin. I've seen that get blocked more times this season than I've seen Harden complain to the refs.
Out of control Randle again...
The popularity of financing phones is probably the only reason Google, Samsung, and Apple can get away with these prices. I also only buy my phones outright so there's a big difference between letting go of $400-600 vs letting go of $800-1000 for me.
And where do conservatives get their talking points? It's incredibly easy to influence them. Scream about liberals and Democrats doing something and then get picked up by conservative media regardless of the truth of the claims espoused. A conservative writer could pick up a manufactured "story" about Obama using federal dollars to cover up an FBI prostitution ring in 2013 and just run with it. Facts be damned. That "story" could originate, or have the seeds of origination with Russian trolls. Russia realized years and years ago how easy it is to fool conservatives en masse, and some liberals too.
I think he was, then he was like "oh wait, gotta nope on outta that one."
**Superman vs The Elite**
At the beginning of this season I was hoping/predicting a 32-36 win season. That would be a substantial improvement from where we've been the past few years and set us up to be a playoff team next year even without any big FAs signing over the summer.
I still think we have a real shot at landing both PG and Boogie. I've got to imagine that both of them, and their agents, realize the potential of a lineup of Lonzo - Ingram - PG - Kuz - Cousins for the next 5-7 years.
Price.
Same. WB needs to improve a lot, but JL was a small step in the right direction so I'm supporting that.
I'm strongly leaning towards getting the 5T in a couple months (or maybe waiting for the 6) because OnePlus is the last remaining company offering a near-premium phone for a reasonable price. I'm entirely *not* joining the justifying-$1000 smartphone club that so many seem to have just gone along with because the major companies say so. There's no justification for those prices, and at least OnePlus gets that. I've never bought a OnePlus, but the prices of the flagship phones have forced my hand.
I want ~6" screen with as close to bezel-less as possible, which means Pixel 2 XL, which means $850. I may still go with the Pixel 2 XL on the resale market (eBay/Swappa)if I can get it for ~$600.
BI literally just dribbles with the ball at the top of the key for no reason like 60% of the time.
Why is Nance still in? Wtf is Luke doing?
We'll have to see if Pacific Rim is good first, of course, but I already like the color palette he went with judging from the trailers.
&gt; It’s clear that there are a lot of people that just want Superman to be a perfect boy scout and never have any struggles or conflicts. And that’s boring as shit. Quite a strawman that just demonstrates to me you had no regard for the character prior to Snyder's take, which means you're not a Superman fan.
Speaking from personal experience this can happen, yes, although what happened with me isn't tax-based. Basically, about a year ago I qualified for certain downpayment assistance programs which would have helped me afford a home. Everything was looking good and was getting through the application process when I suddenly received an 11% bump in pay unexpectedly. That then put me above the maximum salary threshold to qualify for the program I was applying for. Instead of getting a 0% interest downpayment loan (which is entirely forgiven if you live in the home for 10 years) I had to spend the past several months saving up 20% for a downpayment on a conventional loan, which meant basically using all of my longterm savings (non-retirement, non-emergency funds) in additional to everything I earned since the raise. The raise entirely changed my short/medium term plan and I basically have to start from scratch on my non-retirement and non-emergency fund savings once I close on the home. Ultimately I still feel it's worth it because I'm at the point in my life where I want to start building equity. If the raise would have occured *after* I had closed on a home then I would have had the best of all worlds.
And this ignorance right here is precisely why Snyderfanboys should be ignored when it comes to anything DC related.
Yep. I'm skeptical of anyone who says Snyder made them a Superman fan. Some, on this sub, have said they went back and read Supes comics after MoS and now love the *character* (not just Snyder's take), so those fans are fine. The rest though...
Bingo. Amazon announced they are building a second HQ, so it's going somewhere. Democrats are absolutely right that cities are now just in a race-to-the-bottom by offering ridiculous tax cuts. It would be awesome if all of the cities saw through this inane game Amazon is playing and banded together to not offer *any* tax breaks. Then Amazon just has to choose a location based on other factors, and the chosen city will benefit from the economic development without becoming a prisoner to a corporation.
I own a Blackvue Dashcam and it's great except for one thing, it saves everything locally to a microSD card. So in the event of an accident, I have to remember to pull the card. If the car gets stolen it becomes useless because I have no way of getting the footage. I've been wanting a Google Dashcam that automatically uploads to Google Photos, so I'm with you OP.
&gt; Because Superman is usually boring as shit. I only see one child here.
No, my argument is that that's a completely uninformed and unnecessarily childish opinion. You're essentially saying that all the generations and millions of Superman fans are wrong because the character was boring prior to Snyder's take. That's a pretty arrogant mindset, and only ill-informed people believe that.
When I briefly owned an S8+ I was shocked at how much I loved the Samsung browser. Was a much better experience than the mobile Chrome browser.
I've bought plenty of used (or resale) phones over the years for great prices, and I've never had an issue. I also can easily overlook minor scratches on the backs of devices, especially because I always put a case or skin on them anyway. I bought an S8+ for $560 about 6 months ago (it was a resale on Swappa). I recently had to sell it because I'm purchasing a house, so being frugal at the moment. Went back to my 6P, which I had kept on standby as a backup. I sold the S8+ for $520.
It's actually my second 6P. Google sent me a refurbished one after my original 6P got the infamous battery issue.
and Cunninlynguist's *Beautiful Girl*.
And I love how they made a film with this song as the centerpiece, *Brown Sugar*. Love that movie.
*debRAH
Metropolis as the city of tomorrow.
Please no. Stay away.
These companies are ridiculous.
This has been my top request in gaming for over 10 years now.
It's WB, so 10 Batman films.
Before Boogie got hurt I thought there was like a 70% chance that PG and Cousins would decide to teamup and sign with us. Now that Boogie had the horrible ACL tear I'm feeling less confident that we'll convince PG to sign with us.
&gt; Update 2: Nothing new will be revealed about Superman godfuckingdammitWB
Diversify your portfolio, Microsoft.
Give me Supes over all.
Atlantis
This is stupid.
Sounds like a good approach. I love Doc Awk's work but he hasn't uploaded in awhile and I get the impression that that's because he's more pro-Snyder than anything so he feels burned by JL. He barely spent any time on discussing JL, if at all. The Suicide Squadcast has some great elements but they're obviously pro-Snyder and I've become weary of their takes. And most other podcasts/YouTube channels out there that discuss the DCEU are anti-DCEU or straight out anti-DC. I honestly would welcome a DC podcast from a lifelong DC fan that's a fan of the characters over the creators. Bonus points if they're primarily a Superman fan. And as much as there's more to digest from the previous DCEU films, I'd want a lot of discussion on the potential of future DC films and where things ought to go. The films have been analyzed from almost every angle at this point and I've grown tired of rehashing the same arguments, so discussion on the past is only going to hold my interest for so long.
New AAA exclusive IP with a strong single-player element, and that's not zombies.
Doesn't sound like he's even making an effort to change. That would be the dealbreaker if my girlfriend/wife was at that place. It's one thing to have a problem, it's entirely another to not give a shit about fixing the problem.
It's basically a version of shooting the messenger.
I hate you WB.
There are literally dozens upon dozens of great Superman stories. It's not difficult to write a script that takes inspiration from one of those (or many). And no, I'm not saying I can write a script, but the hundreds of professional screenwriters in Hollywood sure can if WB would get off their asses and come up with a good plan for the character.
Here's the thing, there were some great ideas in MoS, some of which were executed quite well. It would not have been difficult for a second film to have been written beginning where the previous one left off. But no, we got BvS. A Dark Knight trilogy for Superman could have easily been completed by now. But one bad film, *one*, is all it takes to fuck up a good thing for quite awhile, just look at GL. The solution: 1. Commit to the character and getting him right. 2. Find a script that's in line with that. 3. Find a high-quality director to tackle the project who isn't interested in "subverting expectations" for its' own sake. 4. Once the film is well received, you *immediately* commit to the next two solo outings with dates, locking up the creative team behind the first. There should be no more than a 3-year release date gap between films. Again, this is really not that difficult but WB always finds a way to make it difficult.
&gt; Lame. Hal is so boring FTFY
Give us John Stewart!
You're right, it isn't close. Hal is much much more boring than John.
MJ by a country mile. I started watching the NBA in '92 and watched MJ through his past-his-prime years when he was still absolutely dominant. He could score from anywhere and in anyway; he'd do anything he wanted on the court. He could make opponents look downright silly. He could score the impossible shots, drive to the basket against multiple defenders and still score in miraculous fashion. Jordan was the epitome of what sports-watching should be, entertainment/fun. It was a blast to watch him and you'd always be on the edge of your seat waiting to see what he would do next, cause it could be something even crazier than his last play. Kobe, btw, was the same way just on a smaller scale. Lebron, on the other hand, I find incredibly boring to watch. He's a strong dude that barrels to the basket and overpowers defenders to get his layup. That's his M.O.; there's very little variety outside of that. He's incredibly efficient and can dish the ball. Okay. I've never found myself on the edge of my seat waiting to see what Lebron would do with the ball, waiting to see the unbelievable, waiting to experience some magic on the court. And if that element isn't there (for any player, for any sport), then what's the point? This whole enterprise is about entertainment.
Solo Superman film. I don't really care if it's MoS2 or if they just ignore the events of the previous films and start fresh. Just give me a solo Superman film, ideally with Cavill still in the role.
Ah, the ole **Star Citizen** strategy.
WB has created a vacuum by not having a strategy for their DC Films. If the vacuum isn't filled by official announcements, it will be filled by leaks to media.
No.
Can't wait until the next GL animated film titled **Batman &amp; The Corps** /s
Same. I no longer pay for Netflix, so if this service is $5-15/month it's a no-brainer for me.
&gt; Another animated movie I'd love to see would be an adaptation of the Superman / Hal GL crossover from the 60s-70s. That would be really fun. Not enough Batman /s
You're a WB exec, aren't you?
I would love this, it's sorely lacking in gaming, There's just a sea of post-apocalyptic games, half of which have zombies.
We'll eventually get another JL. Whether it's a direct sequel or not I'd wager it wouldn't be. And just like GL before it, I think it's going to be a looonngg time before another attempt is made to make one. And honestly, that's probably for the best. WB **may** finally be learning that you can't rush a cinematic universe.
If this is more zombie stuff then count me out.
Yes, as others have said in this thread. Underperforming does not equate to box office bomb. It didn't live up to the box office expectations of the studio, or many outsiders and fans either.
I've always been partial to RBs, so going with that.
I really really want a Superman game from Rocksteady.
Ah yes, browsing basketball-reference is a much better way to gauge greatness /s
Holy shit I remember that.
Good policy. Should be adopted nationwide.
Welcome to being a Kobe fan.
Any Finals where I get to watch lebron lose is a good one.
He's the GOAT for a reason. Just because a lot of kids in this sub weren't alive to see it, doesn't make it any less true.
This Starfield game already looks interesting. I really want a non-post-apocalyptic future game from Bethesda, so maybe this will do it for me.
Yeah, unfortunately, it was the definition of a tease. But we got two things: 1. Near-future looking satellite, so that hints at a near-future timeline 2. Some warp capability is present, so could hint at taking place in an entirely different sector of the galaxy or solar system, or the ability to travel at warp speed to different sectors.
Despite only a brief tease, this is looking like exactly the type of game I've wanted to see from Bethesda for a long time. Hopefully, my assumptions about it are correct. -Set in the near-future -**Not** post-apocalyptic -Optimistic tone
I personally have had no issue with the Halo 4 &amp; 5 aesthetic. I disliked some of the muted color grading in certain scenes/environments, but that's just color grading, not style.
Purify yourself in the waters of Lake Minnetonka
One of the great pieces of promotional art. JL had lackluster promotional materials but this one was incredible.
This guy gets it.
Just embrace being that old dude that says weird shit. No explanation necessary. Next thing you know you're the embarrassing dad and life comes full circle.
Game pass is becoming a better and better deal as times goes on. I like, but don't love the Forza Horizon series (much more of a Forza Motorsports guy) so I'm glad I don't have to actually buy a full game I'd only dabble in here and there. It's much better for me to always have it available to play when I want via Game Pass.
I'm excited to see what The Initiative ends up making. I love the Tomb Raider reboot, so having the person behind that reboot head up this studio is exciting to me.
It's definitely an improvement, but the same problems with the film would still largely exist, so the reactions wouldn't change all that much, if at all.
Thank the New Gods. I got really worried by the recent rumors that they would focus on Simon Baz and Jessica Cruz. It would be another example of DC jumping the gun. They need this foundation of Hal &amp; John, then bring in Guy &amp; Kyle, then get to Baz and Cruz years down the line.
I fucking love Trials. Timeless game.
&gt; When I initially tried to talk to him about it, he retreated and told me that I was trying to "change" him and try to "feminize" him in some way. ...wow
GS should go on one more run with the current roster for next season. Win or lose next year then blow it up before legs start going and other teams figure them out. Throw in AD in the mix and they go on another 2-3 title run tear...until THEY MEET GOAT INGRAM IN THE WCF baby WOO.
If Kobe was 6'9" 250Ib he'd have 8 rings, 4 MVPS, and 5 FMVPS. Context is everything.
This is why I can't do the dog thing.
Watched the theatrical cut opening day in theaters. Watched the Ultimate Cut twice on blu-ray. The Ultimate Cut is slightly better but I still hate the film. It's not rewatchable like MoS was either, so I've still only seen it those 3 times and have no interest in returning. The second time I watched the Ultimate Cut I was bored outta my freakin mind and had to force myself to get through it.
&gt; However, seeing more of Clark and his investigation was great. That was the one aspect of it that made it bearable. It fleshed out Clark as a reporter much better.
Oh so there's a 50/50 chance he might stay? This is so stupid. Ultimately this is WB's fault for letting this fester for so fucking long. If Ben is truly waffling even to this day then they need to just make the decision for him and force him out. This is what happens when you have a rudderless ship with no leaders stepping up to fix problems.
The problem with DC within WB has always been that they have no direction, no plan. If they had a plan they could have had a cinematic universe after Batman Begins, but they had no imagination. If they had a plan we wouldn't be getting slate after slate that then gets blown up two weeks later. If they had a plan we wouldn't have 5 fucking Joker films and 30 Harley spinoffs in the works. If they had a plan they would execute on a foundation FIRST before throwing films at us left and right. They are a complete mess of a studio when it comes to DC properties and always have been. With each passing year, I get more and more fed up with their bullshit.
I want a Nintendo Switch now
Same. I got my hopes up for the unveiling of a Superman game, or at least a Justice League game from Rocksteady. Sigh.
Thor Ragnarok is one of the MCU's best films. If Aquaman is as good as that film then we're in good hands.
I love the first Thor, but Ragnarok is a Top-3 MCU film to me. I almost walked out of Thor: The Dark World out of pure boredom.
Not in that film. It absolutely worked. I think something like GoTG2 is where it didn't work.
1. Black Panther 2. The Winter Soldier 3. Thor Ragnarok 4. Infinity War 5. GoTG1
&gt; This is why we should all vote in the ~~Midterms and 2020 elections~~ Every election
Because ~~3 games~~ 4 including Origins isn't enough, right? No time for other heroes to get their due? No, it has to be Bats 24/7/365...ugh
I really hope this is the Superman game, or at least a Justice League one. After years of these rumors, it's just gotta be.
That fear, that anxiety that opposing teams and fans had whenever Kobe was on the court is one of the greatest aspects of sports. As a Jets fan I feel that same fear whenever we play Tom Fucking Brady. That edge-of-your-seat anticipation is palpable. It's part of why Kobe is so loved and hated.
PG and Randle
Disrespectful.
Same is true for real Jimmy Olsen then?
&gt; In normal circumstances I guess she would limit contact, but they are training partners. She would literally have to stop her martial arts completely as there is only one school in the local area that she can train at and she is extremely passionate about her hobby. Horseshit. Adults prioritize what's most important to them. She's trying to have her cake and eat it too. Ultimately she's just disrespecting you and has been for awhile given her denials in the past. Don't put up with this behavior OP. It's time to dump her and move on. Find someone that will respect you and respect reasonable boundaries.
Halo 2 is the best overall game in the series! Enjoy it!
I want a Switch so bad right now. I think it would be the perfect compliment to my X1.
My primary game would definitely be Mario Kart. But I'm also interested in Mario Odyssey. Would you say it's still worth it? I've never been a Zelda fan but Breath of the Wild also looked pretty good.
This is a great write up man. Especially the portion about Zelda, which I have been on the fence about. It sounds like it's the perfect introduction to that world. I also forgot that a big reason I'm interested in the Switch is for crossplay Fortnite. And I'm excited for future cross-play games. The only thing holding back the purchase of a Switch is funds. Gotta wait for a great sale, but I'm on the lookout for one now.
Let him walk to us in next year's free agency. If he wants to come here, he'll sign with us without us giving up everything. Sign PG this summer, Kawhi next summer. No one has to go.
The bron-stans will downvote you, but I'm 100% with you. We don't even have to give up much if we just practice patience and let Kawhi walk to us next year in free agency. Sign PG this summer. be patient for a year, and then get Kawhi for nothing next summer.
Patience is about to land us PG so I call bullshit. Bottom line is this, if a player *really* wants to play for us then he'll walk to us. We just have to keep the cap-space open for them. I'm so over the "blow-up everything to form a Superteam" mentality. The Warriors built off the people they drafted, and then added KD without sacrificing their key players. That's the proper model.
Yep. This time also allows us to see how Kawhi bounces back from his injury. What if he isn't the same player when he gets back yet we've just sacrificed all of our young players to get him? Better to wait and see how he plays next season. Let someone else sacrifice their core for him. Then he can walk to us next summer. There is literally no downside to waiting except for the impatient excitement of trying to form a Kawhi + PG + lebron superteam because headlines or whatever. That trio isn't beating the Warriors.
We should do exactly that OP. Wait to sign him outright next summer. That gives us a year of seeing how PG works with our young guys, and gives us another year to see how BI, Lonzo, Kuzma, and Hart progress (Randle would obviously be gone in this scenario).
I don't care about lebron's legs. I don't want him here.
I'm with you OP. Especially because we can have a Finals caliber team in 2-3 years anyway without giving up everyone.
I don't want lebron here, so my scenario is: * Sign PG this offseason * Sign Kawhi next offseason Lonzo - Ingram - PG - Kawhi - Servicable center/Lopez?. That's a championship contending team.
Absolutely. If he wants to come here, he'll just sign with us next summer. Zero reasons for us to give up our young players.
Lonzo - Ingram - PG - Kawhi - Servicable Center. Yeah, that's a championship caliber roster in a couple years when Lonzo and Ingram start dominating.
As Magic said last year, to me Ingram is untouchable. Future Top-3 Superstar in this league and he can be our next franchise player for 20 years. You don't give that up for **anyone**.
I'd rather be a team that can win championships for the next 10-15 years, not a short 3-4 year window.
The problem is that there is no reason to give up our young players. Everyone keeps overlooking the fact that Kawhi can just walk to us next summer. People are just fucking impatient as all hell. We can have PG and Kawhi. Just wait a fucking year.
Lonzo (15 years) Ingram (15 years) PG (7 years) Kawhi (8 years) Random Center (rotating year by year) Bench: Kuzma (10 years) Hart (10 years) People forget how young our guys are.
&gt; Nothing is guaranteed Speaking of, what will Kawhi look like after returning from his injury? Much more sensible to see how he looks this upcoming season, and if he's back to 100% then we sign him outright next summer.
7 fewer years.
I don't want lebron. I'm talking about only signing PG this summer. Then we have the cap space for Kawhi next summer.
I'd rather have no lebron. Best case scenario is: Lonzo + Ingram + PG + Kawhi + Kuz coming off the bench. This scenario is possible if Kawhi walks to us in free agency next year.
Also, as a someone that owned the Rift for a bit (had to sell it for financial reasons) I think what's holding VR back is not only the cost, but the cable and the physical size (and heat) of the headsets. A wireless, small/slim, cheap, VR set with roomscale built-in, and that stays relatively cool, is the ticket to getting VR more widely adopted imho. That's all incredibly difficult to do of course, which is probably why Microsoft has been hesitant to push VR/AR as part of Xbox.
Honestly, Activision has been more scumbaggy than EA for the past 7-8 years. The success of CoD got to their head a long time ago.
For those of us that don't want lebron here, the scenario OP described is actually option 1.
Yep.
This is not the best way to ask this question. It's not either/or. I'm more than willing to support trading some of our young core, I'm just not willing to support trading ALL of our young core. Big difference.
Friendos
I haven't finished Origins yet, but there are only two AC games that held my attention for more than 5-6 gameplay hours 1. Black Flag 2. Origins
Superman trilogy. Nothing else in the film universe matters until they get Superman right.
1. The Power Broker 2. Grant 3. Seveneves 4. 1984 5. Crime &amp; Punishment 6. The God Delusion 7. Triumph of the City 8. Superman: Birthright 9. The Sparrow 10. Nothing: Something to Believe In
Peggle 2
BI could be better. The dude is 20 and made a huge jump in year2 compared to year1. Kawhi is young too, of course, but he's still 6 years older than BI. If BI makes another similar jump in Years 3 and 4 we could have a guy putting up numbers that players only usually put up in their prime when he's 7-8 years away from his prime. You don't give that up.
I've never played these games, and never even really had them on my radar at all. I just assumed they were Japanese turn-based RPGs (which I'm not a fan of at all). After the Microsoft E3 briefing, I was pretty enthralled by it and I'll probably pick this up.
He's likely talking about the number of Bernie-Bros that just stayed home because "fuck the system" and "both parties are the same" and "Hillary stole the primary" and blah blah blah blah...
&gt; They see things differently, they see a broken system that really does not represent the diverse spectrum of beliefs in this country at all, and they say "I won't be a part of it." &gt; You can't really say they're wrong for that perspective, it's their prerogative. For every Bernie-or-Bust person I run into I ask them one simple question: *How much progress do you think could have been made the past 50-60 years if every progressive/left-leaning person had turned out to vote in every midterm and presidential election?*
I still prefer to wait until free agency next year so Kawhi can just walk to us. But if the front office is really going to be impatient then the only untouchable still needs to be BI. Everyone else is fair game.
100% agreed. This is the best scenario.
We only need two - PG and Kawhi. So that combo can wait a year.
Try Coffee Meets Bagel. I've been having much better luck, at least getting potential matches, on there compared to OkC recently...since the recent changes.
Yeah, that's a no. Wait for free agency.
Yes, it's way past time they did this.
No reason to trade the fucking farm for him. He'll walk to us. Just like PG will do this summer. Thank the fuck. Literally, the only people that will be disappointed by this are lebron-Stans that think this franchise fucking needs him for some odd reason. We don't. PG and Kawhi + our young guys (BI, Lonzo, Kuz, Hart) is more than enough to become a dynasty.
Huge red flags here. I wouldn't stay. The biggest red flag is that she's turning you into the bad guy in this fight when she was clearly in the wrong. That would become a pattern in a long-term deal with her.
Couldn't agree more. I don't want lebron here, and we don't even need the dude. Tbh, I think his presence would be a detriment for the longterm health of the franchise in comparison to the possibility of maintaining most of the young core we have plus adding PG and Kawhi by summer 2019. With that option, we get a window of \~7 years with PG and Kawhi in their prime alongside our young guys, and then when PG and Kawhi are too old, BI + Lonzo + Kuz will all be just starting their prime. Seamless transition. Adding lebron royally fucks all that up for what? 2-3 years of contention? No thanks.
That's how I've always felt about the first Avengers film. Good movie but got a pass because of the novelty of the teamup. I understand the significance of it, but it's always been overhyped.
As primarily a Superman fan, I think it's slightly better than WW. But both are 100x better than anything else in the DCEU so far.
I like this kid more and more.
Doubling-down on Snyder after the reception to MoS (a film I personally love, but was incredibly divisive). WB should have understood they needed to course-correct immediately after the critical reception to that film, and the so-so box office numbers. Every mistake since then is a product of that singular decision. It would have been much easy to retool after MoS, but instead they tried retooling during the JL production. It was much too late at that point.
This is exactly what a lot of us have been saying since BvS was announced. It was a terrible idea from the get-go. And then the execution just killed the franchise before it really got off the ground. There were so many redflags.
\&gt; The problem is the media reaction to the movie was so overhyped I don't even think it was overhyped. The level of hype was entirely justifiable, and just right for what it was. It was a cultural event film much like Avengers 1 was, much like Wonder Woman was, much like The Force Awakens was, much like The Dark Knight, much like Avatar was at the time, etc...
I laugh whenever someone says cultural significance shouldn't play a role in scoring. Maybe it shouldn't, but literally every film/book/painting/song/etc... has had an element of "cultural significance" scoring built into critical reception. The Dark Knight clearly benefited from the untimely death of Heath Ledger. Would he have earned that Oscar if he was still alive? Doubtful. But that doesn't take away from the fact that he still should have won it posthumously. \*That's\* cultural significant impact changing how people view his performance, and that's okay. The Avengers gained some "cultural significance points" in critical reception because of the novelty of finally bringing the cinematic universe together. The Force Awakens basically coasted on cultural significance points because Star Wars. Most people just accept that that is okay. But Black Panther, for reasons we all suspect, is constantly being questioned as a film because people don't think cultural significance should matter it \*its'\* case.
I definitely think he can, but I think the best approach is to play up the discovery that Mars was once an Earth-twin with a vibrant civilization. Much like how I hope James Wan is approaching Aquaman as a mythical story of discovery as much as a superhero action film. Play up the adventure aspect of these characters/mythos.
Excellent idea. It would be different from other films in the superhero genre, something we haven't yet seen. Could totally work for a MM storyline.
Offer Randle + picks and when the Spurs turn it down wait until free agency next year.
\&gt; So, the key for us to keep our young core is NOT SIGNING LBJ. Thank you! We can be a juggernaut of a team for the next decade with PG + Kawhi + ALL our young pieces if people would give up this ridiculous lebron-chase. HE'S NOT NEEDED.
They should have offered West the President of Basketball Operations role, hire Magic as an advisor, and still brought in Pelinka as GM. You get everybody on board. Then when West retires/moves on Magic steps into the President's role.
Restricted FA, so yeah sign &amp; trade.
I mean he's a salesman. His personality and charisma is what Jeannie thinks will bring in free agents. I'm sure Jerry and Magic would have a good working relationship but Jerry would just make the final calls on things. At least for a few years, retires, then hands it over to Magic. Given their respective ages and histories in the league, it makes sense to me. Obviously this didn't happen, and I'm not really complaining about the current setup. It just would have been nice to see Jerry back here to finish out his basketball career.
I view BI as untouchable, and no, not just because Magic said that last year. If a trade centered around Kuz, Randle, Hart, and picks for Kawhi happened I wouldn't be mad. But Spurs likely would reject that too, so we're right back to waiting for 2019 free agency, which I'm ultimately more than okay with. It's actually preferable to me.
That I can be desired and loved.
This is the preferable way to handle this.
Still not BvS bad, so I was pleasantly surprised that we at least saw an improvement.
Hope he stays in Cleveland.
Good. Hopefully this isn't a smokescreen. Stop with this bullshut lebron chasing. Keep the core, bring in PG this summer, and then kawhi next summer. That should always be option-1A.
Slow your roll. MJ averaged 37ppg in a season, as a guard, in the 80s. Even Kobe's monster season in 2006 couldn't match that.
Forget lebron. I don't know why some fans are so insistent on it. We have a championship team with PG and Kawhi alongside our young guys. We just have to wait one yet for it.
And that's exactly why we should not sign lebron under any circumstances. He hamstrings potential future moves. If it's not Kawhi next summer, why not pursue AD or Giannis, etc... in future years.
You claim Chris Paul is aging and past his prime, yet he's younger than lebron...but yet you want lebron here... ...What?
Age is age. Nobody beats father time. I don't want to hamstring our future for 1-3 years of oldman lebron.
And some people wanna give that up for what? Dude is 20 years old. He's un-tradeable, at least he ought to be.
&gt; He basically smiles smugly in your face when he tells you "You will never be as good as me." Your take is exactly Lex Luthor's take. You are literally reguritating what a villain says about Superman. The irony is incredible to watch.
I wasn't talking about BvS Lex.
Neither do we.
And it would still be the one that should go.
No.
NoLa will trade AD to us. I dunno how, but it's gonna happen.
Apparently, he wrestled crocs in the outback.
Nope. Considering we just saw GSW dominate lebron *again*, you *really* think lebron, PG, and some 2nd and 3rd year players are going to beat Durant + Curry + Klay + Draymond + endless bench...lmfao. We'd get swept in 4 games too.
I'd definitely pay to see a Lego Superman film, but I won't be satisfied until we get another solo live-action film.
Kobe still looked like a beast in 2011 and 2012 before he got injured. And it's tougher to recover from injuries as you get older. I don't want lebron here regardless, but putting that aside, everyone should be wary about a 34y/o lebron. Remember, he has more miles on his body than most NBA players at 34 due to all those deep playoff and Finals runs for almost his entire career. Father time is undefeated. I'd rather not test him. Especially when getting PG and lebron would force us into choosing between Kawhi and our young guys. I'd rather we have two guys just beginning their primes (PG and Kawhi) alongside our young guys.
Good. Ingram and Lonzo should be off the table in any trade. And if that means no trade, then so be it, walk away. If this is their strategy, which it appears it is (knock on wood), then we're in good hands.
And then that precludes acquiring Kawhi in FA next year. In terms of fit for the long haul Kawhi &gt; lebron
No thanks. I like my horses.
Well Maginka better not feel that pressure. You don't trade away all our young assets for a guy going into free agency, who we haven't even seen play since getting a serious injury. They better not do this trade unless it only involves anyone not named Ingram and Lonzo.
Nah, I'll remain hating him as a player no matter where he goes. Won't be able to watch Laker games if he comes to LA. Which would suck, but I'll live through the ~3 years that he'd be here. And then when he's gone I can watch again.
Yes yes good good
The Lakers have all the power in this scenario, as long as they don't panic. Bottom line is this, even with no big moves this off-season we are in a great position to continue to grow in the coming years. We don't have to do a damn thing. This is not like a few years ago when we were all trying to get rings while Kobe was still here.l so we made deals we shouldn't have. There is no reason to make deals we shouldn't be making. Stand pat if necessary.
&gt; The third reason could be about Lebron. If Lebron wants them to trade for Kawhi but they aren’t finding a good deal in discussions, they may be able to show they tried but the price was too high. And it's this bullshit which is part of the reason I don't want lebron here. When people jokingly talk about LeGM, it's not just referring to lebron making demands of the front office as a player, he can hijack the front office of teams he's not even on. If he's been in communication (directly or indirectly) with the Lakers camp and we're adjusting our plans just to suit him then that's exactly what we don't need. If we make some dumbass moves just to entice lebron here I'm going to be really fucking pissed off.
Probably a technicality, part of the contract he signed with DC or something. Highly doubt he'll be much involved in future products and that's for the better. It's best to turn the page and begin a new chapter.
I refuse to believe Maginka is this stupid. Smokescreens.
Any Laker fans that are willing to give up all our young players for Kawhi is disinvited from the cookout.
Everything is clear once fans/front office drop this ridiculous lebron pursuit. If your obsession is getting him then you make stupid roster moves. If you understand that it isn't necessary to get him then you can be more calm, cool and collected about what to do. Even if we don't make any big moves this offseason, we're still in a good place, unlike a few years ago.
&gt; ~~Lonzo~~ Ingram isn't going anywhere. That's all that matters.
I'm with you 100% OP. It's really stupid to trade or Kawhi when, if he really wants to come here, he can just walk to us next summer.
Only if that one player is not named Ingram or Lonzo. Everyone else can be fair game.
Fuck off in trading Ingram. Don't fucking do it.
Shit will be like Harden all over again. Ingram should remain untouchable.
DON'T TRADE INGRAM.
No question he'd be in the discussion.
This is what I've been saying. Some people here keep getting blinded by lebron shit. We're the fucking Lakers.
PG this off-season and then Kawhi next off-season. I don't want lebron under any circumstances and I won't be watching if he comes here. I also believe Ingram and Lonzo are untouchables.
Bought my first Switch because of this deal today as well. Can't wait to play Mario Kart and Mario Odyssey!
Agreed OP. There should be a rule to permaban anyone making a post that says lebron's better. Leave that shit in r/nba.
&gt; Man stop acting like the Lakers are too good for Lebron Except, we are. He's one player; we've had dozens of all-time great players in this franchise and have the championships to show it. We don't need him for shit.
You're 100% right. The number of lebron dickriders in this sub is too damn high. Which is part of the reason I don't want him here; otherwise it will just get worse.
Early 30s, became a Lakers fan the second Kobe was traded, so since '96.
I won't watch. I'll just tune back-in in 2-3 years when he's gone/retires. I won't stop being a Laker fan, obviously, I just won't be as invested as I have been for 22 years.
Superman solo film
What I want to see from those that discounted the character prior to MoS, is the acknowledgment that they were fundamentally wrong about the character. Snyder/Goyer/Cavill's take is nothing new for the character. That human, relatable, character has **always** existed in the comics and in the DCAU.
Well deserved. I absolutely loved this movie. Already seen it twice and plan on seeing it in-theaters many more times. And like MoS, it gets better with each viewing.
Solo Superman film. It's irrelevant to me whether Cavill returns or not (even though I like him in the role) or whether it's a reboot or MoS2. We just need another solo Superman film.
Been saying this for years. **Man of Tomorrow** An adaptation of *What's So Funny About Truth, Justice, and the American Way?/Superman vs. The Elite* No other storyline shows us precisely why Superman is relevant, interesting, and needed in the world.
A horrible mindset. The character of Superman is larger and more important than any individual actor, director, writer, producer, or studio. I would like Cavill to return, but he's not above the character.
Snyder made a mockery of Superman in the trash heap that was BvS. The mess of JL was inevitable once we saw what BvS was.
That's why I never wanted lebron on this team, and still don't. I'm happy we got AD, but price was wayyy too hi.
Lebron is not the best player on the planet. Dude is old. Kawhi snatched that title up. And we should be targeting Kawhi heavy in FA.
Terrible comic used as the backbone for a terrible movie.
John Stewart for next GL film and/or HBOMax series!
