Wow - you are a truly forgiving person and I commend you on your actions.
My former best mate is outright shunning us. It is common now to mark and shun inactive ones.
Does happen, there are snitches everywhere who think they can improve their position by informing on ones who have confided in them.
Sounds like you are moving on and getting on with real life. I would just put it all behind you - the JWs are in a tiny little bubble of unreality - so leave them to it!
Have a great time &amp; let your parents know how great it was and that they missed out due to being abnormal parents.
I would not attend a meeting under the guise of a “family gathering” - this is just a ruse to guilt trip and influence you. It is emotional blackmail and coercion. Tell him that the only family time you want is that where religion is not even mentioned or alluded to. Normal families do not need religion in order to have a gathering or show true unconditional love to one another.
Getting to know normal people and making friends is vital in order to grow personally. Take some positive steps to make contacts and develop friendships- this will help you to learn more about yourself too. As you grow you will become more attractive to others.
Yes, a good fade will get you out of meetings, but it will also get you branded. We got shunned totally by all friends and remaining JW family have dramatically cut contact. It is what they are programmed to do. We decided to be very firm with them and set boundaries for what we would allow. We accepted that they would probably reduce contact over time until it reached zero, and this has happened. At least we know where we stand and that they are fully under cult control. Prepare yourselves mentally and you will get through OK.
Contracts, control, standards, systems... Sounds like a big business cult to me!
This is such an accurate analysis of the fundamental methods used by the JW leaders in order to mislead its members and condition them to think the way that they want the group to think. Thanks so much for this. It is very helpful.
This is very common behaviour in many bodies of elders. Lying is rampant and protecting the good name of the congregation by any and all possible means becomes the main objective. It's a cult.
True - good advice !
Rather than get info on how much they are getting it is more productive to use that time &amp; effort to alert the general public to the child abuse, shunning, cult status etc in order to prevent new ones joining. In addition to waking up JWs that are questioning, these two steps lane will stifle growth and cut off money supply to the Borg.
A warm welcome to you. You have had an easier path than most, but you will still have the deeply rooted cult phrases, thoughts and fears lodged inside. It can take years to remove these from your inner self. Wish you well at college and in discovering the real you. Enjoy your freedom, and never give up in your efforts to educate yourself.
Contributions have been down too....
I do t think that any of us really comprehends just how messed up the JW way of thinking has really become... Until we step outside the bubble. It is scary, but once you see the logic, facts, data, reason on them all and conclude that it is a giant con job cult, then the freedom is just awesome. Wish you well Busta!
Yes, I agree with your view. We found out very early on in our fade that there are extremely moral normal people out there. It stunned us at first, but then we realised the cult tactics that had trapped us in a certain false mindset and were able to readjust our view. Probably the biggest eye opener for us was going to a charity event to raise funds for our local rescue helicopter service. The generosity of people was amazing. We knew that as JWs we would never have contributed (because it was worldly &amp; included an auction for donated goods etc). Of course JWs will gladly make use of the service!
Yes, I would suggest that since we have left we have become far more generous, compassionate and caring. We are now engaged in our community and actively doing things to help others rather than just being passive "takers" as Watchtower would have its members be.
Another great cartoon which hits the hypocrisy on the head.
You are feeling the normal guilt that is a result of cult conditioning. We all felt the same to one degree or another. It is an emotional response rather than a rational one, as you actually mention in your post. These "friends" will not call you bless it is to invite you to a meeting so that they can feel better about themselves getting saved. You will find, as I have, and countless thousands of other ex JWs, that there are no true friends, they are all conditional on you attending meetings and agreeing with all cult beliefs and instructions. Look at the facts, do not allow emotions to cloud your judgement. Step outside the bubble, be free and make real friends.
Being a true friend is the best support to give. Listening, asking questions here in order to understand what he is going through. We all want to help those who have left to recover and rebuild their lives. My advice is to build new friendships and relationships amongst normal people. The family may be taking the cult hard line, but what your friend does with his life is under his control. He does not need to follow the dictates and irrational reasonings of family who are trapped in a cult.
Good way of describing the situation.
Support is what every exJW really needs. We needed it when we left, so we pass that same support and humanity forward. There is no better way to help yourself recover than by helping others do the same.
It is possible that a parent might be able to sway medical staff, and they will most certainly try to do so. Your best defence is to make it clearly known to your doctor that your family are JWs but you are not, and have it noted on your records that you accept all medical treatments including blood if required as determined by medical professionals. Perhaps a medic alert bracelet would be helpful? That way your mother has no say if your wishes are loaded into the database when they scan your bracelet (it also means that family do not know what the bracelet signifies as far as your medical directives). Important to think of these things as the JWs are sneaky critters if you ar unconscious and can't speak for yourself.
Powerfully evocative. I feel your pain. Hang in there - Fake it till you can make it (out).
Take a deep breath and think of all the things that you can do now... There are som many things that the cult banned or frowned upon. You are free from all that crap, so look at the positives and focus on them.
That is the problem, they won't even look at any evidence, no matter what the source. My BIL even refused to look at Watchtowers! The reason? It might damage his faith ! - go figure the logic of that comment!
There is an exJW group (a closed group that has to nvite you in) on Facebook. It is very supportive and has Meetups around Australia. PM me if you would like to join it. On a more general level.. Just get out into your community and become involved. There are clubs for your hobbies that will put you in touch with good people. There are genuine charities that are really helping people and need volunteers. We have a great circle of friends as a result of joining some clubs. Finally - work on ridding yourself of cult thinking and phrases. We are often unaware of just how odd we sound to normal people simply because our language and thinking are so black and white due to cult training.
Oh my goodness! Some serious crap going down back then.
Th enrich is that nobody really knows. It is OK not to know things. I do not know anything about Quantum Physics, but it does not bother me at all. I had to come to the realisation that if JWs we wrong on so many things, and change their teachings on so many doctrines, then they are most likely wrong on the really big things too... Like if a God really exists. I am OK with not knowing how we got here - I just want to make the rest of my life as meaningful as possible after wasting 62 years in serving the cult.
The GB also seek fame and fortune. They have it made... Great accommodations, waited on hand and foot, travel the world business class, and get treated like kings as they trip around the world. So you see, they are just like Satan. These comparisons can go both ways, it is just that Watchtower picks and chooses how it illustrates its points, and simplistically at that.
You could always say something vague, like "IDK if I will ever go to a meeting again" - which she is unlikely to pass on in that exact form. If you live your life to please others then you will never be happy yourself. It is only you that can decide when you want to take control of your life and be free of this BS cult.
Replace doubts with knowledge of facts. Education is what cults hate. The more you research their methods and tactics the more you will see through their sham and the stronger you will become. Edit - it took me about a year and my wife about 2 years to get over that feeling of "what if?"
As a Kiwi I have to say that these guys really rock it - pardon the pun).
My guess is that you are not truly in love with your wife? If you do not have a really solid relationship, then it may not survive this test. You have been honest with her. Now you have to be honest with yourself. What do you want in life? Do you really know who you are inside? Once you work out who you are and what you want, then your course of action will become more clear to you. It sounds like you know the ramifications and are ready for them. Take care, say as little as possible, and back yourself.
Loosen the belt a little.
I think we all realise now that we were self righteous, and programmed to feel superior to those evil "worldly" ones who were deserving of death. Trouble was, for me at least... Many of those that I knew through my business were far nicer people than those who I was forced to associate with at meetings and call "brother and sister" - I had nothing in common with most JWs. I recall talking with my wife many years ago about how there were so many really good people who were not JWs and she produced a Watchtower titled "Is being good good enough?" - and I just went along with its totally flawed logic at the time. Now I can see straight through all those simplistic illustrations and arguments.
Haha - great point!
Remember that sieges can take many years. I think this one will be long, painful, and ugly.
Using isolated figures with now references to support them is an old Watchtower trick. The underlying message is the same no matter what numbers they stick on it - the world is bad, end must be near!
Great to hear!
We thought we had bad days but your story had us laughing our faces off. It can only get better right?
Do you have any non JW family that you could turn to for support? Do not allow your father to guilt trip you. That is simply not good parenting, but is so common amongst high control cults. Develop a plan, execute the plan perfectly,many get out for good. Do not feel like you have to explain things to your family.mjust tell them what you are going to do and then carry through your plan. Being firm and definite is a huge bonus when dealing with cults.
I would seriously do all I could to me well away from all this crap if I was n your position. It could save your family and your sanity!
May be referring to the questions outlined in the elders manual. They mention questions like this.
Sometimes you have to fight fire with Fire. It is very apparent that the Borg wants to keep everything under wraps and goes to extreme lengths to hide their dirty tricks. When faced with this we only have one option, and that is to shine the spotlight of public opinion on them! Expose the Borg for the cult that it is!
I am speechless!
Congratulations. You are not bragging - you are passing on good positive news. This is just further proof that a positive attitude and definitive action pays off. Instead of the negative inward looking JW mindset you have taken a proactive and outward looking view and it has clearly proven to be a wise decision. Wish you all the very best in your new job and new location.
You do not have to shout out at high volume to get your point across. You could hiss at him in a low voice - almost a whisper - "do not ever do that again - it is not acceptable!" - give him the evil stare as you say it. Repeat as required if he tries to minimise his actions. You can make him feel uncomfortable too without creating a scene. If he does not leave you alone then please report to child protection agencies or police. It is serious, even if your parents and others minimise it. Take care.
No way. As Ray Franz found out - a lone voice for reason gets shouted down or ignored. That assumes that the new appointee has the guts to be different - which I doubt because otherwise the rest would not appoint him.
Thanks for the positive vibes. I always felt like the odd man out as an elder. I recall the last elders school that I attended. At the morning tea and lunch breaks I looked around and thought " I really don't fit in here" - not sure exactly why, but just seeing all the old boy networks being reinforced and the rhetoric and self righteousness "as a group" really stuck in my mind. I hope you can get your wife and kids free. Can you join clubs or get involved in hobbies and interests where you could get your family away for weekends etc? Getting them away from the cult indoctrination is a key method of showing them how lovely normal people can be and reducing the continual barrage of fear from he Borg.
Depends on your viewpoint. Many here conclude that going back in order to save family connections and then fading is the best option. My view is that I would not play by cult rules and go through the charade. I also see that faded ones get shunned as well, so it is moot how genuine family contact might be after you have faded. Your call really.
Yes indeed. My Wife just had an email exchange with her still fully in elder brother. He just trots out the tired old excuses. Like the GB are just imperfect, child abuse is just a few imperfect people, the Borg is still the best of all the options out there... Etc etc... It is depressingly annoying how blind he is to any facts, and even trying to appeal to his own humanity has failed. They truly are blinded.
You spoke your mind, and in a normal family that would be respected. It is not that way in a JW family. You dodged a bullet. Do not sit back and become complacent. Formulate an exit plan with a timeline. Learn the skills you need to go it alone outside the JW bubble. Make contacts and build networks. Seek out non JW family if you have any. Be careful not to divulge how you feel or what you think to any JWs until such time as it suits your schedule and plans.
I have already advised Kelly that I can’t help and given him info on the EXJW FB group over there. Hope he finds the person.
Yes, most definitely can't support the concept of a genocidal maniac being worthy of worship due to being some sort of superior being.
By their fruits you will know them. Who are more evil... Those who deny life saving medical treatments, shun their own kids for simply having different beliefs, and throw their own teenagers out on the street, causing suicides? Or those normal people who do none of the above?
Not being forced into a mould. Being able to be natural and relaxed. Seeing people for their true value as human beings rather than as being somehow lesser forms (human hotdogs according to TPT). This alone totally transforms your worldview.
My wife was molested by her own father (a non JW) as a young child, so I do understand the lifelong scars that it leaves. Your strength and resolve is admirable. I also understand your view towards your father. I would have walked over hot coals to protect my two daughters and could not have stood by and done nothing if they had been molested by a fellow JW. Words fail me when I try to conceive of the thought processes required to justify such heinous coverups.
Our own moral integrity required that when we discovered that teachings were continually changing, and made zero sense, it required us to take action and leave to preserve our own integrity.
Damn right !
Well done - the vast apostate army never sleeps!
There is never a perfect time for anything. The JW system encourages you to do nothing at all, and simply wait on God. What that means is a wasted lifetime. The hardest step is the first. Getting out is about setting a plan in place and then executing that plan. Set a timeline with dates by which you want to acheive certain milestones or goals. Then stick to your goals. You can find flatmates. Normal people are doing it every day. You will never know what freedom tastes like unless to take the first step.
Incoherent post from a JW who is totally unaware that they are in a cult that shuns children who dare to think for themselves. Such love !
JWs fail to accept that their religion is a dangerous cult. They are blinded.
Highlights the crazy paranoia of the JW system.
Yeah we have tried that numerous times and it falls on deaf ears. They ignore whatever does not fit their fairytale ideas of reality.
Its breakfast time &amp; already Mum is grilling the kids about what they learned at the meeting!
You would be right about that !
Yet another cult phrase that simply means befriending someone, but of course they have to make everything sound so unique and special.
Can't be true. Gotta be fake news. All those apostates are angry, violent, evil people who need to be shunned back to JW reality. /s
It's a real bummer when these things happen. It shows that even those who are physically out are so often still under total mental control by the cult. Keep your head up man. You are the sensible one who has it figured out. Build new contacts and relationships with genuine normal people.
Spin doctors
Maybe they are getting too much news that conflicts with JW reality - so they withdraw further into unreality.
So much lost opportunity. That is the Watchtower legacy.
You have been normal. You have acted in an authentic way, simply being you. Your parents, if they were in any way normal, would respect your right to hold your own opinions, even if they don't share them. You are not responsible for your parents happiness, but you do control your own life. Be you, be authentic, and do not feel bad or guilty about it!
The Borg continually makes rules without scriptures to support it. They even apply porneia to acts that they deem sinful, between marriage mates. They indeed have to be extremely sexually repressed and abnormally focussed on sex in order to dream this stuff up. The GB are perverts.
You are taking control of your life and setting firm boundaries. This is excellent news and I wish you total success and improving happiness. Hope your move goes smoothly. It is all going to help you get well. Give it your best shot at grad school - you can do it.
We never did because we always thought that any spare money should go to Watchtower. How wrong we were. Since leaving we have supported several local charities and made sure that our donations actually acheive some positive purpose. It feels great to do good in meaningful ways rather than empower and enrich those 8 guys in NY who already have a palatial retirement home.
They are doing exactly that right now. They only cherry pick the data that they can manipulate or spin as a positive. They will absolutely double down on the phrases that you mention as time goes on.
Gotta be TPT !
Could not agree more.
Why are carnivores teeth designed exclusively for eating meat, along with their digestive system? Lions could not exist eating vegetation.
Good for you. When you do not cower to their bullying they soon run away with their tails between their legs.
Good for you. Calling out the crazy is the best option with PIMI family. They are so conditioned to trot out the regulation words and phrases and to worship the GB that they honestly can't see what they are doing. The big picture totally eludes them. Full marks for taking the battle to them !
Just one more line of reasoning that adds to dozens of others that clearly prove the Bible to be neither inspired nor infallible. Good reasoning!
It would not change much at all, because you still have 8 madmen at the top who create the rules, so they would just issue an updated elders nanual with sections for elderesses. Biz as usual after that.
Well, that depends on who, if any, fess up. It is only wrong is someone else knows about it. /s
It is all about confusing the masses. If they can have people worrying and discussing about trivia then they don't have time and headspace to worry about the bigger more important issues like child sex abuse.
You should have seen the fear in their eyes - it was a huge wake up moment for me to see that you could intimidate them instead of it being the other way round!
Awesome job! Well done. I will bet that the anti- Witnessing of apostates using this and similar methods will be far more effective than the JW methods /carts etc. Let's hope that the young girl especially starts to think and question. The cult can be defeated, but the chain of youngsters being indoctrinated has to be broken to enable this downfall. Thanks for your post. It as a great way for me to start my day !
Don't like the way he is holding you with both hands man. That just creeps me out.
This is what I expect from the Trout. Well done man. Totally irreverent - which is great btw.
Yes, that point at which we all come to that realisation is life changing. It is rather amusing to see the look on their faces when you tell them that you do not recognise their authority over you, and you refuse to answer their questions. They totally lose the plot and get confused.
Good for you. We need to call out this type of behaviour whenever and wherever it happens.
Never say never. We woke up in our 60’s
I know of secretaries who put in numbers that they dish out of thin air for people who are trying to fade. So the numbers are suspect at all levels within the Borg.
Good for you. At some point we all have to be true to ourselves, and when we reach that point it is truly liberating in so many ways.
Brilliant idea. Could even get 4 guys to turn up in a black SUV, dressed in black suits with dark glasses, so they look like FBI or secret service men. Taking notes... that would freak the JWs out completely and start the rumour mill going into overdrive!
It is totally normal to go through stages where we feel down. The cult has programmed us to react to any and all negative situations as a confirmation that the cult is right and we are wrong and total losers for not seeing it their way. Triggers are implanted in us. We can get triggered by the most innocuous things. First, step back and try to analyse things in a factual, logical way. Most times triggers are based around irrational fears and “feelings” - which is not a great way to live life. Stay focussed on reality and rational thinking. Dismiss fears and negative feelings if they have no basis in facts. Take positive action to address anything that you see in your behaviours that tends to encourage this negativity and fear. With help and a calm rational approach you can beat this. Happy to help if you need a hearing ear. Just PM me.
Because every JW can tell the “heart condition” of a person just by looking at them. /s
All non JW are evil - right? /s
We all go through these stages of doubt. It is quite natural. What you are facing is reality. For your past life you lived with promises and a fairytale ending. Now your brain is having to reconcile the reality all around you with what you have been taught for years to accept. You can get through it, and my advice is to do your research into everything that you have doubts about. Education is the key and in the modern world we have a vast array of information at our fingertips. Learn, analyse, rationally think things through, and you will get to a happier place where things make sense.
Under arm bowling....
Yeah - understand. It’s the “please others to fit in” type of thinking that JWs think is “being all things to everyone” - which just means not developing a unique personality of your own because you are moulded by the cult.
Yes indeed - and it shows how little people actually know, yet how much noise they make about beliefs and fairytales. Truly stunning.
Yes, totally agree. I asked him why God would choose to select him but leave a child in an abusive family? He could not answer!
You are quite OK to vent. It is normal to be upset by such things. Family should be loving and supportive - so if this is the type of love (bullying) that JWs are promoting, then no wonder subs like this are growing like wildfire. Lift yourself above all this BS and take the higher ground. Refuse to engage with them in their silly little games. Your daughter does not need that kind of crap in her life, so give her the best future possible and leave them to fester in their man made mess.
I used to read the first sentence of each paragraph and before the reader had finished the first one I was through to about para 8 and knew the gist of the whole article. I later identified that every paragraph would have a statement, followed by the Watchtower slant on scriptures that they could twist to support their view. It was unlike any form of “study” and totally akin to repetition by rote.
Definitely!
There were many times when I thought along similar lines to yourself. When I pioneered I felt like it was a total waste of my time because it was an ineffective method. I am a good salesman, it is my daytime job, but I was not a good “seller” of truth. 55 years of selling the truth and I closed maybe 5 people, all of which either left or fizzled out. So a pretty poor sales record, which by your analysis should have been stellar if it had been true (which it obviously was not). As for preaching - we just had dinner with a 7th Day Adventist couple and they believe that they have the truth, and are being blessed by God and are the only ones doing the worldwide preaching work (geez, the similarities to JWs were stunningly obvious) - with massive growth in 3rd world countries being declared as proof of divine backing (as opposed to preying on the vulnerable and uneducated). Too many cults, too little critical analysis and education.
I honestly do not know how PIMO ones do it! Going to just 2 meetings after I woke up was torture. I feel truly sorry for those who can’t get out quickly. It is terribly depressing to have to sit through those indoctrination sessions and try to appear happy. Hope you find an escape route that works for you.
Very valid points!
Getting a good education is key. Not sharing your feelings with other JWs is also very important.
Very good editing. Short yet to the point.
You are quite correct. It is totally unjust to expect children to make such lifelong decisions. Cult pressure is intense. I would contend that even those in their late teens might have minimal data to decide such a life changing matter.
Sorta cyborg reference from Star Trek - it devours everything in its path. Dominant entities that engulf people.
Sorry to hear of your pain and discomfort, as well as your past troubles and losses. You are dead right that the Borg conditions parents to ignore normal parental love, affection and caring. It is truly evil for the divisions that it causes in families. I wish you well, and hope that your mother still has a spark of decency and reason left in her heart.
I do not think that he does know. He is simply following a pattern of words and phrases that has been collated over many decades. Just like the one person in the KH who is awake... it is an exception to be able to see through the fog that they churn out. I never saw it, and when I did finally wake up I was instantly shunned because I shared my findings with “close” friends - who all turned out to be as equally blinded. If you wake up to what they are doing you can see the faulty reasoning and cult techniques as if they were in bold large print - they just leap off the page. However to the indoctrinated they are just the same diet of familiar phrases that makes them feel comfortable. It’s mad!
I would expect that you could be. They regard it as extremely apostate material. Ironic because it is far more accurate than their own publications. Tread carefully.
Are you in a position to get out completely? That would be the ultimate motivational course of action.
Actually when you examine the JW stance it is only very slightly different to the Mormons, Seventh Day Adventists and myriads of other cults. It is just in the minds of the JWs that they are “special”and different. The reality is that other religions are telling their members the exact same things but using different doctrines to make themselves “different” to all the others. It is a total non argument to say that being different is a measure of Gods approval.
You are so right on the money. This is a classic situation of the Watchtower policies being totally at odds with helping its members. I hope that you can support this guy and hel him see that the cult is not helping his situation.
Totally agree with your sentiments!
Because it is all made up fiction. It is designed so that it does not make sense, because it is based on faith, not facts.
Please seek professional help and counselling. You have a huge amount of your life ahead of you. You can get through this and discover the real you that is hidden deep inside. Do not give up. Life can be so much better if you can just get through this rough patch and heal yourself. Hang in there. You can do this!
I doubt that you have any legal options. If family want to be arseholes then that is what they will do. About the only thing you can do is try to be “in the loop” as much as you can so as to be advised of when it happens. Tough situation and typically cult like.
I would suggest that whenever such a situation arises again all of us should attempt to place a seed in the mind of the young child. Something like “one day when you get to think for yourself you will realise that you were raised in a cult” - or maybe a slightly more subtle comment (I am feeling pissed at little kids being used as child labour for this cult and having their potential robbed from them right now).
This girl wants to defend a cheating guy and pin it on you... sounds like typical JW messed up thinking and a no win game to me.
You are obviously in the writing department.
It’s amazing to me now - I used to watch video clips like this and be proud to be a JW. Now I pick out the cult language eadily and it all seems so orchestrated, fake and, well, culty!
I used to think that this feature of JW life was unique. It is not! We have visited several countries and been shown around by Ex JWs who invited us to stay with them. Good, friendly, generous people are found in all types of clubs and communities. We have found similar cameraderie and offers of accommodation and use of bikes by motorcycle club members around the world. The only reason you think that it is unique to JWs is because that is what you have been told your entire JW life.
This is terribly bad behaviour that JWs continue to practise. I hope you can get through this OK and that your brother recovers.
It is sad situations like this that convinced me that the God of the Bible (and Quran, and other Holy books) was a made made fiction designed to control people by means of fear and guilt. There is no logical explanation of the inconsistencies unless this whole construct is fabricated.
Just search his name on fB - it came up top of the list when I did that.
I am not sure, I think you have to be an FB member to see it, but I am a member, so I can't check this.
You handled this in the best way possible. You called out their guilt tripping manipulative methods and made it clear that you have higher standards. Good for you!
I sincerely hope so!
They believe that every bad or unpleasant memory will be removed from their minds. The problem with this reasoning is that they are willingly accepting that they will be unthinking robots!
It’s funny that you should ask this question as we were talking to our 7th Day Adventist neighbour last week and he made exactly the same claim about the SDAs - that they were global in their ministry, they were the only ones doing this lifesaving work, they had huge growth, were building new churches etc. it sounded exactly like what a JW would say. He quoted a figure of 14 million global SDAs - so almost double the size of the JWs. He also bragged about how they all studied exactly the same thing each week! It is what each religion teaches it’s members and what they believe, not the real facts, that matter to cults. The Mormons, Scientologist, Muslims and others will all be telling their followers that they alone are unique and special. It is all part of the way that groups control people.
This.
Try to show her the unreasonableness of wanting you to consider her evidence but not being willing to do the same. Seems like she is fully indoctrinated, and it maybe a futile exercise.
Very rarely. I had one friend who enjoyed spiritual discussions with me until I started showing him the errors in Watchtower doctrines. Then he and his family began shunning us and we left the Borg. Prior to that I think most discussions were about policy, rules, schedules, talks, JCs and the like. It was formalities mainly.
The sad fact of life as a JW is that they (and we previously) believe everything that Watchtower says. We never did any in depth thinking about it. We never questioned much at all (although I did question the signing over of our hall when I was an elder). It is only by calling out these travesties and exposing their hypocrisy that we can raise awareness and help JWs to wake up.
Or just tell them that it is a personal decision and you will not discuss it. That way they have nothing to beat you with or harp on about later.
They have you in their sights, so prepare yourself as to how you will handle them. My advice is to tell them quite bluntly that you do not accept their authority &amp; you will not be discussing anything at all with them.
If you are inactive for 6 months then you drop off the immediate radar. If you are not “known” as a JW in your current location, then the chances are that you are relatively safe. In the event that you are snooped on and they make contact, there is a very simple and effective answer. Tell them very bluntly and firmly that you do not accept their authority and you will not discuss anything with them.
No, I never once had that happen. It was expected that (as an elder) you would be listened to &amp; if not compliant the bro or sis would be considered at fault due to not “following Theocratic direction”. Honestly- it would have stopped me in my tracks if someone had challenged me and refused to accept that authority. I saw the fear on the faces of the elders that visited me last year when I told them that I did not recognise their authority.
Boy do I know how you feel. You are simultaneously thrilled to be aware of the facts and to be free of the BS, but scared of the outcomes. All I can say is to gradually seek out new friends and contacts outside of the cult. Build these relationships and distance yourself from the JWs as much as you can without outing yourself too soon. Keep your thoughts and feelings to yourself. Do not share your true feelings to any JW or JW sympathiser. Try to show your wife that normal people can be good too. Just drop little things that build a picture of those who are not JWs being good, caring, empathetic etc. this might build up over time in a way that gets her to wonder why a loving God would destroy such ones.see if you can ask her to google things more often - firstly for mundane things, then later you can introduce more pointed searches. It might take a while, but doubts will build up until they are unavoidable . Wish you well in your journey of self discovery and freedom.
You are facing the reality of dealing with highly deluded cult members. Remove the “family” from the equation and ask yourself... would I choose to have this person in my life if they were not biologically connected to me? Sometimes feelings and emotions prevent us from seeing the obvious, probably because we have been conditioned to behave a certain way. Once we remove the toxic people from our lives we realise how great life can truly be.
Study hard and do well. Success is the biggest and best antidote to cult BS and their irrational fearmongering.
Ironic much
Must be tough to see all the contradictions and manipulation and have to sit there. Hope you can wake your mum up!
They never stop their bullying and manipulation efforts. This is a typical example. Tell them that when they change their shunning policy it will benefit everyone.
Your mother does not respect normal human boundaries and good manners. By making it about herself she shows the cult indoctrination is strong in her. Normal parents would be assisting the fledgling to leave the nest, forge their own way in life and be independent. They would be happy to see you grow and develop as an adult. This is what good parenting is like. JW parents want exact clones of themselves who are dependent on the cult just as they are. Glad you are standing your ground and escaping !
This!
Great to hear about your husband. I wish you both all the very best!
It is very common to try to tidy up loose ends at various times of the year ( line end of service year and just before CO visits- I used to do it as an elder. What I found out is that when you are very firm and definite in your resolve not to accept their authority and not to discuss your personal life - they vanish! If they sense that you are wavering or not sure - then they really dial up the pressure!
Yes indeed ! It’s how it is presented as “Love” when in fact it is an attempt to control people and dictate what they do in their personal lives and spare time.
It’s very hard to reason with a JW on this subject (and a bewildering array of others). Questions are what I like to plant. How could a perfect God allow such imperfection if he is actively guiding the Borg? Should it not be far closer to perfection that any other man made Organisation? Why is it then that the ARC said that JWs had the worst child protection policies of the religions that they investigated? Were those other churches closer to God than the JWs?
A warm welcome to you! Nothing better than sipping your favourite drink whilst listening to some great music and reading this sub. Now that is what life should be about.
This is the typical behaviour of cults. They are punishing you and rewarding your husband. This is their type of “love”, which is about as messed up as it gets. I would call out their bullying and pressure tactics with your husband. If I were him I would certainly feel uncomfortable about enjoy g myself with friends at the expense of my wife. As a cult member he will be conditioned to accept this type of behaviour as normal, but you really need to point out to him that it is most definitely not OK. It is mind control of the worst kind.
I simply can’t see any good coming out of this. Whatever way I look at it, it just looks like a giant mess that can only get worse. If she is willing to stay in a relationship that is deeply unhappy, then she is totally controlled by the cult. You are showing early signs of the mental anguish that JWs live with 24/7. Your comments show that she is fully in with the cult. Best to tell her that you have researched the JWs and found that they are a cult which shelters child abusers and defends unrepentant (not guilty if you deny the abuse and there is no second witness to the abuse) paedophiles in court. If she is not willing to do basic google searches such as “JW 1006” - then you have no hope of getting her out of the marriage let alone the cult, so bail out while you still have your sanity and freedom.
You ask why others feel happy serving this organisation for their whole lives. I can only speak for myself, but it is because I knew no better. I was brought up in a family that rarely remained in one town for more than a couple of years. We were continually moving, so the only constant in our life as the JW congregation in whatever town we were living. We fully believed the BS, right up until 3 years ago. If you are isolated and never make true friends then you are the ideal cult prospect.
This is why nobody should listen to the elders or take notice of anything that they say. This is total BS! Do what is best for you - support this lovely woman and your child. Be happy outside of the cult.
You can do this man! This is the start of the best part of your life. You are free to do what you like, when you like, with whom you choose. Take things easy, don’t go overboard - get your life stabilised first. Wish you all the very best for your future!
She should be OK. This is a pretty routine procedure nowadays. There are bigger risks from post operative complications and infections.
Warm welcome to you. It takes courage to stand up for facts and honesty. You are sure to discover the real you, and your mother may see through the Watchtower BS eventually. She may see how your life improves and you are happier out of the cult. She may just wake up.
A warm welcome from a fellow ex JW (down in NZ).
Loved your last paragraph - that alone sums up this whole series of conventions.
Yes, a lot in common. We are in our 60’s. I am 65. Both my daughters and all my grand children are out of the cult and we have been out for 3 years. We are happier than ever and life is good. It took me a good year to 18 months of very intensive research and hard work to rid myself of the majority of cult programming. Some things pop up every now and then, other things are deeply ingrained and might never get fully resolved. My kids see a very chilled out Dad and my aim is to enjoy the rest of my life and my family. Hope you can do the same!
That’s cool - you do what is right for you and what feels good to you. Enjoy your freedom! Exciting times ahead...
Simply raisng questions and then suggesting that she google the matter. Boom!
They probably can afford the maintenance and had the hall all paid off when Watchtower did their land grab a few years ago. It is Head Office that is pushing to sell off every decent bit of real estate that they have. Locals generally have no clue what is really going on.
Damn good point! One rule for the leaders but another for the sheeple.
Maybe it’s a good time to remind still active JWs of that parallel. Might just jolt them out of their CD.
The explanation is simple - the GB are simple. They think that they are immune from examination because of their 1950’s style thinking and secrecy. They have not moved into the 21st century with instant access to huge amounts of data and the means to disseminate such.
Indeed!
I can totally relate to the huge mind shift that is required. I woke up and got out at age 62. It is a continual struggle to re-learn almost everything that I thought I knew. The good news is that you will get great peace and a huge clarity of thought when you finally discover the real you deep down inside. Systematically research things that bug you and they will evaporate as triggers of depression and gloom. Look ahead with optimism and joy!
Yes, I know several of the elders that were on JCs with me that asked way too many questions of a deeply personal nature and it was uncomfortable for me. One time that I remember well, when we excused the brother to discuss things I asked this elder “were those questions regarding details required?” (I was a pretty new elder at the time) - he claimed that it was to establish if it had become “a practise” - but I never bought into it. I alsways looked at him differently afterwards. His best buddy (now dead) was a real letch.
Depends on what your research reveals to you. You need to have a basis for what you believe. If you decide that there is no God or that it is highly improbable, then your label might differ. One good line to defuse parents and give yourself space to think and decide is to simply state that you do not believe that the Bible is the unerring and infallible word of God (there is quite adequate evidence of the many inconsistencies and inaccuracies in the Bible - global flood anyone?) - if your conclusion agrees with this line of reasoning. If your parents can’t beat you up with the Bible it takes away a lot of their ammo.
Duh - that is such old light! /s
Yes, they keep ramping up the fear. Most JWs that I know would not be able to carry a backpack filled with 3 gallons of water and supplies for 30 days, including their Bible etc. It’s total fear mongering that could be replaced by the simple and logical list that Civil Defence publishes for real emergencies.
You are not alone in wondering that.
Hey dude! Take a pause here. You have a lovely girl that you are deeply in love with.... that is how you start your post. Don’t make any rash decisions that lead to really bad outcomes. Get yourself some counselling and open up to this lovely woman. You can get through this together if you team up and work it through. It is far easier to share the pain and work on a solution than it is to bail out and let the cult win. You can do this, and we can and will help support you. PM me if you feel down and unable to cope. Sharing the problems and pain is far better than bottling it up inside and making poor decisions as a result. Chill, try to relax and get some help.
As far as I am aware they settled the case out of court, so the fines stopped, and they did not have to hand over the documents.
I am not sure that DFd persons are under “no pressure”. Seems to me that you are just looking at playing into their fairytale world, and possibly doing something that is “not the real you” just to satisfy their crazy policies. I suggest that you simply tell them to butt out of your personal life, leave your love life out of the picture, and cease bugging you because you do not accept their authority over you. Be your own person. Own it!
That is great news! You are becoming normal and experiencing the love and care of normal people. Embrace it. If any JW workmates give you a hard time, just downplay it as cute yet considerate behaviour by non believers. You can do this if you think positively and embrace reality.
We woke up because the vast weight of information and actions by the cult was showing us that it was totally wrong and crazy. Whilst we would and do support those who have woken, we have had zero success in helping to wake up those who are still in. Support and encouragement are required when they wake up themselves. You can’t force them to open their eyes.
Sadly that is true. However, if you stand up for yourself and respectfully decline the JW pressure it is possible that your family might respect you eventually. We had that situation with our daughter, and after around 12 years we woke up. The way that she did her own thing, but brought up 2 lovely daughters struck us and showed us that good parenting exists outside the JWs. Live your own life and be proud of it. You can’t live your life for others- even parents.
You are welcome to PM me and maybe we can chat on the phone or Skype sometime?
Just click on my profile &amp; you will see a link to send a message
Hope you feel better soon. Dont let the cult ruin the rest of your life. Get well, do what is best for you and give the Borg the bird!
I can only speak for ourselves, but we are happier and healthier than ever. We certainly have seen the sickly nature of a lot of JWs in the past. Just the mental pressure and depressing content of the messaging is enough to drive you into bad habits like over eating and drinking.
This is obviously a very real issue for you. The best way to handle it is to be very firm and without telling her that you are DFd (because that will just make it worse for you) tell her that you do not wish to have her discuss religion or her beliefs with you, at all, ever. If she presses for a “reason” you can just say that you know someone who was DFd and shunned by their family and friends and that true Christians just do not act like that towards family. Or you can say that you just googled JW 1006 and were shocked by what you read. That might encourage her to Google &amp; read it.
Oh No! You have my extra special best wishes ever (sorry could not resist) - be strong and call out the BS as best you can.
Very similar. My parents did teach me a little about saving and budgeting, and I also knew a little about cooking, washing clothes etc. I do think that there is a general tendency for JWs to think that the “education” that they get from Watchtower is adequate (which is totally false of course) and this is why they neglect such basic training of their kids.
I like this...
It takes a fair while to get rid of the cult brainwashing. Best way that ai have found is to research the heck out of birthdays so that you can see through the JW crap. Also celebrating the birthdays of others and wishing them well is a great way to actively counter the indoctrination. Bear in mind that if you do not actively do something to counteract the programming , then you stay programmed!
You are not under obligation to the elders. You do not owe them anything. They are not your masters, so build up the courage by rehearsing what you want to say and simply say NO! Being very firm and definite is your best protection, otherwise they will just bully you.
Sad that the cult indoctrination extends for far and so deep that they spoil their own fun.
We have only managed to find a handful of people that we knew who have escaped, but we have experienced the same as you. It is great to know that you are not alone in seeing through the JW sham. The growing numbers on this sub prove that we are not alone and many are waking up.
Yeah ask him why he was out scriptures by a worldly lawyer and claimed he would have to ask Jesus when he got to heaven. I thought he claimed to be one of Christ’s brothers directed by Gods Holy Spirit? What a joke. Full of crap and smelling just as bad.
This is what the JWs love to do. They want you to beat yourself up and come crawling back to them. Despite how much you love and want your family, you have to realise that they are not normal. They are cult directed. They obey cult directions. You do not need these people in your life. They are toxic and nothing good can come from trying to be “family” with them. Break free, be your true self. This is your best route forward.
Love your turn of phrase. I could vividly picture the scene - it is so generic to the JWs.
If they were that inept at getting to formalities sorted out beforehand then I do not hold out much hope for a happy marriage or escape from the cult. Sad really.
Doing well, being happy and successsful is the best way to answer the closed minded JWs.
I am sure that you will have comments from many here who can relate to what you are experiencing. My advice is to research everything that bugs you. Once you can think very clearly and lucidly about things you will be able to dismiss the irrational thinking and minimise the emotive responses to “feelings” that are deeply ingrained in us by the cult. The bottom line is that family who choose to shun another family member are not real family. They are toxic people and do not deserve to be in your life, because they do nothing except stuff up your mental health! Stick with the therapist and build a new life with your boyfriend - your happiness and success is the best answer to those cult fami,y members who do not know the first thing about love and compassion.
Look forwards, be positive and refuse to let them get you down. No race car driver wins a race by looking in the rear vision mirror - you are in a race to enjoy your life before it ends, so look ahead with optimism!
Hope your life improves as a result!
Cos JWs are not allowed to use logic or educate themselves about words.
She is fully blaming herself for “failing as a parent” - so you need to inject some logical reasoning into the mix. Something like the analogy of a baby bird - the mother feeds are cares for it. It grows strong as a result of tireless work by the mother. Eventually the bird has to leave the nest, fly for the first time and live on its own. It is a natural part of life. Explain to your mother that being free to make your own choices in life does not mean that you will become a drug addict or similar, it just means that you are exercising your free will and growing as a person. It is a personal choice, not anything of a failure on her behalf.
Confused just like their teachings!
I used my iPhone to record by using an app called note taker - it worked really well as it does not look like it is turned on, makes no noises (switch the vibrate to off and mute the sound too). You might need an external microphone hidden on you if you have to hide the phone inside a jacket pocket etc. lie about not having a phone - you left it in the car right?
You do not tell the truth. This is rule 1. Never tell them what you are really thinking or feeling. You do not have to do anything that you do not wish to do. They are not your masters and you are not their slave. If you refuse to meet with them without a recording device they will just consider you apostate straight away. It is better to refuse to meet with them and refuse to accept their authority unless you do it on your terms, record it and use it against them.
Look after that kid! Teach her to reason logically and rationally. Show the hypocrisy and continue your fade. Freedom is amazing!
Do you think that he buys into the whole “fds” thing or does he know it’s a sham?
Welcome. I agree with you on religion. Check out www.jwfacts.com for the best run down on what JWs believe.
The elders tried the old « you are baptised and so what about your dedication to God » Line with me. My answer was that it was between me and God and none of their business!
Good to read positive comments from caring compassionate people. I wish you and your extended family all the very best.
Welcome! If you ever need a fast reply or someone to talk with, just PM me. Things do get better as you unravel all the BS and find out who you really are inside. It’s a journey of discovery and I encourage you to embrace it!
It is fake. The cult tells them repeatedly that they are to be the happiest people on the planet. Even if they are dying inside and totally miserable they will smile and try to put on a happy face just so that they can keep the Watchtower illusion alive and live up to the imaginary ideal of being the perfect JW. I have never seen so many fake smiles as when I was a JW. Now I know that when a normal person smiles and is happy - that is exactly how they are!
Hope you had a great day. The joy that you experienced is what normal people experience every day. Fantastic eh!
I have been thinking of this for a while now. If they can’t trace it back to you then it is a good idea. If only 1 person stops long enough to think about it, then it has been worth it.
Lawyer up. Do your homework and take good advice. You need to prepare yourself and take nothing for granted.
Beautifully accurate and indisputable!
You can certainly advise them, and I would take legal advice as to what options are open to you. Certainly threatening them with defamation proceedings and the possibility of them having to pay personally is a powerful tool to wield. Whether this will actually assist you in any other way than to make you feel a little better temporarily is moot.
None whatsoever! However, when you are a man made cult that is shrouded in secrecy - you do this kinda stuff and refine the techniques.
I saw many examples of this.
Not if they claim that they are Bible based and that the Bible is the word of God (his handbook for man). Anything else is superfluous.
You are right to be pissed off. Your in laws are out of line and seriously infringing on your right to parent your kids as you see fit. They do not respect normal boundaries, and will do all that they can to rope your kids into the cult. It is their hook to drag your husband back. Do not take this lightly. Call out their indoctrination of your kids. It is important and it is not OK! Sure it may cause some friction, but you can’t afford to ignore it. Your kids are in danger of being sucked into a damaging cult.
True!
There are numerous kids here that have two profiles - one that they rarely post anything on, under their real names, with pics of conventions, service etc. Then they have another profile which is where they and their friends share their real lives, and that is where all the partying and such is posted.
Glad you got through that phase and are out and happy. Well done!
I think it was partially the nosiness and meddling of other elders trying to get dirt on me that helped me start thinking and questioning things. Lots of back stabbing and rumour making added to it.
Sorry to hear that you are going through pain and turmoil. Bear in mind that you are not the one being deceived by a cult. Your father chooses to allow the cult to dominate his life. You can and should show compassion and love, but beware not to compromise your stance - I say this because JWs will often use family sickness to try to suck you back into the cult, or attend a meeting etc, and it can be hard to refuse when you are emotionally locked in.
The interesting thing about the confidentiality of confessions made to clergy is that Watchtower picks and chooses when it wants to hide behind the tag of “clergy” and hide things and when it wants to claim that it is not clergy and so is not obligated to report things. They did this is recent court cases and judges censured them for making opposing arguments to suit whatever situation they were in. The courts basically said you can’t have it both ways. Watchtower is only interested in protecting itself and it’s money.
You have nailed it. That is exactly the way it is. You can show true unconditional love whist still being true to who you are now and protecting your new family!
It was posted a couple of weeks ago.
Damn right! Good news = Jehoovers blessing Bad news = Satan &amp; the terrible governments under his control. In this case those satanic governments helped JWs... if only they could connect the same dots regarding the ARC!
Welcome - happy to chat anytime.. just PM me if you like.
I am sure that almost any page in the Bible will contain something that will resonate with you if you are looking to the abible for answers. It can, and has, and will continue to be interpreted as the reader sees fit, because that is what is really good at doing - being interpreted in whatever way the reader feels is relevant to them at that point in time. I would give it a break for a while and see if your thinking becomes more rational and balanced without the Bible in your life.
Aha- that makes sense now. Posing with those pictures of them advertising an event that claimed that millions living at that time would never die is incredibly ironic but gets totally overlooked by JWs
Do not play their games. Call them out on the fake happiness and self righteous attitudes. It might just get your dad thinking...
No - they will tend to side with any active JW rather than a DF, faded or other labelled person.
Hell no - we had one when I was an elder. Would love to have a Porsche and drive past a field service group in it!
Do you know about the EX JW Facebook group for Aust / NZ. (It is a closed group and very supportive) If not, just PM me.
I assume that the team which you are supporting are still in the competition? I am hoping that England do well for a change (my country of birth).
I would make the school authorities aware of the JW disdain for higher education and warn them that it is a cult.
So was Watchtower, ironic huh?
Subtle hints about stress and anxiety being linked to the meetings etc...?
Yes, they get that look a lot nowadays. Nobody who uses the internet has any time for their BS now. They have lost their power and they know it.
Please PM me your info so I can submit to the mods
Lucky you! Many have trouble lasting 15 seconds.
Firstly develop as many friendships outside of the cult as you can. Learn about the true you, your inner self and nurture that person. Develop an exit plan and set goals that you can tick off as you achieve them. Do not overthink things. You can find roommates, and you can become normal. It just takes effort and dedication. You will certainly need both to become a doctor. I think you made a mistake by saying that you have the goal of getting baptised, because that just gives them something to beat you with. If you have non JW family you should reach out to them and see if they can help with housing etc. getting out had to be planned with military precision otherwise it can be very stressful and quite difficult. Back yourself and take action. You can do it and we are all here to support you emotionally and with suggestions and advice.
Check my post history and you will find a fair few posts explaining how I handled the recovery process.
All the Kingdom melodies sound creepy to me... and very poorly composed musically. It’s a cult, what do you expect?
Yes, this is quite normal with JWs. They will only view you as good association (worthy of spending time with) if they think that you are likely to become a JW too. Otherwise you are categorised as part of Satan’s evil world and they refer to you as “worldly” which is a negative term used for all non JWs. I am afraid that she has become entwined in a high control cult and she will continue to isolate herself from any normal family members and only associate with cult members. To understand more check out a book by Steve Hassan titled “Combatting Cult Mind Control” - also check this sub and the website www.jwfacts.com in order to understand the dynamics of cult indoctrination and why it is so hard to get people out of the cult.
There is nothing you can say which will not either inflame in situation or give him more ammo to fire back at you. Are you baptised? Best advice is to sit tight, give no info as to your feelings until the day that you move out.
Very true. The JWs would have members believe that every non JW is fully aware of the message and is constantly watching JWs. This is another huge lie, a complex fabrication that is etched in the minds of believers. The reality is that they are all but invisible. Insignificant, unimportant.
Get to know who you really are first. I know this sounds crazy, but I feel that nobody is “themself” when they leave the cult. Some never discover who they really are and what they believe. They just exist in a state of limbo - hovering between 2 worlds. It takes a lot of time and effort to discover who you are, what your real motivators are. What you believe, think, feel etc. so invest in yourself. Become the authentic you. When you feel comfortable in yourself, then the confidence and personality will shine through and others will be attracted to you. Try it out...
A daughter ought to be able to have a heart to heart talk with her father and be respected for her views even if the father may not agree with those views or the choices made by his daughter. That is how I feel that it should be., and how it is with me now. The JW reality is quite different - the father will view his decision as final, and he will believe that he is right. This is how Watchtower reinforces its control mechanism. By all means raise the issue and clear your chest with your father. However, do not expect to change his narrow judgemental viewpoint. He will most likely dismiss what you have to say and feel that he has “done his best” which is the standard “ignore it” position for JWs. I am sorry that this reply seems rather negative, but I think (in my experience) that it is a realistic view of what is likely. Be prepared for it, and decide how you will handle it. Calling out the abuses and the poor policies of Watchtower is vitally important in raising public awareness and preventing these things from continuing on without any consequences. I believe in calling out those who commit these crimes and those who support and encourage them by their silence and complicity.
They are far more wary about asking for comments from strangers nowadays.
It seems like you are very timid and find it hard to stick up for yourself. The JW bullying machine is designed to crush all those who are easily manipulated. At some point you will have to stand up for yourself, be bold and brave and resist their tactics. I hope you can gain the strength to do this soon. Every time you go back to a meeting it knocks you back - almost to square one... then you have the task of dragging yourself back up again. Take a stand. Be bold. Be the real you and be proud of it. It will be the start of a new phase in your life and newfound confidence. Peace!
Oh my goodness! That is really taking things to extremes... and shows a total lack of English language knowledge.
I know of a secretary who fakes the attendance numbers quite regularly. When he was asked why the average attendance numbers were so high when the attendance was low for the CO visit, he made up a story about a really bad virus going around so that many were off sick that week. Funny thing is that the CO goes to visit my mate (who is fading and has not been to a meeting for 6 months) and is surprised that he is fit and well, no sign of illness. Why was the secretary faking it? Because his beloved congregation is being decimated by faders and ones leaving. He can’t face reality so he makes it up. When my mate was talking with the CO it comes out that the CO is thinking of recommending him as an MS. Naturally my friend is rather confused... it turns out the secretary has been putting in fake field service reports for him, and he is doing so well that they are going to appoint him. This stuff is so freakin crazy that a top fiction writer could not come up with this crap.
Ask why this advice did not work for those poor kids who were molested by elders and other JWs despite all their heartfelt prayers to Jah.
Don’t know if you remember this or not... but when I was younger Watchtower used to teach that if you pray to Jehoover and use his name then Satan can’t hear that prayer. Can’t believe that I was so stupid to believe this crap, but it just shows how true believers can put any spin that they like on things.
You make some very valid points. I felt a lot of anger when I was a JW and especially when I was an elder. Of course I did not voice that anger or view it as such. It made me frustrated that I was powerless, and I felt depressed more than violent. The point is that after I woke up I went through s stage where I was righteously angry about all the lies that Watchtower had fed me, all the wasted years of service, and all the wasted opportunities in life. This anger was positive, because it motivated me to analyse what was behind that anger and then I took steps to move beyond it, to a happier state of being. Anger, when directed positively, can effect great change. In my case I am now far calmer and contented than I have ever been.
I used to be in charge of the sound, and this was the system that we used too. I wonder what would happen if the person who was on the tie in entered 20 as the number listening in? No doubt there would be information given to the elders and that listener would get a visit to find out why they were organising a non approved meeting! This is how the crazy world of JWs rolls people.
I have a closet full of dusty suits and unused ties. I recently wore a suit for the first time in 4 years, but omitted the tie. I can’t even fit into most of the JW clothes now, being out has been so good and new clothes are just a part of it.
You are amongst friends here, so you can speak your mind without fear of upsetting anybody. We respect your right to make your own choices in life and in what you think and believe. Now, to your family.... those who remain brainwashed are never going to accept logic and reason. The cult uses totally irrational reasoning and circular logic. You can’t reason with such people. You need to prepare yourself for the inevitable backlash from family. Be strong because you know that you are supported by many thousands of us here. Your future is in your hands, and it is full of promise and potential. Do not let feelings of guilt and obligation derail your escape from a high control cult. You will find out who you truly are, and you will be far happier.
It is usually more about following “Theocratic direction” in other words being an obedient company man. They normally spend a lot of time on judicial proceedings and I am guessing that they will be emphasising actions that will prevent them from getting sued and also trying to spin the selling off of halls and combining of congregations.
Do a Google search for the BITE model for identifying cults. The bottom line is that there is not a lot of difference, they are both man made outfits.
Bottom line? - there is no scriptural precedent because the one scripture that Watchtower uses is taken completely out of context as it applies to “someone called a brother” when a DFd person is no longer termed as a brother. They weasel around and twist things to suit their agenda.
My advice is to forget all those supposedly great friends, because they will prove to be fake friends of no value at all. The bottom line is that their kangaroo courts have no validity, they have no authority at all. I told the elders in my hall that I did not accept their authority in no uncertain terms. Best thing I ever did. Real friends don’t shun people !
I have approached carts, but I have been kind and mild, and just asked questions and then suggested that they Google JW 1006. This allows them the dignity of a kindly interaction, but if they are doubting at all, then the Google search is simple to remember and will certainly lead to a plethora of information. Curiosity is what will tempt a JW to look for answers. Direct and aggressive confrontation just feeds their persecution complex and shuts down any chance that they will look outside the Borg for answers.
I know you are not going to like what I have to say, but there is no way to sugar coat this. Your mother is going to try to use your baby as a way to get you back into the cult. She will also be playing JW videos and recordings to the baby from birth. This is the reality of the way that the cult has gotten her to think. She views it as her sacred duty to recruit her grandchild. She will tell you that she is going to respect your. Wishes, but as soon as your back is turned she will be indoctrinating your child. Beware... this is a massive red flag. Personally I would not go near a JW, especially a newly reactivated pioneer with my kids, let alone leave them with one.
I woke up early in 2015, and within a few months of research we had left. So yes, quite recent.
Yes, they are wanting all publishers to sign a form which allows Watchtower to store their data. It is something that I would never have agreed to do, even when I was PIMI.
A very warm welcome to yo7 and your family. Your experiences are fairly common, as is your admitted naivety around reality versus Watchtower spin. Your kids are probably far more aware than you realise. The younger generations are very savvy about looking up stuff via Google etc and are taught to fact check at school. I am pretty sure that your kids will be just fine so long as you allow them to just be kids and have fun learning about life. It is the stifling rules of being a JW that wear you down and cause exhaustion. Great that another family has escaped. Work on figuring out who you are inside. As JWs we have the fake cult personality enforced on us, so we never really know who we are. Becoming self aware and doing the research to answer our real concerns is vital in order to recover fully. I wish you all well. I know from our own experience that you will have ups and downs, but the overall trajectory is very definitely upwards and you will feel far happier being out of the cult. We were JWs for over 60 years and we have never been happier since leaving 3.5 years ago.
I am not sure about exactly where it applies, but certainly in Europe and the UK. Others may be able to clarify if it is being done in their countries.
All the best to you man. Waking up to the crap that is everyday routine for JWs is a huge thing- a major fulcrum around which life changes are made. You are now swinging to a different beat and I wish you well.
Anything is possible with BOEs - you never know. However - do not live in fear of them and do not accept their authority over you.
I guess I should have used Watchtower words such as “It is likely” probably, no doubt, or evidently.... However there are some things that are programmed into JWs so well that they are inevitable, and this is what I was warning the OP about.
I hope that you have a speedy recovery from your surgery. I can’t help with references because I have never looked at the blood issue from that angle before. Hope you win your wife over... all the best man!
We had exactly the same reactions for around 12 months after we left. The fear that they embed in you, and the fear of displeasing other congregation members is very real and very powerful. What helped us was when we actually realised that they are more scared of us than we are of them. It took me facing two elders and telling them that they had no control over me - that was what broke the fear for me. I saw the fear in their eyes when they realised that they no longer had control. They ran away like scared mice. From that time onwards we held our heads high and watched them scurry away and avert their glances. You will get to that point when you confront your fears and deal with them.
Unfortunately you did play their game by sending a letter and asking them nicely. This still gives them the upper hand, because in their cult deranged minds they see a request from a publisher and of course they are superior so they can choose to refuse or ignore the request. The way to handle things is to tell them that any further contact will be considered harassment and will be reported to police. If you have a copy of your letter, then this is evidence for the police that you are being harassed by this cult. Fight fire with fire and be strong!
Thank you for allowing Satan to play with you for thousands of years without any intervention, whilst you have had the power to intervene, yet your intention is to destroy every non JW, including babies who have not spoken or walked yet, millions of them.
I used to rehearse all the things I would say when I bumped into someone, and then I would just get lost for words when the time came.
Some JWs are so used to being lied to by the Borg that they do not know how to tell the truth or be honest with themselves.
Agreed - it does depend on the family, but being firm is going to avoid a lot of ongoing pressure and bullying.... and JWs do like to bully people into returning.
Isn’t it great to have your eyes opened and realise that it is all a giant scam? When I read CoC around 3.5 years ago, it totally changed how I viewed Watchtower and especially the leaders of it. Since then I have read several other books including Ray Franz second one, and they have all shed more light on this cult. Research all the things that have bugged you, or things that you never got proper straight answers for. That will help you grow as a person and heal from the cult indoctrination. It’s a roller coaster ride, but the feeling at the end is awesome!
Do not say too much. Listen and nod a lot. It depends on your living situation and circumstances as to how much you say. My advice is to keep it short and simple with something like “It is deeply personal and you do not want to discuss it.
We found so many great people that we could not believe how twisted and wrong Watchtower thinking had made us. We went to various clubs and groups and found a couple where we met great people and some where we just could not “gel” - we went to meetings of the rationalists and humanists, which helped us see that normal people do see the irrational behaviour of religions as a whole. We have a passion for motorbikes and so we made good friends in a couple of clubs and are very involved. We also got more involved in our community and re-connected with ones that we had been prevented from associating with. Life has changed so much in the past 3.5 years that we hardly recognise ourselves. We are far happier, calmer and having more fun. Our family (the non JW part) is slowly reconnecting with us. It took great effort, especially as we are both in our 60’s - but we are living proof that if we can do it then anybody can!
Can you report it to police? Depending on how the law is worded in your location you might still be able to have it investigated depending on statutes of limitation. Be brave and report it to the authorities. Do not waste your time &amp; energy on the fake JW judicial process - it’s a well proven joke. Look out for yourself. Get well, because you have the rest of your life to enjoy and grow, which you can and will do once you can see that you are important and your concerns are valid. Peace!
Yes indeed! We have gotten back into our motorbikes and just did 3 weeks riding in Northern Thailand with a group o 12 others. We are having a reunion at our place on Dec 31st. Life is what you make it!
Very interesting discovery. I have wondered for quite a few years why there is so little solid material on their website, and now it becomes clear why that is. They have totally different parameters for both “channels” ( sorry - could not resist that one). The JW.Borg channel is for public consumption, so is expressly designed to be inoffensive and bland. This results in the general public having a pleasant feeling about this benign religion. It all sounds so reasonable and nice. Then for the indoctrinated members the WOL side of things is really aggressively aimed at striking fear and obligation into members and carries the usual Watchtower rhetoric and language. These two sources of information must be kept quite separate in the Watchtower IT systems as they do not throw up even remotely similar searches. More proof of how deceptive and evil this cult is.
To clarify, we are having a reunion of our Thailand riding group to celebrate New Year’s Eve. We have met up with numerous EXJWs at meetups and that has always been a good experience where we have met great people. Keep growing, keep exploring who you are.
You will enjoy it. Very insightful book.
Well done. Proof that things around you do improve when you leave the cult. Nice job on the floor btw.
Aha! - I was like that 4 years ago, then I read Crisis of Conscience and saw the total BS of Watchtower and now I am very outspoken and have just been used in a documentary on CSA that has aired here in NZ - so I am right out there now!
Not all lawsuits are exposed. Most have gag orders attached.
Correction - paedo window washers!
Yes, we have no interest in the holidays - other than having some time off work to spend with friends and family. My wife and I were talking about it the other day and concluded that as affirmed atheists now, it would be inconsistent of us to celebrate religious ceremonies, and that most are just commercial promotions nowadays anyway. Each person is free to make their own choices of course, and we will not feel any differently about anybody because of what the celebrate or do not celebrate. Isn’t freedom wonderful?
Get some real data rather than spouting BS. Why do you think that Watchtower stopped printing yearbooks and does not even publish the same data online? We know how to spot Watchtower apologists here, so get genuine data to support your comments or you will be dismissed as fake.
I used to be the elder in charge of the group that wrote letters such as that, and also did telephone witnessing. I cringe now at the thought of how invasive those methods really are. I can tell you that we never had a single positive response in all the years that I oversaw that group. They will usually put the address of the Kingdom Hall rather than their own address, so you will never be able to contact the actual writer. Cults are all the same and it is not until you leave one that you can spot how similar they all are. Good for you on getting out!
When a cult pushes people too far they can react in very bad ways. This is one example. I hope that the arsonist gets help before he or she harms some innocent neighbour or passerby. This just emphasises how powerless cult members feel and how isolated victims can react.
Ditto
Nothing quite that sinister... still annoying though.
Wish your family all the very best. My path out was very rapid (within a few weeks of waking up) and like you, we have never been healthier and happier. I am very outspoken against Watchtower policies and was recently interviewed for a documentary on CSA as an ex elder. It is titled silent lambs and can be found at www.thespinoff.co.nz
Thanks for your kind comments. I certainly can relate to what you are experiencing. For us it was a matter of principle and personal integrity. Once we knew what was really going on we just had to get out and make a stand. The elders did try to meet with us, and when we ignored them they sent a couple of elders who had served with me on the BOE and had known me personally for around 50 years- all part of the tactics. I was well prepared and made sure that I did not answer their questions in the way that they expected. I knew the questions they would ask, and I was not going to make it easy for them. The reason they took no action is because I repeatedly told them (to make sure that they would remember at least this one thing) that if my name was mentioned at a public meeting then I would sue each elder individually and the BOE and JWs jointly with defamation. I had taken legal advice and told them of this. I reminded them that I had the resources and the determination to take them all for everything that they had if they do much as intimated that I had been involved in anything bad. I even reminded them that spreading rumours about me was also defamation. This very aggressive stance was intentional because I know that they ignore weakness and I wanted to be very firm and definite. I actually saw the fear in their eyes at that moment and I knew that I had turned the tables on them and I had the upper hand. They now fear me far more than I have ever feared them. I hope you can make new friends. We have managed to do so, and we have met some truly lovely people as a result of a lot of effort that we have put into clubs &amp; getting out there. All the best to you and your husband.
I have the view now that all religions are harmful to normal human development. I think that the specific methods of the JW, Mormon, Scientology and several other cults are especially harmful. It’s worth reading Steve Hassans book - Combatting cult mind control in order to get an overview of how these work.
Save up really hard because you will need money to be independent. Do not share too much information, especially reasons for leaving. The best option is not to tell anybody until the day that you leave and then only make it something like “this is my personal decision and I will not be discussing it with anybody” - this removes the pressure to explain - and gives them zero ammo to fire back at you. I wish you all the best for your rapid fade / exit.
Hang in there man. This cult takes so much from so many people, but it can’t take away your freedom!
Just one more camp,e of how lovely normal human beings can be to one another and how false the JW narrative really is. Thanks for posting this positive snapshot of humanity in action.
Estonia
Hell I so much get you! Several of my friends and family have asked how come I am not in touch with my mother. The answer is just as you explained it. I can talk with her, but it is never as it should be. We can never be on the same page because she will always have the cult page open. I can’t send an email because it will be (as it has in the past) used as a means to insert subtle and not so subtle threats and statements that will trigger me and set me back in my personal development. My choice has been not to email or talk with her for the past 2 years. It has been a time of great healing for me, and I have grown so much as a person due to not having this pressure hanging invisibly there. Well done you!
You could say... “A lot of people are asking why someone would be that upset that they would burn down a church?” And others are commenting that there must be a reason and maybe it is all there CSA that they have been hiding?
I can remember similar comments by COs who were very well off. One of them had several rental properties (I found this out later) but that did not stop him from taking all the green handshakes and acting like he was so poor and destitute because of serving as a CO. Hypocrite!
I checked out a previous CO who had a linked in profile where he talked about his past experience and how he was a regional manager who was responsible for training and lecturing including public speaking engagements. If only it could be re-worded to cult enforcer and brainwasher!
I wonder if that will work as you expect. When I was an MS I found that the elders told you what they wanted you to know. You do not get to know much of anything important. It’s when you get to be an elder that you eventually get to see behind the curtain... and they check you out pretty well to make sure you are on the team before you get to see what really goes on. IMHO it is just not worth the time &amp; effort. With what I know now I wish I had left 45 years ago!
Guilt tripping and feelings of obligation to family weigh very heavily on people who have been raised as JWs. It’s very powerful stuff. Just let him know that you will always be there for him, because just knowing that makes a huge difference if he does really wake up, or if he is just getting reinstated to retain family contact.
I think that the creation story is just that - a fanciful story, that has so many holes in it that it’s like a sieve. I love Ricky Jervais the comedian. He does a really great YouTube video about the creation story as told in Genesis. The beauty of watching this is that it’s not some technical analysis by University professors... it is just down to earth logic and common sense with a huge dose of funny. Not likely that you will get badly snapped for watching comedy either &lt;g&gt;
I have not experienced a Hall Crash, but I have seen them online several times. The ones with several people including women who gave their heartfelt experiences were the ones that touched me. You should know that many have debated whether these crashes work, and so it is good to get your perspective. Some have suggested that crashing just serves to reinforce the persecution complex of JWs and drives them further into the cult as a protection. Let us know more, because the more data we have the better it informs decisions. I have my VAA cap and I wear it with pride! I have not crashed a Hall as it is not really my style, but I have been filmed for a documentary on CSA that aired locally and is online, so we each do our part.
This is a common occurrence and has been for at least 5 years now. Of course they are ramping up the fear as part of it all.
Evil to the core.... and in fine company twice a week.
She must be ready for baptism now.... /s
You would need evidence. Perhaps if the child asked to look at her publisher card, under the pretence of checking if she recorded the right numbers, then she might be able to hold onto it (possible, but also likely that the secretary would not let it out of his hands). If you need evidence for a lawsuit then check with your lawyer as to what is possible in your area.
Yep, Kenneth Cook is the newest one - appointed January 24th 2018.
Very interesting to hear these two “pilgrims” of apostasy explaining 37 year old doctrines and their flaws which led them to wake up.
The bottom line is that your Dad is just repeating what he has been indoctrinated to believe... that the Bible has all the answers. If you dig deeper you will not find the answers in the Bible, because it does not have them. He will then move to equating Watchtower teachings with Bible truth, so that the two become the same. Suddenly he has moved from the Bible being the only source of true information to Watchtower publications are the only source, or are equivalent to the Bible. There is no doubt that you are smart enough to know that this is all BS. It’s a cult. Its members are deluded and misled. Just remember that when you try to have rational, logical discussions based on solid data and facts. That is when you will see &amp; hear all kinds of crazy stuff.
Awesome to hear of good people helping others. This is true humanity in action and we see it all the time on this sub. Goon on both of you!
Total control - even down to the colour of fingernail polish. This is what identifies JWs as a cult. Nothing has changed.
Boom!
That is probably the worst type of situation. So many JWs would feel conflicted just to attend, others would have attended but felt huge guilt. It is just crazy how these situations turn what should be a celebration of that person into a total farce of a contrived sideshow.
Thanks for clarifying!
Could not agree more. The secrecy and drive to maintain appearances is a key factor that excludes religions from being valid imho.
I must say that I was always a bit of a rebel, and now I am ashamed that I did not stand up to the crappy stuff more.
Why oh why did my mother fall for this crap and indoctrinate her kids into it? Oh how different our lives might have been!
And big smiles all round. Well done!
It is one of the most contrived and fake presentations that Watchtower has produced. It is total BS, and very cringe worthy.
Hell no! I never, ever, think that way, because I fully researched everything that bugged me about this religion, and I made 110% sure that I was happy with my decision to leave. If you hanker after something back in the cult then I would suggest that you do more research, because something is still lodged in your head and heart, and we know how cunning they are at planting lovely fairytales and the guilt to get you back. Stay well clear of cults. Nothing good ever comes from them. Once again, research cults and prove to yourself why you don’t need to go back.
I would say that this was what they believed way back when I was a kid (I am 65 now) - so they are just dredging up old light and passing it off as new. Of course I am not getting the chance to say this to any JWs because they are all shunning us!
That new light is really old stuff... they believed it back around 40 years ago. There is nothing new in JW fairytale land. It’s all fake BS.
Watchtower still trying to lie even when they have sworn on oath to tell the whole truth. What a bunch of dishonest rat bags.
There was always a nagging feeling that this was not right when I was a JW. Now with the benefit of true research, logical reasoning and common human compassion, I see it as despicable cult manipulation and worship of a genocidal maniac. Long live logic &amp; critical thinking!
If I were in your shoes I would just start fresh and forget the so called “JW friends” that phrase is a contradiction in terms if ever there was one. Simply be the authentic you and see where the “friends” polarise. Let them decide if they are true or fake. Move on and prosper. Yes, the secretary will contact the old congregation for an update, and yes, they will get a totally embellished and exaggerated story!
It is really funny when you tell a JW that you are so happy and content and better than ever. You can see the cogs grinding and the blank look just shouts “does not compute” - they are so indoctrinated to believe that everybody who leaves is at rock bottom and distraught. Fact is that those who leave end up being truly happy and those who stay are miserable whilst telling themselves that they are the happiest people ever. Sad, but true. Wish you and your family all the best for the holiday season. Happiness and a tight knit family are the best answer to the cult.
Stick it to him! Love to see the fear in their eyes when they realise that their control just evaporated.
They are really vague about that one. They are still officially stuck with the Anglo American World power according to their very flawed interpretation of Daniel, but unfortunately the UK is a toothless lion and not at all aligned with Trumps version of Murica! Got a major problem there Watchtower - none of it fits anymore - time for some new light fairytales. Trouble is that the GB vsn 8.0 is devoid of imagination.
See what education does for you?
It’s best to make sure before you open yourself up to potential shiny storms from all the other people that might get to hear your “news”. Ask questions that probe his feelings. Something like - have you ever Googled anything to do with JWs? If he says no, why have you, the you can just say you were wondering about a few things and thinking about googling them to get answers. If he says hell yeah, then again ask what he found... that way you are asking in a way that he can either respond and confirm his status or he can deny and you can back off and change the subject.
The trouble with your list is that it does not include a myriad of other things that are wrong with the Society. It is deeply flawed and dishonest. You can find true community amongst many groups of people. We have found incredible friendships and huge cameraderie amongst the motorcycle community (no not gangs) - truly helpful people who go out of their way to do things for us and we reciprocate. There are so many true charities and groups of concerned people who are all working hard to make this planet a better place - go find your niche...
This document leaves out all information relating to JCs, which is where the 2 witness rule would come up. By omitting to mention it they are not saying that they no longer apply it. This is classic cult smokescreen tactics. In this document that state several things which are worded carefully to obscure what they actually do ( or more importantly, do not do). Calling the Branch legal department before calling the police should be a red flag to anyone! Also throwing the responsibility on the parents to educate and protect their children avoids the reality that paedophiles carefully groom their victims and the victims parents for a long time before they abuse the child. Reality is at odds with this letter.
If you are 19 and being forced to return T shirts by your parents then I would be getting out of that environment. You are not going to develop as a normal human being if you stay under their control.
I can understand your frustration, but I have to be honest and say what it was like when I was an elder. I had never heard of a child abuse allegation until I changed congregations in 2014 and was told that there was a reinstated person who was a paedophile. In all my years as an elder I had never had a JC for CSA. I believe that there are a good many elders who are in the same situation now as I was back then. They are totally convinced of what they believe and they believe whatever Watchtower tells them. By all means attack the policies of Watchtower and those at the top, but I believe that the average elder is well intentioned even if they are extremely naive and controlled by the cult.
Try to inject as much normality as you possibly can.
This certainly fits with what I have seen in situations where elders families are involved in such things. It almost never gets reported to police it is usually swept under the carpet.
Try to get her to do her own research by asking questions that get her to think. Maybe something like - why do the JWs have so many rules that are manmade, like the ban on beards - I mean it is pretty obvious that Jesus had a beard and the Levite’s had beards, and beards are mentioned in the Bible a heap of times, so this really seems like a silly rule, it should be a matter of personal choice. Why not Google shy are JWs not allowed beards, and see what you come up with. The aim is to arouse her curiosity and encourage research via non JW channels of info. This is key... encourage her to research any doubts and questions, and to use multiple courses especially non JW ones.
This guy is a monster. There is no way that she should stay! The elders are stupid and blind for giving such advice. Ask her if a loving God would really want her to stick around to be beaten. Forget JW rules and policies and stick with common sense and logic - hope it works and she gets out.
Yes, this is happening in quite a number of KingDumb Halls - depending on how paranoid the elders are and what Hall crashes or protests they have had. I recall that they tried this around 10 years ago when there was a spate of burglaries of cars at our hall, they locked the gates, had cameras installed and had the attendants go out to open the gates if it was a known JW latecomer. It lasted about 6 months. The attendants got sick of getting cold and wet and so just left the gates open again. It is all based on fear and that is something that the GB has been ramping up recently. Edited to “cars”
There is more love and true friendship outside the cult than inside. Of that I am sure! Enjoy your friendship.
Firstly - a warm welcome. Second there is no need to fear here. We are friendly and encouraging (for the most part). The explanations are in the sidebar, but others are sure to have already answered the main ones for you.
They pulled the Revelation book because it was full of BS and failed prophecies. I was amazed that not a single servant in our congregation batted an eyelid when instructed to dump the books. Not a single questioning person. I was thinking “what the hell?” We studied that thing 4 times, it was central to so many beliefs. Now it is scrapped and not even mentioned by JWs. I still have my hard copy. It’s gonna come in handy one day - it will all seem so obviously ridiculous just as the Finished Mystery books are plainly seen to be now.
Let’s all submit complaints to Apple about the app. This could be a major coup for activism. We could mention not just the homophobia but also the CSA and lawsuits in progress. Imagine the chaos it would cause to Watchtower if Apple dropped the JW app from iOS devices.... huge!
Yeah it sucks alright. A perfectly normal time of family bonding is removed and replaced with cult BS. Ask your family how come the angels in heaven (Gods family) celebrated Jesus birth with rejoicing, yet your family can’t celebrate your kids birthday?
Great way to end the year. Wish you both the very best for the future.
You will get through it mate. You will get to a stage where you can look at it all very clearly and objectively and see all the manipulative techniques and control mechanisms. I decided a few years ago to get rid of anybody including family members who were toxic, and it was the best thing For me. It removed all the continual cult triggers from my life. I then read up a lot on cults and behaviour control, which further eased my mental confusion. Finally I can see it all for what it is. My wife and I like to say that our BS sensors are finally working 100% and we don’t take that shit from anybody now! Hang in there. When you finally get it all sorted in your head you will not realise the new you !
So it takes 7364 hours of witnessing to get just one person to baptism. This number is growing steadily larger. What you can see if that preaching work is totally ineffective and is just a tool to keep people busy and focussed on cult activity. Just a couple of years ago it took 6000 hours to get one person to baptism. To put it in perspective, if you as a publisher went out 10 hours every month for 62 years you should get one study that progressed to baptism, or just one child or family member that got baptised. Now how spirit directed does that preaching work sound?
They have hidden away billions n investments and what we see is just the visible buildings that can be valued. I guess it is like looking at their balance sheet. Their operating revenues are in trouble, but their assets are what is being sold off to fund the lack of cashflow caused by dwindling donations and increasing lawsuit payouts.
If you look at the average publishers you can see that well over 200,000 are irregular
Lovely to experience good meals with your family. This is what the festive season is all about.
Similarly, the words - evidently, apparently etc. when I was freshly woken up I started to use a highlighter to mark all the times that these types of words appeared in the Watchtower study articles. It was almost every single paragraph!
It is interesting to me that they immediately turn the issue into a personal attack on you. You are the problem because you left and hurt them? This is so screwed up! They are the ones who shun, they guilt trip, they lose normal family love and concern in their attempts to look good to others and to massage their own illusion of spirituality and thus ensure their own future. So self righteous, so selfish, so unreasonable. Do not apologise to them and do not crawl on their terms. Call out their crappy behaviours!
In my experience there are a few older ones (such as ourselves and 3 other couples that we know in our locality) who have woken up and gotten out. The problem is that those who do not wake up themselves tend to just see this exit as a sign of weakness or wanting to “have fun or do bad” - which means that they double down and believe even more strongly that they are right. I see the exodus of the young as the biggest pitfall for Watchtower. They will gradually lose relevance and members as the older ones die off. Without the family pressure to remain in the cult the you get ones will leave in droves as soon as their parents die.
Cringe much? Oh how fantastic it is that I neither send nor receive such texts anymore!
Ditto
Great ! Take it slow and easy, be yourself and don’t do the usual JW rush tactics...
Being able to watch videos that are not cult propaganda whilst sitting in a comfortable chair with my favourite brew in hand.
He is a grown man - if he does not know what the JW grapevine is like and how much snitching goes on then he has been asleep at the wheel. If he has shown it to one fully in JW then it is most likely known by a good number of others by now. I think it’s a bit late for damage control.
The GB and their “helpers” are just greedy, abusive bastards, helping themselves to kids pocket money before they trap them in the cult.
The elders book trumps the Bible in any JC. I know as ai have seen elders carefully analysing every word of a paragraph to get “direction” on how to handle a matter whilst at the same time ignoring logic, common sense or any Bible verses presented. They are company men who are following the rules of the Corporation. There is no divine authority, no special merit - it is all total manmade BS. Whatever power they have is composed of that power which others have lost and given over to them.
We were in the fortunate position that we have been self employed for the past 40 years and so we had acquaintances and a couple of friends who had never been JWs. We lost 95% of our fake JW friends including remaining JW family and people we had known since we were teenagers. Our approach was to get involved in clubs that contained people who were interested in the same things as ourselves. We joined a few motorbike clubs and just made a point of trying to engage and meet people through these groups. For example, we met a couple on a 1 day, 1000km ride, just by saying hello and asking about their bikes. We later stopped for fuel and a snack and they talked with us some more. Then after the ride we had a meal together. We invited them to stop at our our place for coffee on their way home the following day. We have since been on several holidays with them, we even rode with them in Thailand last year and we have become very close friends. We made similar friendships through other groups and have made a core group of very good friends. Other groups that we tried, did not result in us “clicking” with anybody, so we just focussed on the clubs and groups that worked for us. We also made a strong effort to connect with people who we knew were good people, but we had never allowed ourselves to get close to. These included some of our clients and people we had known at school. The result was that just 18 months after leaving the JWs for good, we invited 45 people to my wife’s 60th birthday party (the first one she had ever celebrated) and we had a fantastic time. It does take a lot of effort, but I firmly believe that everybody is able to find their niche in life if they just put in the effort. The biggest issue that most EX JWs face is that their lives have been so regulated and organised for them that they lack skills and impetus to do anything. It is almost as if a huge weight is attached to you... you just find all the reasons not to do anything at all. Once you can remove that mental block, you are able to slowly become normal, your real self for the first time, and start to live in the real world. Hope this helps motivate people to get out in their communities and get involved. The hardest step is the first one... getting out your front door.
JW history omits the negatives and slyly changes or omits anything that is embarrassing to the Borg. At least secular history has multiple commentators so that fact checking is made easier. JW history is curated by Watchtower in a vacuum.
Look up the YouTube channel for John Cedars as he does a very complete analysis of these latest conventions and how bad they are.
Just be you and be proud of who you are. There is no other person on the planet who is exactly the same as you, so get to love yourself first, and when you know who you are and are confident in your own skin, then you will be far more capable of making normal friends. Second... get involved in your community. Get out and do things, even if it is just jogging, biking or hiking. Get involved with clubs and groups that share your hobbies or interests. You will find good people, and make good friends. It takes time, but at your age it is a lot easier. Just do it!
JWs will simply reject any scientific proof that does not support their theology and timeline. That is what cult do. They live and think in a vacuum. They prefer to believe a fairytale compared to living and accepting reality.
Very good summary of the craziness that is a common denominator in JW land.
It is sad to see this genuine man slaving for a wicked Corporation like Watchtower. His imprisonment has simply reinforced his loyalty to the cult. Here we clearly see how good people can have their lives ruined by Watchtower, and yet they cling more tightly to the illusion. Truly sad.
This is a great snippet form the book. It clearly shows how to take control of your life and be living in the moment. So many JWs and EX JWs are living in fear of the future actions of the elders or the past actions of former JW “friends” - this is a timely reminder to break your mind free of these damaging thought patterns and take control of the present.
I can see a lot of JWs simply ignoring this “new direction” and carrying on as they have always done... ignoring the law and doing what they have always done. Others will simply give up and stand by a cart. There is only one outcome... less new converts, and more waking up to the con.
This is just another ploy of Watchtower to ramp up the fear. The “persecution” of JWs in Russia is because the Russian Govt has named JWs and Mormons as extremist groups. This has prompted the GB to dust off their old King of the North teaching which was dropped in the 90’s... so nothing new, just the same of rhetoric and BS - remember that in 1874 they said the end was very close, then again in the early 1900’s it was definitely 1914, then 1918, then in the 1920’s it was stated that “millions now living WILL never die” - they are all dead now! Even in my lifetime they promised me that it was a waste of time going to University in 1969 because the end would come by 1975, then later it was that we would never see the 21st century because the end would come, quote “in the 20th century” Ignore all this fear mongering. It is totally laughable now that they have repeatedly engaged in it for over 150 years.
Fair enough...
This is great logic.
It has to be something that resonates with the individual, preferably something that they have wondered about or doubted.
You will not have any success trying to tell them things. They will not understand and will not try to do so. You can only ask questions and let them sink in if they strike a chink in the armour. Why would a loving God murder 99.9% of the worlds people including babies who have not walked or talked yet? How is that justice? The big picture anomalies and the simplest concepts are what might lodge in the brain and nag at them.
Good parenting!
Love the JBL L112’s - I used to have them back in the late 70’s, early 80’s.. a true classic.
Just take things slow and steady. Do not overwhelm yourself. Do what is best for you, and that means doing things at a pace and in a manner which is best for your mental health, physical health, wellbeing and happiness. Focus on what you need and enjoy the journey!
I have seen no evidence that a God exists, and no evidence that he has any impact on mankind (except for the bad that is done by multiple religions in his name). If he exists, then I certainly would not worship him or even acknowledge his sovereignty... why approve of a genocidal self righteous maniac. Sometimes you just have to take yourself back from the micro detail level and zoom out to see the big picture. When you do that you get a fresh perspective and often see things more clearly.
Stand firm. Do what is right for you. Nobody else can live your life and nobody else should tell you what is best for you. Only you can know what is best for you and who you are truly deep down inside. Be strong, and do not let family and other JWS bully you. You are young, and you get just one shot at life, so make the very most of it and most of all... be true to yourself. Think about that sentence...
Check out the Australian Royal Commission or Google “1006 JW”.... it is a massive problem that is far bigger than most people realise.
Good for you in choosing good medical intervention rather than becoming another martyr for a doomsday cult. Your mother can make her own choices, but what happens to you and the treatments that you choose for yourself, those are entirely your choice. Never let any family member bully you into doing what they want. You get one shot at life, and it is short, so there is no point in making it shorter just to please others!
In our country they will not appoint men as an MS if they have a beard, and they strongly dissuade men from having them.
I have had far more problems in my business by hiring JWs than the non JWs that I have hired.
Hope things went well for you and this message is to say “get well soon, and all the best for the future!”
Hold your head high, be confident, and be true to yourself. When JWs are confronted with a self confident person who does not accept their authority, they run away.
This!
You are in the right place here. We are happy to help. Do you have any non JW family that you could reach out to? Follow the exit guides as others have mentioned. Try to get out and meet people. Join clubs, volunteer in your community, simply push yourself to get out and meet different people. This may have to happen after you have left the JW household, so develop a plan that works for you and set yourself targets to tick off. The JW cult forces members to put their lives on hold and encourages inaction on important developmental matters. Do not allow yourself to sit around and do nothing. If you do this then nothing will happen. Stay positive, develop a plan and then execute the plan with precision. You can do this. You are young and your whole life is ahead of you. Do it well!
I was fully PIMI when I stepped down. It was not when I had time to think at meetings rather than being fully occupied with elders duties that I actually started to analyse all the growing numbers of concerns that I had.
Awesome! Glad that you broke the cult cycle with your kid. Make sure to have fun with your wife and normal people - it is the best antidote to the cult.
That is my favourite phrase to get JWs to Google too...
JWs are experts at manufacturing news out of nothing. It may have been a lone peaceful protester with a sign, but by the time enough JWs tell the story it has morphed into a mob attack and violence!
Ditto !
The safest thing to do is just play the game until you are set up to leave. Use the time to save up your money and develop an exit strategy.
Also - try to reach out &amp; connect with any non JW family members. They are often incredibly helpful.
If God and Jesus are looking on and seeing all these terrible things going on in their name, then why don’t they take action to stop it?
I know the feeling - huge relief to get out &amp; so much to learn!
Ignore the message and block him. Rule #1 is do not engage. Rule #2 is lock down security settings and block all JWs from your feeds.
Our second video on the YouTube channel linked above answers your question - lots of questions, doctrine changes, things not making sense.
We know of several JWs who engaged in dodgy business dealings. They were not illegal, but they were certainly not as ethical as you would expect.
It never was...
Thanks for sharing. We left at age 62, and got shunned. It is never easy, but I sure wish I had woken up and got out at your age! Don’t try to ask doctrinal questions as JWs are programmed how to respond and so you just get bogged down in circular arguments. Plant seeds of doubt with questions that get them to confront the big moral issues. This might just lodge a seed of doubt in their mind. All the best for your life of freedom.
Thank you for the kind comment. So good to be able to contribute to the factual database on the JW religion and how it all works.
With guys there is not enough blood in the body to supply both heads, so think with the one that has a brain inside it! Long term is how you need to think. Any further attachment to the cult will just delay your entry into the real world. The fairytale of JW life pretty quickly becomes a nightmare, so don’t get dragged in any deeper. The pool of nice girls is far wider and deeper outside of the cult - get out and see for yourself!
We have been out for 4 years. Never had any normal person (I refuse to use the cult language of "worldly") offer me drugs, an invite to an orgy, drunken party, or anything of the sort. In fact the new friends that we have made outside the cult actually drink less than the JWs that we knew. They also do not gossip anywhere as much, and they will not shun you simply for thinking or believing something different. All our new friends are very moral and yet super cool people, with a totally refreshing view on the world and people.
Great news for you. I am so happy that you can be on the same page again. It is very important to break the cycle of cult control by saving children from the indoctrination that we all faced. There will be deep seated remnants of teachings that will surface for both of you, so be prepared and be kind, loving and gentle with each other. You will both get stronger as a result. Well done, and best wishes to you both.
New light now... falling numbers of indoctrinated members has resulted in a drop in donations, so the new light is required in order to build up the JW gene pool and ensure future donations.
There are heaps of great women activists out there - just search on YouTube. Some extremely competent and fluent ones too. Once they leave the cult they blossom!
Thanks!
Thanks you for your kind words of encouragement. I do not consider myself very wise... I sure have made an awful lot of mistakes in life - biggest one of all was allowing my mother to brainwash me into the cult.
I do not believe that either DF or DA are the right course to take. Both options involve playing by Watchtower rules which are heavily skewed in favour of the cult and will cause you increased mental anguish. You do not need more stress at this time in your life. Best option is to fade, and not respond to their texts, calls or visits. Ignore them and give them no power. If you talk with them they are only looking for ammo to use back against you, so do not give them that power.
Do not meet with them. They need two witnesses before they can do anything, and even then, whatever they do is just inside their echo chamber of a cult. Get on the outside of the cage and you will clearly see that talking to the other inmates and wardens does not help. Getting out of the cage is the simple and effective answer.
It is possible to transfer the records and not go to the new congregation, but again that plays by their rules and they will still hound you and check with contacts in the new congregation for your address and phone number. You will have far less stress if you move, change numbers and do a rapid fade.
Confusion is part of the cult methodology. They use fear and guilt a lot as the true motivators, but on the surface it seems loving. As soon as you express any alternate opinion or thought you see the dark side of the cult emerge and the bullying and coercion start. You are wise to do research and learn the facts about this group. They are well documented and their history tells it all... see www.jwfacts.com
Lets analyse your fears and see if they are real. You say that all your "friends" are JWs... yet you know that they will shun you and ignore your existence if you stop attending meetings. So these are not true friends, they are robots, controlled by the Borg. You are losing nothing, but you have an awful lot to gain. &amp;#x200B; I left the JWs at age 62. I lost a lifetime of these types of friends. I honestly do not miss a single one of them. They were all fakes. I now have friends who truly like me for who I am, and they know the real me. They take the time and effort to keep in touch and engage on more than a superficial (at the meetings) way. &amp;#x200B; You are young. Find out who you truly are inside and embrace that person. &amp;#x200B; Do not let fear confine you. You will find heaps of great people if you just get out of the cult prison and allow yourself to grow and develop as a decent human being. You can do this. Look at the thousands of people who are on this sub and have done exactly what you are now faced with. They decided to live this life to the full, to follow their passions and dreams and not allow fear, obligation and guilt to turn them into a cult drone. You can do the same!
So true - my wife told me that Paradise would be no fun with all those bossy elders telling us what not to do.
Look after yourself and especially your brother. You have the knowledge to help him improve his outcomes, so it is important that you do what is right, moral, and decent. &amp;#x200B; Your parents need to sort their own lives out, and you need not feel responsible for their choices. That is their concern. &amp;#x200B; We each get just one life... and it is short. There is no dress rehearsal. Live your life as the genuine "you", be true to yourself and your inner moral compass. Do well to your brother and what you know is right. Don't beat yourself up for the flaws of your parents, one of whom has been sucked into a cult.
It is definitely JW official policy and doctrine. When I was an elder the CO refused a recommendation that we made for an MS to be appointed as an elder, on the sole grounds that he allowed his kids to go to University and so he was not presiding over his family in a fine way. There was a letter to elders that confirmed this. AMIII has reinforced this policy several times in public talks at conventions and on JW broadcasting.
I was PRd once when I was about 19. I sat in the meeting and took my punishment. I was on restrictions for 6 months. The guilt and fear was huge and stayed with me for a long time. Now I see that I should never have “fessed up to the elders” because my private life is none of their damn business! If we play along with their fairytale world of manmade rules and self loathing, we just perpetuate the power of morons and the cult.
At the top and seeing a beautiful world up here with crystal clear vision.
Moving is the best option. Do not worry about the cards overly much - let them rot in fairytale land.
You have two choices - each valid depending on your situation. First is to just find out stuff here and drop the cult approved words &amp; phrases to make it look like you are “in” Second is to tell them you don’t believe the Bible at all and play hardball.
It was between 2010 - 2012. We put him up twice and he got pushed back twice, so after that we have up submitting him because of the elders letter which stated it very plainly. That letter has appeared here several times and is on JW leaks I believe.
Yeah you are not wrong. It took me almost an entire lifetime to wake up to the scam.
LGBT have an even higher incidence of depression etc, but that is not the point of my comment. The headline was the comment made by the doctor and that is the main point. Repressing who you really are is not good for anybody irrespective of sexual orientation.
Hell yes, the Borg has become so culty, more like the TV Evangelists that they always berated. Back in 2014, on our way home from the Regional Convention, I asked my wife if she was comfortable with the way that they overtly used emotion to sell their message, especially in the last drama and talk. She was as uncomfortable as I was. That was the last convention that we attended.
I could not agree more! As this study reported, those who suppress their authentic self are 3 times more likely to suffer emotionally and mentally as a result. I am convinced that the entire JW system of control, plus its focus on changing who you really are into their profile, plus the constantly changing teachings, double messages, etc... it all creates a great deal of mental confusion and emotional instability. It’s a minefield !
It is not normal to shun family simply because they have different beliefs. It is not OK. It is and will continue to be a massive problem for an increasing number of people. The only good side to it is that the general public might become more aware of just how damaging this cult is to families and mental health.
This is a major problem - huge issue &amp; very unloving
Great idea... you get to look good donating all that cash and you might just get a thought to lodge in someone’s mind...
Good reminder for us all to step up our efforts to expose this cult to the general public.
First rule - do not share your personal life and especially romantic / friendship questions with any JW. They are programmed to give you cult answers, and they will be extremely nosy and inappropriate. You really need to research this religion carefully. Once you know the facts, then make your decisions. Check out www.jwfacts.com. Be very careful about what you discuss with JW family. Do not get baptised! This is vital. Finally. Take a step back and look at what these JW people are trying to do... controlling who you talk with, where you go, what you think... it is really a very high control group which will just cause you untold pain and pressure. You are young, so stand up for yourself and educate yourself.
Develop a plan. Consult with counsellors at school, tell them your situation and your dreams and plans. You will get many practical suggestions from us here, but also take advantage of other subs that deal with teenagers and their particular questions. You will not be alone in wanting to get out of a high control family situation. There are Mormons and others in extreme and fundamentalist religious families who face the same issues. Plan carefully. Save your money as hard as you can (separate secret bank account is best). Follow your dreams. You can do this!
I am afraid that your husband is just trotting out the typical elder lines. He has to follow the society policy (and most elders do not know it that well anyway). Download yourself a copy of the Shepherd the Flock of God book and see what it actually says about this topic. Then use the JW rules to formulate questions for your husband. There are a huge majority of good people who are elders but are blinded so much by the rules that simple logic and common sense do not even come into play. Keep dropping the moral questions... good people can be woken up by appealing to their innate sense of morality &amp; justice.
That is total BS - the Royal Commission has publicly stated that JWs had the worst child protection policies of all the groups that they examined. They have also never offered an apology to victims and ha e not joined the National Redress Scheme. They are heartless morons.
The two elders who visited me were both on a benefit (disability in US language) one had been a painter and the other an electrical linesman previously. Neither had worked in at least 15 years, so they had plenty of time to “help the weak” (meddle in the affairs of others). One of the worst elders (now dead) had been on a benefit for at least 25 years - he was originally a panelbeater, but nobody could remember when he last worked at his trade. I do not care what profession these guys had, as it is not really relevant to me. The main thing is that no matter what their level of education ( and I must add that most, as is the case with me, never get anything much above a HighSchool education and a trade) - they give up their critical thinking ability to the cult. They, like the most educated of JWs allow the Borg to make their decisions on morality, ethics, decency and every other facet of their personality. They forget how to show true compassion, love and humanity. They learn coldness and rule driven justice.
This is a very valid point. When I was an elder I could never quite get my head around the circuitous paths required to tick the JWs boxes. It’s crazy!
Our last ashes were the 2014 conventions. Thank goodness we will never attend another one of those indoctrination fests.
Please do not give up. Seek some professional help from a counsellor or child protection services. Your parents are trapped in a high control cult and are not parenting in an appropriate way. There are options, but you will need to be brave and take positive action to protect your future. You are young, and once you get this cult influence out of your life you will be able to get a decent education and flourish as the real you. Never give up! You have your whole life ahead of you and it will be far better in the end than what you can see ahead of you now. All the best... ((hugs))
Nobody will engage because even if they want to do so, have doubts and questions, they do not “want to be seen” to be doubting. Nice thought, but the JW cult is far more adept at keeping members tightly controlled in every aspect of life and thinking than any political party.
Yet our loving God Jehovah is perfect in love and justice and is going to murder millions of babies at the big A.... /s
The Watchtower writing and art departments.
She is still indoctrinated to feel that non JW people are evil and will hurt her or let her down. The programming is very powerful and she will feel high anxiety and fear just contemplating going out the door, let alone meeting such evil “worldly” people. There are some steps you can take. Show her examples of how normal people do acts of kindness, help others, show true love, are not bad people etc. you have to slowly build her confidence in people. Next, help her to like herself. She will be feeling huge amounts of guilt simply for being with you and your family. This is real deep guilt. Every time she adds to that guilt by doing something that is forbidden by the cult, she will get depressed and feel more anxiety. Help her to feel good about the progress that she is making and help her to see how she can grow in herself to dispense with irrational fears and get over the guilt. If you can introduce her to a club or charity for something that interests her, pets shelter, homeless shelter, food kitchen, where she can see the selfless humanity of others in action, that will help a lot. It will take time, and you are doing it right by taking things slowly, but also read up on just what levels of manipulation cults use so that you can understand just how deep this runs.
That is quite honestly BS. Sounds like the FIL has been and is being influenced by the cult thinking.
It was progressively developed as a policy from around the 1940’s as far as I can tell. It was certainly a big thing when I was around 15 (in 1968) because I was dissuaded from going to University because “the end was so close and I would not have time to finish Uni before it came” - it was ramped up in the early 2000’s and they added penalties to the “head of the house” by not allowing fathers to become elders if they had kids at college etc. it has therefore been ramped up in recent times. I can tell you that many JWs just ignore this and allow their kids to go to college or Uni anyway. It is certainly counter productive to cult income.
It’s the total lack of any JWs at all, in the numerous countries that they do not even mention in the annual report, that is the elephant in the room. Make a note of how many very large populations are not even shown - Iran, Iraq, UAE, (nearly all the middle east) China, Vietnam, - then add in those countries with huge populations and virtually invisible JW u bears like Pakistan, India, Thailand, Malaysia, etc... you start to see a picture quite different from that which Watchtower portrays. It is a world where the vast majority have never even heard of JWs let alone seen one.
Yes, yes, yes. Back yourself and never accept the JW negativity that is endemic in the cult. You can do it! Work on yourself and your career first and then get out into your community and the rest will naturally follow.
True... we can certainly point out the issues. I did that with my mother and the ARC. She chose to believe what the elders told her rather than look at the government website and court records. The elders told her they were all very old cases and things are handled differently now. She accepted that BS, so now I leave her to it.
If they are rubbing and causing pain straight off the bat then I would say that they do not suit the shape of your feet / ankles and you should try several pairs of different brands till you find the right match. You should not get pain even in new boots. If they are this bad they are unlikely to be a lot better after break in.
Just say “fine...” and go about your work. If your dada wants to waste his time following you and making an ass of himself, then that is his business. You are working towards getting out of a highly controlling and abusive cult, so focus on that and let them wallow in weirdness.
I would do it as a YouTube video and email the link to the elders. That way your body language and tone of voice comes across and you can get your feelings through better. It also stands as a record of how you feel right now and the link can be sent to family who are more likely to watch it because they can do so discreetly on their device. It also means that you are not playing by their rules of sending in a letter and playing their game.
Here is my advice - get some therapy for yourself. Focus on yourself and who you really are inside. Get yourself right before you try to fix others like your mother. It’s the old airline motto of put on your own oxygen mask before you try to help your kid put one on. Seek a therapist who is familiar with cults. There are some excellent books by an Ex JW therapist named Bonnie Ziemann - check them out as they will help you unravel this mess that is the JW cult.
My childhood was less restrictive because our family study was pretty random and we did not do a lot of preparation for meetings, just a quick underline of the Watchtower was enough to pass scrutiny by my mother (my father was never a JW) - but yes, it is a heavy burden for kids. Young people need time to play, learn social interactions and build friendships with people that they like. Those things don’t happen for JW kids.
Check your rights in the region that you live in. Depending on your age it could be illegal to throw you out of the house. Also do not attend any meetings with elders... this is vital. Do not play by their rules, and do not say anything that they can use as ammo against you.
Yes, you nailed it. This is exactly what the two scenarios look like. Thanks for your comments.
PIMO = Physically in, Mentally out. POMO = Physically out, Mentally Out PIMI = Physically in, Mentally in.
Check John Cedars channel - it was from about 4 years ago.
Being “self sacrificing” is just cult code for giving over your freedom to a Controlling Organization that will use you and then toss you aside. Forget all those tactics that the cult and its members use to guilt trip you and make you feel obligated to do stuff that you don’t really want to do. You get one shot at this life. All religions use fear of a possible future event to control what you do today. They want your time, attention and money. If you give in to their demands they just increase those demands until you are worn out and have nothing left to give. Then they move onto the next victim. Take control of your life. Figure out who you really are inside. Work up a plan for what you want out of life and then go and pursue that. There is no gain to be had from following these sheep to the slaughter. Be bold and strike out on your own. You can do it!
The guilt is real (we did a series on FOG - fear, obligation and guilt on our YouTube channel). The thing is that the fear is quite irrational because we should not fear what friends think. We see now that true friends may not agree with you, or may choose to agree to disagree - but they still behave like friends who love and respect you. JW cult members are incapable of thinking like that.
Do not get caught up in the fear and guilt cycle. - that is how these cults control people. Check out our YouTube video where we deal with these issues of fear and guilt - https://youtu.be/li5cp1TAdhI Remember that the media mainly reports bad news but the vast majority of people in the world are good people doing great things every day. Very few of those great things ever get reported, but they outweighs the bad news by 10:1. Similarly, those people who would have you controlled by their cult will not be open minded enough to allow you to have differing opinions or lifestyles - they judge you against irrational cult rules that nobody can fully meet. Get some therapy so that you can ride yourself of these fears and educate yourself about the techniques they are using to control your mind.
The peer pressure is huge and the constant begging for money in meeting parts, magazines and JW Broadcasting is quite obvious. Each year they would hand out slips of paper for you to anonymously write what you could afford to pledge each week or month, then they would remind you that “what you vow to Jehovah you must pay - keep your promise to Jah, do not forget, make an auto payment, leave them your valuable things including property in your will. No they never pressure anybody to donate /s
Thanks for subscribing.
Hey Busta, that is really sad on several levels. Firstly she does not see the real person in front of her, she just sees the impossibly dull JW clone that you are supposed to be and mourns the loss of the illusion. Second she is not encouraging you to be the best that you can be, she just wants the mediocre JW drone. I feel for you man!
Poor you... having to put up with looking at my ugly mug!
I was brought up on Monty Python humour and have a book with the scripts for every skit that they did on the show. It was extremely popular with teenagers almost 50 years ago. Still great!
Good for you. Being able to laugh at the sheer lunacy is a good step towards recovery from the effects of being brought up in a high control cult.
Thanks. I have tried a few different approaches and asking questions is the best, then also asking them how they feel about certain things... like how do you feel about your donations being used to pay for lawsuits because the policies were deficient? Surely Gods true Org would have the best policies not the worst?
Or both stupid and desperate.
My grandson had woken up by about age 16 and left JWs the day he turned 18. The internet and doing research is what is waking up the younger ones and they are getting out as soon as they can.
You state the reality of cult rules very accurately. It is not normal behaviour or even sub par behaviour- it is unacceptably bad by all societal norms.
Remove the daily / weekly programming sessions and it is amazing how clearly the insanity of the cult stands out.
Yeah, they use double speak because they admit that the universe is old, but they ignore evidence of civilisations and human activity that is at least 10,000 years old and stick to their timeline of man being created 6 thousand years ago. They ignore any evidence that does not agree with their very flawed man made timeline and belittle anybody who has solid scientific proof. Typical Watchtower obfuscation.
You are quite right. One householder asked me why I was so self righteous. That simple question bugged me for months. It was just one of the many doubts that led to me waking up and getting out of the JW cult just a few years later. Hard hitting questions can have an effect on JWs.
A team of two then!
Even worse is that Watchtower used to say that victims were guilty of committing fornication and so could be disfellowshipped. Thus isolating and re-victimising the poor woman. They flip flopped back and forth at least 9 times over as many decades on this. Such is Gods superior wisdom and lack of decisiveness, compassion and justice.
So now you see the real drivers behind these behaviours - power and control. Nothing to do with scholarly rational discussion... just that they are the middle managers trying to control the increasingly educated masses for their greedy bosses.
Not too bad actually - around NZ $3500 which is USD $2250.
I see that the owner is trying to ensure that others do not park too close... hate those door dents!
