Cohen's documents don't explicitly name Donald J. Trump throughout the docs. However, Individual-1 has been a *very* naughty person. Not sure whom Individual-1 is, but they likely committed a lot of crimes, and there is a lot of proof that they should be charged with multiple crimes.
Gob knife is so inexpensive (and fun) at lower trophy levels. If I could press one button to deploy *all* of the gobs at once, I'd be so happy!
The new "big loon" siege machine could change the meta, a lot. While it won't likely push deep into a base, you could start an AQ walk and then send it in, or you start with the start with the machine to clear out an area, and then send in troops. If anything, it could reduce/remove the need to AQ walk a corner of the base before sending in Laloon.
Thank you for the reply. &gt; 2 platters won't see much, at all, increase with ZFS. Just use LVM and be done with it. The 60g SSD will not be fast enough to be a SLOG or a decent L2Arch, so yeah. The two platter drives are really just for parity (I value the data), while the 250GB SSD is there to help keep the cache happy. Throughput isn't much of an issue, I just want to make sure the data has a level of backup. &gt; I'd personally recommend you setting up a bond with those 2 nics, attaching it to the OVS setup,a nd having management + vm network go through the same nic pair. What would I gain in this? With multiple NIC setups I've used in the past, I've kept one for management and another for actual use. This isn't enterprise stuff at the home and the dual NICs are already a bit overkill, so bonding simplfy things a bit. &gt; Look at containers vs KVM if at all possible for you *nix machines. The overhead is HUGELY different, and it works great. I'm personally running plex in a container and it's solid. Did consider containers as well, so I'd imagine something along the lines of: * Proxmox OS creates necessary SMB shares (ZFS backed). * LXC containers auto mounts the appropriate advertised shares. * Run nzb/Plex within containers. Am I missing anything? &gt; Also, Ubiquiti's tools run great on Linux, and is actually the preferred way of doing it. Good call -- haven't looked into their management tool set on linux, but it doesn't surprise me that it's there within adding their repo, accepting the key, and apt-get until my hearts content.
&gt; The biggest concern while i was looking at your spec sheet is i7. if you don't want to go with Xeon, that's fine. The machine is a freebie, the intention isn't to spend much on it. &gt; What do you use QuickSync for? you might want to get a cheap GPU and put it in there QuickSync is Intel's hardware acceleration for transcoding -- very fast and well worth using. If I had the money for Quadro P2000, I'd put it in, but I've already got QuickSync, and don't have more than three streams at once.
&gt; As for the rest, I'm not exactly following how/why you need SMB shares. Personally, I keep anything off of the host OS, and then make VMs/containers to share data out accordingly. The host OS to me is meant to be clean and not host any services besides the hypervisor. Yeah, that was more of where my quandary sits: what OS will end up proving the SMB shares? I *don't* want Proxmox serving up any shares, but I do need to pick some OS to do that lifting. My initial thoughts were to have one larger Ubuntu VM that hosted nzb, plex, and provided SMB shares.
With the current tariff situation, farmers want more they can grow: hemp and MJ to the rescue! We could see MJ and hemp legalized not due to criminal reform, a change of heart of the "war on drugs" -- we're more likely to see these legalized for taxes!
The primary reason why the S&amp;P were up earlier: everyone was buying up US stocks before the big tariffs kick in. While the short term purchasing was *nice*, the more long term prospects look far worse -- the S&amp;P reflects it. We only recently got some trade/tariff changes in, expect Q1 2019 to potentially make some gains back in S&amp;P.
Can we start getting tournaments where we hand the pros non-custom stiff? Just give everyone a basic Callaway/Wilson starter set (appropriate handed), and see how everyone fares.
If I'm traveling with my clubs, I have virtually zero intentions of walking a course -- take the electronic cart.
The pros would adapt, but things certainly wouldn't be ideal. Given the "off the shelf beginner" bag is filled with R shafts, we'd be seeing ballooning ball flight all day. Imagine the US Open, at it's current lengths (7.6K+), with this setup!!!
Dark green line (K) *and* green extension is what will be interesting! There have been a lot of East/West tracks, but few North/South.
&gt; why would people be buying stocks knowing the stocks were going to get hit by the tariffs soon? "Stocks" of goods (produce, etc) have been heavily purchased in the last few quarters, knowing the heavier tariffs are going to hit in 2019. The purchase of these goods have driven up profits for a number of companies in Q2-Q3 2018, but now everyone is dumping because of what's coming. Once the tariffs were announced, everyone bought up what was cheap. Now that we know a series of tariffs will be in place, everyone is holding or selling.
Have you (or your classmates, or your professor) breached the subject of the being able to prosecute a sitting POTUS? This is a murky legal area that hasn't (yet) gone to the POTUS, I'm sure law students have (at least) had this discussion.
My choices were a few Rams vs. Bears or a few Seawks vs. Vikings. At this point, I want a crushing defeat on the 'Hawks! At least my my current choice not *as* bad!!! In a 10 team league, playoffs start next week. Please have Melvin back, PLEASE!!!
&gt; Stocks of goods are different than the stock market. Technically correct, the best kind of correct. Never disagreed with the confusion of stocks vs. stocks. When one reads "stocks", it can be construed in multiple ways. &gt; Apple just dropped 30%, no one was buying Apple stock to "buy before tariffs kicked in" Apple's issues are Apple's issues, let's not conflate one companies issues with an industry trend. Wall St's confidence on Apple has gone down for multiple reasons: merging multiple lines together when reporting income, latest phones aren't selling very well, etc. I *work* in the raw materials market: every company (international and domestic) has been buying all the raw (and mildly refined) materials since the spring of 2018, knowing tariffs are kicking in 2019. Much of the great stock gains seen in Q2/Q3 were a result of everyone buying up they can, knowing what the price was, before the unknown of 2019. Now that 2019 is upon us, everyone is dumping the stock market. Savvy investors will shore up some positions (price is low, buy now), but not everyone wants to be in specific industries, with the unknown trade implications.
&gt; Hakeem saying once that his body control and footwork were due to his soccer background This is the sort of thing that has generally been lost on much of today's youth: NOT specializing in one sport for significant portions of their life. While most professional sports have grown their players to specialize at an early age (junior high), there is plenty to be gained if athletes don't start specializing until at least college.
Rams look exposed, when Goff is pressured. We're late in the season and Goff hasn't done well when pressure gets to him. NFC has more than enough difficult defenses that will make the Rams' road very difficult. McVay needs to adjust his play calling when this happens, he didn't do it enough against da Bears. I went to the Chargers game and saw most of it. Chargers D is better than average, but Bengals didn't put up a terrible amount of fuss. Chargers v. Chiefs will be the best AFC game to watch in week 17, no matter *if* they face off against each other in the AFC playoffs.
Do yourself a favor, go to the local used golf store, garage sales, and a myriad of other places for older clubs: buy yourself an older 1/2/3i. You're getting roughly the same loft, but have less forgiveness (mostly). Now that you have a relatively inexpensive club in the 16-22 degrees of loft: go hit it. Seriously, go hit it. The number of poor strikes will be *high*, as these are difficult to hit well. I'm a 20 HDCP, hit my 4i very well, but still find these clubs a bit *too* much to handle for my game. The lure is very strong in owning one, but I still believe the forgiveness of a hybrid is well worth having over a driving iron (ymmv).
Wouldn't it be less expensive to hire PMC to handle all of our defense needs? /s Military spending needs to be tied to a specific % of GDP, not virtually blank checks.
There is an incredibly small amount of culpable deniability we have here when Trump says "no collusion". HE is likely referring to himself talking to someone in Russia, directly during the 100% "official" campaign. It's more likely he's insulated himself far enough away from direct contacts, that the domino's will simply fall around him, and he'll remain unscathed. I'd be shocked there are emails, messages, audio, or video, with any of the Russian help, directly between Trump and anyone in Russia.
How soon before NRA declares bankruptcy, closes their books, and sells all their assets?
Trump National is public and it's never busy.
The beauty of this setup: it reminds us all how varied the tools are in BF4. Combining a laser targeting with laser missile = one of the most powerful deterrents of air in the game (as a tanker vs. air). Additionally, you can basically be an armor sniper with it (adding in Sabot). Or you be in a tank and go infantry killer: non AA rounds, HMG, armor perks. Love BF4, really can't wait until DICE goes back to something more "modern". The longer they hold off, the longer I hold buying a new rig for it. Literally the last PC I bought was for BF3 (upgrading to a 1060 for BF4) -- I'm simply going to wait on buying a new machine until there is another game series worthy of it.
Where are the HP GX guys? Those are *also* built like tanks!!!
Plenty of LA golfers on Reddit, there isn't any "hidden gem" in the area that few know about.
Definitely pouring one out for you and that HP!
This infuriates me like none other.
When is Hatch up for re-election? There have to be enough moderate GOP supports that don't like him being the POTUS' shield.
As a LA golfer that is close to Los Verdes (commonly 6 hours on weekends, if you tee it up after 7AM), the following trends seem to add up to 6 hours: * Elevation. Los Verdes isn't the worst I've played (Lake Chabot takes the cake), but it's more than enough elevation to cause more errant shots. * Distance. Most players shouldn't play LV at &gt;6.2K, period. Whites should play at ~6k, max. * Layout. LVs layout leads to multiple bottlenecks (on the front only), which is an example of poor design. The holes that are bad should get redesigned (specifically 3, 5). * Overbooking. Tee times every 6 minutes? It's profoundly dumb. Ready golf ideas certainly help keep times down, but it's not enough to keep a good POP.
The front of the Z-11 is amazing. Tail end? SWEET JESUS it's so fragile! How many times have I barely tapped something just a bit off to have the Z-11 blow up? Meanwhile, in the Little Bird: you can practically slam it into the ground, upside down, and it keeps on moving. It's truly the worst yin/yang fight in the game between the two Scout birds.
Fivesomes *are* a problem agreed. BUT, I've played at so many muni's between OC and LA, that I've finished a walking round in under five hours with five people. Lots of reasons why LV is terribly slow, fivesomes (imho) aren't the primary reason.
Let's see the Senate get enough votes to override.
&gt; They're soft but not as soft as non-boron Mizunos. Are all the recent ones boron? How far back do you have to go in order to get non-boron Mizuno's?
That is a ... loose lip reading.
I've had multiple sub 6 hour rounds on Racho, on weekends -- you simply have to tee up before 7 (before 630 if you can). It's annoying, but it's possible. One of my fastest fivesomes was at rancho, with all of us walking! 4.5 hours with a 6:30 start? Made me itch to play 36, but then I saw the backup on the first tee.
As a pilot that had nearly 800 hours between both Scout birds, you're right: the tail imbalance issues were ever present between both BF3 and BF4. Little Bird has always been more "little" and durable, while the Z11 never could quite fit into small spaces. BF4 made *me* feel that both birds were a little less durable (overall), but the Little Bird was still FAR superior. There were even a few servers that made battles US vs. US *just* to balance out the little birds.
[Dude!](https://media.giphy.com/media/1pofg0cTz5mak/giphy.gif) [Seriously!](https://media.giphy.com/media/cTw8V1RMKo3Bu/giphy.gif) [Cheers!](https://media.giphy.com/media/oDkBrr6biw5lm/giphy.gif)
How soon before Morton's start buying ad space?
Same problem with Los Verdes: if you want a sub 7AM tee time, you literally have to be in the office the week before, stand in line, and that gives you the best chance. While there is *one* guy answering the calls, there is also a dozen people on hold, and a dozen people lined up to pay for their current tee time.
Thank you!
GOP is tone deaf in OC. Nationally, much of the GOP has run on building a wall: 100% will not fly in OC. Previously elected GOP voted FOR a tax bill that would raise the taxes on many of their constituents: absolutely a factor in hurting their local election chances. Tariffs? Long Beach is a *massive* port, supporting a lot of local economy! Supporting the tariffs (in their current implementation) *will* hurt local jobs. OC is HUGE, with plenty of people, but the national GOP platforms aren't going to mingle with the locals.
If the NBA allowed teams to sell naming rights (mostly): Seattle Subaru's
Even within a mech, I never felt "big". This game just felt too small. As much as I liked the gameplay, the small engagements made little sense (to me). This game would be very different if it supposed 20v20 (or larger). Definitely a well polished game (from day 1, no less), but I couldn't get into it because of its lack of size.
Cooked all my beans, on Monday.
Trump will fight any suitors in 2020, make no mistake about it. As much as there are better candidates on the GOP ticket, he's not going to let anyone steal his spotlight.
[The Valk nerf was pretty damned fast!](https://i.imgur.com/dMWcDn3.gif)
Here's hoping Jackson *also* gets touches!
Schumer and Pelosi had everything they wanted: Trump, on camera, admitting the shutdown was completely on him.
Are you seeing the current "batch" of copies seems to be too large that the cache drive size isn't enough?
Bravo to this write up! Especially love the character proportions broken down...
Thank you!
This sounds like my (recent) setup: 250GB SSD to cache, 4TB for data. Now that it's mostly running, I'd rather have Docker (specifically) on it's on SSD (which I have). What's the easiest way to get this done? Just add the disk as another cache drive, move docker to use that drive, and update mapped shares?
Follow the money.
Almost everyone involved with Trump's campaign is under investigation. The only known people that haven't directly been named seem to be: Ivaka, Don Jr, and Pence. "No collusion" doesn't hold up, when this many people have been convicted of crimes.
Similar situation, and I'll likely go CL. A custom stick, a few hitboxes, ready for new homes!
[Evil Ryu in multiple ways](https://twitter.com/fuz_buz/status/1074481442401517568)
Why are the Dems being blamed when both houses were GOP majority in the last two years? If the GOP aren't rallying for the border wall, that tells you something.
Lakers are right where they need to be: anywhere between the 3-6 seed. The boys are fighting, and fighting hard. Let's see what they look like by the All Star break.
Joining you in Valhalla!!!
10 team, standard, Yahoo. POS | Me | Opponent ---|---|---- QB | R. Wilson | P. Mahomes WR1 | B. Cooks | M. Evans WR2 | T. Lockett | D. Hopkins RB1 | D. Johnson | N. Chubb RB2 | D. Cook | P. Lindsay FLEX | R. Woods | A. Brown TE | Z. Ertz | E. Ebron K | J. Tucker | H. Butker DEF | Seattle | Minnesota BEN | J. Goff | C. Newton BEN | A. Peterson | L. Fournette BEN | T. Cohen | T. Coleman BEN | M. Gordon | J. White BEN | J. Jackson | J. Gordon BEN | C. Samuel | N/A Dropping Seattle D, trying to get Browns. Other than that, I'm open to suggestions.
Does Alfonso "own" that dance? Prior art has a similar dance (Bruce Springsteen's music video, along with Courtney Cox) several years before him. Additionally, he was playing a character in a TV show!
Xian goes Alex. You heard it here, folks!
Could we get the "good" version of Akuma?
The marketing for this *has* got to shoulder some of the blame. You cannot lead (what I saw, heavily) with "From the directory/vision that brought you LOTR." While LOTR is great, it *also* had a massive audience from the novels! LOTR isn't even the *newest* films from that universe, why wasn't even The Hobbit mentioned? Even if a film isn't terribly good, the market *has* to be up to date and make you want to see it (for whatever reason). Clips, trailers, and every ad I saw about Mortal Engine was complete tone def.
Rams look exposed over the last few weeks. The air of superiority is over, definitely. Goff made some of the worst throws, and it wasn't against the same pressure he saw against the Bears. Make no mistake, Philly needed a win (to keep their homes alive), but they didn't look amazing while doing it. Arizona isn't going to help the Rams/Goff. Here's hoping he ha a bounce back game, but I don't see it. As a Goff/Wilson owner, I'm starting Wilson.
Gritty win, tough win. No Melvin? No problem! Chargers D is nothing to scoff at. Rivers is playing some of his best right now, and backed up with talent everywhere. Would love to see the AFC championship go through Chargers, and wouldn't be surprised if it's Chiefs/Chargers, again.
I'm 6'2", have +1/2" longer, 2 degrees upright, use an S flex shaft, and was fit with a Mizuno fitter -- you'll be fine with that set.
10 team, standard, Yahoo. POS | Me | Opponent ---|---|---- QB | R. Wilson | P. Mahomes WR1 | D. Baldwin | M. Evans WR2 | A. Jeffrey | D. Hopkins RB1 | D. Johnson | N. Chubb RB2 | D. Cook | P. Lindsay FLEX | R. Woods | A. Brown TE | Z. Ertz | E. Ebron K | J. Tucker | H. Butker DEF | Cleveland | Minnesota BEN | B. Cooks | C. Newton BEN | J. Goff | L. Fournette BEN | A. Peterson | T. Coleman BEN | M. Gordon | J. White BEN | J. Jackson | J. Gordon BEN | M. Williams | N/A Definitely want to start Gordon (if possible), Wilson seems a better start over Goff, not sure all of my WR/RB choices.
&gt; I'd play Cooks over Jeffrey but that one is tough. Eagles *need* to win out, and they got Foles back -- there *is* motivation. All of the Rams' WR crew is tough, because Goff dishes to everyone. AZ is a tougher D, but they don't anything to play for ... absolute toss up! &gt; I bet your team was unbeatable earlier in the year when the Rams offense was feasting. Feast or famine. I didn't intend to have so many players from one team, it just ended up working out that way.
Favors have to be called in, and cashed out, before the new Congress moves in.
Beyond Trump (likely) winning, isn't it also a signal that the GOP doesn't want *any* in fighting for the nominee? Even if Trump doesn't want to re-run, then it's also a signal that SC will just yield to the rest of the GOP consensus.
Los Angeles here, seeing ~$279/month leases. Bolts are getting fairly common to see, daily.
If you're working in SM, do everything you can (financially) to live as close as you can to your office. Commuting into SM is challenging, avoid it at all costs.
How many Senators do we need in order to pass a new amendment? Dammit, we're a LONG ways off. How many Governors are needed in order to call a convention? Dammit, we're a LONG ways off. EC is dated and needs to be removed: the concept of states electing the POTUS should be removed -- it only preserves the power of states, and not it's citizens. States rights/powers are preserved by the Senate, it should NOT be used to elect the POTUS. Because the EC "protects states", it's not going to go away. Period. We need to focus on getting more representatives in the House (we're at ~750K:1 reps, far above any other country), which would automatically raise the EC numbers required for victory. Additionally, every state can adopt EC voting modifiers that allow proportional voting of ECs (which would better represent people).
The number of championship games with Mahomes has *got* to be &gt;50%. Winners with Mahomes: easily &gt;30%, possibly higher.
You're likely right: he can oversee the moving train, but he cannot really derail it. If he were to move in a way to derail, he's likely going to be removed from his position by others.
Just played Goldmund over the weekend and got on team chat to demand lasers. We went from getting overrun by the AH/SH, to keeping them pretty far off, and primarily TVing. Few lasers, few tanks, and a few heat seekers are enough to keep birds away. As a bird pilot, once heat seekers and lasers are on my ass, it's going to be a rough day.
Using the stock market to determine the health of the country is foolish. We should be looking at average wages, and their growth. S&amp;P500 is primarily a realm for those that want to be in it, average wage is for everyone else.
Titleist, in general, doesn't release frequently (compared to Callaway and TaylorMade). Because of that, they don't do deep discounts for an extended period of time.
Even at a local (and flat) muni, no way he's 2.3. Easily low teens, even at 6.6k yards. He has tons of distance, but his short game is nothing special.
Put the money on the nightstand.
Obama is the founder of ISIS? We know that isn't true. Trump is the re-founder of ISIS? This (now) holds a bit more weight.
Watching The Eagles, at the Staples Center.
Grays Sports Almanac: 2008-2018
It's upsetting this bird is rarely used like it's supposed to.
Transport bird has to much potential! * Heavily armored: can quickly down/remove a scout bird, can take a few stingers. Can annoy AHs, but only if AHs are dumb. * Cannons: burst fire shreds infantry. Most don't fire the cannons correctly, but they are absolutely viable in areas where infantry love to try to hide. * Spawn location: recons should absolutely spawn here, eject, and plant a beacon for more teammates. The biggest hurdle is getting 3-4 consistent teammates in the transport bird. Functionally? Very powerful.
&gt; What are you currently running? Dell Vostro 260 (mini tower). It's an i3 2120, 16GB of ram, a few drives, running Windows 2016. Primarily a nzbget/Plex machine, occasionally a VM host. &gt; What are you planning to deploy in the near future? If I change the OS, it will be to Proxmox. Tried unRAID, and it wasn't for me. &gt; Any new hardware you want to show. Likely getting some Xeon+Supermicro system soon, and it's probably going to be the Proxmox test bed.
Course has crazy elevation changes! Forgot the hole on the back (16 or 17), but it's completely unfair: if you aren't on the left side of the fairway, you'll be at the bottom of the hill (80+ yards roll down, easily). Regulars pretty much would aim at the tree line and take *anything* there vs. fairway of the hole itself. 18 is ... odd. Opening tee is NBD, but the next two shots are nearly impossible: 3W will take you to bottom of massive hill, 3W to be *way* short of the green, and you have a mid iron in. Zero chance anyone is reaching in two, and a very difficult reach in three (can't be on bottom of hill on second shot, so you'd be hitting flat).
GOP controlled everything and *still* didn't build a wall. Blame the Democrats makes no sense, when the chances to fund/build it existed for two years.
Add in a few more... Stigma of illegality is primarily over: consuming MJ is less desirable because it's no longer illegal. Teenagers' free time can be spent in a multitude of ways: school, sports, social, etc. There will be a subset of teens that are drawn to *anything* during HS, but their amount of "free" time allows them to pick and choose what suits them (and their social circles) best -- MJ is rarely the more enjoyable way to spend their time. The "fear" of teens consuming more MJ was all smoke before legalization. What would be more interesting to see are the groups that have an uptick in (admitted) consumption.
Need Wilson to keep up with Mahomes, and Lindsay to not score ~30 points. Less concerned about Lindsay, way concerned about Wilson and Mahomes.
Drafted Wilson before Goff. Dropped Wilson, kept Goff, streamed a few different QBs for match-ups (anyone against Bills), and got Wilson again a few weeks back. Barring Linday going off for about 35 points, Wilson got the W in the championship game!!! My hope was Mahomes putting up a turd (NOPE) or Wilson evening Mahomes' score out -- Wilson just eeked out higher than Mahomes.
&gt; Why not encourage women to have more babies? Not so simple, as it's layered. More women are in the work force than ever. Because more women are working, they are either putting off having children until later (having smaller families to go with it), or not having them at all. Japan has *long* held sexism against women in the work force, so the recent laws of harassment have given women a little more freedom to work. It wasn't uncommon that a woman would work, find a spouse (commonly from the office), have children, and not come back to work -- this is less likely the case. Japan's working culture is incredibly difficult. While 40 hours may seem ok (to most of us in the US), it's not "real" -- after hours social components is practically a requirement. It's super common to leave at 7AM in the morning, and come home very late/early AM. Repeating this cycle for nearly the entire year is difficult to find a social life outside of work, and would wreck a lot of relationships. Changes in laws (to address sexism) has made a large culture shift in Japan, they are still learning their way of it (other countries saw shifts in workforce changes from 70s/80s). Cultural changes related to office hours would go a *much* longer ways to help promote relationships, and the government is slowly trying their hand here.
Ten team league, up nearly 35 with just Lindsay to play for my opponent. Denver and Oakland have nothing to play for, so I got my fingers crossed!
Keep posting, this looks fun! Would love for a full sized game built around these ideas, especially MP.
MAJOR PROPS TO BEERSHEETS, DRAFTSLAYER, this sub, and everyone that played the Bills! After years of being in the championship game (in different leagues), I finally take home the win. While my initial drafting of Wilson (which I dropped in week 4 and picked back up in week 12), and AP seemed like poor decisions, they both ended up saving my season toward the end of the year.
Asked for Ben Hogan Ft. Worth 15s, got PXGs instead. /s Seriously, one set of Volvik super softs. Not really my style of ball, but I'll hold onto a sleeve for the times when I want to go for it.
As high as possible with RBs, early. I think my first 3 rounds were all RB. WRs next. Pick WRs on offenses that like to throw often, on QBs that sling it. Get on the TE train asap. Two QBs last. Get one that is throw heavy (for sure), another that is consistent. I went Wilson/Goff, started Goff most of the year, and finished with Wilson.
4i, 8i, SW. Basically 200, 150, 100 yard clubs.
Some other silly ideas I've had: coffee, cocktail infusion.
Does anyone else believe this was the intent? No offense, but I'm of the believer that the intent of the tariffs were meant to close/bankrupt a lot of small(er) farms, allowing larger companies to buy them up. Tariffs were a ruse, the real goal was to weaken farms just enough to take buyouts from large corporations.
Pre and post sear is the only way to get it done with a chunk of meat this large. Did you put the roast in cold with the pre-sear? I tend to put in the roast cold (to protect the insides as much possible), with no seasoning, then add seasoning before bagging. Speaking of seasoning, you *have* to try out a few coffee based rubs!
Hydrogen is absolutely viable against BEVs, *right now*. BEVs work very well for those that have consistent access to charging stations: home owners, those that can charge at work, etc. BEVs simply need more time to charge, *right now*. When BEVs solve range/longevity/density issues, then more people can adopt them. Fuel cell cars fit more people, more often: just as large range as current vehicles, short refuel times. The current downside is the lack of refueling stations -- a chicken and egg problem. The reality is simple: our transportation needs will require a mixture of different technologies/methods. BEV/FC/gasoline all will play different roles in our future.
He's had one, and recently bought another. Given the traffic in the West Side, I blame no one for not wanting to commute to two different ends of Brentwood.
Bought season one pass and had something like 400k DE. With maxed everything, I was giving away nearly 10k everyone hit me for nearly a week.
Deadlifts shouldn't make your back look nice, it should make your back side look nice!
Tarkin and Young Leia were *incredibly* sloppy, period. Even for the extremely brief appears they had within that film, the work looked cheap and sloppy. FF7s work for Paul and BF2049s work for Rachel are examples of putting the time and effort making it "authentic".
Would love some form of "Street Fighter: Generation" title. Select the art style of your choice: SF2, SFA, SF3, SF4, SF5, etc. Select the fighting style of your choice: SF2, SFA, SF3, SF4, SF5, etc. Select the version of your character: SF2, SFA, SF3, SF4, SF5, etc. Would be odd to see SF2 Guile against SF5 Guile, using SF3 sprites.
Rancho Park! Crazy busy place, but given it's the only real public practice and course in the area, no surprise. Given the two difference shots, I imagine your initial problem were hitting slices (lack of hip depth and very vertical hands). Second shot looks like a shortened back swing, and a face that isn't closed -- a more controlled fade.
Local 9 hole course has a par4 that is drive-able. If you reach the front (I did, once), then you have a putt that easily 100+ feet, all uphill. While driving the green is impressive, it's far easier to attack the flag if you've got a wedge in, or are chipping from the front.
You're missing out. Drinking and driving is not only legal, it's encouraged! /s Seriously: I *rarely* drink when I golf. If I do drink, it'll be one beer at the turn, and that's maybe 1-2x rounds/year.
Chicken and egg problem: if the guest OS could detect the fact that it was running in a VM, then the host VM isn't that good.
&gt; Play long Par 4's as Par 5's THIS! To hammer even further on this point, consider what you want your approach yardage to be. For 430 yards, I'd *love* to have 100 yards in (easy SW). Given this, that means I want two shots that gets me to ~330 yards. What two clubs give you the highest chances of reaching that yardage? Is that driver + wedge? Or 3W + wedge? Could you do it with a long iron / mid iron combo? Even two 7is would get me to ~320 yards out, giving me a wedge as close to the pin as possible.
&gt; Or theyre just retarded like this guy in the picture. Don't insult retards like that.
As a previous owner of the Power G5 tower and first Mac Pro: love that case! Even if the machine is completely useless for my daily use, hot damn is that case amazing looking!
Courses should just remove tee variation on weekends and set all the colors to ~5.8k-6K yardage mark. So frequently I'll be playing a nice-ish ($80-ish) course, and they are playing the blacks (6.8-7.2k), when they can barely carry 220 yards -- they are going to be slow and frustrated all day long.
UK should have the Fox News from the East Coast feed and just constantly overlay text "FAKE NEWS. FAILING NETWORK." every few seconds.
Reminds me of SSF2 with the Gief glitch: you go from reeling animation to grabbing them full screen.
If you went with a fitting, you'd be getting irons that launch and land in desired windows, are more forgiving, and may give more distance. Landing angles are very meaningful, you want that stopping power more than you want *just* distance.
I'm thinking Qualcomm too, but not for the non-compete reasons. With the last federal judge slamming Qualcommn's practices, I fully expect additional players to try and step into the market. AMD and Nvidia may try to make mobile plays, for sure.
At this rate, Kerr is going to need to suit up.
Bolt leases are *insanely* overpriced in Los Angeles... Hit up a local dealership for a ~26k lease: 12k year, $0 down, $387/month. You'll pay nearly 14k across 3 years for the car! That's a ton of depreciation! I've had luxury vehicles for far less than that, with the same 12k/year, and $0 down -- GM is asking for a ransom. For most leases, I've had ~33% calculated with depreciation, so that would put the car at well below $300/month. Either the demand is high (they are plentiful in LA), or people aren't well informed (both?).
It's not what you make, it's what you keep.
&gt; I doubt legal funding was the issue. When you get to the size of Qualcomm and Apple, then legal battles *are* a deterrent from a small company entering a market. Given the war chest size of cash that Qualcomm and Apple can drag out any legal battle (easily 8 figures, annually), a small company simply cannot withstand any battle and would choose to fold vs. fight. Apple fought Qualcomm because they had the ability (and funding) to do so against their unfair practices. If a smaller player tried to come into the market, they could not withstand the legal pressure and would GTFO before too long.
I'd sign the 63 ...
If the city doesn't build housing AND help treat users, then what do we expect to happen?
Does that cigar establishment allow for purchasing of cigars? From what I recall, you bring your own, can store it there (renting a locker), consume there, etc.
Jokes on him, the season isn't 34 games!
Fox's X-Men needs to end exactly where it is, and let Disney place Fantastic Four into the MCU. FF has plenty of ties to Spiderman, has a wealthy billionaire that likes being a super hero, and has plenty of great enemies to choose from. Once a major enemy finally goes down (Galactus), then bring X-Men back into the fold.
For CPU compatibility on the motherboard (S1200_RP), i3s do find their way onto the support list, but it's all the 2/4 core/thread variety. Xeons (from the era) are mostly the 4/8 core/thread variety, which I really want for all the VMs. Seems the premium for Xeons are going to stay that way, given eBay is really the only platform to sell.
With only 97 walls left to max TH12, I knew SC had all sorts of goodies for me!
What about a Crossfit vegan from New York? What do they brag about first? /s Being in LA, virtually every New Yorker has mentioned they are from New York, within a minute of talking to them.
Always believed that the future of EV vehicles will end up between 3-4 motors. Good to know Tesla isn't too far off with the high end of the market with these ideas.
9 point swing, this far out, is nothing to be concerned out.
My dad may not realize this, but HE got me into computers. While we an an Intellivision (late 70s, early 80s), it was him gaming with me that started my love for video games. Countless hours were spent on those little cartridges, while I still was impressed with his Burger Time play. When we moved back stateside, I got introduced to an Apple ][+ (uncles), and I kept on gaming ever since. About a decade later, an MS-DOS (5.0) system appeared in our household and he was the zen master of it all. From writing batch files, opening WordPerfect, Windows, etc -- he knew it all. In order to be good with a computer, he was my benchmark that I had to surpass. The love of all this lead me down a path of learning hardware, servers, networking, multiple operating systems, etc. Throw in a few viewings of Tron (in theaters, tyvm), The Last Starfighter, and a few other sci-fi films -- I've been a tech/computer/gaming nerd for as long as I can remember. When my first few jobs were computer related, my dad wasn't all that shocked. When I past up college for a career in computers, he was a little upset. Once he saw the demand for the skills and the pay, he was no longer as upset with my choice of not going to college. I've learned a lot about the world through my father's lens, and a lot of my career can be traced back to the time my father spent with my on that Intellivision.
Pitch: wrists will hinge. Chip: wrists won't hinge. This *generally* works for me, as I'll chip anything ~30 yards and in, whereas anything longer will be a pitch (or a skulled chip).
Driving to a specific location (regularly), to walk their dog.
Bumping for someone that can play that weekend. Sadly, I can't, as I'm golfing like crazy the week after: both Industry's and both Torrey Pines. Haven't played Rustic in years, definitely want to go back.
*Be* everybody and *beat* everybody.
&gt; minimal HS education had great jobs Complete high school and (at least) have vocational training, should be enough to enjoy some average lifestyle -- this is a recipe for middle class. This no longer works because we aren't manufacturing like we once did, and manufacturing jobs *are* the backbone of the us. Without middle class jobs, the US is now stuck between high end jobs, and entry level -- we've heavily polarized where our income is coming from. &gt; subjected wife waited at home as a second class human. Last thing in the world we need, for sure! If the US economy is ever going to grow again, we need every capable person in the work force!
Create a problem and state only you can solve it. Solve the problem you created, and bask in your brilliance?! Profit???
I've been saying this forever: it's time to put the FF world into the MCU. We've had a lot of X-Men, so let it rest, and go explore FF via the Disney team. Spiderman has had plenty of interaction with FF, it's not a huge stretch to have them together. With FF, we get Dr. Doom, Silver Surfer, and Galactus -- enough villans to last multiple films.
The Social Network may not stay as high as it is, over time. Multiple others will rise, imho (Black Swan, definitely).
As someone that recent got a forged iron: fewer flyer balls (from good lies), and the miss is generally short. My previous cast annoyed me with the occasional shot that simply went too damned far (again, off a clean lie). Now, I'll play for a miss that's generally short.
Anyone remember Bushido Blade? Imagine a fighting game like Bushido Blade, BUT set in the Star Wars' universe.
&gt; How different are they out of the rough than a game improvement iron? No real difference -- the lie will affect your shot far more than the difference between GI or PI style of head.
If PI style heads made that much difference (easier) in going through rough, the market for GI would be much smaller.
He explicitly said his lofts haven't changed since he was in high school. As much as Tiger is sticking to his guns, I wonder *if* there would be much for him to gain if he went through a full fitting with TM.
Ping G series, cannot go wrong with anything in that time span.
Laws are only as good as their enforcement.
Does this mean a bag *and* clubs can't fit sideways in the trunk? It's not uncommon to take out woods to fit into a trunk, which isn't all that bad.
Long club is driver, which is 46" long. If that fits in the back, that would be pretty good.
Thank you. Looks like the Bolt is no bueno for this use case.
Stinger is definitely not OP on Shanghai. So many buildings to run and hide!
Make it a co-op game where Zelda has to follow you the entire time, like Ico. /s
Y: X-like size/shape, 3-like as much else as possible. Tesla doesn't have a choice but to share as many parts and tech as possible, makes total sense.
Egg on top of rice, with soy sauce. Can easily eat this meal 2-3x/day, just need to change up the vegetable with it. If I'm really on a budget, the vegetable will always be kimchi.
Fifth shot? Damn shame. How was the fourth shot? I bet it was pretty good!
Bought the three pack, on the first glove. Fits fine (L), feels great, have multiple rounds with that first glove. No issues at all.
It's been my belief that the future of golf will involve more height. While there will be the Rory and JT of the world, I believe we're going to see more taller players (6'4"+) in the game. Imagine a 6'6" athlete playing golf that easily has 135-140MPH+ club head speed, *and* has a short game to back it up.
Augusta is built around "shelves" where the experienced player knows what yardage to hit in order to play well. If we're getting multiple guys that can regularly carry 330 (Cameron Champ is ~315), then some courses could indeed look more pedestrian.
Choose your own adventure. Pretty weird reading them cover to cover.
No hair when babies are born? Adorable little bald heads! Full head of hair when the baby is born? 9-12 months later and a glorious mame appears! Also adorable!
What helped me: during my backswing, the left leg rotates inwards toward my center line (looks like Jack). Because the leg went inward during backswing, it *has* to go outwards during downswing. It seems less intuitive than it sounds, but it helped me rotate my hips, and give enough time for the shaft to shallow.
IGLA rockets *should* go high into the air. With maps like Rogue, chopper pilots have A LOT of available cover. Solo pilots can run solo with stealth camo, and stay in the air a LONG time because they can't engage too close. When I'm a solo pilot, I'm basically taking a run, a few TV pot shots, then GTFO.
This is dedication! Played with two random guys this Sunday -- they just got off the plane (from Seoul), dropped off their bags at their AirBnB, and went right to the closest course they could find. 11+ hours on a plane, 1+ hour out of LAX, through traffic, drop their base stuff out, and went right to the first course they could find. Golfers are a dedicated bunch.
Here's hoping they'll have it accidentally set in meters and are always way off with their approach.
Why are you upset at 1k drivers? There is a market for them, let those that want to buy them have at it. People waste money on all sorts of things, let someone else spend theirs on a driver that makes them feel better. For "real" golfers: we know equipment has been mostly maxed out, a fitting last a long time, lessons truly help, and eBay is a godsend to saving a few dollars.
It's so difficult to balance air and ground. Once you even try to make reasonable adjustments to them, then you end up breaking maps. Lansing was never a great map, but it comes up often because it's in the stock rotation. With the last major air+ground balance, the MAA just breaks the map entirely. Removing the MAA, on that map, would definitely be better.
Curry could be in real trouble next year. My guess is Klay and Durant stay at GSW, but play no minutes. This leaves Curry as the primary scorer, and he'll be run ragged trying to win.
Did Yue play a minute of the post season? I know he had a few during the regular season, but I don't remember (been a while, sadly) him playing any post.
Definitely a good idea. Scout/transport birds can still do plenty of damage, but the real threat will be the battle between the attack boats and tanks.
Inmates should be growing and consuming on site, could remove a chunk of the violence.
Coasts are easier to win, once the primary is over. Winning the midwest and swing states are the only way a Dem is going to take the POTUS. If Warren convince enough of the swing voters, she'll take it all.
[It's a trap!](https://media.giphy.com/media/8McNH1aXZnVyE/giphy.gif)
Liberal here: the government is indeed spending too much money, in too many areas, without reasonable forms of control. Easy examples: why aren't members of Congress paid the average wage of their constituents? Why aren't Government employee's (including elected officials) using the same insurance everyone else is? Or why can't non-employee's use the same health insurance that the government has? I can also list *multiple* examples of wasteful spending with the military, but I digress.
Saw this once at a company outing. Co-worker brought his sons, we were all throwing a football around at the park, and the local high school volleyball team jogged right past us. His dad and I just look at each other and said "yeah, he's probably straight". No offense to the gay guys here... but if a pre-pubscent boy's drops his jaw *that* far, loses command of the English language, and turns his head so fast that a doctor might consider it whiplash, then he's likely looking up boobs on his phone right quick.
&gt; Ideally, I'd like to try out Proxmox or Unraid (^^) and build a few VMs on it. Some on those VMs will run in the background, "headless" : let's say 3 Linux VMs for kubernetes. unRAID will run containers directly, and has a management system. If you really want to run a kubernetes setup, you'll want to run a few VMs to really take advantage of kubernetes. &gt; Then I'd like to have 1 Linux VM with a dedicated low end graphic card, this will be my main / daily computer. unRAID will do this fine. &gt; Now, I would also like to have 1 Windows computer with a "high end" graphic card dedicated to some games that won't run under Linux (even with Lutris / dxvk). unRAID will do this fine. &gt; At some point, I might even add a Plex VM / container with a dedicated Quadro card. Plex works great as a container, you really don't need to run it as a VM. &gt; I remember a few years ago, I used to run a Linux OS as main (with Intel integrated graphics) and a Windows VM with passtrhoughed Nvidia card. I had to cable for graphics : one for Linux VM and on for the Windows card. Then I also had one USB "controller" (not sure if it is the right term), passtrhoughed to the Windows host. Finally, I had a physical KVM and with the single push of a button, I could switch from one VM to another, without having to connect cable and/or change screen source. unRAID runs headless, you merely need this running on your network. For a usable setup, pass through a USB controller/video of your choice, and that would become your daily used devices. If you had multiple screens, you could drive two different operating systems (and screens) at the same time. Those old school KVMs were nice to use, but I haven't used them in ages -- lots of good ways to remote control another machine. With what you've described, you sound really more interested in VMs more than what unRAID offers. unRAID is storage focused first, with addons including container and VM support.
KDs game is going to change: will likely lose a step on defense, and definitely not as explosive on offense. If anything, KD goes from top5 to top15. Explosion will not be the same, KD may become primarily a post up player.
Transport birds are *the* answer to the SH! They have the armor to take the hits, and the guns have enough firepower to shred. Shame most aren't playing transports birds correctly.
Solving wedge gapping was one of the biggest improvements in my scoring. My carry for LW/SW/GW fall all in line: 85/100/115. Half shots are a trusty: 50/65/80. Given what you listed, I'd get a 52.
It's best that after the protein is done, you let it cool down before putting on some form of direct high heat -- or you risk over cooking it.
&gt; I have 8 CPUs passed to a windows 10 VM - 4 CPU and their 4 HT pairs. Just a note: sometimes too many resources dedicated to a VM can hurt performance more than it helps. ESXi has a large guide related to tuning how many CPUs to allocate (sometimes just one CPU is enough) to a given workload, and how to test for it. When dealing with VMs, more cpus is not always "better". &gt; What are other folks doing to tweak CPU performance? Make sure you set Windows' power manage to Maximum, otherwise Windows will like to tune down its CPU performance quickly. Other than the power tweak and having the "right" amount of VMs allocated, there isn't much to do from a tuning perspective.
Scout Heli will wreck transport birds in seconds, up close, yes. When I'm in an SH (1400+ hours between BF3/4), I never consider a transport bird as a threat -- unless they are working as a team. When the bird is filled out with gunners and repairs, those cannons can constantly plink away at the SH from decent range. At that same range, my mini gun is less effective, and the transport bird has a lot more armor (someone repairing will easily fix). Since I rarely run AA missiles, I'm stuck with trying to close the gap and sneaking up to perform a quick kill. Out of all the times I've flied, there are less than five times I've come across a transport crew that knew what they were doing (multiple repair people, multiple cannons, pilot knew how to hover). The fact that you need 4-5 people in *that* bird to make it effective is what keeps it from being used in correct ways.
Right? About the only course I'm familiar with that would be budget (sub $100?) would be Rustic Canyon. The rest of that list is *very* pricey.
Signing Leonard should be a *goal*, but we need plan B. I'd much rather dedicate the rest of the cap space to a series of role players than sink it all into Leonard. We need shooters and a better bench. Making a single playoff run can work when everyone is healthy, but a sustained run requires more people.
Mitch is going to get big tobacco the ability to grow hemp and cannabis, for all fifty states.
Where: Recreation Park and El Dorado (long beach) Working: driver and 3W. No laying up got me close to multiple par5s with the 3W, while the driver had me hitting bombs. Not working: irons ruined me at El Dorado. I'd have 100 into many of the par4s, but hot damn was I garbage with the approach. **Best shot:** from fairway bunker to ~105 left, landed pin high, on the correct side. **Worst shot:** Big Rec has a downhill par3, I hosel rocket'd my LW so far that it almost hit the guys on the tee box at the next hole. **Shot I wish I could have back:** so many approach shots from El Dorado, sweet jesus. Despite a few mistakes at Big Rec, shot my best ever. El Dorado quickly humbled me back to my normal mid 90s.
&gt; Pelicans won the trade easily The haul for AD was huge, Pelican's have A LOT of upside. Name another WC team that can run as fast as them. &gt; Lonzo Ball is Jason Kidd 2.0 with winning mentality with championship defense. Ball is regularly hurt, terrible at the free throw line, and piss poor from the 3.
AQ went immediately to 63, then decided going to 64 was the real goal! Once she's back, I'll be sending her to 65. GW is down for his nap, but I won't be using runes/hammer on him until after AQ is done. Truthfully, I probably should have prioritized the GW, as his updates are a bit more meaningful. Rage immediately got boosted to max!
If Shaq legit learned how to golf, he would be a monster with driver.
Send Harden to Pelicans for Zion?
Found Pelinka's account...
Reducing the emission rules doesn't change the fact that coal is more expensive, than other forms of energy. Coal plants were being shut down before the previous administration's rules were put into place, and it's clear no additional investment was being made during the current administration. Removing the emissions changes is lip service, little more.
Being a Celtics fan, I don't like you. Laying down some truth about how all this plays out, I respect you. Good luck in FA, we'll see you (again) in the Finals.
Vader became the bad guy because being the good guy was always a path to failure: losing his mother, losing his wife, not becoming a Jedi, etc. When everything Emperor told you becomes true, and everything everyone else told you is wrong, changing direction seemed obvious.
There is a FB group. Join it, message the owner, they'll get you in.
Went from 6.7.0 to 6.7.1, no issues. My config is pretty stock, ymmv.
Want Leonard, but would prefer we get more B-level role players, and a better bench. Lebron is going to come to the point where his minutes are limited, and I'd much prefer we have 4-5 players that are capable of putting up between 8-12/night when Lebron is on the bench.
MS both didn't learn from their mistakes *and* learned from their mistakes at the exact same time with Windows Mobile. WP6/7/8: all different OSes from each other, completely. Everything learned from the previous, wouldn't be binary compatible with the next version. Application developers got tired of trying to support such a tiny platform, the constant rewrites weren't worth it. If MS were smart, they should have paid application developers to ported the apps. If there was one thing that I liked from WP: it was more like iOS than Android.
With all the time Leonard spent in Canada, he'll be coming back to LA to join the Kings.
Alex! For the *few* wins I get, it's super rewarding to get all those reads.
If you don't mind losing, just play. The tiering of SFV works out pretty well with skill level, so you'll be up against a lot of similar people -- just have fun. If you don't take well to losing, then definitely spend a bit of time with SP and get pretty familiar with one character before heading online.
A par5 that's 470-500 yards, with a ton of roll? That's the best chance I can envision with a HIO on a par5.
Remind me again why New York is the "mecca" of basketball. Outside of Rutgers Park, Knicks have been garbage for most of my lifetime.
Have you built a closed loop network? I have, more than once. Is it possible to hack an individual network? Yes. Could you design a system to make it incredible difficult to hack? Yes. Paper ballots aren't completely invulnerable: most of them aren't being counted by hand, you could alter the machines that do the counting. When was the last time *those* counting systems were audited, both from the hardware and software standpoint? Just keep in mind something: the auditing of a Las Vegas slot machine is FAR more extensive than any e-voting system we have today. If we applied the same level of scrutiny to an electronic voting system, as we do to Las Vegas slot machines, then we'd be looking at incredibly hardened systems that would take a lot of dedication to hack. Combine a consistently funded department, limited access to the hardware (and its networking), then hacks are going to be very difficult to find their way in.
Am I the only one that can takes their shirt off via: one handed, grab behind the neck, pull up.
If you ever have to do transcoding (hint: you will, often), then the 2010 Mac Mini will be far better. If you *never* have to transcode, the Pi will work fine. When Pi's come with some onboard GPU that is supported by Plex, I'll be saying goodbye to my x86 servers.
Hollywood hasn't run out of ideas, they are simply *highly* risk adverse when it comes to their bottom line. New IP based films? Tons of risk. Doesn't matter who wrote or directed the film, just a huge swath of risk involved when you're trying to bring on a new "franchise" that could last for a few sequels. Studios are inherently scared of going down this route. Existing IP? Safe. VERY safe. You don't have to build a new audience, the (mostly) established one will be enough for ROI. There are plenty of independent films that are released on an annual basis, they simply aren't going to get theater play time because theaters aren't going to make money running them. So between the 1-2 punch of major studios not funding new IP, *and* theaters not wanting to play films that won't make them money, the masses won't be exposed.
That cat must have had baths since they were a little kitten, quite often. Beyond the absolute adorable look, that calmness *had* to be coming from frequency of bath time, since they were tiny.
If players that were in the primary league were making the same amount of money in the G league, *maybe* this would work. An NBA all star, that is on a team that got regulated to the G league, is NOT going to take a pay cut.
&gt; typically you want your average putt to come to a stop about a foot past the hole. Right -- no one is going to disagree with having the miss that's only a foot. My complaint with OPs statement boils down to it being far too broad. Lots of weekend rounds have shown me players that are scared of hitting downhill putts that don't travel far enough, and their next putt is a large overcorrection. &gt; you really need to think of putting strategy in the aggregate. This is *my* point: I'm going to putt to the "best miss" I can. If it's a downhill putt, I don't mind being a little long (uphill 6' putt is much easier than a downhill 3'). If it's an uphill putt, I don't want to be *too* long. These are *my* tendencies for putting, and chipping, for sure.
Put all the migrants into the closest Trump property.
Until we have an amendment to protect the right to vote *and* have that vote count (could it be considered free speech?), Gerrymandering is here to stay. Battleground states that have been Gerrymandered are going to be very difficult for specific party to win, making it virtually impossible to make changes. The only thing we can hope for are enough lawsuits (by every state affected) that will force independent commissions to redraw districts.
You definitely aren't wrong with moving a few hundred thousand people into specific areas. Moving enough Dem voters, establish residency, and your chances of swinging a state go up by a huge degree.
[Suit me up, I'm an FA, and will take rookie min.](https://media.giphy.com/media/EfHmlClbuNAGc/giphy.gif)
It would be funny if the Lakers held open try outs and simply gave a bunch of tiny contracts out to locals.
Seriously, how soon before Lakers hold open tryouts? How many people are under contract? Wow.
Or playing a hole with a dog leg with inaccurate measurements to the water. Nothing pisses me off more than seeing "XXX to water" and hitting a club you'll be safe with, only to be wet.
Why would Lebron be hated? He got his teammates PAID. Look at a lot of the contracts with the players that surrounded him in Miami and Cleveland -- multiple people were overpaid.
Politically, cutting spending is all about removing spending from areas that don't align with your views. If you're GOP: you cut social services, leaving the military unscathed. If you're Dem: you cut from the military, boosting social services. Dems never like to say they are cutting from the military -- it's political suicide. I'd have no qualms cutting back our military’s spending to continue (or boost) social services. The rising tide raises all ships.
6.7.1 -&gt; 6.7.2 upgraded with no issues here. Very stock config.
Running blues for the last few years (with and without unRAID), no problems.
On the note of swapping hardware: what happens when you change boards with different NICs? My current board is an older Xeon with dual NICs, and I'd like to put a (similar aged) i7 with a motherboard that has a single NIC -- what will happen to the Dockers and VMs? I could add an additional dual port NIC in the new system (for a total of 3 NICs), just in case things go sideways...
Given the sheer volume of whats happening, I'd work to batch the two separate operations: rip as many as possible to HD, then use handbrake (etc) to do the encoding. Ripping eats enough CPU, but encoding is the real CPU killer -- I'd prefer to dedicate as much cpu as I can to that one task vs. split it into a bunch of mini tasks.
Rip away, good sir!
Starting to run low on the 4 piece K-Sigs. Not sure if I should just continue playing them gone, or just hold onto a single sleeve.
unRAID is primarily a file server, with VM and Docker support. If you want to go down the path of having far more Docker support, consider [Portainer.](https://www.portainer.io/) Keep in mind, going down this route will lead you into a different hypervisor OS, different disk, and networking management. unRAID masks a lot of the low level details for these items, so it's one reason why it works well for a lot of people.
Clippers have a huge financial backer in Ballmer, but *zero* history in winning it all. If Leonard (and/or KD) head to Clippers, they are trying to cement their names in history as the ones that brought glory to the franchise. But ... look at the (relatively) minor upside. Lakers own the region, period. Staples Center was *built* for the Lakers and Kings, while the Clippers are paying rent. Winning a ring with the Clippers would be huge, but without a sustained run ... their wins would be a minor footnote. Winning in the purple and gold has your name mentioned with a series of HOF players.
A good driving range session before a round = all the good shots have been used up!
$1200+ for a new set + shaft upgrades, etc. There are some brands that don't upcharge for different shafts, might be worth asking about if cost is a bit of a concern. Don't forget your wedges! You'll have new lofts/shafts/weights compared to your previous set, matching wedges rounds things out.
He did far more for the game than he didn’t. Definitely having a drink in his honor.
This map needs little birds in CQ Large. AH rule the skies, but those little birds would help keep them on their toes.
c.LP spam to boom is muscle memory for Guile players.
As a non-bearded man, what foods do you specifically look to avoid?
The auto bail out was a loan with interest: all paid back. Farmers' money wasn't a loan, and the only payback method is voting GOP at the ballot box.
No crumb cake?! Noooo! No sauce ribs? Noooo!
It's ... nuanced, subtle ... politics.
She certainly won't, but she's still at the whims of jail, and the courts (definitely a few years). Had she taken the plea deal (like everyone else involved did), she would have paid the penalty, and be *mostly* ok (Hallmark channel won't be calling for a few years).
&gt; What exactly are you plugging your keyboard/mouse in to? I'm completely lost as to what the virtual to physical interface is. You will plug your keyboard/mouse into the USB controllers that have been "passed through" to your guest OS. Generally speaking, you'll pass through the linux USB controller to the guest. If you want to get fancier, you buy a PCI card, and pass that through to the guest OS -- more ports, a cleaner way (dedicated PCI card+bust, vs. shared USB controller) for it to work, etc. &gt; Normally in an Enterprise environment, that is using RDP/RDC from a desktop to a server. Enterprise has had it easy, welcome to the real show! &gt; Or do I have to physically connect my monitor to my unraid server? If that is the case, how do I run two monitors? When building the VM, you're passing through: * PCIe controller for your GPU. * PCI controller for your USB devices. * PCI controller for whatever else you want the guest to have. Your monitor(s) will connect to the GPU you passed through, while your USB devices will connect to the USB controller you passed through.
Anyone with knowledge of wall street stocks see any huge pattern of energy or defense stocks purchased yesterday?
You could have omitted 'virgin', and 'moms basement' from your title, as the picture tells us all we need to know.
If its reliable, play it! Having the confidence of a one way miss is very important.
Whatever driver model you have, eBay for an X-flex shaft that has the same adapter.
Smashed a drive down the middle (&gt;300) with the starter watching. Turns to me and says: that all you got? Cut a few dog legs to go &gt;350, so that opener wasn't everything!
The rest day between Superspeed sticks are for recovery from the exercises. A real round of golf isn't like the training, I think you'd be fine. If you did Superspeed on the same days you did golf, then the next day's workout (weights, specifically), could be a problem.
&gt; It’s time to end this failed obsession with testing and return to giving every American child a full, diverse and high quality education. That requires consistent levels of funding, *and* doesn't fit the narrative. Education should be tied to some form of GDP (per state).
No issues for me here going from 6.7.2 to 6.8, and my configuration is pretty simple (2x platter drives, 1x SSD cache, docker, one VM).
If these Radeon cores could do transcoding for Plex, I'd love a SFF of this platform!
Resigning would give him the biggest boost he's ever seen.
ABC / Commission Pants are pretty good, once you find the exact fit you like. Not a fan of their polos (tend to stain easily), but their tee's (and work out tee's) have been good to me. Haven't gotten much into training gear.
Garoppolo doesn't need a backup. /s
Most of the time, I'll be doing 30 mins of yoga before hitting the road, and playing. Once at the course, Orange Whip does the rest of the job, if I can't hit a bucket before a round. If I can hit a small bucket (30 balls is enough), the OW is still the initial warm up.
Need to find a way to get AD to use Lebron's strength/conditioning coach.
This movie screams: bring it home to an OLED setup, and crank up the sound.
Second one is ready to go, but it needs assistance to break through the skin.
&gt; I get to day 2 and I’m so fatigued and tired that I feel mentally drained and can’t really pull together a good round. This is both an endurance issue, and a nutrition issue. How often are you consuming calories during your rounds? When I'm walking (weekend player, no competition), I opt to consume some calories every third hole (snack, drinks, etc). For fatigue issues, you really have to opt the amount of cardio you're doing. HIIT is a good way to really get your endurance up, and getting some long timer based items will help as well (long jog).
"We had to do it." "Just go with it, or we'll all look bad."
Isn't it more wasteful to start a prescription drug manufacturing company vs. fixing costs?
Fair point, thank you. Couldn't CA contract another country (MX, CAN) to purchase low cost drugs?
The serenity of Torrey is difficult to beat. While not completely off the beaten path, you really can't gear the road+cars, so it's a really tranquil round.
The question I have is (putting my conspiracy hat on): did Iran themselves fire their own missile, or did another actor (Russia) do it? Or did Russia orchestrate the response? Russia has their hands in the weapons of Iran, and in the current White House. If I were Putin, seeing these two countries at war doesn't help me, at all. So when the WH assassinates a well known military fire, Putin comes up with a form of retaliation (warning the US of specific impending strike on a mostly unoccupied base, on a target that doesn't have strategic value) that appeases the Iranian public, and keeps the WH calm.
How soon before his jail records no longer appear, he doesn't exist within the IRS, and his SSN never happened?
The "final" excuse will be along the lines of: we can't possibly vote on impeachment during an election year.
&gt; What can I do to improve my attacking outside of improving my map knowledge? No offense, but map knowledge is easily 90% of being good at an FPS title. Once you have a map memorized from virtually all angles, you can then plan around using weapons/tools/tactics for all the available angles. I'd argue Siege is even more important in map memorization with the TTK so low.
With the countries you've listed, a few things to keep in mind... Public education is considered the primary backbone of the listed countries. Private schools do exist, but they are in the minority. Education is consistently *well* funded. Contrast this to the US where each state has very different levels of funding, how Federal funds are used, etc. You will rarely hear about a teacher from one of the listed countries using their own money to buy school supplies. Education is funded, trained, tested, and consistent on a *national* level. Contrast this to the US where each state has their own standards on education, testing cycles, etc. The SAT/ACT were born from the fact that each state was so wildly different.
&gt; 1) I am building a Ryzen 3900x and Asus x570ws Pro motherboard. Will I need to buy a simple GPU to power the max resolution of the vms to fill my monitor? (3440 x 1440). CPU and motherboard are fine. unRAID doesn't need a GUI, but most motherboards won't boot without a GPU installed. If you aren't going to pass through a GPU to any VM, you don't need an expensive one here. &gt; 2) What should I use to open the remote desktop connections. Something like RDP, that chrome plugin, or guacamole? I would like it to feel native, whether on my local network or elsewhere in the state. RDP. Accept nothing less on your own local network, as Windows' remote GUI management is built around it. If you want to connect to your VMs from outside your local network, I'd recommend VPNing into your home network, and not exposing any of your VMs directly to the internet. &gt; 3) Will audio come through the remote desktop if I get notifications and such? RDP can pass this through, providing your VMs have a sound device attached (common with most setups).
Give us a location and time to stop by, we'll do it for you. On the serious: wash your hands (or wear gloves), wash the area, puncture the spot with a needle, drain, clean the area again with astringent. This looks like a simple pimple that needs a basic drain/clean.
There isn't a chance we invade Iran: the territory is very inaccessible, we don't have enough allies close enough to allow our military, and none of our allies are even remotely close to being on board with this action.
[Show runners have stated Tony died.](https://www.indiewire.com/2019/01/the-sopranos-ending-david-chase-killed-tony-dead-1202034899/)
As a member of /r/tall, I'd love to date taller!
From this angle, almost looks like Kevin Smith.
Can we also get Clinton and Obama to testify as well? Might as well bring all the boogeymen on stage.
Installed, updated, no problems. Pretty simple config with a few Dockers, one VM (no GPU pass through).
If it moves, tax it. If it still moves, tax it more. If it stops moving, subsidize it.
After reading about Pete Dye's passing, went looking for the closest courses near me and La Quinta is mighty close! Dos Lagos will probably be played before La Quinta (closer), but this is definitely now on my list.
&gt; I'll see if the board boots without a GPU, I don't need it to passthrough I may have misread that the resolution of the VM might be limited without a gpu, since ideally I would like to use virtual desktops to tab over to a full screen instance of the VM ya know? Most consumer boards (as you listed) won't boot without a GPU. You could literally use an inexpensive PCI card to boot, no biggie. There won't be limitations of resolutions to the VM, once Windows gets its drivers installed -- you can RDP at full screen, no problems. &gt; I will give it a try with RDP, as far as I understand there is a little config on the linux VMs to get it working but I can read up on that when I get to it. The real key is how the VM is built with relation to networking: have a dedicated IP for each of your VM. Once that's done, you enable RDP (disabled by default), and use your client of choice.
If we really wanted him gone *and* wanted a level of culpable deniability, why didn't we send the CIA to do it?
Halal on the streets. Haram in the sheets.
Clearly fun sized!
We *need* to work on average and median wages.
At 5'3", he'll likely fit a men's set that has been shortened. [Start with the Ping fitting chart.](https://ping.com/en-us/fitting/custom-fitting/iron-color-code-chart) Iron lengths aren't standardized (much like flex), but this is a good starting point. From here, I'd take the recommendation and buy something off eBay (R flex probably will be ok for now), from virtually any brand. EDIT: in terms of growth spurt (it's coming), you'd probably be better off getting a "stepping" (1/4" inch) longer than the recommendation. i.e. if it's recommended he gets -1/2", look for -1/4" (more difficult on eBay, but possible). Otherwise accept you're buying another set in 2-3 years (sorry dad, it happens).
The cops were (initially) vastly under staffed for the situation. Literally the ruling occurred, a flash mob situation happened, and hive mindset kicked in. There was no social media back then, people saw what was happening on the news, and just decided to copy it.
Let's see some OEMs build some low power server variants of these for mITX systems. I *really* want to replace my unRAID server with one of these.
SSDs, 8GB of ram, and a modern OS upgrade? Your clients should be signing your praises, while your bosses should be damn happy with the on-time/budget! Big congrats to you! You and your team deserve a day off! Just make sure it's not the entirety of the team, at the same time.
Such a great course! Before playing the first time, I read through the descriptions of the holes, and made sure to use a long iron on #1. Buddies laughed at me, and both went with an OB slice with their driver. My approach was with an 9i, made GIR, and my putt just lipped out for bird. It was at that moment, I was in love with the course! Second time playing, hit a bomb of a drive on #2. We played whites, and the par5 was only about 470. Buddy hit a good drive, he hit his approach, and we just kept looking for mine. By the time we found it, I was over the second cart path and had ~150 to the flag. Took an 8i, found center, and attempted a long putt for eagle. Coming up short of that still left me with a bird, it further cemented my love for the course! 18 is definitely my favorite risk/reward on the property, chipped in for bird to beat my buddy!
Every red/blue/purple state needs a national official start of voter registration, period. We need to see ads all over the web, TV, radio, newspapers, etc. Reminding us to vote should be virtually non-stop, until the day after the election.
&gt; if im a citizen or legal resident, why should i be intimidated? You should not feel intimidated, no. &gt; should u be proud to say you are one? Be proud! The (not so subtle) issue with adding the question to the census: if there are non legal citizens in your household, your desire to return the census paperwork (at all) may be compromised. Fear would prevent a specific group of legal individuals from returning this paperwork, thus reducing their counts, and representation.
Start the voter registration push now, Wisconsin.
At some point in time, there will be a linux distro that is more geared toward gaming (vfio, wine, proton, etc). On that note, I don't anticipate a bunch of gamers moving to linux, just too many hoops to go through.
Wouldn't Pompeo be an equal amount of smoking gun?
Two drivers that I still see people gaming: R7, Burner. Solid upgrade to the Cobra. I went from a Burner to a 2012 Cobra (Amp Cell Pro), and it was a big game changer. Did you get fitted?
Before trading in my last set of wedges, I went with one of these for my Cleveland wedges. For the most part, I couldn't really tell the difference on spin for full/pitch/chip shots.
NBA should remove the East v. West for the finals, much like MLB/NFL does it. There is a (remote) chance two teams of the same city could make it to the finals, so be it.
Talked to a local Chevy dealer (Los Angeles) and they had $0 down for ~$330 (with taxes) for 3 years at 30k miles.
Most players are playing from the wrong tee boxes. Far too often do I see someone playing from the tips, that can barely carry 200-210. Their frustration at playing 6.6-7k is unwarranted, as they only placed this pain on themself.
Everyone is going to be shallowing! Draws all day!
&gt; It seems you don't have to be long to be good at golf. Length is more meaningful at the top level, given all other aspects of their game are similar (elite: irons, short game, putting). For weekend hacks, the bomber might look good at the driving range, but may not be able to put together a decent scoring round.
Some NASA mathematician does work for the PGA, Trackman, etc: length is truly an advantage, and should not be ignored. Two areas that seemed to be the best predictors of the game: driving distance, lack of 3+ putting. If you can bomb the ball and putt half way decent, you can score.
If the trip isn't specifically for golf, I'll take a rental set, and enjoy the round. If the trip is all about golf (4-5 days of golf), then my clubs are coming with me (plane ticket, shipsticks, etc).
If you can do that on command, more than 50% of the time (and aren't hurt), you don't need our help.
Let's be honest here: Pepsi already knew the formula. You don't hire millions of dollars of scientists to not only build new drinks, I'm sure they long figured out how to replicate Coca-cola -- there is simply no point selling it.
Only if the beanie and socks stay.
Fox's spin (along with Hyde): he's a drunk! Can't listen to or trust a drunk. Of all the racist/stereotypical ways to attempt a discredit, going with "he's a drunk" was mighty lazy.
A female 007 is fine, but why fill the shoes of Bonds' 007? Plenty of opportunity to have a female spy in the same universe, and carve out her own name/number.
[Get on this movement.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flB1FufyteA) There are a lot of hip flexor movement exercises on youtube, there aren't a lot of reasons why the desk jockeys shouldn't incorporate them into daily routines.
Aren't most of the comparable vehicles primarily on lease? Given the prices are similar (M3 to competition), it shouldn't come as too much of a surprise for people to choose something different.
*Most* of us sit on our butts for hours on end, so hips/glutes don't move enough on a daily basis -- causing them to be weak and/or tight.
Education works. Drugs definitely help, but educating the affected groups on how they are affected, and how to prevent a larger spread, is the real difference.
Wear pattern on blacked out clubs is so much nicer.
THIS! Los Verdes (my local) is well known for cramming, and the data is simple: groups walk off every 10 minutes, but tee times are every 6.
&gt; I can't even fathom walking any of those courses You can't walk lots of courses because of the distances between holes. The cart drive up to 6, alone, should deter anyone from wanting to walk that course.
Sleep &gt; study &gt; fun. You're going to do poorly at *all* the parties if you don't rest, and will do especially poorly in academics, if you don't get enough sleep. Not everyone will sleep 8 hours/day (continually), so plan your naps accordingly. Just because you can sleep 2-3 hours/night, doesn't mean you always should.
&gt; Is anti-cheat the Achilles' heel of linux gaming adoption? No. It's the fact that linux needs/uses different methods of emulation/translation in order to run Windows games. The means of getting the games running are fine, but the anti-cheat systems are looking for any/all methods that would break in-game actions. Native linux clients would be better, but a number of anti-cheat systems would need to be replaced/updated, for the new linux clients.
Mad shout outs to you and all this work. I've watched every vid, cheers!
... been using mechanical keyboards for macOS for a *long* time now: plug in, and go. The 'macOS' certification really means submission to Apple (for testing), along with having printed keycaps for macOS. Functionally, any USB keyboard will work, providing they have ALT/CTRL/OS key.
&gt; This means that I'd still have to use some software, like https://pqrs.org/osx/karabiner/, to achieve the same layout as the MacBook Pro offers or? macOS won't allow a *every* OS function to get remapped (like a Macbook Pro), but it will be pretty close. Third party tools allow for a few more keys to get rebound. &gt; The macOS specific shortcuts won't work out of the box though, am I right? (sound, brightness, window switching, ...) It depends on the shortcut. Brightness, and sound won't work OOTB, but window switching definitely works on a stock keyboard (without third party tools). I've been on non-macOS certified keyboards for years, and haven't bothered with the reconfiguring of keys to match the MBPs layout. Additionally, if you want to go down the path of input remapping, there are a myriad of tools available. Here is [Better Touch Tool.](https://folivora.ai/) From your original post: buy whatever keyboard you want, it will all physically work, try out what you can do first with the OS remapping, *then* consider a third party input customizer.
Hitbox/ABCs aren't for everyone. Don't be deterred by the learning curve, just keep pushing through it -- I've gone as far as I can, there are limitations I simply can't pass (720s are a nope).
What sort of equity we talking here?
Closest I got was pin high, to a front pin, and needing a chip to get on.
Japan either starts making a crazy amount of babies very quickly, or accept foreigners to immigrate. Robots being used for jobs where no one is left, not just for fun.
I miss having a character with dive kick pressure!
The only real intent is to funnel Federal education dollars into religious affiliated schooling, that has private oversight.
How do I remove the settings of a Docker image? I've lost the password for my Unifi controller, so I installed it locally, reset the password, and could login. Now I want to restore my backup, and login with the set username+pass, but the docker Unifi controller won't let me login.
Hrm, I deleted both the unifi/ and unifi-controller/ folder in appdata/, so it gave me the "initial wizard" again, but a restore of my working backup still didn't work for my user/pass.
You should watch midgets instead: uses less bandwidth.
If the game and the ABC doesn't have SOCD cleaning, then it's definitely OP for Guile. SFV has SOCD cleaning, right? I know most PCBs for PC/PS4 have SOCD enabled by default, but there are certainly older ones (which I have) that don't have SOCD.
Damn do I want an M3, but the current (US) wait time of 8-10 weeks is pushing me away :( Keep building, learning, I'll have one eventually.
Bazaar scene in Valerian, Rest of film is mostly forgettable, but the ideas behind the bazaar were top notch.
Change the patterns (and hair) up, the outfits would still work today.
Thank you, I'll give it a go tonight.
DNS is reliable, and speedy. Bandwidth, and latency fluctuate a lot.
Playing for a month? Looking good to me! Go out and have some fun, all that is important.
Until I found this subreddit, I didn't know it existed!
Key witnesses won't come, we all know it. The time limit is in place for a reason, and witnesses will run out the clock.
Code was tried, but it doesn't appear to work in CA (spoke with CSR).
Would have replied sooner, but emerge was still running.
I’m going to start a server and ban anyone using mouse1.
Look at how much his hips clear, still.
&gt; Is GPU passthrough possible with a Ryzen 3400g and discrete RTX 2060? I've never done gpu passthrough, so i'm not sure if the 3400g has the right capabilities. This is entirely possible with the CPU, but it's more of a motherboard limitation. All of AMDs chips/chipsets support this, but not all motherboards work well with VFIO. &gt; Would 4 cores (8 threads) be enough for SwayWM and a Windows 10 VM? You probably want at least two dedicated threads to the OS, and giving the rest to Windows (six) should be fine for most games. Every game is different, ymmv. &gt; Also, would freesync/adaptive sync work with this? Works fine on Windows: once you're passing through correctly, Windows can't really tell the difference.
So pretty. Oh so pretty.
How soon before we hear something like "you can't indict the POTUS' family during an election year" ?
If the Dems wanted Trump out so soon, why wouldn't they have started it once they took office in 2019? POTUS could have been impeached for wearing a tan suit, or using spicy mustard on their hot dog! Instead, the House impeached based on evidence of crimes, and the cover up.
Putting Pence in as the POTUS will do more harm in the 2020 election than good (for the GOP, on a national level). Let's remember that Senate's impeachment has a few parts: removal of the sitting POTUS (conviction), *and* barring the individual from running for public office again. IF Trump was removed from office, there is nothing stopping the Senate from allowing him to remain on the ticket for 2020 -- Pence would be a lame duck. IF Trump was convicted and barred from running from public office again, will the GOP voters line up behind Pence in such a short time? Religious right would, but there is more to the GOP than just that voting block.
&gt; I've been saying since last summer that the best move the GOP could make in their own interest would be shitcanning Trump and getting Pence in the Oval Office as quickly as possible. Definitely agree with this: backing Pence sooner would help them in 2020. Given the lengthy fight Trump/GOP is putting up, putting Pence in now won't help them, and could hurt them.
No one will at least talk to Rivers?
With the new world system, ESC is now double bogey, for handicapping purposes.
$500/round is worth a few things... An experience you share with your buddies, conditions that are likely pretty good, and very few people around to bother you. I'm willing to put up with a lot (locally) to play at $70, and lower.
Just keep in mind one thing: women tend to neglect the upper body, when working out. Lots of factors come into why women neglect the upper body (social pressure primarily), but it's detrimental for long term health of anyone. Watching/reading any fitness fit for golf will involve work with your upper body, specifically regarding your thoracic spine. Stay well rounded with your fitness: flexibility, explosive, stability. Weights are a must, and don't worry about getting *big* -- nutrition plays a larger role in that.
Every while male and female should start wearing cornrows to school. The schools guidelines are specific about male hair length (sexist), so every guy in the school should get extensions.
A: acceptable. B: barely acceptable. C: can't eat dinner. D: don't come home. F: find a new family.
In terms of hours spent: Battlefield3, and Counter-Strike (before source).
Ukraine is one of the *lowest* things I care about, right now. *Using* Ukraine to run a personal (and political) errand, and stonewalling Congress at every step? I *care* about that abuse of power.
While I'm not in the market for a new driver, I've had a Cobra one in the past, and it was amazing. Would love to hit one of the new Cobra's, with it's milled face.
If she says that with a stern face, then intercourse is definitely out, and you should respect it. If she says that with a sly smile, intercourse is probably out, but other avenues for fun could exist. In this situation, don't push your luck too quickly.
The goal was to pressure her into quitting vs. firing. Quitting appears as leaving on her volition, whereas firing could be construed as abuse of power.
Next time you want help, get the camera a little closer. Given what I see, I'm assuming you fade/slice often.
If you can reliably hit that (throughout the bag), I'd change nothing.
Witnesses are a waste of time, when the outcome is already chosen.
&gt; Exactly what the GOP is willing to permit is information relevant to the public's interest. Don't you agree? The public needs to hear from the witnesses, 100% agreed. What the GOP is "willing to permit" is a means/method to shape the narrative: nothing to see/hear, Trump did nothing wrong, Dems are wasting all of our time. GOP Senate want this trial over with asap, and witnesses delay the entire ordeal.
States rights?
Multiple impeachments? The only POTUS in history to be impeached twice?
Zero chance? Really? When a single stinger user starts popping up, you'll have to learn to retreat, and find cover. Pinning you down is the goal of the stinger, as a single shot won't take you down. Get up there, lure out the shot, ECM/flare, hide, wait, repeat. There are maps (Goldmund) where this tactic is more difficult, but it's still possible to run+hide. When teams start throwing up 2-3 stingers, that's when it's nearly impossible to fly.
Wouldn't the most exculpatory evidence be the witnesses involved, recorded phone calls, text messages, and emails? If anyone was on trial and exculpatory evidence was available, wouldn't you *want* it to be heard/display?
You're toast, this is a firmware password.
Nope. Unless you know someone that works in a federal position that happens to have a three letter acronym, you're not getting in.
Just release all of the evidence that's been placed into the classified servers. All of the recorded evidence, that is traditionally *not* placed into the highest classification, is well within the reach of the WH to release to the public. So much exonerating evidence, so little use of it.
Tom Brady finishes his career in LA? Or Manning unretires and comes back to the home the attempted to draft him? Brady definitely makes 10x splash, given the new stadium is here.
&gt; I have close to 1000 of them. First world recycled IT problems! Imagine a huge RAID controller with these!
Germany, specifically, has restrictions on content related to Nazi's.
Bolton knows he's done with public (and most private) service once he testifies, so the book guarantees his retirement. If he doesn't get called (there is a chance), the book sales will *soar*, and it will remain a talking point throughout the 2020 election season. If he does get called, he'll be spilling the beans on his book, and it could hurt *some* of it's sales -- or not. I'd wager if his testimony ends up removing Trump, his book could be a bit of a historical piece that will be enshrined in history (much like the Nixon tapes).
Imagine the floodgates of witnesses opening, giving Pompeo, Mulvaney, Guiliani, and Bolton on the stage. Discrediting one or two people isn't difficult. Discrediting everyone that was called in the House *and* those that were actually on the calls? That would be Hollywood magic.
I see the snack, but I also see dessert. Both?
If Senate won't call him as a witness, he should just hold his own Q&amp;A session outside.
China has become the king (in multiple aspects) of manufacturing. At this point, China could become the king of manufacturing of EV vehicles, leap frogging multiple entrenched competitors, in a short period of time.
Trade no one. Change nothing. These Lakers have an entirely different reason to chase that ring, and they are going to get it done.
One size fits all. My way or the highway. So many many things in this world are not solved with seemingly "simple" solutions. Issues are layered, solutions are layered, and sometimes results are not immediate.
Fox News has block, unfriended, and reported Bolton as inappropriate!
Shady Canyon? Is it private? Never seen it bookable on any of the common golf sites.
[AMD cards don't have hardware decoding.](https://support.plex.tv/articles/115002178853-using-hardware-accelerated-streaming/) Hardware accelerated encoding/decoding are Intel and Nvidia, only. When/if AMD gets drivers working, I'm certain Plex will adopt.
AMDs hardware en/decoding only works on Windows. Nvidia/Intel solutions work on linux/Win.
Buddy of mine was new-ish. He's on in 3 on a par5, he's below the hole ~4-5 meters, and proceeds to 5 putt. First one was long, second was short (downhill+fast), third went well past, fourth was uphill and short, fifth was holed. Putting can be maddening. Some people I've played with are born naturals, some aren't. You'll find a way!
Sunrise is the best time, and playing about the second or third group from the first: dew on the greens, and all the previous putting lines!
House to WH: give us papers. WH to House: No U! Make us. House to DoJ: tell the WH to give us the papers we demand. DoJ to House: No U! Pound sand. Your only option is impeachment. House to courts: Exec branch isn't complying with legal requests, and you're our only hope. Courts to House: good luck, may the odds be ever in your favor. Houses goes to impeach, as there isn't any other remedy for the situation.
What's her face when you vacuum. How about laundry? Both?!
Bolton should host a pressing briefer, right in front of the capitol building, and start taking questions.
The *only* point he has: more countries should be included. His selection of the additional countries have some merit, but Russia absolutely does not. If anything, a G10 should organize, based on the top 10 GDPs.
Ban civil asset forfeiture. End qualified immunity. Civil servants should be required to carry insurance, and infractions should raise their premiums. If a police officer is too expensive to insure, they cannot simple transfer to another precinct, as the insurance cost will remain with them.
Threatening violence, to end violence?
Autopsies are generally handled by the county/city. In Floyd's case, there wasn't a finger pointing to wrong doing, which most would agree is a cover up. The independent check is meant to alleviate all doubt, and was likely encouraged by a lawyer. PD and city should expect a lawsuit any day now.
If all BLM protests are cancelled for today, primarily looters will be on the streets. Am expecting some noise tonight, but far less than the last few.
Get that on TV, get that on national TV, get that message into every super/mega Church.
Congrats! Keep at it! Golf is a journey, not a destination, keep at it, and bring some folks in!
The fact that this *is* possible in a game? Brilliant. The fact that I've also missed the same shot? Painful.
Where did these onions come from? Why are they magically diced?
How soon before someone major at the FBI is fired, or resigns? Asking for a friend.
Has to be Florida, near Mar Lago.
^^^ found the emacs user ^^^
&gt; Then on 6 a par 4 he thumps the ball on the green as were putting, no fore nothing. So he comes up to the green and apologizes saying how he never hits the ball that far and we let it go. You get *one* mistake related to hitting into the group ahead, specifically on a clearly visible shot, and usually approach related. If the hole has a blind drive, it's somewhat understandable someone could be in a position you cannot see. For visible approach shots, there really isn't an excuse to hit the group. Maybe you can crush your 3W absolutely perfect and have some form of excuse for hitting into the group, but that's about it.
This guys' channel is *gold*! Wife mode is also the most hilarious.
Draining that long putt, doesn't matter for bird/par/bogey, etc. Pulling off that crazy recovery shot I had no business pulling off. Having a shot be exactly what you wanted: cutting a dogleg off, the draw moved just enough to avoid the tree, etc. Fixing my pitch mark! Smack talking with my buddies.
Let's see the 90 degree wedge!
Read something like this long ago about BMW commercials: they are less targeting someone new to buy one, and are more to confirm the existing purchase.
My first CPU: AMD 386DX-40Mhz. At some point, we added a math co-processor (not sure of Lotus 1-2-3 could use it, but it was there). 1MB turned into 4MB, and that was a HUGE increase. There were a few other K6s in the mix after that, primarily because the same Intel 440BX chipset would take either chip. Eventually got an Athlon 700Mhz, then the first AMD 1Ghz chip! There was also some dual socket Athlon XP (not MP) in the mix, don't remember when that was in my system Haven't had an AMD built in a long time, probably will change that for my next build.
&gt; The GOP would probably be unstoppable if they found a way to not be racist. GOP would do better if they followed their own "doctrines".
Small fact I learned long ago about some of our military's equipment. One expensive piece of equipment initially ran Windows 98. Seriously. There were like quad redundant systems, but it was primarily Windows 98. Beauty of it all? If the machine started acting weird (c'mon, it's Windows), the first thing to do was restart it. One on hand, it feels pretty hilarious that Windows 98 was chosen as the primary OS for the device's use. On the other hand, building around redundancy, and surviving reboots? Yeah, gotta give props to everyone that agreed to it.
Vote! Get out there and vote. We also need more representation in public offices.
Do police officers go through the same psych evaluation that other national three letter acronym agencies do? Are there other annual evaluations for police officers? We also cannot forget: public office representation. Want more African American's writing public policy? Start by running for elections, and winning.
More like: waiting for another 50 walls to be upgradable.
Cannot wait to hear him publicly endorse Biden.
Long term "personal" transportation has all sorts of possibilities. Let's look at the rough cost breakdowns of transportation: Type | Cost | Description ---|---|---- Walk | Free(ish) | Your feet may not *need* shoes, but you want them. Bicycle | Low(ish) | Costs of bicycles have huge ranges, but can easily be had inexpensively. Public transportation | Low-Medium | Bus, rail, etc. Vehicle lease | High | Almost ownership (similar responsibilities). Vehicle ownership | Highest | Used or new, generally the most expensive. There definitely is room for a "transportation service" that is in between public transportation and leasing (once full autonomous driving is available). Instead of buying or leasing a vehicle, you're paying for the ability to summon transportation to arrive at some predetermined period of time. This would actually open the doors for even more options: * Why bother storing the vehicle in your driveway? It's a summon away. Housing requirements can change. * Local shopping? Why do you need a large parking lot? People would need drop off spots, but wouldn't need the rest. * Vehicle locations? Cities (or private) can operate the automated parking/charging lots where the vehicles actually sit+wait for summoning. * Costs would come down. How often do you need more than one person in your vehicle? A fleet wouldn't always need sedan-sized vehicles, they could "right size" their fleet in specific areas.
&gt; Personally I don't see the full autonomy your predict as being anywhere near close, whilst some manufacturers like to proclaim it's coming, fact of the matter is we will likely not see it outside of highway driving within the next decade or two. We're easily 20 years out from most of the items I've listed. Until all personal vehicles are talking with each other, we're simply not going to get autonomous driving working. Every company is trying to be gung-ho with their approach, but we'd get it implemented faster if everyone was on board.
The sooner we go robo-cop for our officers, the better. /s
Intel's 440BX! That chipset did it all: AMD, Intel, Cyrix. This was also the chipset that *didn't* SMP. Raise your hand if you had dual Celeron system! Started with the slotket adapters, then went full bore with an Abit BP6.
Seems the owners will continue with the "we'll lose less money if there is no season" vs. "playing a pro-rated amount". Not sure how the optics are going to work out for fans.
How well can he read a teleprompter? Can he read it without snickering?
Clinton followed Reagan (who followed Nixon) with the "law and order" mantra, making the necessary changes in criminal justice, policing, etc. When you're looking at politics (as a whole), "soft on crime" makes you a weak candidate in the eyes of some moderates. Even if Clinton wasn't in office, you can bet someone else would have signed in something similar. Clinton (and other former members of Congress) admitted their policies had the wrong outcome, and are advocating reform.
In what benchmarks do ARM fall behind x86, today? Last I checked, a lot of heavy math (ssl, en/decrypt, etc) was a bit weak compared to x86.
This is such a terrible trope. What if driver is one of the strongest parts of your game, while iron consistency is horrid? The closer *I* am to driver+wedge, the better chance I have at GIR, and two putting. 3W off the tee 99% hurts me more than it helps me, I avoid it at all costs.
Nokia Lumia 928 owner here. Loved that phone. WP8 had more in common with iOS than Android, which was a good thing. MS really was lost when it came to WP7/WP8, forcing large rewrites each time, without an entrenched audience. iOS can got away with it (due to market penetration), WP was nowhere capable of demanding it.
Stop lying. We got tacos.
How soon before GA purges more polling places? Asking for a friend.
Where: Alondra Working: front was on fire. Six pars in a row on the front, a new record (prior best was 3). At 22 handicap, I don't usually get 6 pars total. Not working: back 9 fell apart, mostly. Tired, heat, excitement, etc. Best shot: hole 11, ~53 yards to flag, hit the stick. Worst shot: hole 15, topped a drive only about 20-30 yards. Shot I wish I could have back: after hitting the flag on 11, the bird was ~3 feet, and pulled it. Tap in par is fine, but I wanted that bird. Still fighting the tops, specifically on the tee box. Very annoyed.
There were a series of markers that were associated with graffiti, so they were banned in school because of the mere relation to it.
Just chiming in on that note: hardware upgrade was relatively painless. Initial motherboard swap initiated a KP on unRAID, but a subsequent reboot solved it. No changing of Docker config, VM, config, etc -- it all worked after that one reboot.
... and they are getting better at it!
If you're eligible to pay taxes on income, you should be automatically registered to vote. This would bring minors into the mix of voters, but it's such a small number, I don't see it as a bad thing. Voting should definitely be a Monday holiday, while the entire week should be a window for the offices to receive mail in votes. Even if you voted by mail, that Monday should be used to celebrate the participation! Imagine the cookouts in November!
How many weeks has it been since the start of the protests? Have we had a single reference to calm, peace, and justice? Instead: Trump invoked Floyd's name, when it referenced the economy.
Over 200 polling places were closed after the SCOTUS struck down the VRA. [Source.](https://www.ajc.com/news/state--regional-govt--politics/voting-precincts-closed-across-georgia-since-election-oversight-lifted/bBkHxptlim0Gp9pKu7dfrN/) The areas that were closed primarily affect African American communities. Wonder why.
Ping or Cleveland make great wedges.
Grind and get better, OR accept the journey for what it is. There was a time when the goal of getting better was important, now it's more important that I made a few good reads with Alex, and take a single W.
Phil's been looking sharp over the last year-ish. He looks like he's lost a lot of weight, hopefully he's doing ok!
WHEN they are on their way out, I fully expect a large attempt at purging all records.
Argh, couldn't complete the 4TB parity in the ~8 hours, and the machine hung again. Getting *another* 24/7 machine to get syslogs seem a waste, but I may not have a choice, given these hangs. Maybe a Raspberry Pi has some use after all.
First to 100 wins.
Multiple Nolan Ryan records may never be broken. The sheer number of starts Ryan had, innings pitched, *and* duration of his career are all anomalies in this day and age.
That's a very large and friendly park, no surprise she hasn't been taped on the weekends, when the crowds are much larger (and more diverse).
Imagine if we took all grade school children and purposely integrated them throughout their education, until they graduated high school.
Whom is her Meechum?
Imagine prioritizing the batteries ahead of the rest of the vehicle. You're "investing" into the batteries, with the idea of "refurbishing" the vehicle 1-2 times before the batteries are gone.
Let's wait for the numbers, and compare the same number of weeks before the start of reopening between them. How many weeks do we wait? I'd consider at least 8-12 weeks a good sample size between pre and post.
Everyone in GA that plans on casting a mail in vote should go volunteer at their local polling places that will have LONG lines (we already know the precincts) and donate water+food. Get out the vote drives need to be had RIGHT NOW, in GA. Every weekend, every Church, etc -- get those voter registration in now, *and* mention the mail in methods.
There have been times playing some BF/BC titles where I'd be #1 on the leaderboard without many (or any kills). You can be a medic and keep the team pushing, or even a Recon be that additional intel (MAV, spotting, etc) or needed spawn point.
The POTUS is a 2-time divorcee, *admitting* to cheating. How the Conservatives fall in line with him vs. the previous POTUS (married 20+ years, no divorces) is only explained via his ethnicity.
Reminds me of the UCAV at the beginning of an HC chain-link server. Was something like 20+ kills (whole team, if not almost entire team), right at the beginning of the match.
Ping makes a damn good driver. They may not be as long as others, but they are damn forgiving, even in their LST line.
Let's see Indy back in school, in his final semester (before retiring), and a student (circa 1970-1980) brings him on one final adventure.
&gt; That student's name? Lara Croft. Or Nathan Drake. I'm fine with either. Nathan would be perfect. If we stuck with Nathan Fillion, you could go with him working at the university/department angle, and still have enough on there to pass the story on. Maybe another item to tie them together is Nathan being a nickname, and his real name is Henry (also being a Jr). Lara has her own franchise, and they need to do a sequel!
&gt; With modern medicine I could see us having a Darth Trump in a skin suit. Don't insult the Sith like that.
As a natural draw player, hybrids tend to hook a bit too easy. In most situations, I'd prefer to just punch out with my 4i -- never an issue getting through the rough.
Played Big Rec, in Long Beach. For the most part, couldn't hit the broad side of a barn with the driver -- until 18. Naturally, I wanted to play another 18 more!
The Pro version (unless they switched back) was the only way to get an official number. Once they required Pro to track handicap, I stopped using it.
This is how you do teamwork, bravo!
Comparing BMW (primarily ICE) and Tesla (all EV) isn't necessarily fair, no? BMW segregates their market segments (1/3/5/7) with size, *and* features -- range isn't really a factor for ICE. As the EV market sits right now, range plays a huge factor. When the EV market has half a dozen more competitors, all with the same range, then the Model 3/S can have virtually the same range, and would be differentiated with other features.
SCOTUS is passing the buck to Congress, as they should.
It *really* isn't that difficult to detect regular disconnectors: send packets between the start/finish of each round (along with result). When someone's percentage reaches some threshold (&gt;=5%?), label them as a habitual disconnector (and put them into the same playing pool as others). Everyone is bound to drop matches, but trends will show the individuals that do it far more often than others.
SLDR is what happens when you put the CG so far forward, its practically unplayable. Even the pros had issues with SLDR, as it was just *so* unforgiving. If you could manage to strike in a *tiny* pattern, then it was super low spin, and good distance. The average hack like me? I prefer to use *all* of the club face! Ping and Cobra are both solid. Hit both before you decide -- it's really all in getting the right shaft/loft setup.
Bolton wanted the Senate to subpoena him to make it appear as if he was being forced to do so -- would have sold his book better. He gambled on being forced to testify, and lost. Hope he's wiping his ass with nickels vs. dollars.
Chevy doesn't know how to lease the vehicle! There were multiple dealer contacts and they wanted 60% of the car's MSRPs over the 36 months! When I last chatted with a local (LA) dealer, they wanted about $30 less/month vs. a Tesla Model 3!
TH13 that just "remaxed" everything: a ton of DE/elixir is going to be needed! Hoping next sneak peaks will show balance changes. Troop requests: buff Valks. Make initial swing faster, and increase HP. Valks' strengths of crushing tight bases seems to diminish as THs progress, they need some help. More super/hybrid troops! Would like to get the point where troops cost both DE/elixir. Make them in the 10-12 camp space range, and have research-able levels.
It was more of a reference in how I use it: quake for large splash radius, lightning for precision. Newer lightning won’t have same radius as quake.
That's right, 29%! Since EQ brings AD down to 1065, then two lightings (I counted 1xEQ, 2xLI in first example) would indeed remove the AD. Now dedicating 6 slots (2xEQ, 4xLI) to remove 2 ADs would indeed be pretty strong.
Imagine MLB going ham with advertising: * The first inning brought to you by Coke. * The first out brought to you by Coke Zero. * This strike out brought to you by Sprite. * This walk brought to you by Nike. * The seventh inning stretch brought to you by Sit N Sleep...
For the most part, it's an attack that contains a combination of miners and hogs (usually 15, each).
90s teenager here, and let's review ... 2 elections that demonstrated winning the WH doesn't require winning the popular vote. Both of these wins were by GOP. How many recessions/economic depressions have we had? More than one, that's for sure! Perpetually at war in the middle east since 1990s. Multiple pandemics in the US since 2000s, but the recent one had inept people in positions of power, causing the chaos we have now. Doesn't look or feel all that hopeful since I was that 90s teenager. Being a cynic since the 90s surely has jaded me, but at least I'm never disappointed.
Thick avocado toast, topped with cured pork (jamon, prosciutto), and moka pot built latte.
More emboldened jerks that hide under the cloud of anonymity.
We really could use more troop space at TH12+.
Are these solutions low latent enough for FPS gaming (CSGO, etc)? Or is there another brand that could do it? My next "project" could be to replace my unRAID and desktop, beef up the unRAID (Threadripper, dedicated GPU), build a VM with pass through, and use an extender for the monitor/kb/mouse in another room. If a KVM over IP can do 1080p @120hz, and maintain low latency, that would be amazing!
Thin clients are fine for most 2D desktop stuff. I'm looking at pushing a 2080ti (or better), for low latency sensitive 3D gaming -- thin clients don't really cut it.
SC must have the best timing: I *just* put down the final collectors, right as the sneak peaks occur. Looks like I'm back to massive elixir and DE farming, again. Dropping from Legend cannot happen fast enough! Also looks like I'll get next months' season pass.
Did this with counter strike, specifically on deaths that could have been avoided. Even if I went on a tear (3:1 k:d), those were some tough pushups toward the end. When my arms would give out, did crunches instead. How effective? My endurance related to pushups got much higher, very quickly. After a few weeks of this program (3-4x hours of CS, at least 5 days/week), the visible differences were in. To be fair, I was in my early 20s, and was somewhat skinny already, so I was prime for visible changes.
Had the G4 Mini, and immediately bought the first Intel Mini. Early adopting can be an annoyance, but I'll volunteer! Love seeing that new Minis are the first test beds, can't wait to see where this goes.
Windows has been on ARM for some time now (og Surface), but it's lack of development support has been astounding. Microsoft hasn't done themselves any favors by forcing end users to go through their store for ARM capable apps, but that's an entirely different rant. Microsoft will probably never entirely shift support off of x86, as there are so many apps that simply can't transition. ARM on Windows will grow, but it will remain far behind Apple.
Long term, slapping both chips into a single board could yield the best possible outcome.
Get some!!! Good job! Enjoy the game for everything it brings you, there is nothing else quite like it.
What got me: sprays. I've always had/needed anti perspirant/deodorants, and the spray just seemed to breed these in my pits. Nearly 20 years without a spray, and the occurrences of these have gone dramatically down.
Advertising you aren't going to do your jobs, if anything changes, is blatantly bad. Maybe the police should get a good ol' taste of capitalism: the city should hire a less expensive, and better run organization. If the city is hiring another company, the city can impose any/all oversight they please.
Wrong club for chipping? Last round, I was just pure with my chips -- no fats or thins. My issue came down to incorrect club selection, so I kept going long because I hit them too well.
Enable persistent logs to help determine what failed before the machine hung. A few weeks back, I posted about how after a hardware swap (would hang before swap, but not as frequent), unRAID regularly became unresponsive. While persistent logs didn't help me then, disabling running VMs (single Windows 10 VM) on boot seemed to do the trick. While I've also rebuilt the VM with the latest Windows 10 (2004), I still don't auto start that VM on boot.
When did Lulu make a leg brace or crutches? /s
It was a fairly known/common thing when it came from Japanese developers and their sports games: their favorite player(s) would have the listed stats, but would exceed them at opportune times. When Ichiro was a rookie, I played one of those games in Japan, and the very first swing was a homerun with Ichiro.
Intel could, if they wanted, embed an ARM chip into their [EMIB](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/foundry/emib.html)
When will someone sell a fake stick shift for the Tesla's? How about a fake clutch? Just the pure muscle memory is worth playing in!
More recently, I've gone with nicotine gum. Maybe not as consistent as Xanax or Adderall, but it works.
Put a bit of an orange rind in.
My 3W ranges: 10, 250. Never know what I'm going to get out of it, but the range is pretty large.
If Harris is on the ticket, there will be a myriad of minorities quite upset with it -- her record on prosecutions *of* minorities is questionable. Anyone on the fence of the ticket because of "Dems are soft on crime" should be fine with Harris.
I actively avoid courses where there is trouble is consistently on the right. Next level course management!
While I'm a little tall (6'2"), what *else* changes when you're training with that much height (beyond setting up bars to different spots)? Pressing has always been more difficult for me, but all leg work has been much easier (always had big quads, glutes). Guess with all that height, it becomes more difficult to reach into the different positions required for a deadlift.
Louisiana/Texas/etc: just another roadblock that they'll find a way to craft around. Next set of laws ... - Some specific about not being open during days that end in the letter Y. - A specific set of rules where opening hour are between 27:00 and 32:00. - 50 gallon hat must be worn by all employee's, working inside. - Anyone will with a name that has a single vowel in it, will be denied services. Make no mistake, the conservative think-tanks have more plans coming!
Truthfully, I don't see less them dropping x86 support until 2027+. By the time the "last" x86 based Macs ship, that won't be until 2021, and likely will stop being sold in 2022. Pro-level apps are going to take more time to move over to ARM, so Apple will need to support these machines for quite some time.
The couple would have been safer if they held up a BLM sign.
At some point ... SC is going to "squish" it all, a bit. For now? Being near max (just before update, lol), I'm sucking up the silly upgrade times. Don't mind the gold/elixir/dark elixir, it's the sheer time that's annoying.
Why can't the defense budget be tied to a portion of GDP? When the government coffers are low(er), then the defense budget also takes the hit. In fact, most departments should be tied to a portion of GDP: when the government is collecting less in revenue, everyone working for government should be affected (in some ways).
Will GOP voter apathy be the downfall, or will anti-Trump voter enthusiasm be the downfall?
&gt; The GDP doesn’t necessarily reflect tax revenue. You might be thinking that the budget should be tied to tax revenue. You're right, the clarification is important. *I* would prefer the budget tied to some % tax revenue (monthly, quarterly, etc). &gt; because you don’t want an economic downturn to severely effect a nation’s capability to defend itself. On that note: offices that have their budget tied to tax revenue should have savings for these sorts of events, while Congress would have guidelines when additional funding is necessary (war). If one month/quarter is bad for tax revenue, and it completely hampers our countries ability to defend ourselves, then there is *way* more budget shenanigans going on!
&gt; It's been 3 days and they are nowhere near an adequate or coordinated response. Hold tight, I'm sure Fox or OANN will have something in a day or two -- they are still finding a way to spin it on Obama/Biden/Hillary/etc. Taking a little more time, but they'll come around.
Still see people repping that driver/3wood!
