Very true
Wait, is that actually canon?
There are so many times where I wish real life had a CTRL + F
Lieutenant Dan had fresh legs too. Until he didn't.
PUT HURTS IN
Yeah, its clear that Alabama is just a better coached team.
I mean he's literally played 13 games his whole career so that's not really saying much.
r/FirmForHerm
He's not just a boulder, he's a rock
Miss him :(
Pete is the GOAT scorigami coach
Meant decade oops
True, though its pretty rare for that to happen. Just wanted to point out an example.
To be fair "River Boat" doesn't exactly give off an aggressive vibe
I wanna feel his love all over me
Its honestly genius. Using their weather to their advantage.
Being top left corner of the country helps I guess?
"Hey bro, what you in for?"
Titans literally trying to lose
They bad
I see you spamming this link all over the thread. I respect that.
Assuming Raiders don't take him
Ramsey being traded to the Dolphins???
Story?
That sucks
Good point. I personally think it should be an 8 team playoff anyway.
They both seemed pretty bad imo
Thats fucked
Calculated
And PurplePeopleMeet
And continues to dad dick the NFL
The struggle is real, my will power is not
True, in order to win, one must not lose
Who the hell is Patrick Ricard
Why can't it be both?
Holy shit
Nah, its that based on what we knew at the time, it was a reasonable belief.
Pete has a pretty large say in all those areas. He even has the title Executive Vice President of football operations. Definitely closer to what the Raiders will have with Gruden than pretty much any other team other than the Patriots.
Dude ran like a fucking gazelle
That sounds painful, would not recommend
Sounds like Wilson should just play like shit every game, and we'll always win!
They were fucking tearing into Cousins towards the end of the game, Witten had no mercy
What did Brady do before the half? Didn't see the game
Some of our fans are actually that stupid
&gt;A trade that was universally mocked is turning out to be one of the best moves in franchise history. Might wanna slow down a bit there
I'm hoping you guys do, but I can't quite see the Steelers losing a must win game to the Bengals. If it weren't for that I'd say you have a decent chance.
Who names their kid "Clete"?
Truly an inspirational story
I don't think you've watched him play much then.
We've all been there
At least we got Tyler Lockett out of the trade
He was right, but he really should have known better than to say it. It doesn't help the team or Rudolph, and can only have negative consequences.
ALASKA IS OURS
Nice try Kevin
You're Michael Dickson to me
ಠ_ಠ
Is Kevin Hart's son old enough to be on reddit?
Too late, already pooped
That wasn't an incompletion though, the play didn't technically happen
You taxonomists sure are a contentious people
Somebody find that gif...
Considering weed is legal in California, wonder if Gruden could market that.
I used to crank it out to rocks and sticks that vaguely resembled genitalia!
Inb4 Dolphins AFC East champs
Didn't realize other people thought it sounded like that too
Type-O Negative
Did you watch their game against us in Seattle a season or two ago?
I get what you're saying and generally agree that we should wait for more than a year before calling a QB a franchise player. That said, I definitely think Watson is a good to great QB. I feel like he's shown enough in the past year and a half to warrant that, especially considering he had to come back from an ACL tear. In regards to Mahomes, I think even if he never plays as good as he has this year, he still probably deserves MVP, simply because it's based on their performance in one year, not their career.
That shot of him on the sideline. Looked like his dog just died
Pretty much undeniably top 3, but its hard to say who's best between him, Brown, and Julio.
As if Claiborne wasn't already traumatized enough by him.
But what if he never drops one
r/Rimjob_Steve
They don't have an album that isn't excellent imo
They are officially a circle
So much for "He'll never get another chance after what he pulled with the Colts"
Just cover your head with foil, easier than covering all your electronics. Plus its very fashionable.
He either makes crazy hard catches or drops easy passes. Last year it was mostly drops.
It looked worse than it was initially, but I maintain that he has been a liability this season.
He was clearly outside the pocket
&gt;the rebuttal This is by far the best name for it I've heard
Need 12 points from him to win. I'm oddly nervous after the past two weeks.
I bet that there's a lot of Anger over that decision ^(I'm sorry)
/r/ThreadKillers
Deal
Do you eat your bowls of nails with or without milk?
RIP
I was actually making a joke about that punters [name](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryan_Anger)
It all makes sense now
Sweezy too is very bad
Pocic going to the gulag
Honestly we need Fluker if we're gonna win this
He is an absolute unit
Lets keep Kelvin Benjamin out of this
"2-point Conversion Super Unsuccessful!"
This whole album is fantastic
[Tucker irl](https://usatftw.files.wordpress.com/2018/10/dqevq9gwoayqpbv.jpg?w=1000&amp;h=600&amp;crop=1)
A child
What did you guys give up in total for that pick? I remember it seemed like a lot at the time
I don't think its an unreasonable claim, same reason Clay Matthews was the golden boy of the league for so long
Defense
30 Rock is one of the most underrated shows in recent history, I'd highly recommend, especially if you're into shows like The Office or Parks and Rec
He bad
WIND BOMB
I'd agree with this. Penny has fantastic skills in open space, but Carson has amazing vision running between the tackles.
Hey man, don't kink shame
I don't get the Chipotle hate, I love me some Chipotle
You vike that?
Eh, if he wins a natty people will forget about it
Kam probably could've made it a year or two off of name recognition
Red Bryant was a beast for a few years, I always felt like he didn't get enough recognition league wide
He's Jim to his friends though
The real friends were the guns we made along the way
This is what I came to the comments looking for
Nah I'm pretty sure its by Axl and Friends
I was saying Boo-urns
Fair
ESCALATORS ESCALATORS ESCALATORS!
*Dolphin noise*
*mortician
His commentary makes up for it
Respect the hussle
Dak vs. Hitler, who wins?
Checkmate atheists
If the rumors were true that Haley was intentionally sabotaging the offense to get Hue fired and himself promoted, then he should never get another major coaching job again. As a player, how can you trust a coach who's willing to do that?
Saints?
We have a very underrated D-line group, lots of good young guy. Plus the Rams D is underperforming for the amount of talent they have.
Don't forget DeKa'iminoeauloameka'ikeokekumupa'a Fairbairn
Wack
For an elite receiver that isn't much
Classic, remember it like it was yesterday
Russell Wilson did it last year
Weast Virginia
Reed and Lockett have been huge parts of our success this year.
Don't give them any ideas
Does the toilet flush in two whirlpools when he uses it?
That is exactly what I had in mind
Younger and more talented, but less lucky, and I almost feel like luck is the most important one to have
(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
How did he fall to the 7th round? Was he showing this stuff at OkSt?
And Uber is off the menu
Yeah, doesn't really work any other way
Glad we're on the same page
Fuck yo couch
Thanks Perd
Lmao
Still some good ones in the Seattle area. Silver Platters and Everyday Music are great. Also, Amoeba Music is amazing if you're in California.
I always maintain that they weren't as bad as everyone said. Though they weren't really as good as their level of popularity suggested either.
Not gonna lie tho, it would be fun to watch an all out brawl in the end zone before before the ball even gets there
Yes
Yeah, Mark Tremonti is one of my favorites. His solo albums are pretty good too
I feel like I'm missing something
Chicago are one of those bands with a couple songs I really like, but most of their stuff I can't really get into. This song is a classic.
Crazy how close Ken Wisenhut was to being a super bowl winning coach
Pretty sure the draft thread on r/nfl after he was picked had the top comment making fun of the Panthers for taking a "slot receiver" at number 8 overall, so you weren't the only one.
Honestly he had the talent. If he wasn't an idiot and was willing to put in some work, he may have turned into a decent QB.
I'd be willing to bet Dak would look pretty good under McVay's system. I don't think it's crazy to say that he's the better QB.
Kinda generic but I might go with the N64 logo.
The "Being the GOAT" system
He's commonly seen as having some of the best hands of any receiver ever, but that alone doesn't make him better than TO.
Once again, my morality isn't perfect, but it's better than throwing my hands up and saying "well nothing is right or wrong", because your gonna end up excusing a lot of terrible things that way. Its ironic that you keep bringing up past injustices as examples of why we shouldn't pass judgment today, because your logic will end up perpetuating future injustices. By your logic, I could easily justify the Nazis treatment of Jews, just as you justify Christians treatment of gays.
I see you've run out of arguments. Explain to me how I'm discriminating against Christians?
&gt;Nah this was a decision based on culture. Lakers are a family. The team sticks together and actually have genuine friendships off the field. Kawhi felt at home during his visit. He said this was the main reason he chose Los Angeles.
I'm happy he got his payday at least, just in time too
Its not like they could have predicted he'd get arthritis. Its like the contract we have Kam just before he had his career ending injury. Sometimes shit happens and you can't predict it.
I'd give honorable mention to Mike Vick, Sterling Sharpe, and maybe Sean Taylor
Since NFL players don't seem to be impacted by arthritis very often, and since they were willing to give him a long term deal before the season, I have to assume they didn't see it coming, though I couldn't say for sure. And in regards to Kam, I don't think the neck injury was inevitable. Plenty of hard hitting safeties have had long careers lately, and considering Kam tended to have above average tackling form, I think he was very likely to have been able to play for a long time.
Gay Johnson hiring to be exact
So for the vote, should we take into account overall career or peak?
&gt;Wilson has never had a season statistically better than Luck when they both play. "When they both play" is a really weird qualifier to add, considering it has no effect on Wilson's performance. Plus his 2015 was better than Luck this season, and his 2017 and 18 seasons were pretty similar.
r/rareinsults
And we didn't do either last season. Don't tell me we should be happy with a first round exit against a team we were better than.
Technically they've never done it
Uh, a lot of things siblings do to each other would be considered crimes if they were unrelated adults.
Who is that?
That's already been his nickname in some circles
Hi Kevin
So you're saying they'll be a dynasty?
But even then, could you honestly say that he would mean as much to the Lakers franchise as he would to the Raptors, after bringing them their first championship? Imo the only way that's even remotely possible would be if he won 5+ rings with the Lakers, and that isn't exactly realistic.
The fantasy gods are cruel
Did they really disappear if they were never there?
What did he even mean by that? Like why would the accuser be hurt by it?
Tho maybe not for long thanks to Erdogan
Would watch
This doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about Cincinnati to dispute it.
Prior are acting like you don't have any obligation to your siblings. If you're on at all good terms with them, you need to be there in this scenario.
&gt; It's his wife. He's been with her for years, he has kids with her, he has lived with her for a long time, had sex, married, love, and a lot of very very deep and impacting emotions and experiences are attached to that person. I think I see your point, but I feel like you could also use this to argue the complete opposite view. If you've been married, had kids, and had a good relationship for all these years, why does something she did in the past change that? If its about trust, and the fact that she didn't tell him and kept it hidden all these years, then I think it's more understandable, but if its about her being a prostitute having "tainted" her is some way (which it seems like it is from OP's description), then I'm not so sure.
Yeah what the fuck
What if I was just singing along to the lyrics?
I would like to go 8-5
This comment simultaneously represents the best and worst aspects of this sub
Or in other words, "it's society's job to accommodate for my idiot son"
Disgusting
Seasons 1-3 plus the movie are pure comedy gold
Yeah wtf, I thought I read it wrong at first
Damn Canadians, they ruined Canada!
Overall I'm not crazy about them, but I love their sausage egg McMuffins
Couldn't hear what the ref said to him, but I imagine it was "please don't do that"
I just started watching the first season, and yeah it is kinda dated, but it's still really good.
Oh no
You should work for Hallmark
He stayed surprisingly calm
My baby farm is cage-only
Funny that you and another user are being downvoted for rightfully pointing out that governance and culture are not the same thing. Reddit at times really has no room for nuance.
See: Cassius Marsh
Lmao name tag is the best part
Coming to a team near you: "Calvin Johnson: How not to be the Lions"
I think that's the entire point
Honestly even Otto Graham would probably look really bad against modern NFL defenses. It just shows how far the game has come in both strategy and physical capabilities of players.
This sub can be pretty fucking callous sometimes, jeez
According to the page, Elfrid Payton's dad was on the team (and is in the CFL HOF). TIL
Dude, most of us agree that the justice system is racially fucked up, but this is a dumbass hill to die on.
Blitz 2000 was that imo
*"What are you gonna do, fine me?"*
Damn hydrophobes
To be fair, you can't blame them for benching him after he demanded to be traded.
That's why she tried to go for the instant fatality, she knew she didn't stand a chance in a real fight. Unfortunately for her, she underestimated the amount of force needed
For real, he had no mercy
This is the epitome of the "old school" coaching beliefs. Moneyball kinda made fun of it with the scene where the scouts are taking about the players girlfriends.
I don't hate KD for what he did, but damn its a shame we didn't get to see that rivalry play out as it would have without him.
Too ~~soon~~ early
Unless you're a certain coach with a gum chewing addiction
Personally I thought the rape scene was a bit too much
Wagner has a good chance
What are you trying to argue? Do you really think that its defensible for religions to force their beliefs upon non-believers?
Damn Antikarma whores
Also fumbled in the Blair Walsh game a couple years back that probably cost them the win.
I remember it like it was yesterday
Idk, I thought the way they did the slow reveal of how the Kree were really the bad guys was pretty cool, but that's just me.
No
The fact that Shaun Alexander hasn't even gotten an ounce of consideration is crazy imo. I can understand if you don't think he's quite HOF worthy, but he at least should be in the discussion.
What did he say?
Pocic maybe
And the weight loss was a nice bonus
That shit was rigged, I swear
This has to be a shitpost, nobody could be this clueless
r/MurderedByWords
He Britta'd it
Yikes dude
How you gonna say that about a guy who played more than half his career with one team, and only three teams total?
Thanks Creed
I heard the third one was ok? I never watched the sequels though.
That eliminates about 90% of porn nowadays
Tbh, I'd probably react the same way. Its usually safe to assume the hot air balloon isn't gonna crash through a crowd of people.
Eh, sometimes, but there's no guarantee. Plenty of good people have bad luck, and bad people have good fortune
And internally bleed...
Oh boy
Wow
Yeah, I never understood why people feel ashamed
Whole lot of carcinogens in that video
Surprised that I immediately understood that last part
I hope
And this guy has exactly as many votes as any of us
I have never seen one like that
Are you comfortable with innocent people being executed? Because if there is a death penalty, that is an inevitability, because there's always a chance it can happen (and has happened). Also, what good does it do? Sure it satisfies some desire for vengeance, but I'd hope that as a society we can rise above that. Don't look at it as a matter of whether or not they deserve life, look at it as us as a society being better than ending a life for no reason other than revenge.
All life is sacred, until its not
Yeah, he's far from perfect, but calling him a Republican is straight up stupid
Yeah that's how I feel. Its a solid show, but can often be somewhat formulaic and rely on the same tropes.
Oh my aching tentacles
Missed an opportunity for "Kawhy so serious?"
I have won the Tour de France just as many times as Neil Armstrong
Yeah, late and stupid, but I wouldn't call it dirty
Heckling a terrible movie with a bunch of random people in a theater sounds like an awesome time.
Taking the whole "justice is blind" thing too seriously
HOF
I'd say get rid of FLEX, since it isn't a real position. Also, possibly make it so 4-3 DEs and 3-4 OLBs are classified as EDGE, and make a separate position for 4-3 OLBs.
I like the call
Lol they got away with delay there
You might get punched in the arm more often
The fuck you talking about Booger Brown shoulda dragged his feet and had it
That's how he ended up a FB
Literally wasted two down and 20 seconds, braindead playcalling
Holy shit
God level brainfart
lmao
Makes sense, he definitely gave himself up
Derek Carr take note
Holy shit what a choke
How do you not at least throw the ball there???
I guess it doesn't ultimately make a huge difference
Hau$ch time
Anyone got the pic? Mods removed it
Anyone else notice that we always run it up the middle after an offensive penalty?
Beastmode still got it
You make a compelling argument
Give him the Kobe contract!
Alaska and Hawaii are Seahawks territory, I petition to include them
That was hilarious
I swear some of us are so damn sensitive when it comes to what announcers say.
Anyone got the PFF grades from yesterday?
Don't blame ya, he's basically our defensive Procise at this point.
Yall think some poopy pants can stop that man from going out there?
If you're talking about the Dupree hit that was not called
And your sub has a bunch of people hoping Clowney gets a career ending injury next game.
Link?
Jim Harbaugh too for a while
I am genuinely sympathetic to this because I would be really pissed if Wilson got knocked out of a playoff game by a hit like that, but going on your sub and seeing people act like Clowney is basically Vontaze Burfict and getting upvoted for hoping he and even Wilson get injured in the next game left a really bad taste in my mouth.
Wait a second...
Now this is just getting ridiculous!
Sounds like he wasn't a Schiano man
Seahawks were 7-9 that season, so pretty much everyone expected it to be an easy win for the Saints
That is advanced stupid
Welcome to the sub
They say a good compromise leaves everyone unhappy.
Wait, does anyone actually think it wasn't?
You and I may have very different definitions of "everyone"
Gotta love going to commercial right after a controversial play that may or may not have been a fumble.
Clutch Jimmy
That's why you don't pay the big bucks for a game manager.
Seems more like a Saban move, though they have similarities
So he went to Penn State?
Titans came to play
As much as I've criticized him at times, I definitely think Pete would have done much better against the titans if he were coaching that game. Harbaugh gave up on the run early, which Pete probably wouldn't have done. In addition, Pete probably would've kicked those field goals on the two failed fourth downs (even though I think it was 100% the correct decision to go for it on both of them). Lastly, like others have brought up, if there's anything Pete excels at, its rallying the team when they need to make a comeback.
Welp.
Oof
Maybe they'll let Russell throw more than once per drive now.
Welp, all you can do is try to regroup and get a fresh start next half.
Fuckin tre flowers
Weird how we play so much better when Russell runs the show, someone should tell Pete and Brian about that.
Imagine if we had utilized our elite QB from the beginning of the game instead of waiting to be down three scores.
Pete, for some reason
Game is within reach, gotta switch back to the patented 2ypc up the middle offense. Need to "establish the run" of course.
Einstein was a fuckin scrub, woulda been me I swear
Na lets just run it up the middle again
If you're happy with averaging 10 wins a season and exiting in the divisional, that's fine, plenty of teams would kill for that, but at least admit it. This game was winnable if we hadn't handicapped ourselves 3 scores before letting our best player shine. Pete and Schotty lost us this game, and I don't trust Pete in several regards.
If you're fine with being a great regular season team that loses winnable games in the playoffs that's fine, but I think it's a shame that we lose these games because of archaic offensive beliefs.
Yup, this is how we lost to the cowboys last year, so why should anything change this time?
We're not going to, but I hope he retires. He's the GOAT Seahawks coach but he's holding Russell and the team back.
Yeah I get it, browns fans would kill for this and its understandable. I just hate to see us underperform with the best QB in the league.
Do you deny that Pete cost us this game? I'm not saying he isn't a great coach, or even that we'd be better off firing him, but his absolute refusal to take advantage of having the best player in the league at the most important position is going to continue to lower the ceiling of his teams. I don't get why this is so hard for some people to understand.
Not running it up the middle for 2 yards 10 times a half would be a good start
I agree, he is great at inspiring the team to victory and defensively he's still solid, but he needs to get a progressive offensive mind to oversee the offense.
That foot defied physics
Lmao people calling game because of a ten point deficit at halftime. Have any of you watched much football?
How you doin?
Biggie!
"We the jury find the defendant AND his lawyer guilty of all charges"
You're making us look real bad dude, just stop
Exactly. Its a foolproof plan.
What are the new rules exactly?
Interesting, thanks!
Remember, no Russian
Wouldn't they prefer it cold?
The entire first round is gonna be LSU at this point.
That's why they don't care about climate change, need a lot more ice to melt before we get to second great flood levels.
For real, people are fixating on the kid aspect but her behavior is indicative of being a selfish asshole, period.
&gt; It's a core belief that "Favor?" + "no" =/= asshole. On the basis of a single example, I agree, but being repeatedly unwilling to do anything at all for the people one claims to care for indicates a moral failing imo. And people are fixating on the kid aspect, but it's about the fact that the sister isn't willing to do the smallest thing to help her family. Yes she's not technically obligated to do anything for them, but its my opinion that if you love and care about people, you should be willing to help them out when they need it, even if it isn't the most convenient thing (and it seems like it would have been very little inconvenience anyway). Another commenter stated it pretty well: &gt; NTA. Take away the child/childfree aspect for a minute. Jenny lives in a home with other people. &gt;“Jenny, I got a notification that my package arrived, can you please bring it in?” &gt;I diDNt orDER ANy PAckAGe, so NO &gt;“Jenny, I’ve been asked to work late and won’t have time to pick up my dry cleaning before the place closes, can you please grab it for me?” &gt;ThEy ArEnT MY cLotheS so NO &gt;“Jenny, the plumber is going to be by between 1:00 and 3:00, since you’ll be home, do you mind letting him in and making sure he has what he needs?” &gt;It’s NOt ThE BaThROm thAT I usE so NO &gt;Ugh, what a pain in the ass. Jenny, just pitch in from time to time. If the child gets foisted on you too often or at bad times, speak up. But you can’t just never help out your family that you live with.
By far my favorite addition to my vernacular in the past couple years
Are they still gonna allow the custom name plates?
Dammit
Oh no, here comes the anti-circlejerk
I would totally watch a Reid/Mahomes buddy cop show
We were also literally one possession away from potentially losing to a mediocre eagles team that had to play 3 quarters with their backup QB. Then we lost to a packers team that proved themselves to be not that great by being destroyed by the Niners. Have we really fallen so far that we consider a second round exit an accomplishment? Hell, we were the #1 seed in the NFC at one point, then lost to the Rams and cardinals. If that's not disappointing to you, then you must be setting your expectations pretty damn low. Maybe I'm spoiled by success, but I expect a team with the best QB in the league to show more than we did in these playoffs.
I have often fantasized about the numbers Russell would put up in an Andy Reid offense.
Yeah, as much as I wish he would've won, I don't think he had the votes.
For once something that actually fits the sub perfectly
Lmao I hope this is an Asimov reference
Its nice to see a true YTA post, too many obvious NTA posts on here
Damn we have so much in common
Nah it means they're due for a loss
Needs moustaches
Unfortunately, I don't think they do :/
Yall acting like Geno Smith wouldn't carry us to the promise land smh
Man I really hope Dissly can get back to form, these past two injuries have been brutal
Vicko Mode
When in doubt, always go with the Shaggy defense
That's why I'd say NTA/NAH. Its total plausible that she did enjoy it and just didn't think about what she was saying/doing, though its not unreasonable for OP to have interpreted it that way.
Yikes
Then why do you? You gotta sm stand up for yourself, cause hate to say it, but if everything you say is true, Ken AND your husband are taking advantage of you.
"We have nothing to hide, and that's why we need to make sure no one sees any of the shit we're hiding"
I don't think it's an issue as long as the players deserve it. I'd view it as a point of pride that your franchise has had so many players who were at that level.
Pretty cool website
Amen
Because people here have the tendency to view the asshole in a specific situation as a bad person in general, even though we're only getting a glance into one moment of their lives.
I was trying to decide between that and the Harvin kick return. That was when I really knew we were gonna win it.
I see so many mariner hats in NYC, its really weird
I feel like Guard is a more pressing need, especially considering how much they run it up the middle. That said, I would be entirely in favor of getting an Ifedi replacement.
Its about giving the recruit a sense of pride and accomplishment
They just have to Spit It Out
The fuck
I think he's said pretty much that exactly
For real, that was surprisingly scary
This could be a new copypasta
Bruh you married a racist, hate to tell ya
Did not expect it to be the guy on the horse filming
Demarco Murray came 24 carries short of it in 2014, so I wouldn’t call it unbreakable. Especially with the expansion to 17 games.
Dude I’m very pro-BLM but that has nothing to do with this
And I bet he produced an inordinately large amount of waste
I knew it. Dabo gonna be out there breaking legs to get his boy some playing time!
This is advanced population mathematics
&gt; The middle is ultimately where we should strive to be Strongly disagree there. Having a view that is in the midpoint between contrasting views has no intrinsic value. What matters is you being able to justify your viewpoint according to your moral philosophy. Personally, I would have a lot of problems with a morality that intentionally strives to be in the middle of issues.
So much pain in so little time
The cartoonish slide was perfect
Problem is it ends up looking more like Blackface
Ironically, them acting as the have is the main thing delegitimizing their right to the monopoly on violence.
You know shit is serious when people in Seattle are using umbrellas
I don’t think he’s racist, he’s just an idiot.
Love him as a player, but man he’s an idiot
It’s not news if it doesn’t actively lower my libido
Eh we have no idea. You definitely can’t assume that just based on the fact that he’s a white NFL player
Yeah it’s clear this what he believes. I just hope he really takes a step back and thinks about why people are taking issue with what he said.
I meant more publicly and among his peers, teammates, and other nfl players
Plus he knows he’s out of there after this year. Not as much to lose
Lmao half the league is gonna be trying to lay a hit on Brees this season. Dude might want to consider retiring.
Fucking pigs. Rot in Hell
I usually won’t call someone a freeloader unless they’re being an asshole about it. He definitely is.
Once again, to me it’s that in conjunction with complaining about the parent that makes him a freeloader. I wouldn’t call someone who is a victim of circumstances but handles it gracefully a freeloader.
For real, what a terrible and confusing question for trivia.
It certainly can be. It’s difficult cause you also get a lot of variance in quality at any price.
I was actually incorrect on the news camera thing, my bad. And I wasn’t saying the King video wasn’t incredibly widely seen, just that it is easier to capture that kind of thing today where anyone can take a high resolution video from their phone. It explains why we see so many more of these today.
Did you install it or did it come with the guitar?
I hadn’t heard of them before but they seem cool.
Why are you marrying this person??
Unfortunately I think a lot of people will refuse to see racism unless it’s as blatant as a lynching. They’ll talk about how all the statistics are the fault of Black culture and bad parenting. Sometimes I feel like we’re all living in different realities based on what we are and are not willing to look at with an open mind.
‘Twas a simpler time
A lot better than when we were just ok with people being racist shitbags.
Of all the first round picks in NFL history, he certainly is one of them
He tried to buy the Bills at one point I believe
It’s a great film if you need to put something on while you fall asleep on the couch
Subscribe
Best 3-13 team ever
I feel like you don’t have to hate modern rap to find this funny.
I’m really curious about this now
In Cuba
1964 is a pretty good milestone, when all the racist southern democrats left the party and became republicans after LBJ signed the Civil Rights Act.
If Tua works out I could definitely see that. The loss to Washington is much more confusing.
Flores from what we’ve seen is a very promising coach, that team should not have managed 5 wins last season. Plus we do have a knack for making close contests of games we should easily win. Remember Bengals week 1?
Yeah I get people want basketball back but strawmanning the players who are uncomfortable with potentially creating a distraction from one of the most turbulent periods in recent US history is not a good look.
“Thanks for the warning!”
I mean it’s definitely more complicated than just cops being racist, it’s the combination of a lot of social, economic, and political factors that have led to the police being one of the main tools of oppression towards black people. I’m not gonna say I have all the answers or know what the exact causes are, but I think it’s obvious that the police departments of America have serious problems in regards to how they operate and act towards people based on race and class. You don’t get protests at the size and intensity of what we are seeing now without major underlying issues.
This doesn’t look like Watterson at all
She basically told them they’re not gonna see their grandkids, their only living descendants, very much for the rest of their lives, when they had been used to seeing them regularly. I don’t really blame them for being upset and angry.
I’m always astonished at how ignorant people who aren’t part of a discriminated group can be. Like, it’s not that hard to have empathy and put yourself in someone else’s shoes.
I mean the above commenter almost seems like they are making an excuse for AB
Yeah he has about as big an impact as a non-QB can have. We’ve seen how our defense is affected when he is out or playing injured.
Niners dude probably (not gonna try to spell it)
Definitely makes sense for the GTA V Re-re-master for the next gen. They make all their money on the online, and could probably get higher traffic if the game was free.
Imagine the fallout if one of them died.
In general he has some pretty stupid takes. I knew he was not the smartest guy when he complained about everything Andy Reid "put the team through" in response to Eagles fans being happy he won a super bowl.
Josh Gordon reinstatement machine go brrrr
Cause fans are idiots who want to believe that kind of shit
Someone will unironically come in saying racism had nothing to do with this. Some people will never see reality.
Nah it was clear
Which makes the fact that he isn’t even more inasane
Same reason conservatives love Candace Owens.
Damn you weren’t lying, [I can see it](https://www.theguardian.com/global/2019/apr/30/zac-efron-ted-bundy-victims-hollywood-heartthrob-serial-killer#img-4)
Good luck! Stay safe
What specific changes would they need to make to move to a P5 conference that they’re not willing to make?
Fascinating! I wasn’t aware of these issues. Do you know how the student body and/or alumni feel about this in general?
10 Rules of Acquisition
I was thinking more like: https://youtu.be/z6QgND6sXbc
They had this dudes legs tied up halfway through the video, there was literally no reason for that many officers to be on top of him.
At least the storm will clean the shit off of him
Mustaine still puts out great shit, even if he’s kinda crazy
28 TDs as a RB is insane. The numbers RBs were putting up in that era were crazy.
*Scribbles down notes* “Has potential to be a Richard Sherman-type player”
Stephen A Smith Burner Account is better
Thanks
Found Joe Rogan
Pete Carroll is almost 70, and I believe most of them are over 50.
Yup, these arguments make sense in a bubble of privilege where one doesn’t try to understand the struggles different people go through.
Plenty of people have used blackface in ways that have been acceptable because they were making fun of blackface itself. The Office, 30 Rock, Tropic Thunder, and It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia have all done it.
Probably some town in Montana, Idaho, or one of the Dakotas. That whole section of the country doesn’t really have any close NFL teams
Honestly I still see it. People are still only begrudgingly admitting he is overall a good guy, and will still be like "but pig socks" or "but didn't vote"
It is, but it also is subject to a lot of bias by writers and moderators. Always check the source before taking things for granted from Wikipedia. In general, it’s great for hard facts, but less so for issues that are subject to debate.
No capes!
He was basically the Jimmy Graham of the Holmgren era, so it makes sense why he’s not exactly beloved
He was pretty much the ringleader though I believe.
Lmao this is fantastic. I really wanna know now
He just can't control himself once he's had a few Monsters
Iirc it was an illegal hit by rule, but not something I’d label as “dirty”
Honestly he could pull it off.
South Asians are fairly well represented in the tech industry, no?
That’s fair, and I don’t agree with that. However, we still shouldn’t be justifying doxxing. In the same way that people should stand behind what they say, people should also refrain from unleashing a mob on people for things they say online unless it is actually egregiously hateful. Doing it to some 12 year old is definitely shitty.
&gt; 240 deaths and 3,000 catastrophic injuries resulted from the combination of early generation Explorers and Firestone tires. Holy shit that’s bad
He’s really Spreading the Disease
Bet that’s enough to buy Leadbelly’s guitar!
Just be glad he’s still Among the Living
Can be applied similarly to climate change. Even if it wasn’t real, being less dependent on oil and producing less pollution would be very good.
Big if true
Didn’t the FFDP singer actually have a domestic incident once?
Assholes always think everyone else is just as selfish as they are.
I would imagine there are fewer players doing insane amounts, like guys like Lawrence Taylor or Michael Irvin, but it is still fairly commonly done casually.
He was actually a pretty big soccer fan (not joking) Arsenal banned him from their stadium when it came out that he was a supporter of them.
Why the fuck would it?
Yeah, no one brings up that they had been giving him 300+ carries for like 5 straight seasons. Unless they were expecting emmitt smith level longevity, it was pretty likely that he was gonna drop off.
Captain Slow would never
If that’s the choice they make, so be it!
Best part is I don’t think the girl on the right even realized the other one cheated.
Bread lives matter
Having that amount of success at Arkansas would be objectively more impressive though
People are “spamming you” because the fact that it was an unjust war completely undermines the point you’re trying to make.
👍
I don’t care what your view on what the best system of government is, but you can’t really deny that capitalism does have its fair share of victims. Just to give an example, the entire Atlantic slave trade was a result of the pursuit of profit. Not only did that kill untold numbers of people, but it also led to the deeply entrenched racism that we have seen in society. If you still think capitalism is the best possible system, that’s fine, that’s a perfectly valid opinion. But you don’t really do yourself any favors by ignoring the very real costs that capitalism comes with.
Then I think we’re basically in agreement, I’m not against capitalism in general, just think it is flawed, and also would hope we can move past it at some point.
&gt; Roethlisberger couldn’t stop beating his meat Uh, what?
Cmon guys don’t downvote good trash talk
Buck used to be pretty bad, but he’s good now. He’s come a long way from his iconic “Mitchell” call lol
I’m sorry but did you actually think this out before you commented? Aside from being a completely asinine point, this argument doesn’t even make you come off any better. Was it morally wrong to be homosexual until your country got rid of laws explicitly criminalizing it? How do you reconcile this with the fact that different countries allow different things? Does your morality change based on what country you’re in?
Someone in the front row: “Why is the goalpost ringing?”
