Yo but what if attack helicopter was a gender
This is the future the left wants.
You realize all of the things he said they needed to do to protect state secrets, they actually did, right?
Is it completely absurd to you that the Soviet Union would have people who valued the state over the people? I know some people here refuse to listen to anything bad about them because they wore red, but that kind of attitude definitely existed. This is reflected by the fact that they tried to cover up the fatal flaw of the RBMK reactor instead of fixing the problem in order to protect their reputation.
Yeah but that doesn't hit the algorithm as much.
"No one can ever criticize anything the Soviet Union did, or else it's just anticommunist propaganda, even if it was true. Making sure that everyone thinks all Socialists support everything they did is a great idea." Yeah ok, cool.
Just because arguments are made in bad faith doesn't mean they're wrong.
&gt; If overall you want to abolish prisons and the police I imagine that the test's vision of the auth left is the Soviet Union, which had those things in spades. Hell, I see lots of people in this sub that still want some form of mass incarceration for the people they don't like and defend gulags.
This specific episode doesn't really talk about politics at all. It's mainly just Alan Moore monologuing about weird mystical stuff and religion. For the podcast in general, the hosts are way less abrasive than the posters on the sub.
Well now you've switched from "their politics are objectively bad" to "the people on the sub are assholes." If that's your new stance then I won't really try to argue against it.
Juche Gang time
How would you think we were done with wars during the 2010s? We've been at war since 2001.
Grayson was cut short by a lot because DC decided that Dick had to become Nightwing again for their Rebirth branding. "Getting back to basics" wasn't really worth it when you had to cancel Dick's best solo series aside from when he was Batman under Morrison.
You're missing my point. In what year did anyone think the wars would stop? They kept coming and at no point did something happen which would indicate they were over.
It's possible DC just forgot.
Find one not-photoshopped image of someone with those hair/eye colors.
I assume you've renounced your American citizenship?
Spock shit on McCoy for his human "inferiority" all the time. Neither of them were serious, as they were both close friends. We saw what happens when real racism happened on the Enterprise bridge when [one guy accused Spock of being a traitor because he looked like the Romulans.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MV9c2fj9iPM)
&gt; Batman I would definitely argue his Batman is out of character. He's always been grim and very arguably suffering from a form of mild PTSD, but to write that he's literally suicidal and that his adventuring is the only thing keeping him from opening his wrists is really dumb.
&gt; before he found his outlet. The way it's framed is that he's still definitely suicidal, he just distracts himself. If he stopped being Batman he would kill himself. That was kind of a big point of I Am Suicide's theme. Also even if you just counted when he was a kid it's still out of character. [It's been pretty established that fairly quickly after his parents' deaths he decided to channel that sadness into his mission.](https://www.colorado.edu/sites/default/files/attached-files/batman_1.jpg) At no point has any origin story hinted at the notion that he was on the brink of killing himself and decided that the whole superhero thing would be a great way to keep from doing that. It is wholly an invention of King's and something that he seems to want to insert into every story he writes.
&gt;It's not a monarchy at all. Every member of the Kim family has been elected by the totally real and not for show elections. The reason it passes from father to son is just coincidence and because of how much they love their family. -Juche Gang
\&gt; spamming the same pasta multiple times in the same thread be better
Well first of all I would disagree that Snyder is always a great writer, and I had a number of problems with his Batman run as well. But more to your point, I think there is a big leap from the brief period of depression after Bruce's parents died, to the "suicide is an integral part of who Batman is" approach that King has. Even if you can arguably find precedent, I think that making all Batman stories become framed that way makes them worse.
A few times in your post, you use phrases like "you can" and "it's aceptable to." I'm not saying that it's impossible to work that into Batman's story, or like I said before, find a way to justify it with precedence. What I'm arguing is that that read on his motives and personlity is bad in the sense that it makes the story worse. It's like when Kevin Smith retconned that Batman pissed himself in that iconic Year One scene; sure it can be logically justified, but it definitely makes it a worse scene. I believe that Batman has had an unfortumate trend of becoming grimmer and grimmer, to the point that he is almost a parody of his former self. All other aspects of his personality get stripped away in favor of depression and brooding (I think that part of this was to "make room" for his expanding supporting cast, but that's a different conversation.) Taken in this context, the whole "Batman is literally suicidal" is yet another step down that line, and an extreme one at that. It also seems to have the side purpose of giving a *really* bad take on why Bruce and Selina work together. Adding something like that to Bruce's core characterization recontextualizes everything, and in a bad way.
I know Tim fans love that story, but honestly that felt just a little too fan-servicey to me and out of character for Ra's.
Damian wasn't meant to replace Tim. Morrison introduced him with the intent to "put all of the toys back in the box" by killing him off. He ended up being popular enough that DC editorial decided he needed to be brought back from the dead.
Right, but that was supposed to be temporary. This is supported by the fact that his initial reason for leaving was because he needed to find Bruce, who only stayed "dead" for a couple years or so. I think the New 52 scrambled a lot of plans for the characters.
&gt; Cynically destroying Stalin's entire reputation Are you suggesting that it is better to lie to the people so long as it serves the state? Not to mention that by refusing to admit what Stalin did, you run the greater risk of it happening again.
[It's Adam West Time](http://deconstructingcomics.com/Batpoles/movievillains.jpg)
Winick has at least scored a few good comics.
lmao an unironic "Stalin did nothing wrong" post.
It was great when the twist was "He didn't assassinate Selina's character, he just assassinated Holly's."
&gt; No one cares if I say "i'm going to rape and eat Tom Cruise" I think that might technically be illegal too.
&gt; if they're living off of savings Usually those savings aren't just money in the bank. They're invested capital that the retiree can pull from. In theory it's the same thing as the capitalist class (especially if you have a sizable retirement fund.) My point is that the line isn't always super clear cut.
You really need to work on your ability to detect sarcasm
Did you read the article I replied to? China has that too. In *addition* to that, they have the megacorp one that makes sure that you don't say anything they don't like on social media. "Yeah but America" is a lazy response to criticism of other states, especially if you already believe America is bad.
Why do some Funhaus videos have "Funny Moments" as part of the title while others don't? They seem to be the same format; is it just arbitrary?
He was basically making a joke about how everything is owned by a giant conglomeration. This comment brought to you by Pepsi-Disney-Viacom-Raytheon, a family company.
I've tried searching, but it's such a vague request with no specific keywords, I've turned up nothing.
I just want to say how extra ridiculous Ivy's new design is. They wanted to give her the "all skin and fatty tissue is gone, all that remains is the muscle" look, but they decided to imply that her boobs are made out of muscle so that she still has them. Like I think it's a bad design regardless, but that just makes it extra stupid: "She's going to look primal and monstrous, but God forbid she doesn't still have big ol titties."
&gt;I'm usually not one for false flags The US has done this exact thing numerous times over the last century to gin up support for war. It's not some outlandish conspiracy theory.
Thanks, I was able to ctrl-f through that episode's script and found "AOL-Time Warner-Pepsico-Viacom-Halliburton-Skynet-Toyota-Trader Joe's" as the owner of Manatee Fair. Solved!
L I V I N G W A G E
delete this
It's not much longer than a yard of linen.
This could be said about literally everyone.
&gt; In comics they haven’t been a serious couple since the early nineties. This is also when pretty much all the Titans got put into perpetual arrested development.
Hence why I said "pretty much all." Dick was never as intrinsically tied to the Titans as the rest of them for obvious reasons.
It's the same as when they suddenly become militantly pro-LGBTQ when it allows them to demonize Muslims.
&gt; Estimates are by 2030 China will be consuming all global uranium production. Source?
This may shock you, but we have "bread lines" under capitalism already. It's called SNAP.
Everything you say is based off of right wing talking points as opposed to facts. It's all just buzzwords and vague notions about how Bernie's social democratic policies will somehow create a famine. before you respond, try backing up anything you say with evidence.
I'm glad that you've apparently learned one slogan about what socialism is. Workers can own the means of production without direct management by the state. There are numerous different socialist philosophies and economic theories, despite the fact that you seem to think it consists solely of "Stalin owns all your stuff." Show me where in Bernie's platform he wants the government to own all porn sites, which apparently is the most important thing to you.
&gt; death toll in the hundreds of millions. You're seriously going to pretend to know what you're talking about and then start quoting the black book? If we're allowed to somehow attribute every death that happened under Communism to Communism itself (as opposed to the Soviet Union's authoritarianism, or in many cases just famine/war) then I've got bad news about Capitalism. Also I'm calling BS on you knowing anything about what any of those people wrote. You've made it abundantly clear that your only exposure to Socialist thought is through right wing internet idiots. Tell me what books by those people you've read, as opposed to memes from TD.
Quick tip: say "transgender people" as opposed to "transgenders"
It's actually fairly short for a post in this sub
So now you've shifted to "high taxes will make the rich people leave" which has nothing to do with Socialism or what happened in the Soviet Union. Just admit you have no idea what you're talking about and are simply repeating what conservatives online told you. That is unless you can offer an actual substantive critique of socialist theory. Also, addressing the only concrete (yet still wrong) argument you made, the CBO showed that we spend more on healthcare now than we would under universal healthcare. If it was so impossible, then how does almost every other developed nation offer it?
Your arguments are all over the place and make no sense. First you argued that Bernie's policies would lead to Soviet style dystopia, and when I asked how you said that because all the rich people would leave. That didn't make any sense because that's not why the Soviet Union turned out the way it did because that didn't happen there. When I pointed this out, you shifted the goalposts to saying that the Soviet Union turned out the way it did because it closed the borders? Never mind the fact that everything Bernie has proposed has already been implemented in other countries without all the rich people leaving. *Also* the fact that socialism is not "taxing the rich" despite what Fox told you. &gt;when you effectively make that factory owner a slave This is one of the dumbest takes I've ever seen and really exemplifies your understanding of how Socialism works. For the love of God gather your arguments into a coherent thought that actually critiques socialism itself as opposed to buzzwords. Also a reminder that you admitted you have no idea what you're talking about when pressed on what socialist works you've read.
What's "exactly what happened"? That people got taxed at 90%? What fucking history book are you reading?
&gt; Communism is mostly about stripping away individual property rights and pooling all resources together in a collectivist way Right off the bat you're wrong. Personal Property =/= Private Property.
Are you a teenager? I was that height/weight in college, but "filled out" eventually.
&gt; So then we aren’t talking about property itself per-say, but usage. Well yes, how and by whom it is used is one of the things that separates private and personal property. If you somehow owned a factory that you operated all by yourself, it would be personal property. &gt;I’m not talking about “owning” his work, I’m talking about me profiting off of his labor Marx would say these two things are the same. By extracting the value produced by his labor, you are claiming that you have a right to it, thereby excercising ownership over it. Under communism, everyone owns the right to their own labor. &gt;How is it not utopian to consider everyone will magically care for each other and have no selfish desires? It's not that utopian. We already have a number of communally owned things: parks, roads, anything involving a co-op, etc. &gt;How will the disallowance of rents and other forms of minor private property usage be enforced without a hierarchical system? Well the specifics of that depend on where the person you ask would fall on the anarchist&lt;-&gt;authoritarian spectrum. It could be done through centralized planning, possibly bottom-up communal organization, or a number of other approaches. I would read some actual socialist economic theory before writing off the entire philosophy.
&gt; we all know income is not the same as ownership. I don't this this is as obviously apparent as you suggest. If you don't own the rights to something, at least in part, then how are you justified in taking it? &gt;which any communist will tell you is not the same as worker/communal ownership. The fact that you think that all communists agree on something shows that you haven't spoken to very many of them. A properly democratic society could use "government" ownership as a form of communal ownership. I uses quotes because a communal organization under a proper communist society would look very different than what we currently call government. However, the principle remains the same. &gt;I’ve read enough of socialist economic and political theory What theory would that be? I hope you don't just mean what randos online have said. Actual socialist literature is pretty rigorous in explaining how things would work and why.
&gt; it ignores the many externalities and other factors that account for revenue generation You just said this as a vague assertion without anything to back it up. If you actually read Capital you'd see that Marx doesn't just somehow forget about the capital required to create the means of production. Stop getting your ideas about socialism from internet arguments and actually read a book. &gt;Engels making a living exploiting workers while railing against the system is a perfect example of socialist hypocrisy. I knew this was coming. "If you're wealthy and criticize capitalism, you're a hypocrite. If you're not wealthy, then you just don't understand." Quite a convenient defense. &gt;Then I hire my first employee and am now required to hand over half ownership to him The employee should own what he works to produce. Look, the problem is not so much with your specific situation as much as the systemic issues of capitalism itself. There is no collective ownership of the means of production, so the system often relies on those with wealth and power to take out the loans and what have you. You seem to see everything as criticisms of individual actions as opposed to the economic system by which our society operates. That's why I think you're getting so offended and pearl-clutchy about the suggestion that workers should own what they produce. You've invested a lot into maintaining your spot on top of the capitalist hierarchy and dread the idea of not being above those below you. &gt;Don’t agree with socialism so automatically hate the working class and must have a superiority complex. It's not that you don't agree with socialism, it's that you repeatedly imply that the only reason the poor aren't successful business owners is due to their own failings, and must only be poorer than you because they're worse. Keep going with the straw man, though.
You mean the region that was constantly trading with the fertile Western countries? Also, did you know that the grocery stores overflowing with products is mostly a result of waste/advertising? The average Soviet citizen actually ate about the same as the average American, and had a more healthy diet https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP84B00274R000300150009-5.pdf&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjW5KW49PfiAhUFcq0KHTj4DlMQFjAAegQIBxAC&amp;usg=AOvVaw3QesOSfD6an1pa4dwJeWhI&amp;cshid=1561028737192 This of course stopped when Communism stopped.
Not as bad as the Cyberpunk 2077 sub having a "no politics" rule, which it does.
I'm pretty sure you did
&gt;it's a stupid thing to do. Not if they plan on using this for justification for war.
"partisan politics at the water's edge" but the water's edge is a concentration camp fence.
Yeah it would be better if Bernie spent more on charity instead of a Summer house, and if there was a candidate with the same policies but did so I'd support them. I don't unwaveringly support Bernie like some sort of Trump cult; I just see him as the politician with the best policies. When he does good things I support them. My political philosophy isn't "I love Bernie;" I have a number of problems with him. He just happens to often push for what I do support. Also word salad doesn't just mean sentences you're too dumb to understand. Books are full of them if you'd pick one up.
&gt; if people like Bill gates and Mark Zuckerberg didn't exist the world will still be exactly the same because individual actions don't matter at all If specific individual people didn't exist, that wouldn't change whether we live in capitalism. Is that really a hard concept for you to grasp? You seriously need to work on your reading comprehension if you think that I said that no individual's actions ever does anything. Stop being such an idiot.
As I said below, it's a matter of semantics but I definitely remember teens using "the friendzone" to refer specifically to that.
&gt; people have started to realize that it isn't fair to blame someone for not having reciprocating romantic/sexual feelings I never said, nor meant to imply, that the person who rejected someone is somehow to blame or at fault. It's simply a description of the situation.
If you raise the threshold above 50%, all that does is mean that the faction which advocates for the status quo has a threshold less than 50%. Let's go back to the bridge scenario. If they need 90% to build the bridge, then the people who don't want a bridge only need 10% to not build the bridge. Complete consensus can be extremely difficult to build if you're dealing with thousands if not millions of people (which will inevitably happen when you're in an urban center where decisions can't be isolated on a small commune basis.) There is no way for you to communicate with everyone, and internal factions where people only talk to their side quickly form. Since you're online I hope I shouldn't need too much to back up that statement.
I don't think I follow you. People might oppose a bridge because it takes finite resources to build one. Are you suggesting that without a state, people won't ever disagree with one another?
A technocracy doesn't solve the problem because even if they are all acting selflessly and in good faith (and that's a big "if") then there will always be different groups pushing for different things. The medical association wants the funds spent on a hospital, the civil engineers want the bridge, and the agrarian council wants a new irrigation system.
It does when you're a white, middle class teenager.
MLK did a lot of great things and is rightfully celebrated. He did not, however, personally solve racism because that's not something a single person could do. He was a leader and major voice of the movement, but his actions alone could not have done what was accomplished by the millions who worked in the civil Rights movement. The fact that you're not able to understand that shows how very stupid you are The fact that Bernie owns multiple houses is not a good thing, but I say I don't care because it had nothing to do with my support for the socialist ideology. Does that make him a hypocrite? Maybe, but then so is literally every politician who wants to help the poor. Like I said, my ideology is not based on Bernie Sanders as a person; he just happens to support the things I do. Your logic would have someone disavow the Civil Rights movement because MLK cheated on his wife. Stop being such an idiot.
They're natural enemies.
I was making a groundskeeper Willie joke.
Exploitation of the workers - the reason why they need a union.
Some of the responses definitely sidestepped the question or presumed that compromise is always possible (something I don't totally buy) but the top responses were good. https://www.reddit.com/r/Anarchy101/comments/c3dlt8/what_happens_to_the_minority_in_a_communal/ Essentially while every effort should be made to reach a consensus, sometimes a majority decision is necessary.
Yes, their culture was bad in many ways, such as what you listed among many others. However, the fact that he brought up the "inferiority" of their culture specifically in a thread about how women owned land is very suspicious to me. Especially coming from someone who posts regularly in /r/Conservative and /r/pussypassdenied
&gt; it was 2,000 yen to rent dry clothes That's only like $18. Yeah it's pretty expensive, but not outrageously so given the location.
You say "critical shortage" but I don't think it needs to get to that point. There's always more stuff you *could* build. Maybe the bridge isn't the best example, but I hope the idea behind the hypothetical is clear. Finite communal resources and a near infinite number of possible things to use them on. Choices, often subjective ones, need to be made.
no u
Yeah but he was nice to you if you were white.
I think most voters honestly have no idea what racist shit he's said or done. Go out and talk to anyone who isn't very online, and their only knowledge about him will be that he was Obama's VP.
&gt; Washington’s decision for America to remain neutral in the French Revolution The United States wasn't really in any position to do anything about the French Revolution. They managed to win their own revolution by the skin of their teeth and getting involved in a war between all the empires of Europe would have probably meant they'd get invaded by at least one of them.
It's cue, btw
/r/onionhate
&gt; Literally just for research purposes. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
I never said that, but ok. I was explaining why your example of "MLK didn't do anything because you said he can't single handedly solve the problem he was fighting against" is really dumb. Also I can make an actually argument *and* call you an idiot. I do both because I want to emphasize the fact of how dumb you are. It would be nice if you had an actual argument other than whining that I said a mean thing to you.
Even if one person can't do it alone, they can be part of a mass movement that can affect real change. That's what makes you not alone. MLK didn't get the Civil Rights acts passed, but the millions who fought for years, of which he was a part, did.
I never said the goal was solving racism. You're arguing against a point you made up. There will always be some racist people and attitudes.
So you're back to saying random shit as opposed to making a point, but now with old memes. Have fun.
Honestly yes. The first thing is easily enough to make him one of, if not the worst presidents we've ever had and a deplorable human being. It's still a good thing that he didn't start a war.
Legality is not morality.
It's honestly better than bustin' a nut.
&gt; This is, after all, a dystopian world where the body is no longer a sacred temple, but a playground for technological modification. Something like changing sex and appearance shouldn't be more difficult than any other plastic surgery. I find it odd that you frame this specific aspect of the world as dystopian. I know plenty of people, especially trans people, who think this would be great.
Yeah, but not for that reason. The post I replied to is structured as "This world is dystopian, *and because of that* you can easily get all this surgery done." Plus the lamenting tone about not treating your body "like a temple."
&gt; Framing stuff like that as a negative thing is.... kinda toxic. There is a "right" way to do it, from a cyberpunk anti-capitalist position, which is to highlight the dehumanization of being reduced to a commodity and advertising's ability to play on people's insecurities for profit. However conveying that message without falling into "look how weird and offputting this woman with a dick is; aren't trans people weird?" can be tricky, and hopefully CDPR is able to pull it off.
&gt; We need a state that is the arm of the masses. This is very easy to say, much harder to actually do. Even the US government is "theoretically" in the hands of the people.
You say deserts like that's particularly difficult to monitor, when it's the exact opposite.
&gt; literally tons of explosives FYI this is only like 2 bombs. They're pretty big.
Just saying "because a state is a different thing" doesn't answer his question at all.
You still haven't even answered your own question, "At what point are tribes states." I could very easily argue that a tribe's chief claims authority "separate and above" the rest of the tribespeople. Hell, sometimes they took that to an almost literal interpretation such as when there is a god king. You also need to specify what the phrase "separate and above" means. The official American stance is that the president is simply a citizen who has been asked to temporarily preside over the government. Simply saying that an anarchist structure is not a state is not enough; you need to give material differences between the two.
I know what tha anarchist argument for what a state is. Just because I disagree in some ways doesn't mean I'm ignorant. That's a fairly conceited viewpoint. &gt; In these systems there is no “separation” or administrative bureaucracy and is not a state. You say this without completely backing it up. In the following quote, you again make a subjective distinction without giving an objective delineation. The definition used specifies that for it to be a state, the institutional powers must be "taken away" from the people. Well where do you draw the line between the institutions of an anarchist society, and a democratic state? You follow this up with the common "only legitimate use of force" argument, but even that isn't as clear cut as you make it sound. If a community collectively decides to use force to stop Bob from vandalizing everyone's houses, how do you differentiate between that and collectively deciding that something should be a law, and collectively appointing someone to enforcing those laws? It's all just layers of abstraction.
Right, but it often specifically addresses the failures of how capitalism deals with scarcity. If you're going to give a huge blanket statement like OP did, you need to back it up, like Marx did.
The "original" Teen Titans still look way more cartoony than what they did in 2003. It's almost like a hybrid between the two styles.
&gt; giving a group power to determine what is right and wrong If by power you mean power to ban subreddits, then that day has come and gone long ago. They only pretend to care about some absolute free speech when they want to use it to defend hate speech. The people making that argument would be much quieter if someone they disagreed with was banned.
Didn't posters from r/CTH get banned en masse from a few subs?
&gt;as long as they’re not inciting violence. Yeah so about that, when your hate speech is comprised of "I believe in a white ethnostate where we will forcibly remove all subhuman races" then it's inciting violence. I'm not for deplatforming right wing views I disagree with because they want a lower marginal tax rate.
&gt; the infighting even went as far as killing each other, as far as I'm aware Killing other leftists is actually praxis if they're part of the People's Front of Japan as opposed to the Japanese People's Front.
Then you're going to ban any political sub where someone argues in favor of war or the death penalty. Violence doesn't stop being violence if the state does it.
Repeatedly posting 40% and ACAB is not the same as posting "hey let's all get a militia together and murder these guys."
That was for saying that slaveowners should die, which isn't the same thing for a number of reasons.
Slippery slope is the dumbest argument because it pretends that no one has any ability to differentiate anything. If we make it illegal to commit murder, then what's to stop us from making literally everything ilegal?
Your only discrepency is that one is "illegal" which, again, only determines whether the state approves of the violence or not.
"Killing someone is not violence" Ok
The only difference is whether it's state approved.
&gt; You haven't browsed that sub much, have you lmao you're very wrong on that one. You're going to have to give actual evidence if you want me to believe you.
I'm not saying that *will* happen, I'm just saying that if your ideology is that any and all violence should be banned, then those subs *would* be banned. I doubt most people would say that they should, so there must be a different criteria.
Based on that compilation, I take it you believe people mean "eat the rich" completely literally.
&gt; The death penalty is not physical force Yes it is, what are you talking about? What do you think would happen if a death row inmate tried to not be executed?
You're inserting "direct" to make a point that isn't there.
Damn dude, calm down. You're getting so worked up about shit you're making up in your head. I was making the point that calling for war is still calling for violence, and you just blew up with BUT WHAT ABOUT NUANCE without actually contradicting anything I said.
But you need to justify that one will lead to the other.
I suppose it's the thought that counts. He got the terms completely backwards, but it is really good seeing presidential candidates talking about trans rights.
Well how fair a lot of trials are is highly debatable, and that still doesn't address the people killed by military action.
&gt;I told you why you were dumb You didn't though. You created a strawman argument and then started ranting.
The only thing backing up your assertion that I'm misrepresenting context is that you say so. Actually provide evidence.
Yeah, a lot of people seem to have missed that.
I really wish this bot would link to the post.
I'm honestly kind of split on this, but if someone can explain why my take is bad go ahead. Trump is 100% using the immigrant's suffering as a hostage tool to get more funding for ICE shit, but they also need the funds for humanitarian supplies. Obviously the right answer is to just not lock them up in cages, but Dems can't pick that option with only 1/2 a branch of government. It feels like the option is either fund the concentration camps to make them a little better, or just have them be a shitty as possible.
Nothing he says it's actually a plan. It's all just vague "were going to make it cost less."
If they want people to use it, they could make it illegal to use the cheap stuff which kills the ecosystem. And they did that. Relying on the free market to fix problems like this is really stupid.
The thing I kind of agree with here is that "number of donations" is a far worse metric to measure than "number of donors." It's arbitrary and easily gamed by just having one person breaking up their contributions into smaller increments.
That statistic doesn't really hold up on closer inspection. There's a huge difference between being a wartime president during WWII and starting a war in an election year. The only relatively comparable scenario is Iraq, and Bush was still riding high off of his post-9/11 popularity surge.
Cool, just use that to justify literally every aggressive war.
&gt; Both of them changed drastically by European or Arabian pagan pantheons You say that like the Jewish people weren't doing that from the beginning. There are *tons* of similarities between the various god-like beings in the Torah and other mesopotamic pantheons. Not to mention all of the stuff that was included for contemporary political reasons.
In order to be on the same level as the Suleimani assassination, they'd have to bomb someone like Pence or McConnell.
Not true. He's the second most powerful person in Iran, head of the elite guard, and extremely well known. There's far more at play than rank.
A while back, I saw some old American WWII propaganda cartoon shorts which portrayed Nazi schools as teaching children that Germans were rightfully the wolves to the sheep of other countries. I remember thinking that this was clearly ridiculous exaggeration and no country would willfully portray themselves as a vicious predator. I guess I was wrong.
Blowing up mosques really isn't much better if at all.
Tynion had a good first arc in 'Tec, but it quickly dropped in quality after that. The only redeeming quality was it gave something to people who wanted to see Tim/Cass in something not terrible.
Read the edit that I made shortly before you posted this reply. I'm in no way defending the South, who were explicitly seceding to preserve slavery which they saw at risk. My point was more that the North would not have started a war just to free the slaves. People in the northern states may not have advocated for slavery, but they were still pretty racist and would not be willing to die for them. I'm just really sick of the right wing "actually black people should be grateful to white people because we died to free them" narrative.
If this wasn't anime, people who are "knocked out" get up a minute later unless you give them permanent brain damage and/or put them in a coma.
Adjusted for inflation, New Hope had a $2,106,881,070 box office back in 1977.
I misread this at first as "32 billion donors" and was really confused for a moment.
If we get to a brokered convention, then it's possible at that point that Warren could drop out and tell her delegates to vote for Bernie, but anything goes.
That's more than 1.5 billion.
http://www.thehofellerfiles.com/
&gt; Ben Shapiro is an honest actor and presents his ideas in his recent book on this quite well. This is laughable. He literally wrote a book about how to make bad faith arguments to "own" the left. &gt;I think what people mean by the unifying factors is the shared colonialism The majority of Europe were not colonial powers &gt;art and philosophy The art and philosophy of one side of Europe is very different than the other. &gt;a shared political philosophy and political culture of democracy and freedom This is not true at all. Do you think that Europe has the only democracies on Earth? Are they the only ones who value freedom? Benny has no knowledge of history and is talking way outside of his depth 99% of the time. He's not smart, he just talks fast.
This isn't the first time she's leaked his files. The last time she did it, they were used in a Supreme Court case to successfully strike the citizenship question from the census. They also got North Carolina's district map struck down as blatant racial targetting. So yeah, her actions have actually made a huge difference in allowing the voices of millions to be heard, as well as protecting the safety of undocumented immigrants. Anarchist praxis &gt; ML nihilism
&gt; The idea of the Western world comes through looking at the rich countries and looking for similarities. The only thing they have in common with each other that they don't have with other regions of the world is that they're white. &gt; I'd argue they would be democracy (comes from Greece) Again, democracy is not exclusively European. Saying that it is due to the fact that Greece is part of some grand European history is begging the question. &gt;Judeo-Christian values (comes from middle east and Europ There is no such thing as "Judeo-Christian values." Even the idea that Judaism would be included in "European culture" would be considered absurd only 70 years ago. It's a marketting phrase to get evangelicals behind the imperialistic goals of Israel agains the people who live there. Us vs them. &gt;value of science (Europe had it since the renaissance whereas others didn't). You should really learn history before you talk. Are China, Persia, and the Ottoman Empire now in Europe? &gt;Ben is clearly smart No he's definitely not.
&gt; I mean in time. Between 1800 and 1900 Then get your eras correct. You said since the renaissance, which was 400 years prior. You're describing the industrial revolution, which has less to do with culture or philosophy, and more to do with conveniently accessible coal in England.
&gt; It can be used as a way to promote racism, but lots of the time it isn't. We finally agree. You can't just say I agree with you when I don't.
Her dad's dead and she's an adult
The 1890s were called the gilded age, and last time I checked gold is a good thing. Checkmate.
I'm not attacking them personally as if they've robbed someone. I'm pointing out that the system under which they've accumulated that much excess wealth is the problem. You're under the assumption that our current method of allocating money is ultimately completely neutral and proper, therefor any money that someone legally obtained is the amount that they *should* have.
You can definitely have a high level of education and still be an idiot.
&gt; Who are you to say the way they spend their wealth? You really want to argue against a point I'm not making. I'm not attacking them for how they spend their money. I'm attacking the system that resulted in them having that much money while others starve. It's not a failure of the individual. Are you unable to differentiate those points?
You've completely gone off topic and I don't even know what you're referring to at this point.
You're begging the question by assuming that there is some universal metric of "smart." He knows enough about political science to get good grades in school, that doesn't mean he can think critically.
lmao "A bunch of scientists says he doesn't know what he's talking about, therefor he's smart."
It's clear you didn't even read the wikipedia article you're using as your source, because it goes on to talk about the problems with the twin studies. &gt; heritable explicitly refers to traits expressed via genetic variation, not traits explained by the environment. You don't understand what I'm saying. Environmental factors can still e caused by genetic factors and be labelled heritable. Another example of this would be that being a slave in the Antebellum South was heritable.
Ok now you've completely stopped making sense. Your argument has reduced to "anyone whom people agree with is smart." Do you not see how absurd that sentiment is?
&gt; preemptive self defense lol
&gt;We're not retreating, we're advancing! Towards future victory!
So it's impossible for both King and Tynion to have bad runs? Remember that this is the guy behind "masterpieces" like Batman and Robin Eternal.
&gt; None of the papers focus on intra-race intelligence, only intra-familial intelligence. In fact, most of the studies only included white people. Please stop implying I am racist Oh my God work on your reading comprehension. I'm not syaing you're racist, I'm saying that you're using the exact same faulty logic that they do, just to a different end. &gt;Is there an inherent difference between attractiveness and intelligence? One is internal one is not, but both are entirely defined by genetics and the environment (as all things to do with human nature are) Something as straight forward and innate as facial symmetry cannot be compared to something as poorly understood and abstract as intelligence. With every post you only make it more clear you don't know what you're talking about.
By your logic, Trump lost because his actions have turned the entire region against us. I say from an imperialist perspective that's a win. How long before somewhere down the road this causes some justification for Iraq War III?
Truly this is when he's become presidential.
&gt;RotJ sucked for the most part Fite me. The stuff on the Endor moon wasn't great, but everything else was. Jabba's Palace? Great. Space Battle for Death Star II? Great. The entire subplot between Luke/Vader/Emperor? Genuinely some of the best stuff in the franchise.
You're conflating so much to desperately avoid admitting you're wrong. Just stop. Just because people agree with what you say doesn't mean that your words were carefully selected to manipulate followers, thereby making you a genius. Shit like racism speaks to people just because it agrees with prejudiced biases and makes racists feel superior. You don't have to be a genius for that. You're literally at the point where you're arguing that anyone who advocates racism is smart, because racists agree with them.
Your only argument for his intelligence is that racists like him. That's it. "The more racists like you, the smarter you are." Your metric is essentially no different than Twitter followers. Just stop. Take the L.
lmao you're dumb as Hell. No, saying things that people like does not make you smart. It just means you used some platform to give hot takes. Jordan Peterson is more well known than any Troland Research Award winner because he is famously transphobic. Does that make him smarter than all those people? No, it just means he got a bunch of transphobic people to follow him due to him saying what they like. More people follow Kim K than any nobel laureate in Physics.
&gt; Socialism needs no defense. I don't think this strategy is gonna work out well for you. You know all those volumes of theory everyone is supposed to read? A lot of that is a defense of socialism.
I just checked my copy of RotJ. They don't even land on Endor until about halfway through the movie, and then that second half is split three ways between that, the space battles, and the Luke/Vader stuff
Again, 76% heritability correlation does not mean that 76% of intelligence comes from genes. That's what I keep going on about in terms of external and societal factors. If you don't agree with the guy who posted those ridiculous stats, then why waste both of our time defending it? Or is this just more of you not understanding what I'm even arguing and spending a bunch of posts against an imaginary argument you thought I was making?
You become King Chapo if you bang Buttigieg's husband.
It's a digital copy. It took about a minute to pull up the video and scroll to the first Endor scene.
This has nothing to do with polling and is just you posting why you like Yang. It doesn't belong here. Also if you think $12,000 a year is enough to retire or start a business I have bad news for you.
&gt; When someone says "bar", I imagine "nightly activities". No, you only do that when it's about gay people, as evidenced by the fact that you were fine with the sports bar scenario.
Isn't that exactly what they did? The Magna Carta didn't give democracy to the common man; it made the king accountable to a council of lords. The GoT ending was dumb for a lot of reasons, but it would be really out of left field for them to suddenly have democracy when nothing about their material circumstances would have caused it. For contrast, democracy came about in the 18th and 19th centuries because the capitalist class needed to convince the common people to join them in overthrowing the nobility, and giving them a vote was how they did that. Expecting the nobility to just give up all their power because they're really nice would be, as Marx would say, unscientific. All of the lords would immediately kill whatever king decided to sign that law.
[Here's the running averages in Iowa.](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2020/president/ia/iowa_democratic_presidential_caucus-6731.html) Warren dropped a ton over October and November where all of her voters went to Buttigieg, but a lot of that was correcting after she had that surge way back in September. Since then she's been dropping but slowly. All four have had their support go up as less voters care about the bottom 100 candidates.
I'd say a good majority of people in this country believe that if you're successful at business, then you must be smart and should be given power. It's kind of a fundamental requirement of capitalism. That's why a lot of libs' objection to Trump was "actually he was shitty at business."
Having parties was not something that was decided on, it is the natural result of game theory and our electoral system. You can't just "decide to get rid of them." People with aligned political beliefs will join together in order to better accomplish those goals. This was first seen in America with the Federalists and Anti-Federalists regarding the power of the federal government vs the states. Additionally, so long as we have a FPTP voting system, we will be inclined to have 2 major primary parties because any splitting would be a concession to the opponents.
I *am* theory
Yes, centrists enable fascists. That doesn't mean there's no difference between electing a centrist and a fascist.
I'm not saying vote for a centrist if there's a better alternative, that would be stupid. I'm saying that if the choice becomes a feckless centrist who will at best keep the status quo, or an outright fascist who will send us hurdling to the right, then pick the former.
Ok, but it's possible to be even worse than the status quo. I'm saying don't do that.
&gt; The only candidate who is an improvement on the status quo is Bernie. Full stop. I fully agree. That doesn't mean that we couldn't possibly get worse.
I feel like you're intentionally not reading what I'm writing. You're just making up shit for me to say now. At every opportunity, elect people who will actually do something to help. Canvas, phonebank, volunteer, whatever it takes to grow an actual leftist movement. However if the general election comes down to an option of either continuing the bleeding as things continue to get worse, or make the bleeding 10x worse with a side of outright fascism, then pick option A.
This is actually a good point. Sincerely, Train Gang
&gt;As if there's any difference whatsoever between the way they'd vote. I mean if you actually look at their records there's a huge difference. Speicfically if you or your partner has ever had a pregnancy scare then there's a lot at stake. Same goes for environmental shit and civil rights. &gt; You probably think progress is going from 10 men owning 80% of the wealth of the world to 7 men and 2 women owning 80% of the wealth of the world. Yeah, nothing I said plays into your "only cares about idpol" strawman, but go off I guess. You don't actually have an argument, you're just repeating talking points you've heard other people on this sub say.
&gt; reminding everyone how his girlfriend is Rosario Dawson holy shit I thought you were joking until I looked it up.
I'm thinking of running.
&gt; I’m not counting La La Land because that wasn’t a real movie but a two hour advertisement by the LA tourism board I love La La Land and I'll fight everyone here.
1) I didn't say that there is not a single group of people more racist than most Americans, but this "we're actually the least racist people" is the kind of absurdly dumb counter that Trump would try to pull "I'm the least racist person there is anywhere in the world” 2) The United States as a country was objectively founded on genocide and chattel race-based slavery worse than anything going on today 3) The institutional effects slavery and Jim Crow are still very much alive in American society. You've got people at the top of government admitting to the disenfranchisement of PoC, and a blatant white supremacist as a White House advisor. The president started his campaign by labelling Mexicans as rapists.
[Monmouth has always polled Bernie well below the average](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2020/president/ia/iowa_democratic_presidential_caucus-6731.html)
He's going to make a deal with Darkseid where he gives up all of his past relationship with Babs in order to save his newfound dying aunt.
I figured Darkseid would be closer to Mephisto since DC/Vertigo's Lucifer isn't really evil. Also it always feels wrong when they try to mix the Sandman universe with the DC universe "proper" even if they are technically the same.
I'm calling it now: Trump is gonna lose the Democratic primary
Special forces have beards
"I will use military action if it's for American safety" That's the same vague justification used by every previous president.
Oh boy here it comes
CNN is coming after Bernie tonight, but he's on fire.
Steyer 2020: "What they said"
7% is such a weirdly specific number
Yo I need someone who can read lips to tell me what Bernie and Warren said to each other after the debate
Another anecdote: I often use my mom as a barometer for "generic boomer lib" and she texted me during the debate saying that it was a "low blow that makes her seem desperate." It's possible I've just had an influence on her, but I hope that others see this shit for what it is.
&gt; and confirmation from Elizabeth Warren, It's not "confirmation" if it's still just her word against his. Every source they have is just Warren and her surrogates.
I'll have you know that Pizza Hut has been there for over 3,000 years.
I'm speaking of CNN's moderation as a whole. The questions weren't solely decided by one moderator by themselves.
https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2020/01/15/elizabeth-warren-bernie-sanders-debate-audio-liar.cnn They both say the other called them a liar, then Steyer jumps in and tells Bernie he just wanted to say hi.
&gt; It's not like Dems aren't trying to fundraise like crazy. The difference is that traditional fundraising requires the support of the people in order to have money to buy ads. This is especially true for people like Bernie who only accept individual donations instead of super PACs. Just being rich or cozying up to the welathy in a wine cave means that you only have to take into account the interests of the elite. I'd prefer a system that takes fundraising completely out of it and just has an allocated amount you can spend on your campaign, but this would be at least a minor step in the right direction.
&gt; They still need to be voted in, though. It's naive to pretend that getting votes happens in a vacuum outside of any money put into the campaign. The majority of voters are able to be swayed by enough of a media campaign telling them how topics should be viewed or the framing of certain issues. If this wasn't true, then why would candidates worry so much about fundraising? Surely they could just get by on their message. If you have a candidate with $100 to spend and one with $100 million, it shouldn't make a difference. &gt;unless money is all that really matters in an election, in which case we should probably reassess whether or not democracy is a feasible option to begin with. Money isn't the only thing that matters, but it matters a lot. The best way to handle the disparity would be to get money out of democracy.
Trump was an anomaly due to the millions in free press he got by constantly saying outrageous, headline-grabbing things. If you look at elections as a whole, the data is really clear. A couple outliers don't discredit the facts. If money didn't matter, then why would candidates spend so much time fundraising? [90% of House seats and 80% of senate seats go to the person who spends the most](https://fivethirtyeight.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/mkb-spending-09-10.jpg?w=575)
You keep speaking as if money either doesn't matter and the rich and powerful should be able to spend as much as they'd like to sway opinion (which apparently wouldn't do anything anyways) or Money is the only thing that ever matters. It's a blatant false dichotomy.
Now you're just making up a hypothetical scenario in your head based on a hunch where it wouldn't work instead of using facts.
Ask yourself this: if it didn't matter how much money you have to spend, then why do candidates devote so much time to raising funds? Are they all just stupid?
What you're describing is a systemic advantage to those who allow themselves to be in the pocket of corporate interests, and in that respect I agree with you. That's what the thread is discussing - how to diminish or get rid of the rich's ability to buy politicians. If your solution is just to make it so that all politicians should start taking bribes, then that's gonna be a hard pass. &gt;Saying "oh he'll get enough small donations to make up for it" is LUNACY. He's raised an enormous amount of money through grassroots fundraising. You're going to have to give a reason why his fundraising will suddenly dry up other than you really think it will.
The same way we already restrict donations from other people.
It's not a bandwagon fallacy, it's acknowledging that for over a century there have been people whose entire career is motivated and supported by knowing how to win elections. It would take some exceptional evidence to suggest that none of them realized the secret that they're wasting their time raising money.
He *is* the big donor. Why don't we just abolish congress and give the ability to write laws to whatever company has the highest net value?
M-M'
I'm gonna be real with you; I'm not saying you're wrong, but I definitely don't have time to read a 50+ page paper right now
What the hell is that image hosting site?
[It peaked back in November.](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2020/president/us/2020_democratic_presidential_nomination-6730.html) Of course a lot of shit can change after Iowa, but he's nowhere near as strong as when he was pulling all of Warren's support after she lost her brief lead.
He's cultivating mass.
[I'm pretty sure Batman has boobs here](https://img.purch.com/h/1400/aHR0cDovL3d3dy5uZXdzYXJhbWEuY29tL2ltYWdlcy9pLzAwMC8yNzMvNTYxL29yaWdpbmFsL0JBVE1BTlNVUEVSTUFOMDA2X1ZhcmlhbnRDb3Zlci5qcGc/MTU3OTI3NzQxOQ==)
I'm curious why the Sandman box set doesn't include the Death miniseries.
Every time this take gets posted, the definition of fascism means less and less.
&gt; beating the shit out of petty criminals for commiting crimes likely inspired by their impoverished material conditions The vast majority of the time, he's going after supervillains or mob bosses. &gt; when he could instead just use his wealth to improve their communities and conditions as a far more functional method of reducing crime. He does that.
[The song slaps, btw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k23yjt4Nzn8)
Not really. Rorschach isn't even a Batman proxy, he's a satire of The Question and Steve Ditko.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unknown_Pleasures
Do you mean Star Trek movies or movies in general? Because there are still tons of amazing movies that consist primarily of talking.
I would imagine the whole "instant rehabilitation" could go really bad really fast.
Jewish people don't really have Hell in the same way Christians do.
The same way it's legally the bar's fault if they serve alcohol to a minor with a fake ID. e: I'm not making a moral judgement, just explaining how the law works.
explain
Just a reminder that the 15% threshold does not apply state wide, but on a caucus level. Anyone close to the threshold (ie basically everyone) will meet it in some places and won't in others. Essentially it's a series of bell curves. Hell, there might be one or two places where Yang has a weirdly concentrated support and pick up a few.
The press is one of the few things where I'm not sure if something as simple as "nationalize it" would be a good idea. Until we're WAY further along in the whole socialism thing, nationalization is just giving the power to the state, and I believe that it's critical that the press be allowed to work antagonistically to state powers. A sort of compromise might be state funded but independently controlled, sort of like the BBC, but as we've seen that has problems too.
That's only on a county level. It's really unlikely that anyone in that top tier wouldn't meet the threshold in at least some of the county caucuses.
Median is if you were to line all the values up from smallest to largest, what value would be in the middle. Average (or more accurately, "mean," since median is a type of average) is adding up all the values and then dividing by the number of values. Median is often more useful because it's less susceptible to extreme outliers. For example if you had 99 people who all had somewhere between $0-$10,000 in savings, but 1 guy with a billion dollars, the median would be around $5,000, but the mean would be over $10 million.
You think Communism is where the state owns everything? Communism explicitly calls for the abolition of the state.
Yeah, that's his instruction on how to achieve communism. He's not saying that the act of seizing powers for the state *is* Communism.
Relatively, this poll looks good for Bernie. They don't go into a ton of detail about their methodology [on their page](https://www.focusonruralamerica.com/2020/01/20/january-poll-results/) aside from just saying "a mix of landlines and cell phones" but these are the same people who had Bernie at only 7% in their last poll back in September when he was averaging 17% with everyone else. It looks like they're sampling older people way more than other pollsters. I think Iowa is really going to come down to who actually shows up, which is almost impossible to know at this point.
&gt;Capitalism does not permit an even flow of economic resources. With this system, a small privileged few are rich beyond conscience, and almost all others are doomed to be poor at some level. That's the way the system works. And since we know that the system will not change the rules, we are going to have to change the system.
I live in Columbus and I think most people here would say that we're on the Olentangy more than the Scioto. It runs right through the middle of the city whereas the Scioto kind of runs outside of it until they meet up. The Olentangy is used as a major landmark and a point of reference for where you are.
What I mean is that their model weights older voters more than other models
But why does that create drama
Thunderdome
Plus 7% is still about 1/13. Those odds aren't terrible.
Honest question about LTV: Who "creates" the value if a single person creates a work that becomes absurdly popular and makes a billion dollars? It would be difficult for that to be valid back in Marx's time, but with digitial distribution, one movie/game/song/other digital work of art can be replicated and sald infinite times with no additional labor.
&gt; I lingered a little longer into that shithole /r/politics That actually surprises me. Take a look at the front page; the sub has fully gotten behind Bernie at this point. edit: I just checked the comments on the story over there. They're all shitting on Hillary
Obama has publicly said that he will not officially endorse anyone until the convention. That being said, Biden's whole campaign is "I was Obama's VP" which kind of acts the same way.
It's based on polling data, which while definitely not perfect, on average will get you the right answer. 7% chance to win is still ~1/13 which is not terrible. It *would* be easy to prove if polls were consistently wrong or no better than random guessing.
&gt; Please note all top level comments must be a poll/link to a poll. Basically don't just make a top level post in this thread that's about something that's not a poll.
Engels was a capitalist factory owner.
[mfw](https://ih1.redbubble.net/image.744897268.3030/flat,750x,075,f-pad,750x1000,f8f8f8.u4.jpg)
Biden's polling average is essentially unchanged since July. Every other candidate surges and falls, but his support seems extremely consistent.
I'll play devil's advocate and say that with digital distribution, an artist or software developer could conceivably single-handedly create a billion dollars worth of use value spread out over hundreds of millions of people.
That can't be her real name, can it?
Almost the entirety of the footnotes in Capital are "X and other vulgar economists like him are wrong and dumb af."
Internet? Nowadays there are plenty of independently created games/songs/whatever that get put on whatever relevant marketplace.
Obviously everyone relies on society and its services in some fashion, but we don't usually take that into account in other instances of the calculus to determine who generates value. We don't say that the guy who worked in the water purification center generated a percentage of the value of a car because the workers drink water. If you did, then I have to assume it would be a tiny amount.
Kiki's is insanely popular; probably right below Mononoke and Spirited Away. How is it underrated?
&gt; As long as private insurance is around specialists will be around. If private health care goes away specialists go away because the government isnt going to pay extra for specialists. It's clear you have no idea what you're talking about. There are plenty of specialists in the NHS.
The problem is you don't know what a cult of personality means. It doesn't just mean "people really like him." People support Bernie because of the policies he pushes for, not because of who he is personally. Or do you think that there's just something about a grumpy old Jewish man that captures millenials like no other?
&gt;what do you even do with that. There are dozens if not hundreds of sci-fi stories that deal with some sort of forerunner civilization
It's not "multiculturalism" it's having the power of one ethnic group being held by another with historic conflict between them with no concern for existing cultural boundaries and networks. To try and compare it to people of different races living together in Western countries like you're doing is nothing short of racism.
This post is a lie and out of date. Between January 23 and January 24, Yang's average raised from 3.6 to 4.0. That's an increase of 11% in just one day! That means at this rate, Yang will be polling at over 267048494% by the convention on July 13. **\#MATH**
&gt;A spectre is haunting America - a big fat vape cloud -The Joe Rogan Manifesto
So why not disband the military? We shouldn't have big government doing that. Individual contractors would be better. Anyone who wanted a military action to take place should personally hire some contractors to do it for them. We could have all law enforcement work this way - nothing but mercenaries and private security. &gt;Economy(yes we know how much truckers run this economy) Are you really so dense as to not understand the massive economic boon the interstate system is? http://www.publicpurpose.com/freeway1.htm#econ &gt;Currently a military doctor (socialized medicine makes about 60k a year not including benefits which can bring it up to about 80k if you use them all) civilian side of things about 150k out the door. So your whole argument rests upon the idea that all doctors would suddenly start being paid military rates? You realize that never happened in any other country that implemented universal healthcare, right? Additionally, you don't have data that switching to nationalized systems would reduce the number of doctors. This is another example of you "sourcing" a tangential fact, but not the one that backs up the core of your argument. Just stop and admit you have no idea what you're talking about. &gt;Which would be really bad idea as the government running things means it would get worse and worse. You're right, we should get rid of public education and go back to the days when only the rich could learn to read. This is your problem; you start from some Fox News axiom as a base truth and assume everything flows from there. Giving more impoverished people the chance to become doctors would 100% increase the amount of doctors. Do you know the WHO ranks the privatized US healthcare system as 37th worldwide? There are tons of nationalized healthcare systems ahead of us, despite your baseless claim that government run systems are always worse, and a number of them have even less population density than we do (just to preemptively dismiss your argument that the US is magically different because its people are more spread out.) Additionally, those countries spend way less than we do per capita. That's the core of your argument, isn't it? That nationalized healthcare would result in worse overall care? However all the evidence disagrees. The facts don't actually back up your bs hypothetical scenarios that you're so sure would happen.
&gt; I was given a public education, its trucking pitiful and a joke from a traditional one that can be bought. The alternative to public education for the poor is not a fancy private education, it's no education. The same is true for healthcare. &gt;Are they averaging all hospitals, specialized hospitals ones in cities or in rural areas. Ones that are over manned or under manned. The countries cut costs in things like medication and technology. They're taking a wholistic view of how healthcare works in the country. The fact that you're now thinking you know more about healthcare than the WHO is sad. Again, plenty of countries on that list are more rural and spreadout than the US. &gt;OR HAVE YOU FORGOT AMERICA LEADS THE WORLD IN MEDICAL INNOVATION. If by this you mean more drugs are made by American companies, then that's not the same thing as healthcare. [Also most American medical innovation is funded by the government.](https://www.cbc.ca/news/health/drugs-government-funded-science-1.4547640) &gt;I've done a ton of research lol ok. You don't do research to find out what the answer is, you just look up new talking points for your pre-determined opinion. You're like anti-vaxxers who "do their own research" by Googling "how do vaccines cause autism." All of the healthcare professionals disagree with you. &gt;You know why cause we have these things called states. Don't lie to me and say that you would support it if it were implemented on a state level. "It should be left to the states" is always the rallying cry of Conservatives when they just don't want something. When they do, then it's suddenly an exception. You can't just implement M4A on the state level because there's already a ton of federal systems in place for how helathcare works, and they don't mix.
So many comments in here acting like this disproves everything leftists want, as if this isn't exactly what Marx spent 3 volumes explaining in Das Kapital. Yes, capital has a natural tendency to concentrate within the hands of the very few while most live off of nothing *and that's the problem.*
Keep in mind most lecturers at universities are not actually professors.
&gt; I just told you how to solve that issue its called the voucher system. Its more like public/private school. But thanks for not reading. I read your rant on voucher systems, I just didn't comment on it because it was yet another example of you getting wildly off topic. &gt;Sorry did you get an education? Do know the roles of the governments. Its not a conservative talking point its a fucking founding father talking point. It's a conservative talking point to say that X should be left up to the states out of principle, until it's something that they like, in which case then it becomes a national issue. Like how the South was for "states rights" when it came to slavery, but sang a different tune when it came to the Fugitive Slave Act. Conservatism has always been built on hypocrisy and bad faith arguments. &gt;Medical care was not in the constitution which means its on the states to figure out what to do with this. Interstate commerce &gt;Now stop attacking me can come up with something that doesnt cost 30 more tril of debt. Till someone comes up with a 0 sum plan i wont hear shit. We spend more on healthcare now than we would with m4a &gt;change my mind. Please don't start with the insufferable Crowder routine where you demand a debate where you choose the winner. If your political stances are as childishly simplistic as "government + money = bad" then I don't know what to tell you. That alone is a massive discussion, and if all of your other views stem from that intractable belief, then just say that and save us both some wasted time. I've already down you plenty of facts and evidence about how government run healthcare performs far better than ours. You're not interested in the truth.
You got data to back that up? Because the polls have Bernie beating Trump in places like Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania.
It's an exponential curve, so someone in the top 5% is still way closer to someone in the 10th percentile than the 1st.
There's a huge difference between Sanders losing Iowa (which Biden will too according to this poll) and him losing enough of the midwest to cost him the election. That's what you don't have any data to support.
Once again, I need to remind people that the 15% threshold is per district, not statewide. She would still get some delegates unless she came in under 15% in every single district. Basically, anyone close to 15% will qualify for delegates in some districts while missing the threshold in others. 270 to win's current estimate for delegate allocation is * Biden 13 * Sanders 10 * Buttigieg 10 * Warren 8
Even if you combined Warren and Klobuchar into a NYT endorsement Voltron candidate, she would still lose to Bernie.
Well Biden said he would consider a Republican VP, so yes.
&gt; And the centrist democrats represent districts with voters that are critical to winning elections, I mean, doesn’t that count for something? Again, you're treating them as objective measure of what is best electorally, as if they're statisticians or political science experts. They are 100% biased in terms of supporting candidates who agree with them. It's like the constant op-eds from Republicans who say that in order to win, Democrats need to start adopting Republican positions.
No you just over explained the joke he made, making it less funny.
&gt; I provided the data, you didn't like it. "I didn't like it" is one way of saying it didn't back up your claims. &gt;I pointed out that progressives aren't winning in midwest, you don't care. Bernie wins in the midwest, I've established that.
We've come full circle because your arguments rely on themselves to hold water. We move on from one point and then you get tired of that and go to one that you've already moved on from. You keep hopping back and forth on whether you want to talk about congressional races or presidential ones.
&gt; the political lean of a district, This is the problem with your argument. You see all politics as a simple 1D line between left and right, and everyone votes for whomever they're closest to. It's the same faulty logic that led to Schumer's terrible gamble I mentioned earlier. Politics has so many more factors than where on a single spectrum someone falls. That's why a Dem that pushes for strong labor protections like Sherrod Brown can win in red states, but one that pushed for left cultural issues like is popular in SF would get trounced. If your analysis were true, then whatever candidate was the most centrist would always win the presidency.
But your mindful decision (created from a false dichotomy, but whatever) means that you should just choose whomever would appeal to the most centrists. Biden's support of standard Democratic platforms like ACA and environmental regulation might alienate some potential Republican voters. Why not nominate a moderate Republican? Maybe Joe Manchin. Oh, and that means we should never nominate a woman or someone from the LGBT community either, since that might alienate sexists or homophobes. Obama worked out that one time but we shouldn't risk it again.
But pushing for further left policies like Biden's is not as important as winning the presidency. If you move further to the right, you'd have a better shot at winning. Why not do that? You shouldn't be so idealistic.
But you're arbitrarily picking the "happy medium" where you're satisfied with the trade off between getting what you want and maximizing swing vote appeal. Any argument you could make for picking Biden over Bernie, I could make for picking the R-lite over Biden.
&gt; The data I provided are unique to Biden and Bernie matching up to Trump in a general election. No, you specifically linked to the articles claiming that the more centrist candidate does better. Stop lying. &gt;if you keep reducing the argument to logical fallacies by using extreme examples It's not a fallacy if you don't distinguish what the fundamental difference is. You don't just get to dismiss the logical extension of your logic by crying "fallacy!"
&gt; Here is where the theory becomes void. If a candidates goes too far right, then they won't win the nomination. But if a centrist was running for the nomination, then you would surely be arguing that we should vote for him. After all, the sources say he'd do the best in the general. Be consistent. You keep switching the logic. Saying you wouldn't support someone in the primary because they wouldn't win the primary is tautological. &gt;Bud, go to bed, I don't know why we carried this conversation on so long. I always love the "stop replying so I can have the last word" posts.
I just hope that Pete becomes untenable by the time my state's primary rolls around so my dad will hopefully drop him for Bernie without any unpleasant political arguments (I'm pretty sure he voted Bernie in 2016.)
"I know you are but what am I?" Is how you're going to go out on this? I've explained the problem with your justification and you just keep arguing in circles in order to maintain that you choose Biden because of how reasonable you are instead of how conservative you are. I fully acknowledge I choose Bernie because of my ideology, you're the only one here pretending that your decisions are based off of some 4d chess moves based on your better understanding of politics.
NH is looking to be a lock for Bernie. It's ridiculous to me that NBC's headline for this story is ["Poll: Sanders, Buttigieg top Democratic field in New Hampshire."](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/meet-the-press/poll-sanders-buttigieg-top-democratic-field-new-hampshire-n1122366) At this point Bernie could win the nomination and the headline would be "Primary continues to be a dead heat race."
It's not a matter of accepting your political beliefs. It's that you pretend that your reasoning for choosing Biden is different/smarter than my reasoning for choosing Bernie. It's not; it's the same. The only difference is your conservatism. Even now you keep trying to reframe the truth instead of admitting that fact. You spent so long trying to explain why your decision is the objectively superior one when really that's the only difference.
&gt; someone told me that their ideal ticket was Trump/Bloomberg. This one is at least ideologically consistent. It's the ultimate billionaire ticket designed to help the wealthy.
&gt; The problem is mental health. [You're objectively wrong](http://homelessresourcenetwork.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/Causes-of-Homelessness.jpg) The cause of homelessness is the price of homes and poverty. You're right that there are more than enough houses to give everyone a home, but we as a society decided that if you don't have enough money then you don't get one.
It's far more difficult to get section 8 housing than you want to suggest.
I'm just stating a fact. If it's your belief that we need to let people live and die on the streets in order for them to properly respect houses, then that's on you. Personally I believe a human life is worth more than a house
If your worry is the cost, institutionalization is about the worst solution.
&gt;don't know if he's running in NV or SC He's not. His strategy is to go full force on Super Tuesday.
If you're specifically dealing with the narrow issue of chronic homelessness and not homelessness in general, then I'd probably agree with you, but that seems removed from the issue that OP is talking about
It's definitely starting to look like Iowa is going be between Biden and Bernie, with Buttigieg pulling in 3rd. Who wins at this point just depends on which poll you use. I'd be very curious to see a meta-analysis to compare the polls with Bernie ahead against those with Biden ahead to see if/how their weighting and methods differ.
The guy I'm replying to specifically cited the last poll, which was the one I referred to. Calm down.
Taking both extremes at the same time to just barely put Pete ahead is really bad practice, and definitely not what people mean when they say "within the margin of error."
&gt; based on the etymological fallacy of the word originally meaning "womb men" That's not even true. It comes from the Old English word "wifman" which meant "female man" ("man" used to be a gender-neutral term, with the male form being wereman.)
I understand how it's used, and for MoE is typically used to roughly represent a statistical standard deviation. That means that there's only a ~15% chance that a candidate is at or beyond the MoE. For *both* candidates to be at their extremes of the MoE would be about 2% chance. That's what I mean by "bad practice." It may be technically possible, but it's *very* unlikely and you shouldn't pretend otherwise.
Copied from my response to the other guy: &gt;I understand how it's used, and for MoE is typically used to roughly represent a statistical standard deviation. That means that there's only a ~15% chance that a candidate is at or beyond the MoE. For both candidates to be at their extremes of the MoE would be about 2% chance. That's what I mean by "bad practice." It may be technically possible, but it's very unlikely and you shouldn't pretend otherwise. Also I used that specific poll because that was the poll in question.
The only way Picard got "the core principles of the show" wrong was by using existing frameworks in a new way as opposed to remaking TNG. I'm pretty sure if DS9 came out today, Mike would be making the exact same criticisms.
&gt; Governorships are rather different than Congressional races and Presidential races This is exactly my point: all different types of races are different. Just because moderates perform best for house seats doesn't mean having a progressive at the top of the ticket will hurt them.
&gt; 17% of Warren supporters chose Klobuchar as their second choice Considering they share almost no ideological similarities, these voters must be either in the camp of "anyone so long as it's a woman" or were somehow actually swayed by the NYT double endorsement.
So many of their criticisms here could be applied to DS9, which was among the best of old Trek. They'll only be happy if they just remake TNG forever and never do anything new, but then they'd give it the same criticisms as they do star wars.
They bite down on a capsule before spitting acid.
[Time is a flat circle](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DV9KSoHW0AAKjaC.jpg:large)
Who would win? A mass workers movement built from the ground up Or one CIA boi
&gt; It also looks like that Buttigieg supporters go for Warren as a second choice 23% of the time. I don't want to assume that they would go for Bernie if Warren was also not viable, Keep in mind that if Pete supporters break for Warren, then she definitely breaks the threshold and Bernie doesn't get anything. You'd much rather Warren fall below the threshold than Pete.
I know, I'm pointing out the hypocrisy of their stance.
Remember kids: if your world view is the standard accepted one, then that means it's not an ideology it's just facts. It's definitely possible to just not have an ideology.
&gt; that capital would concentrate into fewer and fewer hands Ah but you've fallen into the trap the author discusses here. Since there are periods where wealth inequality goes down, this must be the same thing as when Marx said we would eventually transition to Communism. He definitely didn't say that things would keep getting worse under Capitalism until you created Socialism.
The author is saying that Marx believed things would get better under capitalism as we got closer to socialism, which is not true.
I'd be willing to bet money Bernie and Biden come in first and second in Iowa, with Pete coming in third. Who comes in first ultimately comes down to turnout, since that's the difference between the polls where Bernie wins and the ones where Biden wins.
Is there a way to accurately measure capital concentration over time? It seems like it would be difficult to quantify how much of the MoP is controlled when what is and isn't the MoP isn't even always immediately obvious.
The final form of the KND caucus.
Go full Mickey Rooney
There are so many instances where, were out not for the main characters, the federation would have done exactly what it did here. If you think that they're just going to stay bad forever now, then I'd love to hear how you watched the rest of the season so early.
They won't care. None of their objections on the grounds of "tropes" were ever made in good faith.
If your main objection to the show is that he didn't get as hurt by a single knock on the head as he should have, that seems pretty weak. You act as if he's in a big action sequence every other scene.
&gt; the idea of a co-op is socialist. Not really. It's much closer to socialism than what we have now, but a lot of Socialist writers talk about how the problems of a capitalist market don't go away. &gt;The co-operative factories run by workers themselves are, within the old form, the first examples of the emergence of a new form, even though they naturally reproduce in all cases, in their present organization, all the defects of the existing system, and must reproduce them. But the opposition between capital and labour is abolished there, even if at first only in the form that the workers in association become their own capitalists, i.e., they use the means of production to valorise their labour. -Marx, Capital Vol 3 &gt;If cooperative production is not to remain a sham and a snare; if it is to supersede the capitalist system; if the united co-operative societies are to regulate national production upon a common plan, thus taking it under their control, and putting an end to the constant anarchy and periodical convulsions which are the fatality of Capitalist production—what else, gentlemen, would it be but Communism, “possible” Communism? -Marx, The Civil War in France &gt;Co-operatives – especially co-operatives in the field of production constitute a hybrid form in the midst of capitalism. They can be described as small units of socialised production within capitalist exchange. &gt;But in capitalist economy exchanges dominate production. As a result of competition, the complete domination of the process of production by the interests of capital – that is, pitiless exploitation – becomes a condition for the survival of each enterprise. The domination of capital over the process of production expresses itself in the following ways. Labour is intensified. The work day is lengthened or shortened, according to the situation of the market. And, depending on the requirements of the market, labour is either employed or thrown back into the street. In other words, use is made of all methods that enable an enterprise to stand up against its competitors in the market. The workers forming a co-operative in the field of production are thus faced with the contradictory necessity of governing themselves with the utmost absolutism. They are obliged to take toward themselves the role of capitalist entrepreneur – a contradiction that accounts for the usual failure of production co-operatives which either become pure capitalist enterprises or, if the workers’ interests continue to predominate, end by dissolving. -Rosa Luxemburg, Reform or Revolution
That face on Damian looks *rough*
So then they're rigging the system, proving that who gets elected matters by your own logic.
So then they're rigging the system, proving that who gets elected matters by your own logic.
So then they're rigging the system, proving that who gets elected matters by your own logic.
Now you're going back to putting your conclusion before your thought process. When American has the highest incarceration rate in the world, we rightfully point out that it's indicative of a massive systemic problem. However when the Soviets were *even worse* you claim, without evidence, that you're pretty sure that almost all of them deserved it. Some, you assume, were good people. Are you going to deny the horrible surveillance state helmed by the NKVD/KGB that would lock up anyone who sounded of dissidence? Or were those also staffed by patriots just looking to protect the Soviet people?
So your plan is to just declare recolution without building up a group of people that will revolt with you? Good louck with that.
How do you figure? There's 24 pledged delegates from NH, so Bernie would need to get like 98% of the vote to grab them all.
&gt; the plain contradiction between policing and my socialist values There's nothing contradictory abot socialism and the idea of what the police sell themselves as: a force to protect people from crimes. It's just the reality of what the institution is that's the problem. I'd be willing to bet that most people buy into the idea of a police force at least when they join up.
When I said "living there before" I meant at the time of the occupation, not generations ago.
And yet you post online, which is just a rant but smaller. Curious.
They re-released a lot of Looney Tunes cartoons from the 40s that were pretty racist, and it included a thing at the beginning trying to contextualize (note: not excuse) them. edit: found it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoiMLfYUpXI
It's still pretty extreme. Bernie got 33% of the vote in 2016 which is definitely bad, but not 9% bad.
&gt; which candidate make back room deals with candidates who aren’t likely to reach the 15% threshold. It's not the candidates who will be making those deals, but the caucus-goers. With this many candidates not making the threshold, people's 2nd/3rd choices are going to matter a lot.
Change from their [last poll on the 12th](https://www.monmouth.edu/polling-institute/reports/monmouthpoll_IA_011320/): Biden: 23% (-1) Sanders: 21% (+3) Buttigieg: 16% (-1) Warren: 15% (-) Klobuchar: 10% (+2) Steyer: 4% (-) Yang: 3% (-) Bennet: 1% (up from &lt;1%) Gabbard: 1% (-1) Patrick: &lt;1% (up from 0%) Delaney: 0% (down from &lt;1%) Other: &lt;1% (-) No one 0% (-) Undecided: 5% (-)
A ceiling is the highest he can go, the number of people who could conceivably vote for him; saying that it's low due to the fact that others on in the race doesn't make any sense. It's the maximum potential support and they could drop out. We know for a fact that in a 1v1 race Bernie can get at least 43%, that make it the lowest his maximum potential support could be.
The problem is that you seem to be misinterpreting what a ceiling is, ie the maximum amount of voters who could conceivably switch to Bernie. There are dozens of factors at play when you have a field this large, but we objectively know that at least 43% of democratic voters would be willing to vote for him in a 1v1 election. If you say that his ceiling is lower because there's more people, then again that's not what a ceiling is. Of course it's low when it's being split by 5+ people, but that's true for everyone. Also don't expect all those people to be heer come Super Tuesday. You're basing his "ceiling" off of absolutely no data. You're also [wrong](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2020/president/us/2020_democratic_presidential_nomination-6730.html) when you say that he's lower than when he announced. Saying that whatever Bernie is at right now is his ceiling despite the fact that he's clearly on a major upswing is ignorant.
Right now it looks like Bernie, Biden, and Warren will be viable in California and are polling almost identically. Hard to say how that changes as we actually get closer to Super Tuesday though. https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2020/president/ca/california_democratic_primary-6879.html
The poll you're referring to is probably an outlier; it had him at less in a 3 way race than he's at now, which doesn't even make sense.
I looked it up out of curiousity, and Floridians are actually [only the fifth oldest in the country.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_and_territories_by_median_age) The top 3 oldest are actually among Bernie's strongest states.
I doubt it, or else you would have seen siimlar polls for Iowa by now. Pollsters are gonna be really busy with all of the Super Tuesday states voting at the same time.
&gt;that isn’t in a war zone By that logic you can't count the Holodomor since they were still reeling from the Civil War
I'd like to see the candidate calling for free college for poor illegal immigrants but not poor citizens.
Iowa is notoriously difficult to poll, especially when you have to account for things like second choices that come into play with caucuses. We won't really know until Monday.
Some other beautiful opinions by Egan https://www.nytimes.com/by/timothy-egan
Yes but just because they were the first in our timeline doesn't mean that if they didn't exist, nothing similar would have happened elsewhere.
I agree his ideas are gross, but you really can't super fault the players for having different subjective views about what constitutes good vs evil, especially when theirs are actually closer to the authorial intent. You can lay out the rules in your campaign based on your personal views about how the alignment grid should work, but don't get angry because it doesn't make as much intuitive sense to others.
Fuck off yes it is. Saying "ah, but my fingers were crossed" is such a dumb excuse.
DSA uses it pretty often
&gt; the lack of PHB gunpowder weaponry put the PHB equipment at 1200s-1300s Gunpowder cannons are in the DMG under "siege weaponry." Though that still just barely fits in your 1200s-1300s window in terms of medieval usage.
If you want to avoid tropes based on old racist caricatures, I would just avoid goblins altogether
Even if they're given the power to take someone to the drunk tank, that doesn't necessitate giving them lethal force.
The solution to "there aren't enough qualified people willing to fill the position given the power to decide who lives and who dies" is not "hire unqualified people."
Sounds like the way policing in the country needs to be completely overhauled if no one quailfied is willing to do it. But no, you're right, the best way to ensure the safety of everyone in a community is to give as many random people lethal force and authority as possible. Why not just make it a 20 minute online youtube video? Anyone who watches the whole thing is given a badge and a gun.
At a certain point they just stop being goblins except the name. Even the typical goblin physical characterics are rooted in racist stereotypes.
They have the funding, not the training. You seem to be implying that the massive budgets that the modern militarized police have are going to de-escalation training and not the tanks that they're champing at the bit to use.
Are you suggesting that the police *are* using their funds on outreach and community service as opposed to militarization and broken windows over policing in poor neighborhoods? Since 1990 police have spent over $5.4 billion on military equipment as part of their horrific "war on drugs."
Dick Wolff (guy in the video) actually writes theory.
&gt; they're the only ones trained for dealing with it One of the major points being brought up in the wake of these protests is that cops aren't trained to handle these things. The amount of things we deem to be "police work" is way too high for a job that requires a few months of training. The police academy does not prepare you for the de-escalation and child psychology needed to do the job properly. The job is a valuable one, it shouldn't be performed by a cop.
If you want to go that route, you could also roll percentile instead of a d20 and just count the 5s.
Still, why should it be a cop?
&gt; so provide bonuses to the boarding party Are you suggesting just making the goal of both parties to be the one who boards the other, and all naval combat is just to be the one who does that?
&gt; In fact, I don't know why you consider ship combat being different from regular combat a bad thing I don't find the fact that it's different inherently bad, I just am very wary of anything that could kill the players resulting from something other than combat (which I consider the core gameplay loop of DnD)
Where exactly do people just find lots of players irl?
The institutions of slavery practiced by Rome and Greece was not comparable to the human chattel slavery practiced by European powers, and suggesting that "oh everyone did it" is ignorance at best, and racist revisionism at worst. Those places were also not explicitly created for the sole purpose of having slaves like the Confederacy was. &gt;Pulling down statues, burning books, telling people what to think, street violence to intimidate - every single thing we have just witnessed by blm and antifa - Exactly what the Nazi party did in the 30's. Yeah it's not the same thing at all. The Nazis wanted to ban thoughts that went against their white supremacist ideology. Tearing down statues meant to glorify white supremacists is good. People can still read about what they did and talk about it. "Telling people what to think" give me a fucking break. So telling people not to be racist is the same thing as what the Nazis did? "street violence to intimidate" How exactly is a riot rising up against an oppressive system the same as rouding up those they consider to be subhuman for extermination?
&gt; What? Are you saying that slavery in ancient Roman times was not as bad as the during the colonial period? Yes. &gt;And those countries were literally built by slave labor. That's not the same thing as creating rome for the purpose of having slaves. It's not like there was a Rome without slaves, but then they decided they really wanted them so created a slave version of Rome. That would be the equivalent.
&gt; but read any account of how an individual Roman treated slaves and it's hard to imagine that they really thought that way. It's clear that they considered slaves to still be people because as soon as they were no longer slaves they were treated as such. There was no belief or behavior that slaves were inherently no more than animals that could be discarded or treated as objects. Also the argument that "there were laws against mistreating slaves means that people mistreated slaves" is really dumb. By that logic literally every behavior with a law against it must have been perfectly acceptable initially.
Of course slaves were property, that's the definition of a slave. They also were still considered human beings, and would be treated as such after being freed. There was not a system in place that codified their inferiority as being an inherent aspect of who they were. They were subject to harsh punishments at the whims of their superiors, but so were many plebians. It's more than slaves "having the right to complain." The fact that they were offered legal protection at all shows that they were considered to have some level of rights. Slavery was obviously bad, but the plight of African slaves in the Americas was far more monstrous and inhuman than what occurred in Rome.
You only pointed out that Rome had lots of slaves, something I never contested.
"Person hood" was a legal status that limited their legal rights. It didn't deny that they were human beings.
&gt; I pointed out that the Romans practiced human chattel slavery, No they didn't. I don't think you know what that term means.
&gt;Neither of them were considered humans. You're just making shit up now. Roman slaves were of circumstance; they weren't just considered an inherently inferior species like in America. Also kudos on the big brain logic of "Yeah well if slaves went outside the jurisdiction of the slave laws, then they weren't slaves."
lmao imagine writing a whole essay trying to justify being turned on by cartoon children
He didn't totally invent the concept. The Court of King's Bench in England has had Mandamus power for hundreds of years. Marshall was just very important to the US because what exactly the court could and couldn't do wasn't outlined very well in the constitution.
So the goal is just to recreate the Samurai Jack/Scotsman bridge scene multiple times a day?
So he just had to get rid of the most "in your face" one. Odd that he was allowed to keep both the butt shot and the other topless photo with nipples.
"Actually you're the racist for pointing out a bunch of racist stereotypes." This argument never gets old.
Something doesn't have to be a direct analogy for a British man in the mid 20th century to draw from culturally ingrained racist ides about savage mongol hordes attacking civilized Europe.
&gt; There is nothing concrete in this allegation. Period. He literally compared them to Mongols! If that's not at least a subconscious racial bias then nothing is. Your assertion that he was talking about mentally challenged people is absurd. When was the last time people with down syndrome were described as yellow skinned? He explicitly said they were repulsive "to Europeans." It was a race thing my dude.
The Bible didn't create social laws, it just codified them. They wouldn't have written that down if they weren't already homophobic.
Up line crosses down line. Nothing political about that.
Maybe they dislike the police because the police terrorize and murder them, not because of rap.
&gt; if you adjust per crime rate the amount of black folk dead via police on average is very simmilar to the amount of white people killed It's almost like the crime rate is largely derived from over-policing poor neighborhoods and harassing them for things that they let white people go for. That's the entire principle behind broken windows policing and why black people are over 3x more likely to go to jail for marijuana possession despite the fact that white people smoke it just as much as black people.
&gt;Sallow skin is not just "yellow skin," sallow skin is skin which has turned pale and often yellowish due to bad health. Your whole excuse rests on the idea that he was describing traits similar to those of people with down syndrome, and not traits similar to Asians. If he's including yellow skin that all falls apart. &gt; It is entirely plausible that when he said "to Europeans" he was doing so because the term Mongol was also a medical term used by Europeans Except it wasn't the medical term that would be repulsive to Europeans, it's the physical features. In which case it makes no sense for them to be particularly offensive to white people unless you're talking about racial stuff. Your whole flimsy story doesn't hold any water. &gt;you are clearly objectively wrong to state he was, in fact, racist. Never said he was consciously racist. I said his writings were shaped by harmful racist stereotypes that were ingrained into English culture in the early 20th century. Plenty of people today abhor racism but still hold many prejudices and ideas about the world that are rooted in racism, even if subconsciously.
So because he didn't have orcs literally be Asians and just had yellow skin through "degradation" suddenly that doesn't count? Come on this is getting sad. The Mongol letter has been discussed innumerable times which you can easily find online, and you are literally the first time I've seen someone so obtuse as to claim he's actually talking about mentally challenged people. It's ridiculously dishonest and/or blind. &gt;You are alleging that he was specifically referring to Mongolian Asians in a way that can only be taken as demeaning. In the letter, Tolkien is explaining why his orcs played into to traditional "foreign hordes" stereotypes that are threatening to Europeans. He even points out that he has since acknowledged and changed that stance. He wasn't doing it because he thought "wow, Asians sure are barbaric and evil" but he was playing off of traditional depictions of evil outsiders in European culture that existed for racist reasons. Tolkien was constantly rewriting how orcs worked, often times because of the implications of things like having an inherently evil race. He recognized the problematic aspects of where tropes came from, and the fact that you refuse to is really disappointing.
You replied to my comment hours apart with different messages. "Gang culture" is a ridiculous, racist idea. If you literally just mean "the culture of people who are in gangs" then that's one thing, but that's not what you mean. You mean that there's something in the "culture" of black people that makes them want to break the law. That's super fucking racist. Poverty makes people break the law, not some nebulous "culture" you absolute fucking dullard.
They hate law enforcement because the police terrorize their neighborhoods. We already went over this in the other reply threat you started and started throwing out racist, incorrect statements. Single parent households perpetuate cycles of poverty, but they are a result of poverty, not just something black people randomly do.
[Wrong.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/09/30/white-people-are-more-likely-to-deal-drugs-but-black-people-are-more-likely-to-get-arrested-for-it/) Also black people specifically get arrested just for having drugs 3x as often as white people. Intent to sell is a different crime. All research and studies show that there is an extreme bias across the board in how black people are targeted by police, actually arrested, sentenced, and the length of time they go away. Sorry facts don't care about your racist feelings. &gt;black folk do generally resist arrest more often Not only is this based off of nothing but your racism, it also would have no affect on the arrest rate since in that scenario they're already being arrested.
Do you not realize that all of the facts that you've used to form your opinions are not based on data, but based on the fact that you're a racist? You assume that black people commit more crime and therefor "deserve" to be punished the way that they are. Even when you are shown that your facts are made up and based on racist assumptions, instead of reevaluating those assumptions you double down and make up more statistics about how black people only get longer sentences because they fight the police. For fuck's sake just stop being racist.
You're not "acknowledging" shit because that implies the things you're saying are true. You're just making up lies about black people because you assume they're at fault and deserve to be locked up. That's racism. It's good that you admitted you were wrong about the specific talking points I disproved, but you don't get points if you just continue to make up other lies based on nothing but racism.
He signed the Civil Rights Act knowing full well that it would be horrible for the Democrats politically. &gt;We have lost the South for a generation.
It's not blank accusations. I repeatedly showed that the things you were saying to disparage black people are false. It's not "disagreeing" about some subjective opinion. It's you just lying in order to push a racist narrative.
At length in this thread you tried to argue that black people deserved to be locked up and harassed because they actually did and dealt drugs more than white people. It turned out that was based on nothing. So why were you claiming it was the truth? You assumed black people were more likely to do drugs because of your prejudice. By definition that's racism. Instead of reflecting on that fact, you shifted the goal posts and made up a completely new statistic in an attempt to make the persecution of black people their own fault: "they only get more jail time because they fight police." I'll bet any amount of money this didn't come from a study you found, but just your hunch because you assume black people must have done something to deserve it. That's racism, buddy. Until you stop trying to pull that shit nothing is going to change.
The economic boom of the 80s was not caused by Reagan https://www.nytimes.com/2004/06/11/opinion/an-economic-legend.html
&gt; he effectively bankrupted the USSR. No he didn't. This is just something Republicans claim because they're ignorant of the huge number of internal stuff going on in Russia at the time and like the simpler "We beat the Soviet Union with how great we were" narrative.
You seem to have glossed over Krugman's main point: The economy of the 80s was not in itself exceptional except that it was recovering from the horrible stagflation of the 70s. It was almost inevitable that once that recession ended there would be a huge bounce, and there was little reason to think that it would last very much longer regardless of what Reagan did. He was just in the right place at the right time. Also his economic policies led to the death of the working middle class, a rise in massive wealth inequality, and the gutting of essential social services.
Policies matter a little, but they are not the deciding factor. Reagan's tax breaks did not cause an economic boom; that was due to economic cycles outside of the control of the president
&gt; So, skin color? The orcs can't be "dark", so they also can't be "light", so they need to be bright blue? It's dishonest to say that Tolkien didn't model orcs' appearance off of other races. &gt;They are (or were) squat, broad, flat-nosed, sallow-skinned, with wide mouths and slant eyes: in fact degraded and repulsive versions of the (to Europeans) least lovely Mongol-types.
&gt; his belief in a benevolent creator who has a hand in the existence of all things. Despite how fantastical Middle Earth is, it is in many ways deeply and inherently Catholic in its setting and themes. That's why even though there's a pseudo Hellenistic pantheon, above them is the omnipotent capital 'G' God.
This is one of the dumbest graphs I've ever seen.
Of course, if orcs and goblins are the same, then the internal goblin society with their own government shown in The Hobbit doesn't fit super well with the "just mindless monsters, born of Sauron's evil" description of orcs. I guess it depends on how much of The Hobbit you want to write off as "Bilbo is an unreliable author and full of shit."
The system of distribution used in other countries *isn't the free market.* They just had a leadership that didn't pretend there wasn't a problem until it was too late.
Like I said, you can work for anyone you want. They just don't have the right to own your labor. If you create something you have the right to it, not your employer. If you worked together on it then you would both own it and could come to an agreement as to what should be done with it. That's not how employment functions under capitalism. &gt;Just ask the BDSM community BDSM doesn't involve actually becoming someone else's property without your ability to stop anytime. It's roleplay you absolute dipshit. Imagine saying you should have the right to stab people because "the BDSM community does knife play."
Evidence of what? I never said anything about socialist countries. I explained to you what Hitler did.
There's a huge difference between "deregulation in a general sense can spur growth" and "Reagan's deregulation is the cause of the 80s boom."
I was talking about a scenario where one person owns all the land and resources. A company town, for instance. All of the options you just listed require start-up capital and resources the vast majority of people don't have. It's this hilariously perverse definition of freedom where "if you were rich then you could do X" is the same as "you can do X."
Your words: &gt;I am saying [resisting arrest is] one of the reasons to why black folk get bigger punishments There is 0 evidence to support this. You just threw it out there with no basis in fact because you wanted to come up with some reason other than racism why black people deserve to get sentenced longer. &gt;I dont think the police are responsible for everything that plagues the black community Such bullshit weasel words when before you were spouting blatantly racist shit like "black crime culture." We were specifically talking about the the police harassment of black people when you threw out that line as a cause. If police harassment is not the fault of police, then whose is it? I suppose it's black people's own fault?
&gt; just glorified PR firms. Don't forget writing clickbait articles that are just cosplay and fanart they saw on Reddit.
Moore and Morrison will be kept alive forever by dark rituals and chaos magic, respectively.
\*One of the girls *who has come forward.* Darwyn Cooke's widow is on Twitter right now talking about how Darwyn refused to work with him because of how much of a creep he was to women.
It takes capital and resources to start a business, capital and resources that millions don't have.
Most jobs don't give you enough money to start a business. Retail is the largest employer in the US; how long working as a Target cashier do you think it would take before you can start a business. Your whole argument is "just stop being poor."
Should I assume that by "stealing labor" you mean something stupid like taxes or welfare? That also presupposes that anything that goes against the ALL KNOWING FREE MARKET is stealing, and not something like an employer who does no work keeping the fruits of his employees labor. It's funny how you have now completely shifted the goal posts from "everything is free and without coercion" to "so what if the only people who are free are the rich? How else could it work?"
&gt; the hooded white garb also was never a thing until that reestablishment. I don't think that's true. [This is a political comic from the Reconstruction era.](https://www.georgiaencyclopedia.org/sites/default/files/styles/article-top/public/m-1265.jpg?itok=Xp8xy3Iq) They don't look identical to the pointed hoods we know today, but they definitely had the same general idea.
I'm explaining to you systemic problems with capitalism that keep people in poverty and prevent the "freedom" you like to pretend exists. You never actually gave a counter argument, btw. Remember that scenario where everything is owned by one guy? If that did exist you would defend him and say that anyone who complained is just making excuses. Personally I'm fine financially; I make plenty of money to support me and the people who depend on me. However I also acknowledge that I had advantages and opportunities in life that others didn't. You don't seem to get that. You live in a fantasy world where everyone starts off on completely equal footing and there's just an infinite well of resources that everyone can take from if they just work hard.
It's annoying that you have to do that, especially if it's an album.
It's not about just planting drugs. It's that police explicitly target poor and black communities (broken windows policies) so they get over represented in this data. The majority of crimes don't ever get solved, so the ones that do are in the areas where they decide to "focus their attention." Plus plenty of those arrests are made erroneously and poor people (who are disproportionately black) are forced to take plea deals since they can't afford a lawyer.
Well there *are* sapphire blue states like California where he's up by 20-40%. People just don't pay attention to those places.
&gt; beyond "deregulation can be good for the economy" Your NBER link just says that regulations that serve as a barrier to entry are bad for investment, and the Brooking Institute link says similar stuff about specific industries. I never said that deregulation can't help boost the economy (though often times at the cost of far more important things.) I said that there is a huge leap between "deregulation can be good for the economy" and "Reagan's deregulations are the *cause* of the economic boom in the 80s." Neither of your sources make that second claim. That's what you never actually backed up, and is a much taller order to actually prove.
&gt; you can't just say deregulation can be good for an economy, I need evidence! I have, word for word, said multiple times: "I never said that deregulation can't help boost the economy." I'm not arguing that. What you don't seem to get is that having a net positive effect on the economy does not make it responsible for a huge economic boom. There are hundreds if not thousands of factors in an economy, most of which were outside of Reagan's control. Sorry that the world isn't as simple as Reaganites would like us to believe.
&gt; Gang culture is literally just a term If by that you mean it's something people say, ok. Does it have any meaning or is it ever used by experts? Not unless you're talking about the culture of people who are actively in gangs. You keep wanting to use it to mean "the culture that black people have which is why they join gangs" which is some racist shit. &gt;Yeah, sure, if you count 1 source as a bunch So when I asked if you were going to keep whining until I literally listed out the sources for all of my statistics, the answer was yes. You're too much of a coward to actually challenge any of them specifically because you know you'll look stupid when I show you the data, but you vaguely allude to there not being sources. Well here you go: I've already listed sources for the fact that black people are arrested for drug possession far more than white people despite not doing drugs at a higher rate. [Black people get charged with resisting arrest on a drug charge 3.1% of the time](https://project.wnyc.org/resisting-race/#drugs) [Black male offenders received sentences on average 19.1 percent longer than similarly situated White male offenders](https://www.ussc.gov/research/research-reports/demographic-differences-sentencing) [The discrepency continues even when you account for things like criminal record and other priors](https://www.yalelawjournal.org/article/mandatory-sentencing-and-racial-disparity-assessing-the-role-of-prosecutors-and-the-effects-of-booker) [Racist practices like stop and frisk explicitly target black people regardless of crime levels](https://www.inquirer.com/philly/news/crime/stop-frisk-policing-philadelphia-racial-bias-lance-hannon-villanova-20171002.html?eType=EmailBlastContent&amp;eId=6a170eda-4358-4030-9b50-0039ec8090fc) [Police dramatically over-target black people for misdemeanors like bicycling on the sidewalk, throwing them into the prison justice system and acts as an excuse to justify their policing of black neighborhoods.](https://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/summons-broken-windows-racial-disparity-garner-article-1.1890567) [Black people are far more likely to get pulled over and searched by police in "proactive stops" which means that they weren't doing anything wrong, but the officer decided that they were suspicious](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/268207105_Pulled_Over_How_Police_Stops_Define_Race_and_Citizenship) Despite all of this are you going to continue to try and claim that there is not a serious problem of racism against black people in the justice system? Maybe in the future you could actually do research yourself before making claims instead of me having to spoonfeed you corrections when you make shit up. It clearly bothers you a lot that you are getting called out for being racist, especially since you've given up trying to argue against what I say and have just started throwing out random insults that don't even make sense. It's not like being racist is some immutable quality; if your wrong opinions about black people just making up being racially targeted by police because they actually just deserve to be targeted are proven to be built out of either ignorance or an underlying racial prejudice, you could just acknowledge that fact, and presto: the things you say and repeat are no longer racist. Everyone's happy. You don't have to spend like 4 days being this upset.
&gt; It has literally never occurred to me before that the game is meant to be sexual I genuinely don't see how this is possible. A majority of the characters are anime girls with huge boobs and bikini tops. When they talk, they're usually leaning forward to show off their cleavage.
&gt; if there are other major economist that disagree with Krugman, you would change your mind??? What kind of dumb logic is that? I posted the Krugman piece that explained why I believe that the role of "supply side economics" in the economic boom of the 80s is vastly overstated. You implied some random article you found online disproved what Krugman said, and "article" is an extremely generous descriptor. It doesn't even address the same points, just says "this helped the economy." And I can't stress enough how ridiculous it is that its source is the state department of a Republican president, famously objective analysis. &gt;So why were the 50's and 60's a boom time? Do you want an in depth economic history lesson? Because if you do then I really can't be bothered to sit here and type out chapters of text that you should have learned in high school. Most of the economic growth in the 50s and 60s came from the fact that the US was the sole industrial power left untouched by the war.
&gt; Are you brigading my post? This is next level stupid.
&gt; Your replies are almost completely just clinging on to arguments where I literally said I was wrong And I'm explaining how if you're wrong about racism not being a major problem in drug policing, then none of your other claims make any sense. How can you argue that racism isn't a problem with policing when you admit that racism is a problem with policing relating to drugs? &gt;Accounted for poverty is an extremely vague statement All of your questions are laid out in detail in the report itself. &gt;stop saying that following statistics is racist Racial profiling is by definition racist. If you asked people "on average which race is more likely to commit property crime" and you said black people, then that wouldn't in itself be racist. But when you say "That person is black, is that justification for me to assume they're a criminal and harass them about it" the answer of "yes" is racism. &gt;I am done with this shit You keep saying that but you can't help yourself because you know that you're wrong and it bothers you a ton. That's why you're going to reply to this post with more whining.
Why does it matter if the immigrants here are from Europe or Latin America? In fact Latin American immigrants are more closely tied with the native peoples of the Americas than the white people who currently live in places like Texas. You should celebrate that.
&gt; drug related crime arrests target poor people as a whole rather than just minorities, I said it was a problem, just not a racial one Except all the sources I showed you specifically addressed racial disparities. Your counter argument that it's only based on income isn't supported any data, it's just another example of you making shit up. &gt;just made up a scenario where I said police should harrass minorities Police just deciding to stop and harass minorities isn't "made up." It's the entire premise behind stop and frisk and "proactive stops." You acknowledged that police officers will stop and target people just for being black, in fact you defended it. That's it. That's systemic racism in the police force. You've already admitted that there's racial profiling. Unless you want to be so brain dead as to argue that racial profiling isn't at all racist, then you've already admitted you're wrong and everything else is just petulant whining. &gt;I am replying to you because it seems to bother you more than me Thanks for proving me right. You want to act like it doesn't bother you at all but it bothers you a ton. You'll never be able to help yourself. You already played your hand when you tried to pull the "I'm done with this conversation" but then came crawling back. Despite being "done" you'll reply again.
&gt;Maybe mainstream D&amp;D isn’t the place to explore these things I think this is key. If you were going to tackle the underlying socioeconomic reasons why alcoholism is such a problem, it would be great. However I don't think that's going to come across in a game of CoS.
This combines porn with the parasocial let's play relationships that dominate kids/teens' lives.
Saying that police target the poor does not preclude that the police target black people for racist reasons. Where are your numbers that show that the differences are bigger if you just count poor people? That's right you don't have any. You can't say "that's just a statistical fact" when you don't have any statistics, just your assumptions. &gt;Thats pretty much it, the explanation to the statistical diffrences You have nothing to back up the claim that it completely explains the statistical differences. This is another example of you making shit up. You admitted that the police racially profile black people. That means the police are racist. There's nothing you can argue against there aside from trying to twist out some "actually racial profiling isn't racist" bull.
Teachers should be allowed to murder one student a school year
It doesn't explain anything because your don't have any data to support it. You're just making up statistics. If the police are racially profiling black people, then that's by definition racism. Are you trying to argue that what they're doing doesn't fit the definition of racial profiling (which it perfectly does) or are you arguing that racial profiling isn't racist? It has to be one or the other and they're both really dumb.
Except transporting cargo from London to NYC by rail would be really stupid.
&gt; Bush still killed more civilians. Do you think that this is somehow a counter to someone on the left?
Speed doesn't really matter that much when it comes to freight because there is a continuous stream.
The person criticizing Obama from the left about drone strikes doesn't have misconceptions about Bush being better. The leftist response is that they're both bad.
&gt; This chart doesn't include the initial invasion, so once again Which is why I included the chart that showed the money spent in Afghanistan going back to 2001. It's clear there is a correlation between money spent on the war and number of bombs dropped for every year after 2003, so it would be stupid to think that doesn't apply before. &gt;the claim about Obama killing more civilians was a lie and you're just too stubborn to admit it. If you have data to support that claim then present it
I noticed they stopped adding "Part X" to these videos, presumably because it makes people not watch them if they haven't seen all other 8 videos.
[they usually just wear workout clothes](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/40/01/9c/40019cc908e41f1a9059cc65752cb171.jpg)
So are you arguing that stopping black people because you see that as suspicion that they are criminal does not meet the definition of racial profiling, or are you arguing that racial profiling is not racist? It has to be one and you keep side stepping the question, but it sounds like you're leaning towards the latter. You also keep ignoring the shit that the poverty excuse can't account for, and have provided 0 data to support it. Finding a link saying that black people are more poor doesn't even come close to being able to show that the reason they get stopped by police for shit like traffic stops and drug crimes at way higher rates is only due to income. I have given you a ton of sources showing the well documented disparities based on race, and you claim that it completely goes away if you adjust for income based on absolutely nothing. Just another example of you making shit up because you have no idea what you're talking about.
Except he's completely correct. Feel free to make your "Columbus was good actually" post in r/badhistory and get laughed at, though.
&gt; Hey, that's inaccurate I'm making fun of the fact that his counter that it's inaccurate is not based in any sort of reality, and is based on an erroneous belief that Coumbus couldn't have been a genocidal monster. He never even gave an attempt to explain why it's wrong. In fact if you go to r/badhistory and search "Columbus" pretty much all the posts are making fun of people like him and showing that actually he did do all those horrible things.
That person said that listing the crimes against humanity that Columbus did was "bad history," when in fact they were 100% right. I have no interest in being kind to those who want to defend racist, genocidal monsters. I also wouldn't be kind to a holocaust denier.
Jesus Christ your Hitler analogy is stupid. The more obvious example would be if someone started claiming that Hitler never orchestrated the killing of millions. I'm not going to waste my time and patiently interact with every bigot who wants to deny genocide. If you look through the guy's comment history; he's *super* racist. You're not going to convince me to start being more polite towards horrible people, and that seems to be all you want to spend your time doing. It didn't go without notice that you were far more concerned about me calling out the guy denying genocide than the guy denying genocide. Civility is far more important to you than righteousness or morality. Fun fact: MLK wrote a whole letter about how awful people like you are.
I'm not talking about on Reddit. That question is possibly the most asked one in all of sociology. People don't change their mind because a stranger on an anonymous internet forum nicely tries to explain to them that they're wrong. The Daryl Davis thing worked because they personally formed a relationship with someone who doesn't contradicted their world view, and did it with people who were already at the point where they were open to it, which is a huge step. Again, nothing like being nice to random bigots on Reddit. Remember how I talked about how deradicalization is a well documented and extremely personal process? That's part of it.
&gt; Black people even when theyre as wealthy as white folk commit more crime No they don't. This is more made up shit. Poor black people are more likely to be *incarcerated* than white people, but that's explained in depth in all the data I gave you which you clearly haven't read. It's also really telling that you've suddenly shifted from "black people are just targeted because of poverty" to the more overtly racist "black people just always commit more crime because that's what they do" since I proved that your poverty argument doesn't hold water. Again, show me the data for your claims. Also [the majority of crimes never get solved](https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/03/01/most-violent-and-property-crimes-in-the-u-s-go-unsolved/), so there is plenty of room for that disparity. &gt;I answered the racial profiling question No you didn't; you answered a completely different question and just whined that legal experts use the term all the time. I will ask again in clear language: Does the behavior that you admitted happens in the US, ie that police will "proactively" stop and frisk or pull over black people at a far higher rate than white people under no suspicion other than their skin color, not meet the definition of racial profiling? If it does, then is racial profiling not racism? If it doesn't, do you agree that racial profiling would be racist? Yes or no.
&gt; But can you please summarize what you think leads people to hate? I just want to know if it mirrors my experiences with it. The idea that "what causes people to believe terrible things" can be summarized in a Reddit post is inherently absurd. Like I said, people have been studying that for decades and there are hundreds of books exploring the topic. That's why I said you have an overly simplistic view of things. I'll leave you with a quote by Holocaust survivor Franz Frison regarding the specific flavor of racism that is fascism, and the futility of trying to stop it with civility and just explaining to them why they're wrong: &gt;If fascism could be defeated in debate, I assure you that it would never have happened, neither in Germany, nor in Italy, nor anywhere else. Those who recognised its threat at the time and tried to stop it were, I assume, also called “a mob”. Regrettably too many “fair-minded” people didn’t either try, or want to stop it, and, as I witnessed myself during the war, accommodated themselves when it took over ... People who witnessed fascism at its height are dying out, but the ideology is still here, and its apologists are working hard at a comeback.
&gt; Would it help you if I explained how I learned to hate, and how it damaged my life, and how I learned to get over it? No. Honestly I don't super care. The fact that you've found a couple of anecdotal examples of people who stopped being racist (none of which was through talking to people on Reddit) doesn't really change the core of anything I said. There is also a huge difference between "why did this one person decide to stop being racist" and the much grander "why is it that people choose to be racist?" The latter is an enormous question in sociology and if you think you've actually just figured out what incredibly intelligent and experienced people have been asking for decades, you need to learn some humility.
&gt; if people can summarize stuff like mental health issues, the moon landing, dark energy, and literally every single other topics on reddit, then they can (and have successfully have) summarized how people learn/escape racism too. Do you not see the difference between something that is complicated but has a clear objective answer, and something that is highly subjective and contextual like racism? It's like saying "why can't we just solve philosophy if we can make a computer?" &gt;I think you've recognized that I see your hate lmao yes my hate against racists. Such a terrible thing, [oh wait no it's not](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance) The fact that you think you know more about hate than the holocaust survivor says a lot about you. You're full of yourself and have the biggest savior complex I've ever seen. My desire to disengage is because you're incredibly annoying and not nearly as smart as you think you are. I'll continue arguing for the oppressed and marginalized society and you can spend your time being polite to the oppressors.
I'm not "blinded by my own hate" because I don't take the time to be polite to racists. That's really dumb. Mocking racists makes people not want to be a part of a group that is derided, especially impressionable teens on reddit, so I'm going to keep doing that.
&gt; It's part of the first amendment [Lying is not covered by the 1st amendment.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_statements_of_fact)
&gt; I gave a valid explanation No you didn't. You just pulled a statistic out of your ass that wealthy black people do crimes more than white people to account for the difference. Still waiting on any data to back that up. Also complaining that someone is "pulling the racist card" in a discussion about racism is really stupid, especially when your argument devolves into "all black people commit more crimes, regardless of circumstance." &gt; it isnt racist Ok you finally gave an answer instead of beating around the bush. You think it's not racist to racially profile people and suspect them of committing a crime due to the color of their skin. This is *super* easy to disprove. Racism is prejudice based on race, and pre judging someone to be a suspect of a crime based only on the color of their skin is prejudice. You're objectively wrong; super simple.
I didn't ignore anything you said. I'm pointing out the parts of your argument that don't make any sense whatsoever or are just completely made up. You refuse to address their problems because you don't have any answers or data. At no point has your view that black people only get harassed by police because/when they deserve it been shaped by studies or data that you read. You just assume it's true and post hoc make up reasons to justify it. Hence the racism. This is also at least the second time you've tried to petulantly rage quit the argument. Let's see if it sticks.
That has little to do with the healthcare system, just better healthcare facilities. If you had the best hospital in the world that could cure anything, but only serviced people named Frank and everyone else got a bullet to the head, that would still be a terrible system.
&gt; I remember Bioware saying Mass Effect 2 was a perfectly fine point to jump into the games I don't think this is completely untrue. Based on sales alone, ME2 was a lot of people's first entry into the series. The game sort of starts with a soft reboot and new status quo/crew, so you don't miss a ton if you haven't played ME1. It also helped that ME2 doesn't really focus much on the "main plot" of the trilogy and is mostly about squad missions.
In the article, Slate said that she took the part because Missy has a white Jewish mother, like she does. &gt;At the start of the show, I reasoned with myself that it was permissible for me to play ‘Missy’ because her mom is Jewish and white — as am I. But ‘Missy’ is also Black and Black characters on an animated show should be played by Black people.
Reddit is very creative
It's not just "every character should be played by someone just like them," which is something you and everyone in those threads seems to not get. It's about the fact that historically and presently there are relatively very few roles for actors of color since "white person" is seen as the default. That's why when there is a character who's a PoC, it's not good when you *still* get a white actor to play them.
You say that like it's totally arbitrary and not just fact that black people are more discriminated against in Hollywood than Jewish people.
They seem to have deleted their comment, but [a lot of people were very unhappy with how the show portrayed pansexuality](https://www.advocate.com/television/2019/10/07/big-mouth-pansexuality-vs-bisexuality-episode-stumbles-over-itself)
Do you know what the term "relatively" means? As in disproportionate to how many people there are?
I never said anything about who I support. However if you know anything about political ideologies, it is impossible to be both fascist and communist. I assume you think both are just "when the government does stuff"
Except none of the title he listed could honestly be described that way.
If you think it's more important that the law to stop black people from being oppressed get written in Montgomery instead of Washington than it is for black people to stop being oppressed, then you're a racist.
I'm talking about the politicians who abstained. Their principles value something that insignificant over the lives of millions of black people. Ergo they're racist.
Never said it was. You're the one who made up this idea in your head that it can only have European stuff in it because it'a a European setting (it's not). Gygax plundered a bunch of fantasy stuff from other sources, and they are in no way limited to European inspired ones. Do you object to mind flayers because they're based off of books written by an American? Should monk not be a class because it's based off of Eastern martial arts?
&gt; I expect every single person in that writer's room will have read all of the Appendices and the Silmarillion at least a couple times over. Then you're going to be very disappointed. They probably just have one or two people who are their resident "Tolkien experts" that they can consult.
&gt; What you cant take out is Elves, plate armor, european castles villages and inns and european landscape Except you can because those settings don't have those things. &gt;There is a reason baldurs gate 3 is not set in ancient china It's set in the same world as those settings I mentioned. It's not even clear what you're arguing at this point, because you keep bringing up Zulu and Wakanda despite the fact that no one is mentioning them. Are you seriously this offended at the idea that someone would include stuff inspired by African mythology despite the fact that multicultural inspired stuff is already everywhere in DnD?
You're not even arguing a point, just ranting because I've shown everything you've said to be wrong.
Flashlights aren't lasers. Light diffuses. If the sun *does* act like a laser, then this experiment still wouldn't work.
You don't understand. You're not dealing with the average Saiyan warrior anymore.
This is in Cleveland, not Columbus
"Look we can keep being super racist, we just need to be a little bit more subtle about it."
Plenty of songs on Spotify have over a billion listens, and that's not including all of the other ways people listen to music (as opposed to videos which are pretty much just Youtube.)
[You are very intelligent](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EGWrjSIWkAI6ypC.png)
The point is that even when a movie stars a PoC, they stop being recognizable as one by transforming.
No one is saying that it happens literally every time, just that it seems to happen a lot.
12:30 "Now I'm just Henry" Wait is name not Joel?
&gt; He even had the game divided into chapters Is it inherently a bad thing to structure campaign adventures like this? That seems to be how a lot of modules do it and personally it makes it much easier to structure the kinds of stuff they'll run into at level 2, 3, etc. Especially when I have branching narrative paths depending on what they do, I find it helps to keep things organized.
The Soviet Union was authoritarian in many ways, but they weren't fascist. That requires a bunch of ideological stuff that they don't meet.
It is somewhat, but fascists will often ally with capitalists.
&gt;ultranationalist The ideology of the Soviet Union was that of international communism. &gt;Suppressed opposition This is not inherently fascist. Plenty of liberal democracies did the same. &gt;Strongly regimented society and the economy. This definitely isn't a fascist thing, considering Nazi Germany privatized a huge portion of the German economy. &gt;Were imperialistic They were less imperialist than the western powers &gt;Pursued autarky. They traded with other countries, just not capitalist ones &gt;What parts were they missing again? I'd recommend you read Umberto Eco's "Ur Fascism" because it sounds like you don't actually know what it is
Get out
What they need is a nu start.
Have they announced plans to release this as a TPB?
I'm a socialist and this is a really stupid take. Everyone having helicopters is a terrible idea. If anything we should be pushing for a more robust mass transit system. If you're not part of the train gang you're not a true leftist.
