I hope they don't show Hawkeye chilling at home surrounded by his wife and kids... and then the snap happens. I'm not sure I can take that
&gt;The one in Endgame looks like they just made a few expansions to the previous iteration Foolish decision - they have half the amount of people working there now!
Finish your undergrad first, do the long distance thing, reassess after you have your degree. You've not been together that long; being a military spouse - or a long-term girlfriend - is already challenging, and moving away from your family and friends is very tough - couple this with the pressures of college/law school and it's going to be a rough go. What are his career goals? Does he intend to stay in the AF for a career, or just do his initial contract term and get out?
I loved Tyler on Free Play, and liked seeing him on Always Open. Dude is funny, great chemistry with a lot of on-screen talent. I tried to stick with Sportsball 2.0, but just couldn't hang... too many long diatribes, just didn't like the format.
Just don't post gun-related stuff on the main newjersey sub. The majority is North Jersey urbanites that are anti-gun. Their noses are firmly up Murphy's and Grewal's asses; they gave Menendez a pass on his corruption because "orange man bad". Bad laws that turn good people into criminals only apply if it's related to weed. Anything there to do with politics or law is a crap shoot, with plenty of "don't let the door hit you on the way out!" dismissiveness
&gt; *My hope is that one day when the real war criminals who perpetrated the illegal and immoral incursions into Iraq and Afghanistan, when they stand trial* Oh my sweet summer child
It's not supposed to be a "normal" jail. It's a military prison for enemy combatants. Being overseas limits Congressional and judicial oversight
I mean, there's plenty of posts that are interesting and unrelated to politics. But certainly the ideology of the majority heavily leans left
Your girlfriend is very into status. But your girlfirend isn't too smart, because a fine dining chef - which you are training to be - is very impressive and frankly more interesting than a doctor or lawyer. Now normally I'd say this is a huge red flag, but presuming she is of a similar age to you (or younger), might be able to chalk it up to immaturity. If you want to continue the relationship, tell her in no uncertain terms that you aren't going to lie about what you do, and that she needs to come clean to her friends. If she is unwilling, then move on
All circle red Xed for APR39 failures
Where did you find the giant to hold it?
Twisting
[Nice](https://m.imgur.com/u243FyP)
Before joining the Army, I talked to the Air Force. I said "the Army can guarantee me in writing a job as a weapons tech for the Apache - but if you can do the same for me to be an AC-130 gunner (or an A-10 weapons tech), I'll sign up right now." Because that looked like the coolest job in the world. Unfortunately they don't guarantee jobs in writing (or didn't in 2003, dunno about now) so to the Army I went
Eh depends on the recruiter and if they are short their numbers; had a couple buddies that strong-armed their way to the job they wanted. But the Army really does guarantee your MOS in your enlistment contract, presuming your test scores qualify you for it. Or more correctly, they guarentee you a slot in the training school The Air Force and Marines were both "pick 4 jobs - you'll definitely maybe get 1 of them"
[Better start trawling all the bodies of water](https://imgur.com/a/QVvUN#MRlrFNP)
The real question. The follow-up would be how attractive were the partners. Not too difficult to see a hard 8 getting dude's that are 3s or 4s to jump on board
Just off the headline alone: probably due to strong familial bonds, and the large presence of Catholicism (where suicide is considered a mortal sin) in Hispanic communities and Latin America in general.
Do it. I could use a vacation
I don't know why folks are so dismissive of what he's saying. Compulsory letters from police **have happened**, at least in NY. Are home raids likely to happen? 99% chance that they won't... but they *could* - hope for the best, plan for the worst. Some head of a law enforcement agency or some prosecutor looking to make a name for themselves - especially if they are an elected official or are eyeing a political career - will absolutely bend the law as far as they can to show how strong they are on "gun crime". Otherwise it's just solid legal advice regarding your rights when dealing with law enforcement. **Edit: [this is why you can't dismiss this as just "fear-mongering"](https://m.theepochtimes.com/boulder-residents-ordered-to-bring-guns-to-police-for-certification_2737367.html)**
Guy is a class act, plain and simple. #Boo Packers - they're stinky!
&gt;quite average looking Let's see someone you consider "above average". I'd love to see just how high in the thermosphere this bar is set
Glossing over how grossly simplistic a view that is - you do realize that military service in the IDF is compulsory?
[Here](https://youtu.be/YW9jBLYx3PQ?t=6m48s)
Do NOT get a new 870 - Rustington has had quality control issues. Mossberg 590 or a Benelli Nova/Supernova for a pump. Mossberg 930 for semi; it will be top of your budget, but the thing is a beast - I love mine
"100 days!"
Checking another gun off the ever-growing wishlist. Colt 1911 Series 70 Competition. Scored this beauty on a Cyber Monday sale for $200 *less* than MSRP - couldn't pass it up. Plus the way my state (the Socialist Republic of New Jersey) is going, if I waited much longer it would probably be banned.
Getting double feeds?
[That was apparently Mark Harmon](https://www-vanityfair-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2018/05/ncis-pauley-perrette-mark-harmon-dog-bite-2016/amp?amp_js_v=a2&amp;amp_gsa=1&amp;usqp=mq331AQECAFYAQ%3D%3D#referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp;amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&amp;ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanityfair.com%2Fhollywood%2F2018%2F05%2Fncis-pauley-perrette-mark-harmon-dog-bite-2016), not for sexual harrassment issues either
Doing a job without the proper safety equipment. I worked on helicopters in the Army. In the belly of an Apache is a combination fuel tank and ammo magazine. When empty it weighs 327lbs. There is a service cart specifically designed to remove and install it, but in a pinch 4 guys can muscle it up or down. My crew was tasked with removing it because of an unspecified fault. Our service cart was broken, so we had to do it by hand. We could have went and borrowed a cart from another unit, but leadership felt that was a waste of time; by the time we went through the rigamarole to get it, we could be finished already by doing it the old-fashioned way. I wasn't happy about it, because doing it by hand is very awkward as you have very little leverage or support, but ultimately not a big deal, we had done it plenty of times. Got to make mission, right? One person typically lays on their back and leg presses it up, so the other guys can remove the bolts; I volunteered to be the leg man. We checked the fuel gauge to make sure it was empty, then I got under it and pressed it up... with much more difficulty than I expected. But it has a tendency to get snagged on the ammunition carrying system, so that's what I attributed it to. My crew removed the bolts, and it immediately fell out and crushed me... Come to find out, it was actually full of 500lbs of fuel, and the unspecified fault was that the fuel gauge was broken. So 827lbs fell on me. I herniated 3 discs (2 lumbar, 1 cervical), tore my sacroiliac joint, and fractured my C5 vertebrae. This was over 10 years ago. Now I'm 90% disabled with all sorts of pain, nerve, and mobility issues. All because we opted to do the job quickly instead of properly.
State benefits. Most people only think federal, but many states offer a lot to folks with a VA rating. For example, in NJ: * provides a DV parking placard that exempts you from paying for municipal parking meters. No minimum disability rating. Not for handicapped parking. * small property tax deduction ($250) for DVs, no minimum rating though must have wartime service. * full property tax exemption for 100% disabled rating. * income tax exemption up to $3000 * military pensions are tax exempt * civil service preference * free hunting/fishing licenses
[Yup!](https://i.imgur.com/kexmG1Q.jpg)
&gt; I even dropped out of college to pursue my dream Well that's just fucking stupid. Incredibly shortsighted.
Well as far as Colt is concerned, the difference between a Series 70 and Series 80 is primarily is the 80s have a firing pin safety and a different type of barrel bushing. Competition models have fiber optic sights, different triggers, etc. But by different manufacturers, most of it comes down to quality and aesthetics. You get what you pay for. Sure you can get a RIA or Taurus 1911 for under $500, and it will *probably* run just fine... but it'll look unrefined, chunky, with no frills. Or you can blow $1500 on a Kimber that will look absolutely gorgeous and never have a failure... which might also ring true of a $700ish Ruger. Also you can get them in 9mm amd 10mm, but personally I feel a 1911 is supposed to be .45ACP.
Grinch!
You're not wrong. Stainless is tough not to stare at
I've only sold one gun, and it's because I had 2 of the exact same. I look at gun purchases as a lifetime investment
To be honest part of the allure of this particular model was the blue grips. But I could definitely see some rosewood looking sharp on this
Keep an eye on Gun.Deals. That's how I found this one
No doubt. Sights are very crisp
Well not quite $200. MSRP this summer when I started looking was $950, but it's now $900. Best my LGS could do was $865. Paid $715, with free shipping, from a place I found through GunDeals. Plus $35 in NICS and transfer fee. So all said and done, $750
I thought about going stainless with this one, but really was feeling the blued finish. Next one though...
I bought this prior to getting my purchase permit (damn NJ), so it was waiting a few weeks at my LGS until the permit came back. In the interim, I joined a competition at a local gun club, and wouldn't you know it the guy in the lane next to me has the exact same gun. Insanely jealous.
Challenge accepted
All mostly feel-good legislation that will have zero effect on crime, and just increase the burden on law-abiding citizens
This weekend I will be.
... I think you responded to the wrong person
Because they're stupid, and their parents are stupid.
Nope
Sounds like the priest is a hardliner, adhering to very antiquated dogma. Probably condemns gays, divorcees, and anyone engaging in premarital sex or using birth control. You know.. the same type of priest that gets caught molesting altar boys. And the coach is just a narcissist. How are you going to show up to a funeral after being specifically asked not to, and the make a social media post blaming the parents. He made this whole ordeal about him.
#MR. WORLDWIDE!
Plot twist: OP is allergic to eggs
[This one](https://gun.deals/)
Verified. It only took 16 days from submitting for my latest pistol permits to getting them back from Lower Township. I think when I submitted for a duplicate FID last year it took about 25 days, and that was primarily due to one of my references taking their dear sweet time.
Inaccurate. There was no "please"
Wonder if Kamala Harris, AOC, various other politicians, and every outspoken celeb who took to social media to bash CPB, ICE (who weren't even involved), and Trump over this are going to apologize for spreading misinformation. Just kidding... I know they won't
That's a damn shame. Doesn't state how far along the mother was. It may sound odd or callous, but kinda hope the baby was very premature; one can understand a baby born prematurely not being strong enough to survive, but it's a bit tougher when it's a full-term (or close to it). It's insane to think about the high newborn fatality rate we have in this country.
&gt;The article didn't say, but do we know what kind of gun he used? How many shots he fired? It doesn't say because it's not relevant &gt;How often does the coast guard undergo mental health evaluations? Annually. They also do suicide prevention training annually, and typically do more stand-down training when a member commits suicide.
The Army does PHAs annually, mandated suicide prevention training annually, more training if someone in your AO does commit suicide, and suicide prevention gets brought up at safety briefings on the regular. So dunno what you're talking about with "never"
I answered yes to a depression question in a PHA, and immediately got sent to talk to a counselor. The Army/military in general has plenty of doors open if a troop is struggling, but we also have a culture - not just military - that makes it difficult to seek help. Suck it up and drive on, right? The help is available, but you gotta go get it. YMMV though.
&gt;As an Australian I can’t help but wonder if USA had tighter gun laws if things like this wouldn’t happen as readily. I mean, I could spend all day linking stories of parents drowning their kids in bathtubs or asphyxiating them, folks beating their spouses or significant others to death with hammers or baseball bats or just their fists. If you've gotten so far gone that youre willing to kill children, lack of access to a gun is not likely to dissuade you. Roughly 50k suicides in the US last year, about half of them used a firearm. Would some be alive today if they didnt reach for a gun when at their lowest point? Yea probably. But not all, I'd say not even the majority. Look at Japan and their staggeringly high suicide rate, without the availability of firearms. It's a cultural/societal problem. And it's getting worse. This particular person, being a member of the military, was eminently screened and qualified to possess a firearm. He has access to resources most Americans don't to be able to get help if needed. If you comb through his record, I'm sure there are no indicators of suicidal or homicidal thoughts. Would his family be alive if he didn't have a gun? *Maybe* his kids - but if he were willing to shoot his wife and kids to death, I imagine he would just as readily stab or bludgeon them in his rage. **I should note that I am in no way excusing this heinous act. If there's a hell, I hope he is rotting in it**
Luck, Thielen, L. Miller... rough weekend for me. I hold 2 points on my opponent. He has DJ Miller playing tonight, and I've got my kicker (Lutz) left. Butthole pucker factor is extreme.
Not to buck the circlejerk, but: many if not most folks did not expect Mexico to fork over a cartoonishly large lottery check, or that we would send contractor invoices direct to the Mexican govt. More that the US would offset the required funding by negotiating/renegotiating trade deals, reducing aid, imposing tariffs , etc.
Govt dealings are just business dealings with more red tape. Quid pro quo. There's precious little altruism involved.
Outfuckingstanding. Porch pirates are scumbags. Shed no tears when that one lady got caught on camera breaking her leg hopping over the landscaping - turns out she had stolen vital medication. Karma's a bitch. I wish someone would do this with an exploding dye pack.
But he stole the dance from Courtney Cox in a Springsteen video so...
Any interruption in power - including backups - would spell disaster. How many power draining devices and phenomena have we seen suck the energy out of a vessel? Various forms of EM radiation can disrupt energy flow, or they require physical material to protect occupants from the effects. Also the energy and engineering demands would be enormous. Not worth the investment.
No, and [that's the point of why this lawsuit is flimsy](http://awesome98.com/alfonso-ribeiro-says-the-carlton-dance-was-inspired-by-courteney-cox-and-eddie-murphy/).
That's hurting my mind brain
[Batman](https://youtu.be/cKxL2GnGFrw)
Garry died 2 years ago
They could not have picked a worse song for this
Cape May. A good portion (but not all) of shops on the Washington Street Mall are open. Plenty of restaurants open. Christmas candlelight tours. Multiple breweries, wineries, and distilleries open in the surrounding area, a few doing live music and holiday events. The boardwalks in Cape May and Wildwood are dead now, but it's oddly serene to walk them at night.
Of course they will. All the "free" shit he promised in his campaign isn't free at all, and if you thought it would just be the millionaires paying for it then you're a fool.
Klein 22-32awg strippers work great
I've been using a Charge for nearly 15 years. I mainly got it for the allen key inserts
So I'm a federal employee (not law enforcement) - am I good to partake?
Black don't crack, motherfucker
Yes. In my agency, timecards had to be validated and certified NLT 20 Dec in anticipation of a shutdown
Love this scene. Is it just me or are their uniforms different shades of yellow/gold? Worf's looks brighter.
You'll need a Firearms Purchaser ID Card. Your town police should have a website, which will likely have guidance on what to do to get one, [like so](https://www.middlepd.com/application-forms). You can also go to your local police and get all the info and paperwork you need, but to save yourself a trip just check online. In addition to paperwork, you'll need to schedule to get fingerprinted, and go to the NJSP website to submit to a criminal history check. The NJSP form you'll fill out will also require you to give the names and contact info of 2 non-family members to serve as references; they will get a letter in the mail that they need to complete and return, so the sooner they do it the better. All manner of fees involved for everything. It takes several weeks *at minimum* to get this done and a FID issued to you; some police departments are quick and take 2 to 3 weeks, some departments take 60+ days. [You can buy an M1 Garand from the Civilian Marksmanship Program.](http://thecmp.org/cmp_sales/rifle_sales/m1-garand/) They will ship it to an FFL in your area. You can sometimes find them on sites like GunBroker, or in a local gun shop on consignment, but best option for the money is CMP. Plus you get a very nice case with it.
So he's done with the NFL then
Sooooo... are tires not good for artificial reefs?
Well... it's pretty commonplace for advanced electronics to have a "night mode" or some similar setting to dim or turn off lights/sounds. I have to think the Empire can easily accomplish the same feat
My wife is way hotter than I. So I take those comments as a compliment really
That dude is getting mega-laid tonight
Hot *j*ake, amirite??
For real... gimme a job in DoD, DHS, Secret Service, etc and I will write non-threatening letters to urchins extolling their "good" ideas
Well since it's likely he turned his asshole inside out pushing that monster free, probably just washed the pink sock in the sink.
Nice. Happened to me with Hanzo
Nice. That's what I'll need next year - mine is already overfilled, and I have plans for 2019
Just got a new one for our shop. Proven design
[Nah](https://giphy.com/gifs/high-quality-powers-goldmember-11tbqNLytB25q0)
Looks more like the fishing pier in Wildwood Crest. Heather Road I believe Nice picture though
Lowes
47k covers attorney's fees only it looks like. No punitive damages, no one was fired - looks like all he got was his name and record cleared. That may be enough for him, but it's basically a slap on the wrist for the school.
Welcome to the club! We eat pizza and save Nakatomi Plaza
The only folks I ever heard complain about it was guys that carried beat-down, shot-out military issued ones. Well yea, if you get a used piece with dozens of previous owners who treat them like crap, and armorers who don't know dick about maintenance, you're liable to have a shitty gun. My only complaint was about the fixed sights.
If you think this if going to lead to charges against Trump, you're in for a bad time. There are dozens of people in the chain below him in his empire that will, if evidence of a crime is found, ultimately be held responsible. Will it showcase Trump's hypocrisy? Sure, but that's nothing new.
The tap.
The solution is to pay them better. Why be a cop there when you can make nearly as much money with less stress at Wawa?
To the surprise of no one
Or just stashed in the attic/garage/basement. Or not modified at all and people taking their chances. Or tragically lost in a boating accident. I'd bet any amount of money that my scenario is far more likely than yours.
Whoosh
*Sees first ingredient is raisins* *Closes out GIF*
Once the new Congress convenes and Pelosi gets named Speaker, some kind of deal will be worked put. Figuring 6 - 12 January, somewhere in that week.
They do. They also do audio warnings in Spanish as well.
Common sense is not so common. The onus is on the consumer. If you can't understand the rides instructions and warnings, **you need to ask for clarification**. This includes if they're in English, you're an English speaker, and you *still* don't understand. If an attendant can't help you, Guest Services can. If you go to a restaurant, order something from the menu you can't read because it's not your native language, and eat something you're allergic to and die, that's not the restaurants fault.
This is a foreign concept to us down here in South Jersey. Unless youre trying to live in one of the seaside towns, you can get a nice house and piece of property for 200k
My wallet hates you guys
I love American Gangster... Denzel Washinton and Russel Crowe killed it, as per usual. And oddly enough I was just watching some Youtube clips from the flick the other day, which led me to do some wikipedia-ing on the tale. The film definitely paints Lucas in a far more sympathetic light than the truth, and took other artistic liberties - Crowe's character never had a child in real life, for example, so the child support bit is completely fabricated. Lucas was portrayed as honorable, highly intelligent, and even noble. He was none of those things.
Charles Whitman would like a word with you about that. Oh wait, he can't. He died in 1966 after killing 18 people at the University of Texas with a **bolt-action rifle**. Or maybe try Patrick Sherill (14), George Hennard (23), Seungz-hei Cho (32), or Nidal Hasan (13), mass shooters that all killed the parenthesized number by their names with only handguns. Or literally dozens of other mass shooters in the last 100 years who have used everything from revolvers to pump shotguns to hunting rifles to commit their crimes. 14 of the top 25 most deadly mass shootings in the US occured prior to 2009, a decade ago; 10 of those didn't even happen in this century. So no, this isn't a new phenomenon at all, nor is it the fault of the NRA or scary black "assault rifles" which is no doubt what you meant.
And Venezuelans
Inb4 "what good are rifles against tanks, jets, and nukes?"
Ah so I was correct about your motivations, just underestimated your gross ignorance on the subject. The point was that the weapon used is immaterial, but really no sense in me wasting keystrokes on someone so emotionally compromised by the Bloomberg rhetoric. We're done now.
I guess I should say educated and articulate, rather than intelligent. Was actually illiterate
I can hold a stuffing tube with my Knipex pliers wrench, and loosen the jam nut with my Knipex Cobras, which are essentially channel locks.
They won't roll it back. That gold is already spent
A lot of cops in NJ are ex-military or current/former members of the National Guard or Reserves. In addition to veterans getting hiring preferences in civil service - which some small-town administrations hate because they're forced to take them over their "preferred" hire (like the mayor's nephew or some other good ol' boy deal) - they also get paid time off for military duty. Said admins feel it's an imposition to have to schedule around that duty, or that it's "unfair" that NG/reservists get to "double dip" both their cop salary and their military pay. I'd also put money on the guy was a wannabe; probably wanted to join the service and was declined, or enlisted but washed out, and as a result holds a grudge against those that were in the service.
&gt;...a cracked windshield on a passenger vehicle is no longer cause for inspection failure but it does fall under “failure to make necessary repairs” and you could be cited by law enforcement if your windshield is out of compliance.
**TLDR: talk to a lawyer** Cops/troopers don't have the authority to make plea deals or other kinds of agreements after charges are filed - completely up to the prosecutor (and a judge to sign off on it). So any "deal" offered by a trooper is essentially worthless without the officers of the court backing it up. However, it's not unusual to try and work some backroom deals. This happens a lot with traffic violations. That said, the fact that it was done via email might be worth some attention, since that leaves a record of the communication. Different story if the trooper came to the house or job - no paper trail. Presuming your son has retained a lawyer, first he should ask his lawyer what he/she thinks. Depending on what the lawyer says, he could respond to the trooper tentatively agreeing to a meeting, *if his lawyer can attend as well*. If they say no, then likely some shady stuff, but if they say yes, it may be worth a listen.
&gt;This proposed rule change had nearly zero support last fall, why would they try it again? It had tons of support... from the restaurant associations and the alcohol distributors. Who have plenty of money to grease the right palms. &gt;Is the NJ Division of Alcohol Beverage Control run by idiots? Yes. It's a political appointee position, not an elected one.
They already do. The problem is the brewers guild split, with the biggest brewers (read: the one's with the most money) like River Horse and Cape May Brewing taking the lobbyist and making their own guild, and declaring themselves the primary organization for NJ brewers. The problem with that is that those big brewers, they don't make their money in the taproom or with events - they make it through distribution. Cape May Brewing could permanently close their taproom today, and still be making tons of money. But smaller breweries with far less (or zero) distribution, like Glasstown Brewing in Millville or Bucket Brigade Brewery in Middle Township, rely on their taprooms to thrive. Glasstown has phenomenal events every month (go to their Hallowren party), and Bucket Brigade does live music weekly, and it brings in tons of people/money. Just like last year, the big brewers had conversations with the ABC and other parties involved and agreed to these restrictions because in the long run it doesn't hurt **their** bottom line. They could not care less about the consequences for the smaller breweries because at the end of the day, they're the competition.
Signed, as I did last year. Here is a copy of what I sent to my reps last year, will need to update: &gt;Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 1:03 PM To: Van Drew, Sen. D.O.; Andrzejczak, Asm. D.O.; Land, Asm. D.O. Subject: ABC Spcl Ruling re: Breweries &gt;What the NJ govt is doing - at the behest of whimpering restaurants and bars, and with the tacit support of big breweries that make money through distribution not community events - is an egregious affront to small business and community-focused entrepreneurs. &gt;As a longtime patron of 7 Mile Brewing, Slack Tide Brewing, Bucket Brigade Brewing, and especially Millville's Glasstown Brewing Company (owned and operated by born and raised Middle Township residents), I consistently look forward to all their events - great beer, great people and a great time. It is maddening to me that the NJ govt has the gall to try to limit their efforts to foster the fantastic community they have, under the guise of "fairness" in a competitive industry. &gt;Moreover, it is especially concerning that these new rules were taken unilaterally, with no public debate or legislative action. &gt;I trust you will take action in this matter. Thank you for your attention.
ITT: people that didn't read the article, and people who think **human trafficking** is no biggie
I was on an aircraft carrier once. Lots of metal there
NTA. Your brother sounds like a real cocksucker, and not in the good way.
I live in NJ - this is unheard of. More likely you'll get brake-checked and cursed out. When I lived in Texas, this was pretty common, especially on single lane roads through the rural areas. Greatly appreciated
Any particular reason why?
My supervisor knows, fully supports. Been documenting for years - got a folder half an inch thick of everything.
Fair enough.
The Batman warehouse fight is quintessential Batman: absolutely brutal. Batman doesn't just knock people out... he breaks bones, dislocates joints, severs tendons and muscles - he straight-up cripples people. No other movie or television iteration has come close to showing the level of savagery the Batman can inflict on someone.
Absolutely. Some John Wick scenes rival it, but that's more focused on gunplay.
Honestly, wouldnt mind it provided they didn't give me guff about taking the network down for a day or 2
Naval Air Station museum in Lower Township. Multiple breweries and wineries. Bowling alley in Wildwood. Couple escape rooms around the area, but I dont know if you can just walk in or have to make an appointment. You can take an umbrella and walk the Washington Street Mall - you'll be transiting shops pretty quick, so not really a concern of getting wet unless it's really howling.
*scrolling through* Nice... nice... nice... noice... *gets to Grunnda Wolfheart* [...wut?](https://giphy.com/gifs/cheezburger-clint-eastwood-IIjH0wN7F3uzS?utm_source=media-link&amp;utm_medium=landing&amp;utm_campaign=Media%20Links&amp;utm_term=https://giphy.com/gifs/cheezburger-clint-eastwood-IIjH0wN7F3uzS)
&gt;100 days
Sounds like Mr Medinsky is going to have a tragic accident soon
That's a loss of 10hrs a week, which some workers cannot afford. You said wages should not be cut, and they won't be: a worker making $10/hr at 40hrs will continue to make $10/hr at 30hrs. Presumably if the "standard" workweek was shifted from 40hrs to 30hrs, that's also when overtime would kick in. Companies are typically not keen to provide overtime, so employees willing to work more because they need that extra time may very well not get it. Or taking overtime out of the equation, you may have employees needing to work on their days off just to make ends meet moving from a 5-day to a 6-day or even 7-day workweek for some - I guarentee productivity will fall then. If the basis for a 6hr workday is anything over 6 reduces productivity, then employers are disincentivized to allow employees to voluntarily work over 6hrs, lest productivity take a hit.
I can't choose just one: * LeatherJacketGuy... I think that's self-explanatory. * Dermot is consistently hilarious. His disdain for peanut butter is glorious. * The Sharpsons are both great, Donal with the slight edge over John. The "Try not to laugh" videos for Donal taking it like a champ made me laugh even harder. * Shannon is a delight as well, especially in any alcohol related videos.
Have the gang watch Chiropractor "Crack Addicts"-type videos... either [compilations](https://youtu.be/hsHECLmeZg8) or [solo ones](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKIOtMHHJBg). This would be really good for some of the more squeamish TRYers, might get some good cringe reactions.
&gt; Nj is the only state that 100% bans carry for normal people everywhere [iT's nOT a BaN!!](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/022/940/mockingspongebobbb.jpg) \- Gurbir Grewal, probably
It's about time!
&gt; Also, we do not accept any alcohol as we have had trouble receiving it in the past. Do you mean just hard liquor, or beer as well?
When I cringed at durian coffee, my wife was like "oh it's probably not as rank as the fruit alone". I think the TRYers beg to differ.
The TRY Channel has been my must-watch channel since they started. I binged watched Facts after I came across the first few TRY vids, via Reddit no less, and spread out to some of the individual TRYers personal youtube channels (LeatherJacketGuy, Diane, Shannon)
Gross. I was in Cincinnati recently and didn't know about their chili, which is spiced with cinnamon and nutmeg and all sorts of weird shit. I was only passing through so I didn't have any.
Those are Brits, yea? American Hydra rocket pods don't look like that. Source: former 15Y
Industrial electrician. Working on control cabinets and such. I did 11 years of avionics work. Now I work on Coast Guard boats
Many breweries do, or they allow outside food to be brought in (like having a pizza delivered). So of course the state specifically is cracking down on this
In a thread on r/njbeer, someone suggested the brewers should organize and get a lobbyist. They already did. The problem is the brewers guild split, with the biggest brewers (**read: the one's with the most money**) like River Horse and Cape May Brewing taking the lobbyist and making their own guild, and declaring themselves the primary organization for NJ brewers. The issue with that is that those big brewers, they don't make their money in the taproom or with events - they make it through distribution. Cape May Brewing could permanently close their taproom today, and still be making tons of money. But smaller breweries with far less (or zero) distribution, like Glasstown Brewing in Millville or Bucket Brigade Brewery in Middle Township, rely on their taprooms to thrive. Glasstown has phenomenal events every month (go to their Hallowren party, it's a blast), and Bucket Brigade does live music weekly, and it brings in tons of people/money. Just like last year, the big brewers had conversations with the ABC and other parties involved and agreed to these restrictions because in the long run it doesn't hurt **their** bottom line. They could not care less about the consequences for the smaller breweries because at the end of the day, they're the competition.
Thinking of trekking up to Glasstown on Sunday, with A Good Idea Gone A Rye back on tap. Really miss that place; not just the beer, but the people too. When I lived in Millville I was there at least once a week, but living in Lower Township since 2015, and my wife working overnights, really makes it tough to get there.
The cold Gobbler isn't bad, but it's not great and in no way as good as the hot version. And yes, the old rolls were far superior.
Welcome to Reddit
Spoiler alert: very
Also immortalized on film in Ben Affleck's Daredevil
I'm conflicted. One one hand: freedom. On the other: abomination.
That scene in the tent was very formative for 13 year old me
Here comes the tanks
Not even close. And I bought orbs too
Ah, shame.
Keanu is peak goodness
Well... this was not the video to watch before going to sleep. I am legit angry now.
Which is funny (not ha-ha funny) considering he has said that he was having issues in bed due to his weight abd poor physical condition
Cruise stomps. Dude does his own stunts, is physically fit well beyond his age, seemingly high pain tolerance, and has decades of fight training (wrestling, stage combat, actual MMA). Bieber looks like he has a glass jaw, and that he'd be gassed after putting the groceries away.
Had that issue last year - I think they get spammed a lot, so they restrict contact. Find your legislator on the njleg.state.nj.us, there will be an option to Contact Your Legislator(s), which will allow you to send an email to any or all of that districts legislators. [For example](https://www.njleg.state.nj.us/members/BIO.asp?Leg=382). Yea it's a nuisance, and the form only allows so many characters in the email, but I think if/when they respond to the email contact you give, you can respond via your own email service.
If we're not building nuke plants, this plan is already doomed to fail. You CANNOT go 100% clean on solar and wind alone. Period. Full stop.
I dont typically have a long wait with mine, but we'll see if the new system monkeys it up any. I submitted on the 5th, both references returned their emails the same day, and I went in to fill out the mental health release on the 6th. So still in the first week
Sprint and T-Mobile alone cannot compete with AT&amp;T or Verizon. Allowing them to merge, while reducing the size of the playing field, let's the new company compete with the other 2 on a more even level. Right now AT&amp;T and Verizon combined hold like 60% of the market, while Sprint has like 10% and T-Mobile like 15%
Animorphs Towards the end of the series it kinda went off the rails, and got fairly dark, but otherwise a fantastic realm - I read every book. The TV show they made of it was a bit... lacking, but it was Nickelodeon (and Canadian) so I didn't expect much
If it's something youve trained for, yes.
About $1500, depending on where you buy and any discounts/sales
The Avengers are pretty strong; not the best in the game, but certainly viable for all modes. Once Thor gets a rework, they'll be even better. The Hulk rework is "ok"? He is lightyears beyond what he was.
Interesting; I always figured everyone could smell it. I wouldn't consider myself having a "sensitive nose". I assume this applies to snow as well?
No one complains to the chef about their food. NO ONE.
Part of the problem: we don't have an Apollo-type module, lunar lander, lunar rover, or Saturn V launch vehicle. We basically have no space-faring fleet, nor spacecraft capable of landing astronauts on a planetary body and also returning them. NASA doesnt even have their own craft in service to get astronauts to and from the ISS - they have to rely on Russian Soyuz vehicles. The entirety of the US space fleet now is for launching satellites and probes. New space vehicles have been in development, even before the Shuttle was retired. But budget cuts, shifting administration priorities, and general apathy by the American taxpaying public (as compared to that of the Space Race) have not sped their deployment along. And not to say NASA during the Space Race cut corners or compromised safety, but safety and engineering standards are far more stringent now. Now one could ask why not just rebuild all the old Apollo-mission equipment, since it's a proven design. Glossing over how prohibitively expensive all that would be, it's all ridiculously obsolete technology. The smart phone in your pocket has more computing power than the Apollo craft. Analog vs digital. Miniturization of components. Modern alloys and ceramics far superior to those used in the 1960s. The list goes on. Another issue is that the intent of going back to the Moon is to establish a more permanent presence there, which itself poses a massive list of challenges. That's the only way to taxpayers are going to buy off on this endeavour, that there's going to be a massive payoff in the long-term - "beating the Reds" is no longer the impetus.
Consider it an investment in the future.
Standard vinyl or even comfort grips do not inhibit the conduction of electricity. I don't know what material these grips are specifically, but I know they're rated to protect against 1000V
Yea it's kind of a weird addition. I suppose they opted for that instead of adding a whole tray of [insulated crescent wrenches](https://www.kctoolco.com/wiha-20190-14-piece-insulated-open-end-wrench-sae-pouch-set/)
There's one particular project I will be doing more often in the future that necessitates working live; this was an investment for that and any growth work. Also not my money.
Don't forget the metric set too!
Very neat. For me: her shoulders could be a little broader, her thighs a tad smaller (though still muscular), and her chest a little fuller. All her size seems concentrated in her lower half - her legs look bigger than her torso.
Had a team like this in one of my leagues. Recruited all the best players from the rest of the league. Unbeatable, would always run the score up, mercy rule by 3rd inning. Not even remotely a fun game. Finally had to tell them to dial it down, or we were just going to forfeit beforehand and save ourselves the trouble of basically fielding their batting practice. A couple other teams did the same. Since they truly wanted to play, they actually listened and tried to keep the game competitive. They still won most games handily, but it was no longer discouraging to even show up.
Is it a waste of money and added bureaucracy? On its face, sure. The Air Force already has their Space Command to handle everything the Space Corps will. But trying to see it optimistically: the Air Force has a lot of balls in the air, in terms of logistics and combat operations - transportation of personnel and material, air interdiction and maintaining air superiority, ground attack and close air support, and scouting/surveillance. Add to that satelite tasking/tracking, weather tracking/forecasting, ballistic missile programs (both offensive and defensive), maintaining communication and GPS systems, and spacelift... it's a lot for one branch. I think USAF Space Command has like 25k personnel (not counting civilians and contractors). Making a dedicated branch to focus on what will inevitably become a major playing field in the decades to come may not be the worst idea. And they should totally use [these ranks](https://i.redd.it/hqfo7v99st411.jpg)
&gt;1911 Two world wars! &gt;millimeter [Heretic](https://giphy.com/gifs/ac7MA7r5IMYda)
Bucket Brigade in Cape May Court House and 7 Mile in Rio Grande are great. I've only been to newly-opened Gusto in North Cape May once, but I enjoyed my samplings. There is also CoHo in CMCH, but I've not been yet. Mudhen in Wildwood has great food but meh beer IMO. Cold Spring has a great asthetic but the beer is subpar. And to mix it up - Nauti Spirits in NCM is a fantastic distillery.
Burst of compressed gas to flip the chariot
This whole scene, including Jor-El's voiceover and Hans Zimmer's score, is one of the finest scenes in cinema. Absolutely breathtaking. You know that video of the father showing it to his young son, [and the wonder and awe he displays](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXAva_gO8Qk)? That was me in the theater, at 29 years old, with tears in my eyes.
Not even remotely surprised if this is true. RT is a culture unto itself, and the people that go to work there fresh out of college or art school are full of passion and idealism... really easy to take advantage of folks when they're so emotionally invested in the work.
Those are actually bad examples. 3 of them are company founders, and Gavin has multiple sources of income from Slo-mo Guys, film work, and not to mention sharing living expenses with another web personality who likely makes 6 figures a year as well.
They are likely full of shit.
I'm not disagreeing, I'm saying using Geoff, Gus, or Burnie as examples isn't going to work, *since they founded the company*, so of course they're going to be extremely well-paid.
Went to Gusto in North Cape May with the wife, where we did tasters of the whole board. Really loved their Peculiar Blueberry Pieman, a milkshake IPA, and Of Course It's Cashmere, their DIPA. Took home a growler of Jessie's Girl, their heff.
The Hound is about the only one who got a good ending.
Yea, kinda does
&gt;As it’s been stated many times before on the other post, they owe fans nothing in regard to this, Completely wrong. Fans - more importantly *paying* fans/customers - have a right to know if a company they are supporting is engaging in unethical or illegal business practices, as has been alleged.
The fact that it is such a tight knit community is why they're being held to a higher standard. RT prides itself on being so community-based/focused and anti-corporate. Massive conglomerates dont give a shit about the individual customer. I don't get to hear from the CEO of Apple about his nice house or new Tesla or sailing adventures, but I do get to hear about Burnie's every other week. Which was fine, except now instead of thinking "he's earned it, burnie works his ass off" it's "did burnie pay for that by illegally exploiting his staff?". Obviously I'm being a little hyperbolic, but the point is that now whenever any of the "talent" brags - for lack of a better term - about their international vacations, new cars, and so on in videos/podcasts, folks are going to wonder if it came at the expense of short-changing the behind-the-scenes staff.
Chicken pox vaccine is relatively new, yea? I'm an 80s kid, it was just standard practice for everyone to get it, even expose kids purposely to it so they wouldn't get it as an adult. My 3 siblings got it around the same time, but I never did... or more correctly, I did but was asymptomatic because I have the antibodies for it according to my bloodwork.
Return to Sender: Not Deliverable At This Address
Technically there are 4 Cape Mays. but North Cape May isn't even on the same island, and is part of Lower Township.
There's 4. Cape May, Cape May Point, West Cape May, and North Cape May. Difference being NCM isn't its own municipality.
Here's the problem: tax rates and debt. Wildwood proper has a shit-ton of debt, that North Wildwood and Wildwood Crest want no part of. Property taxes vary greatly between the Wildwoods, and while NWW and especially WWC have great housing and infrastructure, Wildwood is full of tenements and illegally subdivided housing, condemned buildings, and antiquated commercial property. The Wildwoods could go to shared services, but currently WWC and NWW police and EMS are far better paid and have a lighter load than Wildwood emergency services; WWC does not have a paid fire department, only volunteer. WWC is also a dry town and may want to keep it that way (it's up for a vote soon I think). Then there's the matter of politics; each mayor/commissioner and police chief enjoy their own little fiefdoms, and none will be jumping at the chance to give those up. West Wildwood for sure should be absorbed by one of the other towns, or at least give up emergency services. There's no reason they should have a police force of 5 people - one being the mayor's daughter by appointment, since they don't use civil service tests - with a chief (who is also the mayor's girlfriend) who makes 6 figures a year and rarely stays longer than an hour at the office. The reason Fox is so keen to merge is because he's embroiled in his own corruption scandals, and is liable to get voted out next election. I'd put any amount of money down that whenever the police chief - who is also collecting a multi-million dollar settlement from the city - is eligible to retire, they both dip out to Florida.
She's mistaken, unfortunately - *no one* who reads that is going to have the cognizance to think that they're "that guy". They're so far detached from reality that they'll agree with what she's saying, buy not know she's talking about them
NTA. She can send a card to the family expressing her condolences
No, it's for future issues, if you develop any. About 2 years ago, I developed a persistent cough and what feels like a lump in my throat when I swallow. Even though I'm a nonsmoker, I feared cancer. I was in the burn pit registry from a deployment 14 years ago (Jesus has it been that long??), so went to the VA. They performed a laryngoscopy, and discovered no cancer thankfully, but did find the cartilage above my vocal cords was damaged. Submitted for compensation, did a C&amp;P exam featuring another "pleasant" laryngoscopy to confirm, got rated another 10% without any fuss. Doc used my burn put registry as justification ("chronic condition likely due to exposure to burn pits")
It's not. NCM is part of Lower Township, not any of the other Cape Mays
Hittin that Diet Double Dew before catching the freshest nar nar!
Percussive maintenance is a thing all maintainers do. So is turning it off and on again, or disconnecting and then reconnecting an electrical connection. Source: 8 years Army aviation
No
Phil Murphy is a cocksucker
Nothing new, he's just bitching that Sweeney is only putting *some* of his bullshit up for a vote, not all of it.
[Nice burn](https://youtu.be/NDTU0Q_07Pk)
Nope. Closest i got is a 6 star AIM Assaulter (who is only ranked to 4 stars)
That man ~~has~~ had a family!
You don't have to dispose of your mags over 10 rounds - they can be pinned to hold 10; a lot of gun stores in NJ will do it for a pittance. Also, no one is checking your luggage when you cross the border, so if they make it to your new house and then you lose them in a tragic boating accident, then so be it.
Murphy keeps parroting this bullshit, and no one (press or politician) calls him out on it: &gt; The progressive governor said that by refusing to increase gun licensing fees, “dog licenses will continue to cost more than gun licenses across New Jersey.” The fee for a dog license is roughly $10 - varies by town. While it's true that a pistol permit is only $2, that's literally for the piece of paper only. It's an additional $18 for the *mandatory* criminal background check when submitting the paperwork, and upwards of $35 (varies by gun dealer) for the NICS check when you go to purchase the weapon. So every handgun purchased in NJ has a frontload cost of roughly $55. And that's presuming you have the mandated Firearms ID Card, which is $5 for the paper, another $18 for the background check, and roughly $60 for fingerprinting. So no, governor - gun "licenses" are not cheaper than dog licenses.
Pay when you pick up.
&gt;Nonprofits are not allowed to make political statements or support candidates. Dozens of US churches have very blatantly violated these restrictions to support political candidates or vilify candidates they don't want parishioners to vote for. They (these churches or the parent organizations from whom they derive their 501c3 status) should absolutely lose their status over such violations So should the ACLU, Planned Parenthood, the VFW and DAV, the Boy Scouts, and just about every major non-profit in the country, because they all violate those rules.
Right in my neck of the woods.
Yes - [Kill A Watt](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00009MDBU/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_9qleDbSA9RDMT) Presuming your home is wired properly. The majority of your outlets will be on a 15A circuit; your kitchen is probably on a 20A. Your circuits should be on breakers that will open or trip if the current draw exceeds that. If they didn't trip that's where a risk of fire comes, from overload. Many (but certainly not all) power strips have built-in breakers or fuses to prevent the same issue; these are what many folks call surge protectors, though not all power strips are surge protectors. Most things you use everyday have a low amp draw - lights, TV, cell phone charger, ceiling/desktop fan, etc. typically don't draw over 1 amp. Desktop computers, window-unit air conditioners, space heaters, refrigerators, vacuum cleaners, power tools, and such all draw much more, up to 12 even 15 amps. So it can all add up quickly; your usual draw could be 5 amps, and spike if you turn on the A/C or decide to vacuum. Your breaker should trip if the surge is too high. Anyway, your risk of a fire is likely low unless you have faulty or inadequate devices (outlets, breakers, power strips). 12AWG extension cords and surge protectors rated for 15A should allay some concern. Don't daisy chain power strips or outlet splitters, and try not to have all your electrical equipment in one outlet.
"Could not complete; homeowner's property obstructing work area and interfering with safe ladder practices IAW OSHA Standard 1926.1053"
I picked one of these up off Amazon a few weeks ago (same price). I really like it, and it was a big hit at my local range yesterday for a match. The app is really simple to use and has enough functionality for the average shooter. That said, the ammo-can version of this gas been replaced by a more modular unit. On the plus side, it's more compact, the camera has more functionality, and the wireless device and camera no longer share a battery. The trade off is, of course, the price went up. Honestly if there was an app out there with similar functionality to Bullseye's, but worked with any wireless camera, it be really easy and relatively cheap to build your own range camera.
Just a heads-up, the low resolution makes spotting .22 holes on black targets a little difficult, especially if in the shade. Any other color, no problem.
Is that for 2? Because that's not exactly a deal for 1
Oh I hear that - it's why I bought mine just recently, despite looking into them a few years ago. The black target thing isn't really a knock-on the system. The conditions just weren't optimal - target in the shade, dense foliage behind the backstop, small caliber round. You probably could use black with no problem if in full sun, larger caliber round, etc.
I bet that sucker leaks like a sieve.
My only complain would be still having to go into my local PD to do mental health release. Also needing to remember my addresses from the last 10 years.
Hard pass
Exactly this
Man I can't wait to see Reddit's huge boner deflate when Mueller basically reads his report to Congress, and no "got 'em!" moment arises.
I need a new rifle in 7.62x39. Already have an SKS. Don't want an AR-type like the Mutant. Hard mode: I live in NJ I was thinking a PTR32. But also a Galil ACE
Sig Sauer P320 RX, with Romeo1 red dot, in 9mm
Do you like a clear, full view of your target? Do you like your shots to go exactly where you aim? Do you like the color red? Do you like to look cool? Put the dot on.
I beat you by 8 minutes, bot
Very interesting
NJ has a similar - albeit easier, for now - requirement. We present our Firearms ID card to purchase handgun ammo; acquiring a FID requires a background check (to include fingerprinting). It is a nuisance - it does nothing to curb crime. I can just go over the border to Delaware or Pennsylvania to buy ammo, or buy it online and have it shipped to me (I'm a competitive shooter, so I buy in bulk). Most criminals who use firearms in NJ do not have Firearms IDs, nor do they acquire their guns and ammo through legal means. There are efforts in the state legislature to expand this requirement to all ammo bought in the state, and to eliminate the ability to buy ammo online. Again, this will only affect law-abiding gun owners, and not criminals.
Do you have to show that license to someone every time you want to drive, or retake that test (at your own expense, of course) on a regular basis?
If found to have violated traffic law. A police officer cannot pull you over just to check your drivers license. They need probable cause. That's not the same scenario. For equivalency: before you start driving - every individual time - you would have show your drivers license to someone, to demonstrate you are authorized to drive.
I am overly amused by this
Spoiler alert: It's fucking Subway, giving you a footlong of feelings
It's gotta be a bit. "The entertainment industry is too hard and stressful", but going to law school and becoming a lawyer is totally relaxing and easy.
Don't besmirch that beautiful Southern belle!
That be nice, though personally I'd rather see another non-minion Ravager, like Kraglin or Taserface
Wut? Shit was easy. We just kept spare buckets filled to swap out the whole load, reload them while we had a lull on the pads.
Added in as part of [CMWS](https://www.baesystems.com/en-us/product/anaar57-common-missile-warning-system-cmws) in like 05 (for Apaches)
Face-build Valla melts him
I guess because it was still new (OIF 05) and the CMWS system was way too sensitive (at the time), my unit didn't care. No TI, no paperwork. Plus I was AVIM so we only had to worry about what came to the FARP
So funny. When I first started watching this "series", I thought Elyse was just baked out of her gourd.
I have absolutely zero *need* for this weapon. But I have a mighty powerful *want*
I have such a stockpile of Blitz dollary-doos just waiting for an Asgardian to get put in the store. Or literally anyone that isn't available outside of orbs. The last addition was Rhino months ago.
Si vis pacem, para bellum
NTA. John is such an incredibly common name (this coming from someone named Michael), that the significance of naming someone that in honor of someone is really lost. You are correct in your feelings about how "John Doe" will be received, just as if your last name were Smith. The "strong family connection" is really a stretch. If were a name that was uncommon or even odd, I could see that argument. If it were something like Norman or Mervin or Harold or another "old person" name, then I could buy what she's selling. But John is just to common to really elicit such a strong reaction. If she wants to honor her grandfather like that, give him John as a middle name, or a double first name with John as the 2nd part. My cousin is "Thomas John" - double first name, no middle name - but has always gone by "TJ". The other option would be to make his legal name John, but call him something else: both my grandfather and my uncle (his oldest son) are John, but go by Jack and Jay, respectively
And like clockwork, the usual celebs made their political statements anyway
This is me at the hospital today, as all the different nurses and techs introduced themselves
Like him or not, that's pretty cool that Wildwood is hosting the President of the United States.
Common practice, even in training. OPSEC issues.
Go the Gotham route, and don't put him in a fat suit.
Well it's either Donna or Jackie from *That 70s Show.* Do I get double the money if I do both? Because I'm willing to make that sacrifice
I'm as straight as they come, but Henry Cavill could get it
1999 - 2001 the US wasn't involved in any conflict, excluding enforcing the Iraqi No Fly Zone leftover from the Gulf War in 91. Also a 3 year gap between the war in Bosnia (ended 95) to the war in Kosovo (started 98).
Billionaires donate more money to charity and good causes in one year than you and I will earn in a lifetime.
The same guy who didn't think Ertz's touchdown in the Superbowl was a completion. He is trash.
We already decoded the message and are building the specified device therein, but rumor is Jake Busey is going to blow it up.
I work for the Coast Guard (civilian marine electrician), and they are in the process of upgrading a particular class of patrol boats with new generators and a switchboard. The previous system was almost entirely analog, while the new system is almost entirely digital. If something went wrong on the old system, rarely was a tech rep ever needed; if the crew couldn't fix it, I could as the next level of maintenance. With the new system, the generator controllers require a tech rep (Woodward), the switchboard itself requires a different tech rep (Powergen), and the generators require a different tech rep (John Deere) - there are no troubleshooting procedures in the CG manual database, and they are not provided the tools/software to access the devices. This is planned, of course, and spans all aspects of the military (I was Army aviation and then worked for Boeing Defense); 100s of thousands, if not millions of dollars are spent each year on outside contractors to fix fairly basic problems IF the operators had access. Thankfully I was able to convince my command to send me to the Woodward generator control training.
Actually thinking of going. I've worked and trained with Van Drew's veterans coordinator, might hit him up to see what's what
Thx!
Please no... I have a catheter in at the moment, and getting an erection would be quite unpleasant.
Somebody fucking hug that guy
Did this a few times in the Army with all my unit's Apache helicopters. Never heard it called an "elephant walk" though
Unknown. My first post op exam is the 21st, so maybe after that?
In 2007 I broke my neck while in the Army. I also tore a few discs, when progressively got worse over time - pain, stiffness, headaches. Starting in 2018 I started getting recurrent pain in my (nondominant) left arm and numbness/tingling in parts of my left hand, which gradually became constant and incapacitating, while also impeding ability to sleep. MRIs showed massive herniations at C4/5/6, pressing on the nerve. Also have bone spurs, arthritis, and spinal stenosis. So this past summer I spoke with a neurosurgeon about treatment. Originally we tried an epidural but it didn't take. So opted for this procedure
I'm 71.75 inches tall, barefoot. So I just round up. Just easier to say 6ft, and since in shoes I'll have that extra quarter inch
Surprisingly very little, though I do have a high pain tolerance, and everyone reacts differently. A friend of mine got a similar procedure 2 years ago and was in a lot of pain for the first few days. I haven't need any narcotics, just tylenol and celebrex (muscle relaxer). I was pretty sore yesterday when trying to move, but not bad today. If i kept my head on the pillow and didnt move there was very little pain. Worst thing is probably the sore throat - in addition to being intubated, they also have to push the esophagus to the side to access the discs.
Mine were from a cadaver, but they also can take it from your own hip, as well as have synthetic ones
No, commercial aircraft do not have electronic countermeasures. A military aircraft can detect if they are being targeted by radar, laser, or infrared systems.
Send that to the school board
[CMWS](https://www.baesystems.com/en-us/product/anaar57-common-missile-warning-system-cmws)
Launch/approach
Looks to be a step up from the short-range unguided 70mm Hydra rockets, and not a replacement for the Hellfire missile (or that missile's forthcoming replacement). There was a push, many years ago, to develop a guided version of the Hydras, but never came to fruition. While the Hellfire is very effective at tank-busting, it's overkill for taking out lightly armored vehicles or troops in the open.
Gun locks in general - but especially the ones provided by gun manufacturers for new purchases, in accordance with federal law - are security theater. They are do easily defeatable it's understandable why a lot of folks don't use them.
You don't "unintentionally" fire a fucking surface to air missile.
Making money. I'm sure there's way more dollarydoos available for selling nudes/lewds online than there is for hosting.
YTA. You celebrated the death of another person, and you lied about it to your sister because you knew it was wrong. This person may have treated you poorly, but likely had family and friends that cared a great deal for him - some of which you dismissed/mocked in regards to the social media posts. It's one thing to feel relief or even happiness that you'll be free of your bully's torment, *but then you made the conscious decision to have a celebration about it.*
About time.
Don't know anything local to me, but I've been watching [this guy](https://www.instagram.com/knockoutlights/?hl=en) and a few others that put out some solid drills you can do on your own.
Bake a cake. No recipe, just ingredients. Figure that shit out.
Nothing
I've only ever heard the one song from her, so hopefully there's other songs of hers that demonstrate why this isn't an awful idea
I was in the hospital overnight (scheduled surgery), and when I got home my 2 dogs reacted like I'd been gone for a month. Having no concept of time must be rough
What standing does he have? Legitimate question.
&gt;completely excluding all trans people or all black people from your dating pool is pretty close minded. The only way this is true is if you are excluding those types specifically because of social factors, not physical features. One can legitimately find the physical features of a certain race or other type unattractive, whether that be skin color, eye shape, hair, etc. If someone says they won't date a certain race/culture because they don't like the customs or "typical" personality of said race/culture, then yes that is close-minded. It is not close-minded for a heterosexual male to say they have no interest in dating any trans women, because trans women either a) have a penis, b) have a literal gaping wound facsimile of a vagina, and/or c) cannot bear children. All 3 things are perfectly reasonable for that person to find unattractive.
It's fairly typical of his videos
Someone could make a fortune if they designed and sold a wearable device that scrambled your face from all electronic surveillance.
Case in point: Atomic Blonde Edit: clarification that Atomic Blonde was great IMO, and that an original Bond-esque female character can be successful
I like how this innocuous and fact-providing post is downvoted
I think t\_d is being a bit disingenuous when they say that the removed post in question was a "rule abiding, factually correct post ", when the title was *Bernie masturbates to rape fantasy -* which is conjecture at best and more likely just an edgelord title to get clicks or to disparage Sanders... absolutely shocking from a user with the name **BernieSukcz**. Also I question the veracity of the "permanent suspension", since that would be a ban; clicking on the users profile shows they are suspended, not banned. I would also be curious how many actionable offenses - if any - that user committed before he/she was suspended.
Depends on what type of tear gas being used. Stuff like CS is an aerosol, it's a particulate, so yes N95 or N99 filters should work (for the lungs, not eyes/skin/mucous membranes obviously). But if it's a product that has an actual "gas" or vapor component to it, then particle masks won't be enough - an OV (organic vapor) cartridge would be needed.
That's not suspect as fuck at all...
Since it's a federal holiday might find a lot of them are closed
I'm a bit skeptical they're going to name a full-size "super carrier" after him... maybe an amphibious assault ship, which are kind of mini-carriers. One would think - if they're going to eschew naming it after Presidents and admirals and lineage ships as is current practice - they would then pick a Medal of Honor winner, or a naval aviator of great acclaim.
The mental gymnastics here... Calling cops "pigs" is an insult, not a lighthearted joke; this is established, not up for debate. Whether you think it's fairly innocuous/tame or "not a big deal" is irrelevant. If an employee of a busines insulted you, would you not expect there to be consequences for that? It's unprofessional, and no - it doesnt matter if he's just flipping burgers, there are still standards of conduct. Kid wants to be a clown, now he's free to join the circus.
I haven't rented in a while, so might be outdated: **READ YOUR LEASE**, before signing it. Some landlords will slip some bullshit in there, much of which isn't enforceable. Do everything in writing, as best you can. Email chains are great records. For "official" communication, a certified letter is typically required as proper notice. Photograph your unit - not just deficiencies, but everything. Document deficiencies in detail. If your landlord drags their feet on major repairs (like a busted heater, or water leaking from the unit above), you are allowed to either withhold rent until repaired, or make repairs yourself (or hire someone) and have it deducted from the rent. But check the laws on what qualifies, how much time/notice is needed, etc. - it's got to be something that affects the habitability of the place. Your security deposit is supposed to be placed in an interest-bearing account, and you are entitled to the interest. After paying it, within 30 days your landlord should give you the info of the account it's been placed in. If your security deposit is to be used to make repairs, you are entitled to an itemized list of what needs repairs, how much it cost, and (I think) who did the work. So they can't charge you $400 to make a repair that cost $90. Also I think they have 30 days from end of lease to do that, otherwise they forfeit it and are liable for double the amount plus court costs if you go to court. When you move out, you are only responsible for stuff beyond normal wear and tear, and leaving the place "broom clean".
Rothman Institute
Yea, corrected
Rarely. Joint-service training purposes only
While I thought the loss of Bruce and Lawdog would be a major detriment, I gotta say the gameplays with the editor crew (Jon Smith, Jacob, Red State Ryan) with Alanah have been really solid.
A&amp;P will open more opportunities, not necessarily more pay. You're also not limited to staying in aviation - I went from doing avionics on 64s and 47s to doing marine electrical for the Coast Guard Look at Boeing and Lockheed first. Then try contracting houses like [Aerotek](https://www.aerotek.com/jobs/search) or smaller companies like [Xcalibur](https://xcaliburaircraftsolutions.com/). Linkedin is helpful.
I think Adam started it and the fanbase ran with it
We live in a country of psychological hypochondriacs
Great, because those .22 caliber, bolt-action rifles and over/under shotguns were a real menace to society.
Already planned prior, and the detour is minor.
It's not so much that he's too big for funhaus, like it would be *beneath* him, as he's too busy with his projects, and that he lives and primarily works in Europe. Scheduling would just be a nightmare
No Man's Sky 2 busting out the next-level graphics
I had a similar issue last year. I am disabled, and one of the conditions I have is degenerative so it was causing me to miss more work as it got worse. I was using my PTO, never went into a no-pay status, but upper management got wind and put me on leave restriction to "help" me build up my leave balances (completely ignored my input). Part of that was reducing the 3 day point for the need of a doctor's note to just 1 day. So I applied for a reasonable accommodation for my disability, with part of the justification being that it was an unacceptable financial burden (and frankly asinine) to have to pay a $25 co-pay to be told by a doctor each time that I have this disabling condition that incapacitates me **that I and management already know about and provided documentation for when I was hired 5 years ago**. This was denied... illegally I might add, which I later got overturned during an EEO complaint. Then management wanted me to do FMLA paperwork to take unpaid leave for these absences, even though I had leave on the books... again, against policy, and overturned during my EEO complaint. Eventually the leave restriction was removed and they got off my nuts, but it was such a hassle.
It varies greatly - there are 330 million Americans: some have great insurance, some have good insurance, some have crappy insurance, and some have no insurance. I have good insurance. It costs me $25 to see a doctor. I pay $150ish/month (roughly 3.5% of my salary) for the coverage for my wife and I.
Like so many things in relationships, this is not a black and white issue - there's a ton of nuance. I am intimately acquainted with the homewrecker concept, having been in that situation. If a complete stranger, someone you never have and never will have any interaction with, engages in an affair with your spouse - even if they're aware of the marriage - then I can agree with you. At the end of the day, a stranger doesn't owe you anything, as there is no relationship between you two. But let's say it's YOUR friend, or coworker, or a *family member* (and yes, this one happens a lot), that entices your spouse into an affair. They are fully, maybe even intimately, aware of your marriage. Perhaps they used inside information - something YOU might have relayed to them - to lure your spouse, or prey on their insecurities. This is a person that you trust, that you respect, and they completely betray that trust and respect for their own benefit. Yes, your spouse did that as well and shares in greater responsibility, but your friend or family member (and to a lesser extent a coworker) has a duty to you that a stranger doesn't: to not abuse the mutual trust and respect of your relationship. With your example about the beer company: that's a faceless, soulless entity. Now imagine your best friend kept irresponsibly feeding your spouse drinks, and then let your spouse drive, where they got killed. You're telling me youre going to remain best friends with the person that has great responsibility in your spouse's death?
Of course. I could pay more per month to have no co-pays.
&gt;i think it’s a great law since the the job market is already heavily populated with workers. i’m 18 and getting a part time job takes a lot of time and often bosses barely give hours. What does that have to do with this law?
Awesome. Good job. &gt; Furries are enthusiasts who celebrate characters and stories involving anthropomorphic animals, or fictitious characters that have human traits ... and what else, CNN? I feel like you're leaving some key points out.
Exactly 0 people have been killed by a 3D-printed gun
Yup, let's screw over small-business owners (and their employees) as well as people trying to kick cigarettes or at least use something somewhat healthier because *THINK OF THE CHILDREN!*^(TM) and fear-mongering.
If the customer was talking to the bartender, and not just pontificating to the bar patrons in general, he should not have been removed. While certainly negative, the comments reported are not particularly egregious enough to warrant ejecting him from the restaurant without warning - no slurs, no profanity, divisive but not disruptive. No different if he was discussing politics, and was praising Trump or was lambasting Democrats, and other patrons or the supervisor found it distasteful. Or better yet, if he was bemoaning the Hasidics in the Lakewood area like this sub LOVES to do. If he was being overly loud, you ask him to quiet down; he ignores the warning, then you send him out. Guy starts throwing out slurs, banging on the bar, shouting, making threats, *directly* harassing other customers, or cursing up a storm, then it's a different story, but otherwise you don't get to police people's speech because you don't like it. \&gt; “I didn’t want anybody to think that is something our company stands for, **or I’ll ever allow**," Breaud told NJ Advance Media in an interview. **“That’s not my character. That’s not how I was raised.”** She doesn't get to make that choice for the company. She does not get to use her personal beliefs to kick someone out because she disagrees with a patron's opinions, ignorant as they may be. Dollars to donuts that this type of situation is covered in their supervisor/manager handbook, and she didn't follow the prescribed remedies. \&gt; “Asking guests who are offended (rightfully so) by derogatory remarks to get up and move does not WOW them. **Imagine if the guests had pulled out their cell phones and recorded me telling them if they were ‘so offended’ they could move.** That is not the message I want to send my guests,” Except there are multiple ways to do just that without sounding like a patronizing dick. Like while you may personally agree with their complaints, you cannot eject another patron for having a controversial discussion, per company policy; you offer to move them, you offer to comp their meals/drinks/whatever, you give them the corporate hotline number to lodge a complaint. She also could have informed the bartender of the complaints and directed her to change the subject or not to engage in that type of conversation. She didn't even try. She wasn't looking out for the company, she was looking out for herself - how SHE would look. And that's her prerogative, just don't throw a fit when the company doesn't have your back. \&gt; The next day, Breaud filed a written complaint with the human resources department that was not investigated, the suit said. **Breaud said she began experiencing insomnia and anxiety attacks as a result of the incident.** Oh so she's a mental case... this makes more sense now. This is literally the day after a customer said mean things not to or about her, and her boss told her she was wrong in the action she took but didn't take any adverse action against her, and she's falling to pieces. (I haven't drank the Kool-aid most of the rest of this sub has, so feed me your downvotes)
K let's not split hairs
Exactly 0 people have been shot with a 3D-printed gun.
Perfectly legal. Some sites might ask for a scanned-in copy of your FID and license, but otherwise no issues. Check [gun.deals](https://gun.deals/)
I only remove it when I shower, do the dishes, or work on live voltage (I'm an electrician). I would probably remove it if i went swimming
INFO: based on your "u" in colo*u*r - I can safely presume you're not American, and I don't know the ins and outs of your country's collegiate system. In an American college/university, if you have a disability that requires accommodation, there is an office to make those requests that then gets recorded and implemented. They **must** go through that office or the prescribed process, just asking the professor isn't enough; every college course I have ever taken has always had a statement in the syllabus regarding this program. It's not automatically granted; there is typically some medical documentation or other compelling evidence needed to support one's claim, and typically it's a collaborative effort between the requester, professor, and admin officials to find a reasonable accommodation. [Here is my former university's program](https://stockton.edu/wellness-center/disability-services/accommodation-process.html), for reference. If your university has a similar office/program to handle disability accommodations, and you didn't use that avenue first, then YTA.
This comes up every year. Some company always does this - I think last year's story was a government agency. #Those foods were literally some of the man's favorites. It's not racist or insensitive. Grow the fuck up.
Story keeps changing from legitimate news agencies: * His eldest daughter was also on-board and killed. * All four of his daughters were also on-board and killed. * Rick Fox was on-board and killed. All in the last 30 minutes. Ridiculous. Is journalism basically ambulance chasing now? **Stop putting out unverified information, you slimy fucks.** Anyway, really tragic. Not even a basketball fan, but no denying the man's record-breaking contributions to the sport, and will always be one of the GOATs. I'm very interested in the cause, as a former helicopter mechanic. Mechanical failure likelihood is low, but not impossible. Pictures I've seen from the crash site show low visibility - overcast and foggy - and may have been pilot error (not to blame the dead). May have hit a downdraft or a pocket of air, or found itself in a vortex ring state, that didn't allow them to get any lift.
&gt;Other two are speculation That's my point. The news should not be *speculating* on the deaths.
The local ABC, NBC, and CBS stations are tabloids?
Yes, [here's the video](https://twitter.com/i/status/1221529073786195969)
Didn't know "Nakers" was the new N-word.
An S-76 helicopter - the type used here - has twin turbines. Turbines don't "sputter" like a piston engine, and even if there was a single turbine failure, the other one is capable of supporting flight.
I work for the Coast Guard (civilian marine electrician), and they are in the process of upgrading a particular class of patrol boats with new generators and a switchboard. The previous system was almost entirely analog, while the new system is almost entirely digital. If something went wrong on the old system, rarely was a tech rep ever needed; if the crew couldn't fix it, I could as the next level of maintenance. With the new system, the generator controllers require a tech rep (Woodward), the switchboard itself requires a different tech rep (Powergen), and the generators require a different tech rep (John Deere) - there are no troubleshooting procedures in the CG manual database, and they are not provided the tools/software to access the devices. This is planned, of course, and spans all aspects of the military (I was Army aviation and then worked for Boeing Defense); 100s of thousands, if not millions of dollars are spent each year on outside contractors to fix fairly basic problems IF the operators had access. Thankfully I was able to convince my command to send me to the Woodward generator control training.
Looks a lot like my plott hound
I will preface this by saying I know that you're just a marketing/community relations person, Cerebro, and you have zero input on business decisions (and any feedback you provide on behalf is likely summarily dismissed by C-suite beancounters): &gt;Again, MARVEL Strike Force will remain the game you know and love, and we will continue to work to improve the player experience based on all of your feedback. I'm going to quote this for posterity, because - as Scopely's history has shown - they have heavily leaned toward Pay-2-Win strategies in their other mobile games, and are currently embroiled in a class-action lawsuit for (among other things) devaluing in-game items after players had already paid for with real money. Only a very tiny minority of those playing this game are asking for more Pay-2-Win options. In fact, the overwhelming majority of players have asked for the lessening or removal of barriers that hinder progression, namely the gold crunch, as well as the inability to acquire/uprank certain characters in any way outside of *GAMBLING* via Orbs like Colossus and Namor, or in the case of Elsa Bloodstone and Ghost Rider: no way to gain shards in-game currently, except for the rare 24hr Blitz which typically provides minuscule rewards for time invested. Also make no mistake, people: Scopely has earned over **1 BILLION** dollars in revenue, and only has around 500 employees. So if the push for more cash purchases arises in MSF, it has nothing to do with them hurting for money.
NTA. As a fellow disabled combat veteran - with the added bonus of my disabilities being unseen because I don't have a prosthetic or require the use of a cane or other device - it is infuriating when someone tries to be all self-righteous with you, typically in the name of OTHER people. People like that need to be put in their place, and you did exactly what I would have done in your situation. You have every right to be angry and to vent your frustrations, and you gave back the aggression/hostility you received. And the icing on the cake is after you called this twatwaffle out on her bullshit, she didn't even have the decency (or courage) to apologize to you.
And in the age of everyone having a cellphone in their pocket, none of this was captured on camera, right?
I'm not there, but know some folks who are and have seen some videos and livestreams. Seems pretty relaxed/jovial. Once in a lifetime opportunity for some folks in this area to see the President of the United States come to town.
It's the middle of winter - a great majority of the locals attending are either retirees or business owners. Now the out-of-state folks, that's a different story.
[Anti-vaxxers showed up to protest Trump.](https://twitter.com/i/status/1222215407198785536) What a time to be alive...
I'm not getting my hopes up, but that sure would be nice. There's no empirical evidence that shows bigger mag capacity = more murder, or vice versa.
Great flick. People don't realize - because it hasn't happened in the US in generations - is that it's not the mass deaths of a pandemic that is the only concern, but the breakdown of services, and thus of society, that comes with it. People stop working, people stop getting paid, food shortages, utility outages, etc... civility is the first thing to go when you and your family are hungry/thirsty/freezing to death, and the govt is no where to be found.
&gt;But why would I want to work at a federal telework facility, when I could just telework from my living room? In the case of one of my guys who teleworks: he commuted 1.5hrs from home to our office, which was fine when he teleworked 3 days per week (an agreement he had for years). Then they reduced his telework to 1 day per week because - no bullshit - the new CO didn't get to work from home 3 days per week, so she didn't think my guy should either. 15 minutes from his house was a USDA office that he seriously looked into trying to get at least another day of telework at to cut down on the driving he was doing. It was mainly trying to make the best of a shitty situation. He eventually got his original telework agreement restored.
Way to dodge a bullet there. Make sure to report the company for doing shoddy work, and burn them on social sites
Plug and play components that can be swapped out quickly. Typically would not require any structural/electrical modifications to install, and have minimal interferences to get to.
It was expected; there were no collection points, and you weren't allowed to bring anything inside the venue - and once you were screened you couldn't leave without losing your spot. They're not going to pay Public Works overtime to clean up that night. [It was all gone by noon today](https://www.facebook.com/pg/North-Wildwood-Recreation-and-Tourism-268155922823/photos/?ref=page_internal). Non-issue This happens at the vast majority of major events; hell, this happens every day in the summer just at the beaches, where this sub loves to share photos of overflowing trashcans. It's got nothing to do with politics - it's laziness. Edit: Also according to the city of North Wildwood, the blankets and chairs were collected by a few local charities to be donated to homeless shelters.
&gt; Sanders plans on introducing a national ban on facial recognition that can be enforced on a state and local level. As Reddit likes to keep reiterating: it is not the state/local governments job to enforce federal laws
Meh. My high school was the Crusaders - not gonna cry crocodile tears because it "glorifies" war or killing.
Because it's still 2 "features" allowed before a semi-auto rifle becomes an "assault weapon"... but of course the detachable magazine - the most common mechanic of the vast majority of firearms created in the last 100 years - is considered 1 feature already. But keep in mind that Comrade Murphy and the rest of the Politburo like Weinberg, Oliver, etc. would like nothing more than to make that 1 "feature", which would essentially ban all AR style rifles since you could have the detachable mag but nothing else, including a pistol grip. Actually let's not get it twisted: Murphy, Weinberg, et al. do not believe in the 2nd Amendment at all, and do not believe that the average citizen should have access to firearms. And let's talk about those features, shall we? Not a single one of them makes an AR more deadly. A collapsible stock, pistol grip, flash suppressor, the ***motherfucking bayonet mount,*** and so on do not make the weapon any more deadly. It's primarily ergonomics. Limiting or outlawing those things does nothing to save lives - those are purely "feel good" regulations. And the worst part about it, when they see that their impotent regulations do nothing to stop extremists and psychos... because why would they... there are those in the govt who will use that as an excuse to regulate even further.
As a recent convert to the bidet lifestyle, I highly recomend it
Ages ranged 13-24... gang-related, I presume?
They have legitimate, sponsored competitions about who can blow the fattest vape cloud. We've surpassed peak idiocy.
The gun on the F-35 was never intended to be used *primarily* in a ground attack role. The fighter's magazine holds 180 25mm rounds; by comparison, the A-10's magazine holds over 1000 of the larger 30mm rounds.
Nobody wants to buy that bullshit popcorn they sell, so taking matters into their own hands
My uncle's appendix decided to give him untreatable cancer instead
I just can't question anything this franchise does anymore. It hurts my brain. They win.
No one in authority gives a shit what Beyonce demands
So many people are doing this, and they'd be the first crying up a storm, wondering why they got hit. Like... you literally asked for it
Well unfortunately there's a staggeringly high amount of people who hang off every word celebrities say.
Of course. Plus we do reloading
Toe Andy bitching about "tear gas is banned by the Geneva Convention!". There's a specific exemption in the convention to allow tear gas and other riot control agents to be used for riot control and domestic law enforcement.
&gt; It’s time for a revolution. Grab a weapon and take point then.
The one guy - Lane - probably won't get much of anything. He's on tape multiple times wanting to check on Floyd's vitals, roll him on his side, and other concerns for his well-being, and kept getting overrode by Chauvin, the senior officer.
In other news, water found to indeed be wet
The other white officer, who made the arrest in the first place before Chauvin showed up
A) you have no idea what - if anything - he has said to the investigating officials B) every lawyer on the planet will tell their clients to not say shit if they're pending charges
Can't wait for Covid surges in the coming weeks and he tries to re-institute lockdowns.
All the good stuff has been stolen already
More likely they don't live in major urban centers
Except there's a specific exemption for riot control agents like CS to be used in domestic law enforcement and riot control.
Water is warmer and clearer, sand is more coarse and more tan than white
Man I can't believe I just saved a bot reply for future dissemination
&gt;Also, even though an epidemic [one-third of American homicide victims are killed by cops](https://np.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gu04j3/nypd_cop_pulls_down_peaceful_protestors_mask_to/fsgfrjb/) (when strangers, see final bullet point) Did you just copy the link and not read the article, or are you being intentionally misleading by not including the "when strangers" in your statement? It says 1/4 of all homicides are done by strangers (3/4 done by people the victim knows), and 1/3 of THAT number are done by police. Not 1/3 of **all** homicides. The first words of the linked article in the linked tweet are "One-third of all Americans **killed by strangers** are killed by police" (emphasis mine).
Fucking this. Millions of people have this same mentality - if the police aren't going to defend people and their property, then armed citizens are going to take it upon themselves. Not going on the offensive, but defending what's theirs.
It's probably CPB. DHS made a thing about it this morning
Cops: "Disperse or you will be arrested." Protester: *Doesn't disperse, steps forward and makes an impassioned plea instead* Cops: *Proceed to arrest vocal protester who refused order to disperse* Protester (and most of Reddit apparently): *Pikachu face*
&gt;Teach them to fear you and they will ~~respect~~ shoot you. Fixed that for you.
It's not bad, could use some hot sauce. Probably tastes better than what you're tasting, seeing as you have your head shoved up your ass.
[This one](https://www.wistv.com/2020/05/28/sc-governor-extends-state-emergency-related-covid-outbreak/) &gt; Among its measures, the order gives law enforcement the ability to disband groups of three or more people if they believe the group poses a threat to public health.
Did you so vigorously defend the right of assembly during the covid19 lockdowns, and decry the government's overreach?
Not on private property, and not when an emergency order gives police the authority to break up large groups. Have you been protesting the covid19 lockdowns too, coming to the defense of all the folks fined and cited for violating them?
You can protest, but don't act shocked if you get arrested for it after getting multiple warnings about it
It wasn't. It was private property, and the governor authorized law enforcement to break up large groups
So all the covid19 lockdowns were unlawful then?
Welcome to Civics101. If you're only willing to protest when there's zero risk to you, then you're only paying lip service to the cause.
I would also recommend watching Paul Harrell's videos on [home defense](https://youtu.be/K4FESGjiH3s), [over-penetration](https://youtu.be/Qw8IiRgSMFQ)... really his whole Youtube library.
&gt;The 5 Major Demands of *Some* of the American People Let's not delude ourselves into thinking that there is not staunch opposition to some or all of these, including from reformers
[It is.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marion_Square) &gt; The square is jointly owned by the Washington Light Infantry and the Sumter Guards.
Ok. Go sue all the governors who issued stay-at-home orders for covid19, preventing people from free assembly for months. Lemme know how that works out.
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Some states more than others, but sure did. No freedom of assembly plus heavy restrictions on the free practice of religion, and some restrictions on free press (NJ refused to honor FOIA requests from media)
There's the *quality* of being anti-fascist and being opposed to the ideology of fascism; then there's the *identity* of being anti-fascist, the latter of which is what you're referring to. It's a very loosely affiliated group of individuals (there's no leadership or anything) who are typically very left on the political spectrum, who typically are vehemently if not violently opposed to any person or institution aligned on the right side of the political spectrum, particularly far right and alt-right. They will typically label their opponents Nazis, even if there's no cause for it other than the person being politically opposed. Anti-fascists do not engage in political debate or try to bring about policy change, they take direct action by physically assaulting opponents and destroying property. Whereas nearly anyone can have the quality of anti-facism - democrat, republican, libertarian, socialist, communist, capitalist, etc. - to have the identity of anti-fascism is almost exclusively reserved for anarchists, communists, and socialists.
[Enough.](https://lmgtfy.com/?q=coronavirus+protest+arrests) Why is there a distinction between protesters and religious institutions? The 1st Amendment applies to all equally, does it not? A small, socially-distanced church congregation certainly seems infinitely safer in the *still on-going pandemic* than thousands of protesters locked arm in arm, many without masks, shouting and coughing violently (due to riot control agents). And I say this as an atheist who thinks organized religion is a sham. The NJ law is called OPRA, [and it's been a very shady situation](https://newbrunswicktoday.com/2020/05/04/questioned-on-gutting-records-act-gov-murphy-declares-were-at-war/) - the manpower excuse is flimsy
I've yet to see anyone - cop or otherwise - try and spin this as "reasonable force", unless they're just trolling.
Do they even have standing?
You mean the military equipment they get *for free* from the federal govt?
You must be new to how government works. The first thing to get cut is pay/benefits or personnel.
It is laughable how much blame is being levied on law enforcement having access to military hardware. Do you honestly think getting rid of the hardware - much of which PDs often get for free from the federal govt - is going to change the *mindset* or the *tactics*? Was George Floyd shot with an M16? Did Freddie Gray's neck get broken because of tac-vests, helmets, and night-vision goggles? Was Michael Brown ran over with an MRAP? Was Eric Garner mowed down by an F-35? The vast majority of police brutality cases have nothing to do with the use of military hardware, and what difference does it make if lethal force is administered by a military-style rifle instead of a standard-issue handgun? I've seen a talking point making its rounds online: "Police should ditch the BDUs and boots, go back to wearing slacks, collared shirts, and ties. Think Mulberry, not Fallujah!" [Yea, because a shirt and tie makes you Barney Fife, right?](https://www.nydailynews.com/resizer/ZehrRVfl8UkqoN7POjhhYhOHTeA=/415x317/top/arc-anglerfish-arc2-prod-tronc.s3.amazonaws.com/public/CCNRCVKOHHCW2ZJEA3NHRFI3TM.jpg)
I took so many dumps in Iraq with my rifle right next to me
That's ridiculous
Yea how dare they factually report major injuries and murders verified by the news. Gimme a break. It's not a get-out-of-jail-free card. "Special treatment"... like the same discretion an officer has to not give literally anyone a ticket if a warning will suffice? Bring the downvotes, "bootlicker", etc... I know this sub loves to hate cops. People **died,** and you're complaining about PBA cards
&gt; you reap what you sow at the end of the day. Another human being was murdered, and you blamed the victim without knowing anything about them aside from their profession. How enlightened.
As someone already said, we have a great gun subreddit at r/NJGuns, which will be far friendlier and helpful than this one. [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/guns/comments/gvr77n/defensive_firearms_for_firsttime_gun_owners_a/) is a good write up on r/guns for new gun owners. There are 4 rules to always keep in mind: * Treat all guns like they are always loaded. * Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy. * Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target. * Be sure of your target and what is beyond it
Nice! I have never had a desire to use those types of wire strippers, always [these type](https://static.grainger.com/rp/s/is/image/Grainger/3PB81_AS03?$zmmain$) or [spring-loaded](https://cdn.mscdirect.com/global/images/ProductImages/5093956-24.jpg) back in my military days. Are those any good?
If you're just a shooter and not interested in the politics, then there's no groupthink. Half the posts are about FID/permit wait times, ranges and gunshops, and if certain guns are legal in the state If you *are* in it for the politics, then yea it's definitely biased to the (correct) side that NJ's gun laws are oppressive. Most gun-related subs are not in favor of gun control. *edit - downvotes are just proving my original point: this sub is not gun/2A friendly*
Overaggression that had unintended serious consequences, coupled with the seeming lack of immediate concern for his well-being that's very troubling - you can see one guy moving to help is then pulled back by another officer and they keep marching. I've been arguing about this on Twitter for a bit, and people are so dense and emotional about it. Yes, he was pushed, but yes, **he also tripped** - you can see plain as day he stumbled and lost his footing after being pushed. He was pushed BACK, not DOWN; if the officers intended to put him on the ground, he'd be at their feet, not 8ft in front of them. That doesn't mean the officers exercised good judgment, were justified in their actions, or that they shouldn't face consequences for this: it's only an analysis of the sequence of events. Another person might not have lost their balance, another person may have rolled with the fall to not hit their head. I don't believe they intended to hurt him. But that doesn't matter - the officers are ultimately responsible for the injury, the city is definitely on the hook for the upcoming lawsuit, and if the officers lose their jobs then so be it. But the poster child for police brutality this scenario is not.
I've posted this before, but juries are a fucking nightmare, and a trial by jury basically comes down to how easily swayed people are: you can be guilty as sin, but get away scot-free if you can work the jury right. Because most people in America are dumb. [Seriously](https://wysu.org/content/commentary/are-american-voters-stupid). People that serve on juries - your peers - folks that let OJ Simpson, Philip Brailsford, and Casey Anthony walk? Probably dumb - only about 45% of Americans have a 2yr college degree, 35% have a 4yr. Not that I'm equating a college degree with intelligence, but illustrating that nearly half of Americans have no higher education that would qualify them for a basic understanding of complex thinking like judicial review, forensic analysis, etc. More to the point: [1 out of 6 adults in the US lack basic reading skills](https://www.nld.org/page/facts). And let's not talk about the lack of critical thinking skills - a middle-aged husband (who later died) and wife drank **aquarium cleaner** because it contained a *similar sounding* chemical to a medicine the President was recommending folks take for Covid. The amount of people who believe the earth is flat, or that ghosts or angels exist, or that evolution is a hoax, or basically anything that has no scientific basis... is depressingly staggering. Even politicians, typically lawyers with a few doctors and other highly educated professionals, often have [no idea what the fuck they're talking about](https://archive.thinkprogress.org/democrats-firearms-rhetoric-003b555a52d2/) when trying push through special-interest legislation.
Well at least it wasn't the other way around
Am American, use only Wagos
In a parallel theme, I loved [Firebirds](https://i.imgur.com/oHZZUJU.gif?noredirect) as a youngster. Then I joined the Army and became an Apache tech (not because of the film), and discovered what an utter load of shit it is.
Frankly (no pun intended) I see this as nothing more then virtue signaling. &gt; ...reclaim the Punisher skull as a symbol of justice... It never has been. Ever. It's always been about vengeance. The Punisher is by the thinnest definition an "anti-hero", but let's be real - he's a bad guy who kills other bad guys, often with extremely brutal or tortuous methods. He operates completely outside the law, and acts as judge jury and executioner. His only redeeming quality is that he goes to great lengths to not harm innocents. He's not trying to change the system, make communities better, or even directly help people; he's acknowledged on multiple occassions that his war will never end, because for every criminal he kills, another will just take their place.
Because there's really only 2 sides to pick from, and they're both diametrically opposed to each other on what the function of government should be. The DNC and the RNC pick the candidate that gives their party **the best chance to stay in power**. Bernie Sanders is leaps and bounds more popular than Joe Biden, and was even more so than Hillary Clinton, and in both elections the DNC made a concerted effort to hitch their wagon to the candidate that best aligns *their* - not the American people's - interests, which often includes corporate interests. Voting 3rd party is essentially wasting your vote - no 3rd party candidate has gotten over 20% of the popular vote since Teddy Roosevelt in 1912... and Teddy was already a fairly popular President from 1901-1909. Most 3rd party candidates since Ross Perot (19% in '92) can't even squeeze out 5% of the popular vote. Hell, Bernie Sanders isn't even a Democrat, and still ran on the Democratic ticket because only the 2 party powerhouses have the money and the influence to make a viable run at the White House. So based on the de-facto 2 party system we have, we are often left with 2 candidates that each only appeal to about half the electorate, and even that appeal may be more a function of being "less crappy" than the other candidate
I was just at my local Cabelas today. There was absolutely ZERO 9mm, very little .45 and .38, as well as no buckshot either.
It probably helped that Mulberry didn't have rampant poverty, drug/alcohol addiction, untreated mental illness, violent street gangs, child predators, domestic abusers...
I'd like to see a breakdown of a few budgets. If it's anything like the US military, a large chunk of it is pay &amp; benefits, and service members by and large do not get paid particularly well. While there are certainly reforms to be made (looking at you, fraudulent overtime and low-crime small-town chiefs/senior leaders making 6 figures), cutting police pay and benefits is going to be counterproductive - it will be a barrier to entry for promising new officers, and good cops will leave the job just as easily as bad ones.
See that's a problem. If I'm reading that site correctly, he's been a cop for 6 years in San Jose. IMO a regular patrol officer should not be making a 6 figure base salary, especially not that soon. I know cost of living is a factor, but I can't imagine it's *that big* of of a factor. My father was a cop for a small-town department in NJ for 36 years, where he reached the rank of sergeant, and maxed out at like $88k. Cops in my former town in NJ make [around $40k to start](https://www.pressofatlanticcity.com/news/local/millville-plans-to-hire-up-to-10-new-police-officers/article_f2a40c07-0e7a-5164-b03f-25aa63e415bb.html). The article is a bit outdated, but I know when I was applying in 2014 it was $36k.
&gt;2A crowd thinks the BLM crowd is all looters. I know you said this is false, but even more damning is that it's demonstrably false. Look at any of the gun subs here, and *most* national 2A groups like SAF and GOA, and it is consistently celebrated when blacks exercise their 2A rights, and constantly harped on that racist lawmakers passed sweeping gun control that we are all affected by because blacks rightfully exercised their 2A rights. The only "2A crowd" that is against black gun owners and quiet about the racist history of gun control is the NRA - which hasn't been for gun rights in decades and gun owners are sick of their shit - and sporadic fringe "militias" that are thinly veiled white supremacists groups that are definitely not the majority.
"...the fuck??"
Hot take: I'll take Miller' Flash over Grant Gustin's any day of the week
*Henrico Commonwealth Attorney Shannon Taylor said Rogers admitted to being a leader of the Ku Klux Klan and a protagonist for Confederate ideology.* Why the hell would you admit that? Clearly this dumbass has never heard of ["Shut the fuck up Friday"](https://youtu.be/JTurSi0LhJs)
I've posted this before, but juries are a fucking nightmare, and a trial by jury basically comes down to how easily swayed people are: you can be guilty as sin, but get away scot-free if you can work the jury right. Because most people in America are dumb. [Seriously](https://wysu.org/content/commentary/are-american-voters-stupid). People that serve on juries - your peers - folks that let OJ Simpson, Philip Brailsford, and Casey Anthony walk? Probably dumb. Only about 45% of Americans have a 2yr college degree, 35% have a 4yr. Not that I'm equating a college degree with intelligence, but illustrating that nearly half of Americans have no higher education that would qualify them for a basic understanding of complex thinking like judicial review, forensic analysis, etc. More to the point: [1 out of 6 adults in the US lack basic reading skills](https://www.nld.org/page/facts). And let's not talk about the lack of critical thinking skills - a middle-aged husband (who later died) and wife drank **aquarium cleaner** because it contained a *similar sounding* chemical to a medicine the President was recommending folks take for Covid. The amount of people who believe the earth is flat, or that ghosts or angels exist, or that evolution is a hoax, or basically anything that has no scientific basis... is depressingly staggering. Even politicians, typically lawyers with a few doctors and other highly educated professionals, often have [no idea what the fuck they're talking about](https://archive.thinkprogress.org/democrats-firearms-rhetoric-003b555a52d2/) when trying push through special-interest legislation.
You're trivializing it by focusing on the haircuts, when you know damn well it's folks who want - if not need - to get back to work: salons, restaurants, gyms, and every other small "non-essential" business in the state. The governor doesn't get to decide what assembly or what speech is worthy of protection; if he's going to allow protests, it's hypocritical (and likely illegal) to cite/fine folks for engaging in one type that has legitimate grievances, but allow and even participate in another type.
It has nothing to do with the effects/budget, it's about the characterization. Miller's Flash had 1 ensemble movie (so he's not the focus), compared to 6 TV seasons of Gustin's, and IMO Miller's Flash is far more enjoyable even with the limited room to character build.
Good news. I don't think 1 new Hero per quarter is unreasonable, but even 2 per year would be fine if they're doing major reworks in the interim. What I don't want is anymore new IP - there's still so much untapped potential in existing properties.
You're a braver man than I. Micro and macro were the bane of my existence when I was doing Business Studies
I had this same concern last year. According to my LGS it's based on when the inquiry is made, not when completed. So if your FFL made the call yesterday (or today even), then you're good.
Fort Rip-It
ITT: people who didn't read the article and are stroking based off the headline alone
You can still see in there - the concentration ain't shit
*NJ ~~Premier~~ Governor Phil Murphy has entered the chat*
How is it any different from the thousands of Wawa workers interacting with customers on a daily basis since this all began? They can wear a mask, wash their hands a lot (which they should be doing in food service anyway) - there's no greater risk.
A) he hasn't been found guilty yet. B) there's not a liquid $1 million - it's an estimate based on compound interest, annuity payments, etc. C) it's money that's already been earned, allocated, and invested. He's made *mandatory* monthly contributions for 19 years D) his spouse/kids are likely legally entitled to it (IANAL)
Prepare to be disappointed
No joke, a manicure is pretty relaxing. When I was stationed in Korea, that was part of the service when getting a haircut by locals; I typically declined, but one occassion I had time to kill so said screw it - best decision ever.
Not immediately because I know places will be mobbed and I have no desire to wait an hour for my turn. No concern of infection, just impatient
They weren't "wrongfully discharged" - they violated a well-publicized policy with well-publicized penalties. DADT survived multiple court challenges. It was not a secret - people willingly signed up knowing they had to conceal their sexuality, and failure to do so had serious consequences. The law being repealed doesn't change that.
Anytime I see a candidate endorsing "smart guns", I wish someone in an interview would ask him: "If you're a proponent of 'smart guns', then I imagine you would mandate their use for our police and military first, correct?" Because no way in hell would any reasonable candidate support that.
The mental gymnastics by some folks claiming racism, excessive force, or whatever other nonsense is astounding. He resisted a legitimate (and textbook) arrest for DUI. He fought with officers, where they tried to use less-lethals which failed. He stole a TASER, and turned to fire it at the pursuing officer. *This is all on camera.* On what planet do you think a police officer is going to allow themselves to be incapacitated by their own weapon, so the guy could take his actual firearm off him and kill him with it? Is that the most likely scenario? No. Is it possible? **Absolutely**. Clearly he is not thinking rationally, so you cannot predict what he is going to do next, and you don't give him the benefit of the doubt - he's already shown he's willing to physically assault 2 officers who were treating him professionally, who is to say he isn't willing to kill either one of them either. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
What Tennessee v Garner held was "A police officer may not seize an unarmed, nondangerous suspect by shooting him dead...however...*Where the officer has probable cause to believe that the suspect poses a threat of serious physical harm, either to the officer or to others, it is not constitutionally unreasonable to prevent escape by using deadly force.*" Brooks was armed (a projectile-type stun gun like a TASER is considered a weapon n Georgia) and dangerous (having just physically assaulted to police officers without warning), and posed a risk to the officers still when he turned to use the TASER against the pursuing officer.
&gt;they should’ve hit him in the leg Stop - this line of thinking is asinine, like shooting the gun out of someone's hands. This only happens in the movies. All police are trained to shoot center mass (torso) so as to avoid missing and hitting innocent bystanders. Shooting a limb, when both the shooter and target are on the move, is an incredibly difficult shot for even the best marksman.
I AM trained, and it's an incredibly difficult shot to hit, and not worth the risk of missing. Bullets don't just stop if they don't hit they're target - they will continue to travel well-over 1000 yards until they hit something... and that something could be a kid sleeping in their bed in a house across the street, or a guy putting his garbage out down the block. And you can still die from a leg wound, if it hits the femoral artery.
Assaulting a cop, taking their weapon, and attempting to fire it at them is typically and reasonably met with deadly force.
Oh you've seen the autopsy report? No? So you have no idea where his entry wounds are. Not to mention that the video evidence clearly shows him turning to fire at the officers. And even if he was shot in the back, there is no law that prohibits officers from doing so if it satisfies the requirements of Tennessee v Garner, which this likely does.
Are you mentally deficient or something? NO SHOOTER would feel comfortable shooting at a leg on a moving target in a high tense situation at night with homes/people behind the target. You shoot at the largest part of the target, full stop.
The SCOTUS disagrees with you.
I can't tell from the video if he got the shot off or not.
At no time did I say or even imply he deserved to die, and you're part of the problem since you can only see in binary.
&gt; I hate everything about this argument. i sincerely do. i genuinely dislike people attributing regular people rationale to officers. you reduced the deceased to the worst possible outcome to justify the force. that's behavior **I** would exhibit when faced with danger, but I am not a police officer. I expect them to be better than me. If you point a weapon at the police, you're going to get shot. This is not a difficult concept. This is a snap decision that is made in seconds in a rapidly changing situation. Hesitation gets you killed. &gt; I don't know if its intentional or not, but you normalize the violence like police are predatory animals. don't agitate them or you'll get mauled, or worse. that's how your argument sounds to me. it sounds like you're okay with it. like if it happened to you, you'd be okay with it. I would not be okay if this happened to you. Don't "agitate" them? He literally attacked them, stripped one of a weapon, and turned to use it on the officer in pursuit. Again, mental gymnastics to try and say that is "agitation". I'm not *okay* with, but I'm not going to condemn the police for making a split second decision when confronted with an out of control, armed person, nor am I going to lose any sleep or shed any tears for someone that put themselves in that situation in the first place.
[Courts have sided with this before.](https://www.llrmi.com/articles/legal_update/2014_montoute_v_carr/)
Every person on person killing is ruled a "homicide". It will then be up to the system to determine if it was "*justifiable* homicide". I would not be surprised if the fired officer gets his job back, and not due to corruption or what have you, but that his firing was premature and as a result of the inflammatory public statements of the mayor.
"Non-lethal" weapons like Tasers, rubber bullets, bean bag rounds, etc are a misnomer, because they *can* be lethal. It's not likely, but it is possible. Hence the shift to calling the "less-lethal". It's not reframing, and what your "feeling" is is irrelevent. [Georgia law classifies a projectile-type "stun gun" like a Taser as a firearm.](https://www.atf.gov/file/117196/download) ^(PDF)
"Homicide" covers any person on person killing. Every police shooting resulting in death is a homicide. The difference will be if it's determined to be a "*justified* homicide".
If you're pounding a cops face into the pavement, fair bet courts will look favorably on his partner putting 3 in your chest if he claims it was to save his life.
In no US state do you have the right to resist arrest. If an officer deploys a Taser, it's to effect an arrest. [Even the ACLU says to comply with an arrest, even if you think it unlawful.](https://www.aclu.org/know-your-rights/stopped-by-police/#ive-been-arrested-by-the-police) You win your fight in court, not in the street.
Whoa, really? I hadn't seen that anywhere (unsurprisingly). I've been saying to my wife that I'd put money on that he had warrants or was on parole, and that's why he resisted/fought - he wasn't going back to prison. And in that instance, where your assault is definitely going to lock you up for years, it's not that far to fall to say "well fuck it, I've got nothing left to lose"
&gt;KCNA said the office was blown up to force "human scum and those, who have sheltered the scum, to pay dearly for their crimes". North Korea refers to defectors as "human scum". Yes, I'm sure that blowing up the building is really sticking it to the defectors...
If you like the Rapide, then really any high-quality 1911 will fit your bill, and there's plenty on the market that won't be as ridiculously overpriced as Kimber. I love my [Colt Series 70 Competition](https://www.reddit.com/r/guns/comments/a64kw3/christmas_came_a_little_early_for_me_my_first_1911/), which if you can find goes for around $800. Springfield Ronins and Range Officers are also sharp-looking, well-made ones for under a grand. But if you're looking for a true full size, i.e a double-stack magazine, the Walther PPQ45 is fantastic. A love my SIG P320, and I know they offer it in .45, but I only have experience with the 9mm version - I imagine it's just as solid.
Pretty typical. Mergers create a lot of redundancy, at all levels.
Been voting by mail ever since I found out I could (NJ). I had no problems going to the polls, but just the convenience factor was enough. &gt; Making Election Day a state holiday affects government offices, except election authorities; K-12 schools; and postsecondary institutions governed by the State Universities Civil Service Act. The state had already established Election Day as a holiday for state employees. Which affects a tiny fraction of a percent of voters, most of which likely didn't have any trouble voting in the first place
I'm out of the industry now 5 years, but: 1) I worked 6am-4pm on a 4/10 schedule, so I always had a 3 day weekend; we were also got paid time off for federal holidays. That said, I could work overtime a minumum of 6hrs but up to 10hrs on my RDO (Monday for me) and 6hrs on Saturday - it was typically not forced, but highly encouraged. I would typically only work one OT day for 6hrs, as I was never behind schedule; I would work more if I needed to flex time as to not take PTO. So getting off at 4 I could still do stuff at night during the week, and the weekend was there, so I never felt that my personal life suffered: I still regularly went out with my buddies, went out on dates, even went to night school. There was a short period of time where we did have forced overtime, 5/10s, and they opened up Sunday too (double time) but you had to work Saturday OT to be able to come in Sunday. I only did that a few times, and that definitely burned me out for anything but work. 2) I'm not really sure what you're asking. If it's was there something from a professional standpoint that would help with dating... I would say no. I'm a big proponent of not shitting where you eat, so I'm loathe to say hire more women (my site of 50+ people had exactly 1 woman, and she was married to one of the 50). My schedule was flexible enough to not hinder a social life. Flexible schedules are key IMO to managing a good work-life balance.
Fuck CNN. &gt; After searching the teens, the officers returned to the store with the teens and asked them about whether they had a gun. The teens told them they had a BB gun — which resembles a semi-automatic pistol — and directed officers to the nearby bushes where they had tossed it, police said. They literally had a replica handgun, a concerned citizen alerted the police, ditched it before the cops came. Police totally in the right here
It doesn't matter if he started pushing people first. He retreated, got chased by multiple people, assaulted with a blunt object, threatened with a knife, and was very clearly told "we're gonna fucking kill you". If he doesn't have a CCW like some have said, fine - charge him for illegal carry. But he has solid standing for self-defense. &gt;Protesters then pursued him before he pulled out a handgun and shot a man, Albuquerque Mayor Tim Keller told the briefing. There is very clear footage that much more happened between points A and B, and the mayor is being willfully disingenuous.
She's dead. I was stationed at Ft Hood for several years; the post has 214000 acres - with only a small fraction of that being the actual garrison area - where a body could be disposed of with no witnesses, cameras, or even any regular foot traffic. Someone killed her and dumped her body in the back forty.
What apologies? I'm calling everyone buying into this crap an idiot
If this is the bullshit treatment Atlanta PD officers are going to receive, might be a blue flu in store for the area.
Do I think a few cadaver dogs can search the equivalent of 162000 football fields? No, not particularly
At gates and various buildings, sure. But the not in the vast swath of land beyond the garrison area.
The DA and mayor threw the officers to the wolves with some very dubious justification, before the state investigating agency had even finished their investigation - in fact, they were not even informed of the press conference or asked for input - purely for political points. They spun a narrarive that omits or glosses over some key facts, and made some outright false claims; many of the charges are specious at best. Why would any officer risk injury, death, or jail time if they will get similar treatment for what was arguably a justifiable use of force?
Rightfully so. He was being hit with a blunt object and had a knife pulled on him, while assailants yelled that they "were gonna fucking kill him". Doesn't matter how the altercation started, it was escalated to him being confronted with deadly force, and he responded in kind. And yes, [here is the knife pulled on him, right before the shots](https://i.imgur.com/tpTx2HF.jpg)
It's not rumor - there's video of his assailant hitting him with the skateboard, then [pulling a knife, right before the shots](https://i.imgur.com/tpTx2HF.jpg)
Except that he retreated, and was then pursued. Once he disengaged, and the assailants chased him down, they became the aggressors. Him pushing someone, as it's been reported, does not give them the right to chase him down with weapons and the stated intent to kill him.
Works for me. But just incase it's cached [here it is again](https://i.imgur.com/hBu46a8.jpg)
Did you even watch the video? At no time was he "forcibly arrested": the officers were quite calm and professional, and used minimal force to begin putting cuffs on him, at which point Brooks broke free of their loose hold. In fact, had they been more forceful, it's unlikely Brooks would have wrenched free and this whole situation may never have occured. Don't quibble about "protocol" - it was pretty well implied that he was being arrested for DUI - to claim the police escalated because that is absolutely not what happened. Talk about mental gymnastics.
Lots of things to pick on: * Officers do not have to respond to force *in kind.* They are authorized one level above in the force continuum. * OC keeps harping on that Brooks being drunk should have made him easy to subdue. First, he blew a .12, which is not fall-down-drunk in the slightest. Being that Brooks has a history of DUI, I'd surmise he likely had a drinking problem and a decent tolerance. Secondly, any bar bouncer can attest to combative drunks often being a bear to take down. Beer muscles are a thing. * [APD uses Tasers that have 2 charges. ](https://www.axon.com/products/taser-x2). * OC assumes that letting him go or just continuing pursuit until backup arrives - if it arrives, since APD is understaffed - that nothing bad will happen. That's an optimistic, perhaps even naive, view. Brooks was out of prison on early release from a 7 year sentence, on probation. He's already demonstrated irrational, dangerous behavior by fighting 2 police officers over a non-violent offense. His line of thinking may be "I am NOT going back to prison". It's entirely possible that the Taser he fires connects with the pursuing officer, the officer is incapacitated, and Brooks turns around and grabs his service weapon. Turns it on the officers, turns it on himself, runs into the Wendy's and takes a hostage. Desperate men are unpredictable. A police officer cannot risk letting himself be incapacitated. * People keep harping on the fact tgat Brooks was running away or that he was shot in the back, so *clearly* he wasn't a threat and *clearly* it's murder. Aside from it not being illegal to shoot someone in the back or running away - Tennessee v Garner explicitly allows it, if certain conditions exist - [let me demonstrate why that doesn't fucking matter](https://i.imgur.com/7LnR2KC.jpg)
Well it's definitly not a pen, he wasn't asking for an autograph. The vidcap pretty clearly looks like a knife
In his hands already - the skateboard was on the ground, he picked it up to swing, and likely why he lost his grip on it after one swing. After he's shot, you can see him drop a metal object in the road as he spins and hits the ground. Also, [multiple knives were recovered at the scene](https://www.usnews.com/news/us/articles/2020-06-17/shooting-charge-dropped-against-suspected-new-mexico-shooter)
If you look closely, you see that he drops **a knife**. Who gets in a fight while holding their sunglasses? No one. It stands to reason that one of those knives could be his, and even if it's not, it still lends credence to the shooters claim that he was confronted by assailants with knives. I'm not going to debate this with you anymore. See what you want to see.
Whatever you gotta tell yourself, pal
&gt;And I like that last picture, not a hard concept to understand. Apparently it's incredibly hard for a lot of people
There are [4 rules of firearms safety](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/04/4e/c3/044ec308f2951e7545d4866d201f02be.png), and he broke them all
For real. The amount of people who would pay real money for a Carbot announcer is staggering
Because it got a concerted push by various groups, influencers, celebrities, and politicians, despite being a virtually unknown "holiday". Corporations jumped on it because the current social climate allows them to capitalize on it for profit. Politicians jumped on it because it gives them political points. It only was a local holiday in East Texas up until this year, hence why most people - including black folks - had never heard of it or knew of its arguably minor significance.
74 year old man tired from travelling halfway across the country and back again. Stop the fucking presses.
Regurgitating the same points that have been made ad nauseum, but without the courtesy of sources or proper formatting. We get it - Trump's a dumpster fire. But that word vomit is barely Facebook level posting, definitely not bestof.
He should ask Jussie Smollet how doubling-down on manufactured outrage works out
I've been out of the service since 2012, but for my 8 years in the Army did something every month to plug diversity - Black History Month, Pacific Islander Month, Women's Month, etc. Flyers, emails, posters, maybe an announcement at accountability or close-out formation. Virtually no one on active duty gave a shit one way or the other - that's not why we're there.
Fucking this.
Good luck enforcing it.
It won't be, because it can't be.
There's nothing GNC brings to the table that online retailers don't
For sure. I'm not suggesting Wallace is involved in a hoax. But now that the facts have come out and this event was grossly blown out of proportion, maybe dial back the indignation and victimhood.
Jesus it's been so long since I heard the 95 and 98 start-up
"Thanks" and go about my day
They aren't
Call the burn ward - my man just got **burnt!**
We've been open since April
&gt;And this is why I refuse to join the armed forces as a woman. You have to report everything within your ranks and not go to outside authorities. What happens if it's your superior who rapes you? Oh, that's conviently the person you're supposed to report to. This is all kinds of wrong. There are multiple avenues to file a complaint, semi-anonymously or not, that go outside your chain of command. Every post has a dedicated cadre of [SHARP](https://www.sexualassault.army.mil/iam_mission.aspx) personnel that aren't affiliated with your unit at all. One can also go to any military healthcare provider, chaplain, military police and CID, the Inspector General, and more that are not in your chain to file a complaint.
According to Reddit's new conduct policies, this is perfectly acceptable behavior.
