Next up (for actual real) Spider-Man is taking on a wholly mortal special effects artist that likes to wear a fishbowl on his head and has a cape. Spider-Man isn’t always going to be taking on intergalactic threats. And that’s fine.
He *is* kidding. It's the second reason he invented it.
Waldos.
All the worst people in the world have figured out "Just say nice things about him and promise to make him money" and boom. Instant praise by the President of the United states, NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO. And all the best are like "WHAT THE HELL", so Trump doesn't like them. So, we have a president playing footsie with dictators, while declaring trade wars on Canada.
Invited friend to Christmas dinner. They’re Jewish, but love Christmas things, so are often invited to my family’s gatherings. Made cookies. They were AWFUL. They’re usually an amazing baker, but something went wrong. Everyone was being polite, but my grandmother (who was months from dying and partially senile) said “oh, these are AWFUL”. My mom was mortified and my friend embarrassed. It was kind of hilarious, especially in hindsight, but my friend still gets Nervous about bringing things to gatherings haha.
Actual likely tweet or statement tomorrow. "Many people are telling me, you know, that snitches get stitches. WITCH HUNT!".
I liked it. A bit too formulaic (even for a standard Rocky movie) for my tastes. (I went to the bathroom, and told my friend that I'm heading out now while Rocky decides to train Donny for the next fight, despite initial protests).
ROBERT DUVALL!!!!!
Watched it in the theater. Bought the blu ray so I could inflict it upon my friends. Watched it with them. Worth it alone, just for the scene toward the end where the kid's in bed, and there's something in frame that you don't necessarily catch immediately. Because when you see it....
This guy Newts.
With the revelation that those people were (at the very least partially) HYDRA, the decision to nuke New York does make a lot more sense.
Turns out claiming "national security interests" when unilaterally declaring multiple trade wars doesn't fly. (When republican voters sort of start noticing how it's hurting them).
I also love the mouthed “I’m all ears” after he says that and his parents are arguing.
Hey! Get back here!
Not with this cat. You have to be careful when he's being particularly frisky, but first thing in the morning it's all he wants.
:Mr. Darko nearly spits out his pizza:
I love the Cersei chapters. When you first get inside Jaime’s head you’re like “oh, this guy really is kind of a stand up dude”. When you finally get in Cersei’s it’s “oh. Oh dear. This headspace is an even crazier bag of starved weasels than I had expected”.
Well I’m glad I avoided that, for. You know. Obvious reasons.
What are you even going on about? This topic has to do with the state legislatures limiting the power of incoming democrat governors, after having absolutely no issue with the amount of power being wielded by the outgoing republican governors. There's already plenty of room for Democrats to have set a precedent, by restricting the power of an incoming governor during a lame duck session of a state legislature they control. And they haven't. Let's revisit this right the fuck now. You're okay with this? Would you be okay with this if the shoe was on the other foot? Since there ISN'T a fucking precedent of Democrats doing it, and this ISN'T the first time Republicans have done it? At the very least admit that your stance is "Don't care, my team is scoring points", rather than playing semantics about what is and isn't the peaceful transition of power.
I’m glad this meme took a bit of break on this sub because this is perfect and I can appreciate it now that it doesn’t annoy me, haha.
It’s never about conspiracies. It’s about being contrarian assholes that need to feel important and smart.
Fellow stagehand here. Hahahahahhahahahahahahahajahha no.
Seeing TMBG at the end of the month. I need them to sing this.
Yep, same.
Picked it up at launch. The three games for $40 is a good deal, this is a no brainier. It's fantastic.
Huh. TIL.
That's incredible.
Yep, though I work in an open office type deal. We have cubicle like work spaces, though no walls. So other folks on my team talk to me when I have my noise cancelling headphones on, and wonder why I don't respond. Even after having clarified a dozen times that I can't hear them if my headphones are on.
Static-X - Bled for Days
To the best of my knowledge, the PS4 content is identical to the PC content. This is the full game, including all of the updates once you've updated the game. (Since there is no charge for the updates). If you're into exploration games, No Man's Sky is in a *really* good place at the moment. It's pretty much exactly what they promised at launch.
He's not a vampire.
I love that they're flagrantly misinterpreting and misusing the Hatch act in this instance, while completely ignoring it in others where members fo the Trump administration are in violation.
Other than as a fun theory (in the same way that 'Tyrion is a time traveling fetus" theory is fun) it's really all the discussion that is warranted.
The evidence isn't compelling. It's typical tin foil hat theorizing. "He's pale and leeches himself and likes rare meat" isn't a vampire. It's a weird pale dude that buys into a relatively common medieval treatment, and likes rare steak. Fun theory. Zero actual weight behind it. If it turns out to be true, I'll literally eat my shoe. Go ahead and save this comment.
"Hello darkness my old friend...."
I TEAR MY HEART OPEN
“You’ll see. When the chips are down. These uh. “Civilized people”? They’ll eat. Each other”.
Yeeeeep.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOoBYwVud0U Except. You know. The opposite.
She has no fucks to give in the best possible way.
Various degrees of not paying attention. (Acting out of turn, not acting when it's their turn, etc). Being flabbergasted when the blinds wake up with a monster post-flop in a limped pot. (DON'T GO BROKE IN A LIMPED POT).
Too much salt.
Wedding Crashers with Owen Wilson.
I was entirely unfamiliar with the quartering dude and he popped up in my recommendations. Like cool. New person. Start listening to whatever he’s talking about. Seems worth listening to. Aaaaaaaand anti ess jay double you rant. OH COME THE FUCK ON. Aren’t there enough of these alt right shit heads already?
Can’t they just override him?
Frigga’s Spaghetti.
Eventually. Remember the cultish behavior of the W. supporters wrapped in a thin veneer of patriotism and "We must support a president during war time no matter what" bullshit? Yeah. Now look at how W. is generally regarded by members of the Republican party, they spent 8 years *sprinting* away from him. It'll be worse with Trump.
Was one of the first christmases where I was entirely aware of the non-existence of Santa Clause. Asked parents for Sonic the Hedgehog 2....it's all I wanted. It was ridiculously hard to find for some reason, and my mom told me straight up she couldn't find it, and asked what else I wanted. And no big deal, at least she told me, so that there wasn't any disappointment. What I didn't know is that she didn't give up, and found the silly thing, drove an hour to go grab it on Christmas Eve, and there it was under the tree on Christmas morning. Fantastic game, but just the effort my mom went through to get it for me. Best gift.
Such a good movie.
Well that was quick.
They were moving across the country, and had shit credit. Asked to use my card to rent a Uhaul. Yep, sure no problem. A week later, my checking account is drained. Like. WTF. Look at recent transactions. Attempt at $5000 charge from UHAUL - Declined. $1000 charge from UHAUL - Successful. (I am very glad I didn't have more in the account). Call them. Friend never returned the truck. Furthermore, when Uhaul contacted them, they indicated that Uhaul should just charge whatever they need to the account associated to the rental. Call friend "Oh, we don't have a car down here yet, and we're using the truck. I didn't know they'd charge the account". Fucking liar, but thankfully they returned the truck with no damages and the overage was covered by how much they charged my account, so there was no further issue with Uhaul. 'Friend' offered to pay me back. I told them they have my address and to send a check, removed them from my contacts. Never reimbursed. I got social media friend requests from them when that became a thing, which I ignored. They didn't take the hint, and kept sending requests until I blocked them.
This is what I don't get about the "Pence would be worse" shit. Trump's white house *is already* the worst of what a Pence white house would be. Really the only danger with Pence is that he's more competent. Get this orange fuck stick out of there. Pence too if he's implicated in the illegal shit. President Pelosi sounds pretty great right about now.
Driving to a friends place a while back. Car directly in front of me hits a deer, going about 50pmh. Deer flips over their car, and lands in the middle of the road, still alive. I was very lucky to avoid any sort of collision, but I pulled over to see if everyone involved was alright. The deer started trying to crawl off of the road and into the woods on at least two broken legs, bleating loudly. So yeah....that.
'The Titan'?
Because I’m not in the market for a multi million dollar medical information system?
I honestly didn't know that. I've always thought they were originally from Florida. Thanks!
I'm cool with a different actor doing a different take. Zsasz on Gotham is amazing, but it's kind of a (relatively) goofy take on the character. He is going to be the thing I miss most about the show once it's done next year, though.
Yeah, he's definitely much different than most other versions of the character, but he is Gotham's Zsasz. Not at all faithful to the source, but *very* entertaining in his own right.
Poker, video games, movies, United States Politics, local politics, music. I have many opinions on many things.
"My initial thoughts are that a range while pretending to suck a cock is probably significantly more nutted than just standard staring at the felt" Probably the best thing I will read all day. Thank you for that.
I loved the Kettlemans. The lady was just the perfect asshole in denial. That actress is fantastic on Preacher, too.
Seems like it was more a clenched fist of Treason.
Hello, yes. I am here for the job. Yes, the one where I try to wrangle a 70 year old man baby that more than likely colluded with hostile foreign powers to subvert a presidential election. Yes, the one that will likely fire me on Twitter in three months and call me a loser, after I did everything in my power to keep the dumpster fire to a dull roar. I'll be implicated in an ongoing investigation that has already seen dozens of indictments, and multiple convictions. I'll be a side note in one of the most widely derided moments in American history. Please. Please give me this job.
.....did you have a stroke? O.o
Sadler said he's on board, and the folks making it had indicated that Death is in the script. So. Here's hoping!!!
Oi have yikes gqre, indeed.
My friend calls modern country music 'Redneck Pop'. She's not wrong.
Welcome to the TrumpStop, would you like to preorder a useless wall?
The only reason one wasn't included in my pitch was that I couldn't think of an amusing wall related preorder bonus!
They're also intensely interested in the murder of a DNC staffer! In that they (in spite of the fact that we know for a fact that Seth Rich didn't leak the DNC emails to Assange) want to prove that the evil Democrats killed him, not that they actually care to solve his murder.
Oh, no kidding. I first heard them use the term over a decade ago, haha.
I like that. Definitely accurate.
Only if you pick up the Ultimate Collectors Wall.
In other news, water is wet.
Disband ICE.
I'm just waiting for Trump to pull the mask off his face, and it's Vince McMahon with a maniacal grin. "IT WAS ME MUELLER! IT WAS ME ALL ALONG!"
Lock.
Just for this one moment. And keeping in mind that it will be over very quickly, and I'm not downplaying how much of a shit heel he is. Just this one moment. I love Chris Christie a little.
Without a doubt in anyone that is living’s lifetime. It’s not even close. There’s a few arguments to be made for others in history being worse but holy shit is it something you have to really examine closely because if he’s not the worst ever, it’s really fucking close.
Because the people that control the mechanisms of impeachment are compromised?
?
Okie dokie.
Sitting in my room. House starts shaking. Like. Pictures on the wall are moving. My book case is swaying. I can *feel* it. I legitimately thought it was a minor earthquake, even though I live in an area where earthquakes are extremely uncommon. Go out to living room. Room mates are also there wondering if we're experiencing an earthquake. Then we hear the muffled moaning and a headboard repeatedly hitting a wall above us. The shaking and the noises intensify for a bit, and then suddenly stop. A few minutes later the upstairs shower turns on. This was shortly after we had moved in a long while ago. This would occur (house shaking and all) verbatim, relatively frequently until the couple eventually moved out.
The bit at the very end when he was showing the cube to the folks in the Noir universe. I was so amused.
Right in the middle of the RIP Peter sad-off, too.
I got spoiled on the Spider-Man 2099 thing, but I had *no idea* what they were going to do with it. That was amazing.
It's odd. I'd definitely say this is the best *Spider-Man* movie. I'd still say Spider-Man 2 is the best *movie* of the bunch, but it doesn't nail the characters nearly as well as this does.
Please keep talking, Rudy.
I saw tons of people leaving Into the Spider-Verse immediately after it was over. They missed a wonderful thing.
It's so good. Definitely worth a theater ticket's price.
Oh, definitely. I saw it on a Saturday matinee with a theater full of kids. Mostly well behaved, but there was still noise.
If you're not a Miles fan and you came out of that movie pleased, it was definitely doing something right.
But....have you ever looked at the back of a $20 Bill. On weeeeed?
“He Is” is another amazing and appropriate music video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hMaHDTw-pI Caught their show on Friday. If you’re reading this and have an opportunity to do so? See Ghost live. One of the best I’ve ever seen.
The "Okie Dokie" after the extremely enthusiastic response to whether or not the audience wanted the Cardinal to tickle their taint killed me.
For a quick, glorious moment, I pictured Snoop in the *new* Dance Macabre video.
I play part-time/recreationally, but I had a solid six months where I couldn't walk away from a session up, and more often than not a few buy ins down. I took a bit of a break, and cut back on my play even when I did start up again, and kept studying and evaluating my game, and fixed leaks where I could. Have been having significantly more success lately when I do play, though I play a lot less than I have previously.
“Hey! What the fuck!??”
Faith, Pro Memoria, Dance Macabre. Witch Image, Miasma....all of it.
It's not even worth watching all of season 1. Watch season 1, but turn it off after the end of the second to last episode. Still not an ideal place to leave it, but it's the best option.
If you enjoyed either of those games, you'll likely dig Detroit: Become Human.
It’s an extremely silly movie.
Nah. Forge has said there's no plans for new music in 2019, due to existing touring commitments. I'd say the Cardinal will either retire from touring or get a promotion with the new album planned for 2020.
Oh, god dammit. I've been waiting on my Sorus bucks for *years*.
I'm on the anti-fa-appreciation-society board of directors! How did we miss out!?!? We have our Taco Tuesday Deep State meeting next week, I'll bring it up.
I agree with them.
Half blind in my left eye. Right eye is 20/20, so it’s dominant. Really only my periphery on the left is awful, but straight forward and obviously to the right I have effectively 20/20 vision. Thought it was just like being right handed when I was a kid. Then they gave me a vision test and told me otherwise. Never had an issue with depth perception, but I can never see those weird 3D image painting things. (THERE IS NO EASTER BUNNY!!!!!)
I'm glad I just watched that special, so I could understand the reference.
Square Hammer is one of those four chord songs (I think). It’s going to sound similar to a lot of things due to the nearly identical chord progressions.
How did I miss that Chris Pine was Blonde Parker?
Well I legitimately missed it, so thank you in all seriousness.
We're going to get the political equivalent of Yakov Smirnoff as a replacement, aren't we?
Yeah, I'm pretty much definitely going for a meet and greet package next time.
Oh, god dammit, we missed another memo....
I thought it worked, considering the limited time the character had to make an impression on you. He was fantastic.
Obligatory: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOlDewpCfZQ But yeah, I remember listening to it thinking "Holy shit this is *really* catchy...wait, it's those chords. I think?!"
Cheerios. I eat store brand cereal for everything but Cheerios. Everything else tastes wrong.
“I’m Eric!” Not you, I’m talking to my fictional movie son. “....but. I’m Eric!”
Is true. But people should still be aware of the legal consequences should they get caught.
Nah I get what you meant. I just thought it was funny.
And unlike the wall gofundme, this can actually buy a shit ton of ladders. Where the wall one has something like 1/100000 of a border wall currently?
"Filibuster proof senate" :laughs in Leiberman:
I'm pretty sure my heart just skipped a solid 5 beats.
Closer to the price it should have been at launch, for sure. $60 for an up-rez of an six year old game with a new Duke Nukem voice (that you had to pay extra for if you didn't pre-order).. Woo. Ugh, sorry. Griping. It's a solid game, especially at that price.
First one was pretty good. Second one was pretty meh. I think if they third one is decent, it will have been worth the money.
I didn’t really like it. The bits at the end were good, but on the whole it was just not very funny IMO. Edit: Apparently people don't like it when you say Adam Sandler isn't very funny anymore, if it's in the vicinity of a clip the most worthwhile thing he's done in nearly 20 years.
RDR2 is a technical masterpiece. God of War (In my opinion) is the better game.
Oh, sure. I've just never tasted store brand Cheerios that tasted even remotely right.
I was born on the exact same day as Chris Pine and Macaulay Culkin. Also (if you go by the results of the national championship tournament by placement), in 2017, I was the 13th best Pub Poker player in the United States.
WHY DID YOU DAY THAT NAME?!
Well it is both Black Magic, and fuckery....I'll allow it! (Though obviously I'm not a mod).
I need Ryan Reynolds' Deadpool and Holland's Spider-Man to interact in a movie.
“Can stone cold Steve Austin direct it?” Hahahahaha.
They’re good at making money. Not a great reason creatively, but that’s the reason.
......but what do we do on a 9????
That song live is something else.
Yeah exactly. Especially considering on the tour the M&amp;M thing was happening on, they were using the biggest, heaviest lighting rig that anyone had ever used on tour of its kind. They wanted to make sure they were reading and following the riders to a T. No brown m&amp;m’s? Quadruple check that the building is up to spec for their rig and have a word with local management.
Yeah I read that and laughed. It was an obscenely reasonable rider for a tour of its kind.
Especially this one.
Strawberries are packed with fiber!
HAIL SANTA!
That is so wonderful. Thanks for sharing.
It’s great. They’re there if you’re looking for them, but you have to be looking for them.
Pa-paw Emeowritus.
Even the haters and losers!???!
Yeah, you're right. He's putting a giant spotlight on how the two are incongruous. Poor you.
I went in with managed expectations, but a generally looking forward to the movie, and it sucked. It has a few really solid jokes, and running gags, but it was kind of terrible.
It has a few solid jokes, and I thought one of the running gags was particularly funny...but save your money. It's barely worth the two hours of your time, even if it were free.
I see so many "X in the style of Y" videos on youtube, where the person is just playing a specific song by Y, with a bit of X mixed in, and they call it a day. "Like, oh here's Pantera's Walk, but we play Thunder Kiss Sixty five and just kind of work the main riff from Walk in occasionally, and call it Walk as performed by White Zombie". This guy actually puts the work in to do BoC in the style of Ghost. As well as his other videos...the Chop Suey Ghost video is amazing.....even if it's a little guilty of 'What if Year Zero was Chop Suey'. Anyway, he's great.
I broke my right hand last year. I had *some* finger mobility, but holy shit was life hell for a few weeks.
....awful? I. Just. But. No. It’s a classic. (Obviously everyone is welcome to their own opinion, but this particular one hurts my brain).
The song in the trailer features prominently in Zoolander.
If I had a dollar bill.....
Hahaha, what a story IMFEDUPWIDDISWURL
Eh. All of the major beats are there. It’s a flawless adaptation. But there is more to the story in the book. I don’t know that it’s better, per se, but definitely worth reading if you enjoy the movie and/or King’s work in general.
Vader is a disabled war veteran who got some artificial limbs, and a respirator and jumped back into the fight, catastrophic burns and all. Granted, he murdered a bunch of children, and any of his former colleagues that he could get his hands on, and then assisted in the annihilation of an entire planet, and other countless atrocities. But. Wait. I kind of lost my train of reasoning.
So brave. So inspiring. Taking pot shots at the president as they quit, rather than making any sort of substantive stance against the person they're now comfortably criticizing when it actually meant anything.
Great, now I want a Star Wars political satire called "The Death of Vader".
Especially without months to theorize. Jon popping back up must have been a hell of a thrill.
I am not David, sorry.
I was listening to NPR last night, and they actually called one of the people that gave it a "fresh" review. He was amused that they took a few of the lines where he said something nice about it, and assume he liked it....considering he thought it was awful. That's how bad this movie is. NPR is calling people asking them why they liked it.
Oh thanks for tracking that down and sharing it!
Is true that Snyder isn't wholly responsible for the Justice League train wreck, but Man of Steel and BvS could have been SO much better with someone who wasn't obsessed with Frank Miller at the helm. I like Frank Miller. I'd love to see a Dark Knight returns movie done right. I just don't think we need Frank Miller flavored everything (and really not even getting *that* right) and Snyder's aesthetic is tiresome.
The one from the second game is also great.
My brain hurts just reading that word. 10/10.
Room 237 definitely goes into moon landing conspiracy theories that are related to the filming of the Shining.
Yeah, it's a weird watch for me. I *love* The Shining, but I also loathe stupid conspiracy theories. So it's interesting, but the ridiculousness of many of these people infuriate me.
Happy and talkative.
I don’t know. Breaking Bad taught me that giving a billionaire some ramen really goes over well!
Disgusting. But unsurprising.
No release date set; but more than likely late this year.
Diablo 3. Every year or so I go back in and level up a seasonal character and run rifts until I get bored again.
Mantzoukas’ character even had his own poster!! And he’s in it for five minutes and has like three lines.
What in the actual fuck does that have anything to do with my anger at how little people who save fucking lives are paid?
Cool story. Thanks for contributing.
It's interesting that the heart gets going better than a jog during intense moments at the table.
I'd comment on this, but I wasn't there....so clearly I have nothing to say on it.
Really kind of minimal Derek.
Not terrible, that makes perfect sense. I figured that had something to do with it, I just found it interesting. Thanks!
One of the most satisfying moments I’ve had in a game was invading someone’s game, hiding in a car while I hacked them, trolling them by hacking everything around them, getting found, racing through traffic for a solid minute until I hacked a street light and caused an 18 wheeler to take them out. So many possibilities when it’s done right.
No tongue sticking out at the end. 0/10 Joking, that's fantastic.
Have read the script. This doesn't spoil anything, especially without proper context.
It's going to have a few super unsettling and disgusting moments. I'd say it's on the same level as Hereditary....*maybe* a little more intense.
It's really hard to get into the whys and the hows of the gore and the more disturbing elements without spoiling it.
Yo mamas so gay, that I didn't forget the apostrophe, that's just the plural form.
But for some reason traveling to, and trading with Cuba is just a bridge too far.
I really think the most pertinent question is the whose?
It's centered around a traditional Swedish summer festival, this is just marketing.
I took it like this. Remember when you were a kid, and didn't understand how something simple and mundane works, and you just assume it has to work one way, when that doesn't really make any sense? That's this lady and likely the entire concept of the internet, if not most technology.
If Trump were concerned about the national security of the United States, he would have never run for President.
Dude is absurdly nimble for his size. I hope they let him do more stuff like that.
Jesus Christ that jackhammer botch. I think Goldberg legit had has bell rung when he got cut open. Glad Taker seems to be okay. I hope Goldberg is. Edit: Yep, he knocked himself out. Dude tried to finish the match....could have killed the Undertaker with that botch, but it's nuts that he finished the match in the first place.
...but....but they told me it would be Wrestlemania caliber. (/s)
Goldberg hurt himself headbutting the door. Then hurt himself again when he headbutted the turnbuckle/post. Then hurt himself again when taker planted him with an unprotected tombstone. Then dropped taker on his head with the worst jackhammer ever. Then botched a tombstone reversal spot. Then lost to a chokeslam.
For Valve to learn to count to three.
I feel like there's a Hulk gif for this. No. Not that one, you pervert.
Yes. That one. Not that one.
Like the latest 15 page theory about how R+L=J is definitely not true, even though Martin has all but confirmed that it’s true?
Dude was dying of cancer and did it largely because it would make his kids happy.
He’s so good in that. I’m so sad it got canceled.
I didn't really encounter any accents that were beyond my comprehension. Until Scotland.
I would imagine it's something like Ay-uh-nis. But yes.
It would be fine, if it were an interesting story. But it's not. Shane plays the uber heel to a largely successful face turning Miz, and never gets his comeuppance. (Well, he got his ass handed to him at Mania and in that cage match...but he won BOTH). Switches to Reigns, and goes over even dirty? To what end? What do they do next? It's stupid. Shane can hang in the ring, especially when given the right opponent, and super especially for a guy of his age and relatively little experience....but come on. Just another symptom of the failing product.
I've lost too many friends to chasing the Mouse.
Highlander. It won the Academy award for best movie ever made.
Flop top set. Runner runner straight.
Fucking Gladiator, ya fuck!
Doctor McCoy, you know for a certainty that I did not. This line of questioning is without logic.
The story behind Reigns and McIntyre is shite, but those two can put on a hell of a match.
I've had my bladder checked for cancer. Twice. (Clear both times, thankfully). Imagine how one would get a camera in there. And now imagine how that would feel. That.
Well. It is Tuesday.
I didn’t see anything. I was too busy concentrating on not yelling or punching the doctor.
I was mostly just remarking that it was the appropriate day of the week to praise Bison. But. You know. Life. Chocolate. Who knows?
Rambo.
How Did This Get Made is wonderful. Super excited for the live recording(s) next month in Boston.
And then everyone clapped.
I wasn't expecting it to be bad. Put these characters in a room and let them toy at eachother, and have the aliens go "ooooooooooooo" and I'm pleased. But I *wasn't* expecting it to be getting the kind of praise the previous entries had.
It's very silly. It's very reminiscent of Hitchhiker's Guide, if you're not familiar with Pratchett's work....except biblical apocalypse instead of well...."Aliens clearing way for a galactic highway" apocalypse. McKean and Tennant only have a few scenes together, though.
Jaime Lannister Eddard Stark Varys
Liberal here. No problems with guns, though I’m also fine with reasonable gun legislation. (I’m extremely liberal so this is as conservative as it gets).
There’s usually a warning but it’s not like they snarl at you when this happens. Watch their body language.
Cats do a lot of communicating with their tail. If it’s sharply whipping back and forth it’s usually a sign of irritation.
To be perfectly fair though, good on them for doing it. The people that NEED to hear what Stewart is saying is precisely that audience.
The actual *news* portions of Fox aren't nearly as bad as the prime time opinion stuff. The channel is still trash regardless, but that doesn't surprise me a whole lot.
Cardi J.
It’s weird to me that one of the most genuinely well done plot twists in a movie I’ve seen is in Predator 3 of all things.
I thought each episode felt like initially exceptionally boring movies, each with a fantastic second and /or third act. Mediocre black mirror is still good television but I was a bit disappointed. Miley Cyrus was a real stand out, though. She was wonderful.
Ah yes. The ol “fiercely and consistently advocate for 9/11 first responders because. Uhm. Money” game. :taps temple:
His last scenes are so good in reflection of that as well. He tries to minimize his participation in the holocaust, rather than his reveling in it in the beginning.
Surprised the hell out of me, and set up an amazing final bit of movie. :shrug:
Oh, right. That's fair.
I saw the genre description, and thought to myself. "Finally. For once there won't be an argument about what genre this is", because that's pretty much the best description of the band. The music is both progressive, and metal. These terms are not mutually exclusive.
Gaga was great in that movie, so I didn't have an issue with her nomination. But Collette definitely should have been on that list, yeah.
"I turn a full house, and this pisses me off". I am confused by every single bit of your thought process.
Given the amount of needless outrage at the supposed micro transactions at the initial launch that turned out to be completely baseless, you think it might be wise to keep the pitchforks on hold until they actually announce something worth raging over?
Also. I looked at the part you were talking about. Those are clearly REWARDS for reaching a certain level in the league. And yes needless. The reward balance and difficulty was off, they fixed it almost immediately. As it currently stands you can buy a COUPLE cosmetics a day with time crystals, so they can’t even take advantage of whales let alone every day customers. And you get plenty of time crystals from just playing the game. I’ve sunk about 50 hours into the game, and even as someone who frequently feels tempted to open a loot box or two for some extra stuff in a game, I’ve had zero compulsion to give them more money. Predatory, give me a break.
I'm sorry that the game's way of rewarding you for playing it isn't to your liking. It's a good thing this new free content they're introducing gives you more ways to earn rewards!
....have you even played the game? Do you even have *any* idea what you're talking about, other than what you think you learned from the initial outrage?
Right, but it can work both ways. If they win, no problem! Fake news! No hacking! If they lose? HACKED MACHINES. FAKE ELECTION.
He's doing everything he can to provoke it, and it's not returning the expected results. They've now moved on to making shit up to excuse an invasion.
You don't understand. David Hogg. He. Ugh. I can't believe I have to type this. David....Hogg. Has. :hurk: An. Oh man. I'm so sorry. David Hogg has an opinion on gun control. CAN YOU EVEN FUCKING IMAGINE? OF COURSE THIS IS ON THE SAME LEVEL AS RACIAL SLURS AND ANTI-SEMITISM!!! (..../s)
Second this. I also love Sanderson's Mistborn series. (Though Stormlight is more similar in scope to ASoIaF).
Just started. Decided to read by order of what books are focused on what characters/groups/whatever (as opposed to chronological release), so I picked up Guards! Guards! Pretty great so far.
But I’ve heard the antifa hides in your closet and pops out to punch you if you even think a positive thought about Donald Trump! The antifa is the fascist!!!!
Mostly the not living in constant fear that one of the people who are supposed to be caring for you might be in a mood to punch you and throw you around a room for no reason.
He actually implicated that they might still be guilty after declining to apologize. The next time someone asks you to name one racist thing trump did, you now have that particular egregious one, and him doubling down on it in 2019.
I'll be sure to pass along what. Uhm. "Niggola" has to say about tarnishing things.
....what about those Infinities Wars, tho!??!
:sigh: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5NC7eI_KMw
Yeah, I'd also like to see how the story would have continued/ended if he hadn't rushed it. (Especially considering we're now 16 years later, and King is still writing 2 books a year....so it's not like he wouldn't have finished it).
Covfefe. Or not Covfefe. That is the question.
It's a gang that got its name from a song in the Aladdin stage musical. Founded by a Canadian. In addition to being fascist white supremacists.....they're also just.....bonkers.
And both rum and coke shoot out of my nose.
I think you mean. Best. In the wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooorld! SHANE! McMAHON!!!!!
Saw them last night in Boston. Hell of a show.
I think it's free for Audible subscribers this month. (You don't need to use a credit). Just started listening to Pratchett's City Watch series, will probably listen to this when I'm done with those, before moving onto the other Discworld stuff.
The Force Unleashed had it, but you're right that it's (at the very least) rare.
I got WWE 2k18 on the switch, and in the myriad of problems that port had, the input lag was the thing that completely killed it for me. One of the only games I've ever returned.
This is the first time they've ever toured. They're still working on things...their Bash Brothers Netflix thing just came out recently, and they have some kind of action movie that's in development currently.
As of right now he’s actually the 9 time 24/7 champion.
That's messed up, right?
There were female wrestlers....and Zach Levi thinking he's David Bowie...and a weirdly mish mashed plot, because of the rewrite necessitated by Omundson having a stroke. :(
Remember AoP?
His songs in both Rick and Morty and Moana are wonderfully Bowie.
“Shadow dong”
I love how this is framed. Judge determines that it is legal and appropriate for congress to review the Business records of the sitting president. "Judge gives democrats the green light to start digging". Thanks, Vanity Fair. You're helping.
A large % of the field satellites in as well. (I play in 2 separate leagues that offer main event seats as top prizes, not to mention the satellites that are offered at card rooms and casinos). But poker (with a few exceptions) is one of the only games out there where the only barrier to entry in these kind of championships is the money. If the main event cost $500 you'd get what we saw in the Big 50.
What an absolute fucking child.
One of my favorite songs from my favorite Slayer album.
And she'll ignore it. And nothing will happen. (I'm really not trying to be defeatist here, but let's be realistic).
Did athletes who refused to meet with Obama also hate the United States? On what planet is Donald Trump "The US"?
Well, this is a rollercoaster of a morning in SCOTUS news.
"Why are you wearing that stupid fish bowl suit?"
Dev, West, Aus, Unplugged, South, East. Each HUGE gaming conventions (though unplugged is a bit smaller, and dev happens immediately prior to West at the same location), all run by the same staff of people. I get the want of it from the attendee perspective, but I doubt they can or want to do it.
You're ahead of pretty much Ax, and them getting frisky with small pairs or connectors or just air and a button. Without a prior read, fold, IMO.
Can’t agree about die hard 3. It’s an amazing movie, and one of my favorites but Die Hard is just untouchable.
I love the room. It’s so weird to not be relegated to some corner of the casino. Great view, gorgeous casino. Glad I have my noise canceling headphones though, it can be a bit loud.
Poorly. Up and down at the table, ran a three street bluff with a busted straight draw when I thought I had a good read on the villain, and a pot sized shove on the river. Tanks for three minutes and calls with bottom set (that he flopped) on a relatively dangerous board. Figured if he was that strong he would have raised at some point, but that was incorrect. Only wanted to fire the one bullet tonight so that’s it for the evening. Fantastic time.
Yeah it’s weird for a NL game to be capped at 100bb buyin.
Was at a party when I was much younger. Dude sits down next to me. He’s my friends weird room mate. No big. Eventually people wander off, and it’s just me and him in the room. He says something complimentary and I look over and dude has a switch blade in his hand and he’s staring at me. Thankfully right at that moment my friend comes into the room, and immediately distracts the guy. Noped right the fuck out of that place.
I have so little faith that Vince isn’t just going to insist on his stupid fucking ideas anyway.
The eventual “heel gets his” moment had better be fucking spectacular.
Yeah our first dealer was obviously brand new, but he did a good job considering. The rest of them were pros.
Oh I don’t mind it. I’m just used to it being a bit higher.
It’s been over ten years. So Portal. I play it pretty much every year.
When the mike Tyson-less version dropped on the Nintendo online library it’s pretty much all I played for a few days.
It's in Everett, which is right outside of Boston.
?
I hope Mella gets the belt, and then it's her with all the jobbers in the Women's division chasing her around with Truth's help.
Ah, yeah. I get that. It didn't cause me any trouble.
I love doing this song at karaoke, but there’s always a relatively recent school shooting making doing so to be in poor taste.
Except some people are big Idris Elba fans. So he's good for the part *and* those people are partial to him in particular. You could say "why him?" about most anyone, and then respond "Yeah, but other people are good for the part too" when they point out how he'd fit the mold.
The movie was a horse shit adaptation, and not a particularly good movie regardless (though even as a HUGE Dark Tower fan, I didn't hate it as much as most), but I thought he did a great job with the pile of crap he was given. I wish we got to see him give it a crack in a *good* version of that movie.
There is something to be said about the suffering of Irish Immigrants under indentured servitude. But to equate this experience to that of the suffering of Africans under Chattel slavery is beyond the pale. And I'm of primarily Irish decent. What really gets me is that the same people making this argument are frequently the same ones shitting on Central/South American immigrants, when the Irish were viewed in much the same way just a century ago. Oh, but that comparison doesn't vibe with their white nationalist bullshit.
That has been my thought as well! It’s a relatively simple story with massive hints of bigger goings on. Other than flashbacks, it has four characters total. (Well six, if you count the crow and the oracle/demon). Make that thing for a handful of money, and if it does well you can go bug nuts with drawing of the three. But no. We got. Whatever that was.
One might say....you're not gonna lie, I had you in the first half?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. (The original cartoon). MASK Transformers GI Joe Duck Tales
I'll never forget seeing the trailer for that first movie, when I wasn't even aware they were making a Turtles movie. 9 year old me, completely losing his shit in a crowded theater (of other kids completely losing their shit).
Ah, well...."Next motherfucker gonna get my metal" and "pow pow pow" can give off another vibe. I still do the song on occasion, it's just a bit iggy sometimes.
Wow. Edit. And to be clear. It appears that this “white knights” and “low self esteem” post seems to be I inspired by people responding in a helpful way to a question as to whether or not one can expect swag at PAX West. Doubly for serious. Wow.
I used to *hate* Alton Brown for no good reason. Something about his schtick on Good Eats. just grated on me. But then I started watching Cutthroat Kitchen, and he's one of my favorite celebrity chef types (though I don't think he considers himself a chef). (And yes, I even like Good Eats now).
Because I listen to music when there isn’t good conversation happening or if noise is distracting me?
Well. Alrighty then!
*are not your friend, genius.
Oh for sure. I was just giving myself shit. I got chips for the 1/3 game and a table opened up at 2/5 and I decided to give it a go, as I was going to play a relatively short session anyway. (This was in two hours, I hit two absolutely huge hands and got all the action).
Soon! Clearly I’m on my way! ...../s. :)
Hand 1: Effective stack is $350, villain has hero covered. No read on villain here, he's new to the table. Folds to Villain who raises to $20 from the button, SB folds hero calls with KTh in the big blind. Flop is 2s 3s 6c. Hero checks. Villain bets $20. Decide to bluff with air, planning on continuing on basically any turn and folding to any raise. Make it $80. Villain tank calls, doesn't look happy about it. Turn is Td. So, now we have top pair, good kicker. Spade draw is still out there, but I think it likely villain just had an overpair to the flop. We're now ahead of 77-99, and any ace high/flush draw floats. Bet $100. Villain tank calls. River is a blank (I forget what it is). I shove for the remaining $180, into the pot of $360. Maybe I can get better hands to fold. Maybe I can get worse hands to call. I honestly played this hand so poorly that it was just kind of a fuck it shove. Villain calls after not a lot of time. Show the KT, villain mucks absolutely disgusted. Says he had me on a busted flush draw. To be clear, this is the \*worst\* I've played a hand in a good long time. I wasn't deep enough to take this line effectively. I should have picked a better hand to bluff with. My sizing was all wrong on the turn and river, regardless. It actually kind of bothered me, regardless of results. (A few hands later) Hand 2: Villain seems like a solid player, have played a few hands aggressively against him and won each of them. I had just shown the table that I am apparently willing to put chips in the pot with absolute air. Effective stack is \~$700, villain has hero covered. Folds to villain in mid position, he raises to $20. Folds to hero in the CO with AsAh. Raise to $75. Folds to villain who calls. Flop is Ad Jd 4c. Villain checks. Hero bets $100. Villain snap calls. Turn is the 7h. \~$350 in the pot. We have $525 behind. Villain checks. I decide to just get it all in. Trying to make it look like I want a fold. I think I should have just bet half pot here, and shoved most any river if called and checked to. But...villain tank calls. River is a Qs. We show top set, villain mucks, we take a $1400 pot.
Hmm...
I may as well have a degree in Menzobarrenzon History and Politics!
My friend wanted company and got me a ticket. Had never read the book, I only knew Alison Bechdel from the idea of the Bechdel test. Completely blew me away. Definitely check it out if you have an opportunity.
Only if they also had their ass wobbled.
I was responding to the assertion that he hasn't had an original idea in 20 years, not the quality of the films, which was in my opinion a completely ridiculous statement considering how different Red State, Tusk, and Yoga Hosers were from his previous stuff. I liked Red State and Tusk a lot, and thought Yoga Hosers was a mess. I'm glad he tried new things, and I'm also glad he's doing more View Askewniverse stuff. I don't think it matters if he got an idea while stoned on a podcast....dude still wrote, directed, and produced an entire movie based on that ridiculous idea.
"I haven't liked a Kevin Smith movie in 20 years" would be a fair statement. "Kevin Smith hasn't had a new idea in 20 years" would not be....was really my only point.
This kind of situation is pretty much the only time you can/should be able to get away from KK preflop. This deep, he can fold if villain's range is pretty much AA-AA. I've folded Kings \*once\* pre-flop. Cash game, I raise UTG, OMC next to me 3-bets, folds to me, I 4-bet, and he snap jams. (We were both deep enough that I didn't \*have\* to call). Folded face up, he shows the Aces. Dude shouldn't be playing at stakes where this kind of situation causes you to get that emotional, but fuck that guy for slow rolling him.
Pretty sure she's going to be in it with the original actress.
BBC's Dracula tv show. Not into guys, but I'm kind of okay with it. Other than the going to die thing.
Be prepared for a ten paragraph screed from one of the Yang gang as they delusionally try to explain how he even has a snowball’s chance in the primary.
I'll stop being snoody when I don't see 20 different manifestos in every thread about Yang about how he's actually going to win because EXPONENTIAL GROWTH or something. Advocate for your guy! I like Yang! I'm just sick of the delusion.
I agree entirely.
“It’s definitely a long shot”. You’re definitely not a person I was referring to here, you acknowledge that it’s a long shot.
And that’s part of the problem. Trump could somehow be being truthful. But he’s demonstrated repeatedly that you can’t even trust him about (LITERALLY) the weather. He’s in charge of the largest military this world has ever known and he has absolutely no credibility. This is fucked.
THEY GOT TREVOR!!!
At a holiday party at my girlfriend's place, and she introduces me to her friend who she knows also enjoys poker. We end up talking about poker for a good long while, and my other friend remarks that she has no idea what we're saying, but she's glad I was actually enjoying a conversation! (I'm ridiculously quiet at large gatherings where I don't know a lot of people). I remarked that I could talk about poker for days. ...then thought about it for a few seconds, and realized I wasn't kidding. Also, this ended with me getting invited to a home game tomorrow, so that's fun.
I'm gonna tell my kids that was Star Trek.
I am so smart. I am so smart. S-M-R-T.
There's a scene in that movie where a plane crashes. Nicolas Cage's character is running through the wreckage because...I don't even remember, and a guy runs by entirely on fire. Cage yells "HEY!!!" at the guy as he runs by, as if he's been slighted. By the man. Who is on fire. I love this movie.
Oh, it's a great scene. But that particular moment is super funny to me.
You underestimate my preflop range!!
Lucifer is so good. That kind of show is rarely anything resembling my cup of tea, but it's brilliant.
The primary mystery is resolved, and the climax is relatively grounded....even if there are heavy supernatural elements \*involved\*. I loved the story front to back, should continue translate well to screen. As an aside, I'm \*super\* happy Dennis Lehane is involved as a writer, as he did some great work on the Mr. Mercedes show. (On top of being a fantastic writer in general).
Yeah, after watching the second episode I thought to myself there's no way this thing is longer than 6 episodes. There's going to be 10. I'd imagine they're going to give the main players in the back half of the book more to do.
If I'm remembering the book correctly, that character has a \*very\* good arc.
Reading the non-book-reader's theories is one of my favorite things right now.
Odds on Trump's luggage combination being 1-2-3-4-5?
Dude played a farting corpse in a movie, and it was amazing. 100% agree.
Their version of "Dog on Fire" was Stewart's Daily Show theme, but they didn't write it.
At least the ocean front area of Plymouth where it's located has a lot of really good restaurants and shops?
I had never seen or heard this when I went and saw them live last summer. I was so confused.
The only things that matter to me is a respect for the source material (unless there’s a REALLY GOOD reason to go In an entirely different direction with it, like Kubrick’s Shining, for example) and good Television. Looking forward to some turns that I might not be expecting.
The really good reason is that Kubrick made an absolute masterpiece of a film, that just doesn't happen to understand it's source material at all.
HEY BABY. PLA-CE-BOoooo!
Want another surprise....read the book. It's soooooooo much darker.
I hated the main character so much that I wanted to stop reading it, but I powered through it. Was worth it. It's just so odd to have a 'protagonist' be that repulsive.
Hard to say. I found it dull, except for Tom Ellis' performance as Lucifer for the first couple episodes. He was compelling enough for me to keep watching, and right about the time his performance stopped being enough to carry the thing, the rest of the show kind of gets amazing around him. It's not for everyone, but I'd give the first season a shot if you're enjoying it at all.
It's good...especially if you enjoy the show. They've said it's going to start to get different, but the first two episodes are a \*very good\* (if abbreviated) adaptation of the first 1/3 or so of the book, so if you like that, you'll very likely enjoy the book. It does ties into the Bill Hodges Trilogy (Mr. Mercedes, Finders Keepers, End of Watch). You could read The Outsider, and then the Bill Hodges Trilogy....but you'd be meeting a character important to both books out of order chronologically, and Outsider does spoil a few things for the other books. (It's brief, but it's there). Also, the Mr. Mercedes television show is excellent if you can find it. (It's only on AT&amp;T's streaming service).
And they’re on Netflix. Go. Go watch.
Mr. Mercedes gets really good as it goes along, and their version of Holly is probably my favorite part. It's \*very\* different than how she's portrayed here, though. But I also like the Outsider TV show version of Holly as well....just glad that they seem to be getting these stories right, and making some good television.
Props to showtime for giving him carte Blanche with the return, too. What a wild ride that thing was.
Imagine the ratings!!!
You're complaining that characters in a movie/television are black, because of how it would change said characters' relationships with CHARACTERS THAT DON'T EXIST IN THE MOVIE OR TELEVISION SHOW YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT. And you're STILL complaining about Roland being black in the Dark Tower two and a half years after that movie fell on it's face, and will never see a sequel for a whole litany of reasons that have absolutely nothing to do with Idris Elba playing Roland. Dude's probably the best part of the movie. But yeah. That's not weird at all.
Waking up very late for work or something else that’s important.
I feel like this one would call him Mr. Stank.
I liked Season 1 the most. After that, it seems like every season starts with the interesting and the scary and about half way through devolves into just ridiculous campy bullshit. If that sounds fun to you, check it out.
Gotta pull it back a bit. Make it more relatable.
The "full retard" monologue is rough. Taken at face value, it's an awful bit of dialogue, however funny entirely because of RDJ's delivery. In the context of the movie? The whole point of the movie is that "These people are fucking idiots", Lazarus \*especially\*...and that monologue is a part of that. He's a fucking idiot. I get why people have an issue with it. My sister's mentally disabled. I'm not overly sensitive to it, but I \*very much get it\*. And problematic things don't automatically get a pass just because they're meant to be satirical. But, personally, I think in the context of the movie it's fine.
Some of the seasons I like when it veers into the camp, and others I don't. Hotel was a good example of them getting that right. I LOVED the beginning, then it changed and I still loved it.
I'm terrified of what his idea of an October surprise could be, considering his willingness to just do whatever, fuck your oversight.
Yep me too. I sweat almost every time I nap.
I watch both this and Better Call Saul at least once a year. (I often just have it on as background noise while I'm working, but still).
I wish one person would ask Trump on camera "Mr. President. Can you please tell us what 'perennial' means?"
To be fair, all are idiots in contrast to Doom.
Mostly I was just trying to say something Doom would think. Were Doom fair. Dude's a BAMF, regardless, but his absolute confidence and arrogance is wonderful.
I haven't played it since it first came out, so I'm not entirely sure how well it holds up, but it was \*amazing\* at launch.
....thank you for bringing that to my attention.
Nah, "Biased against Mr. Fantastic"
Which I had not heard until I googled what you had posted. So...thank you. :)
Interestingly enough, we already have a clip from the movie! [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KKRiXcivAQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KKRiXcivAQ)
Baby can you dig your man?
Horizon Zero Dawn scratched the 'explore literally everything' itch in me like few others ever have. It's focus is obviously on the open world action, but there's a lot of story and lore tidbits that are littered throughout the world. One of the few games I have a platinum trophy on for my PS4. Highly recommend, especially since you can usually get the complete game (including DLC) for under $20 now.
I’ve heard rumblings that it’s coming to PC after Death stranding launched on PC. (Same engine, and the HZD dev team helped Kojima optimize everything). Don’t know if there’s anything solid yet, but it seems very likely to happen. But. PS4 has an absolutely ridiculous library with a lot of amazing exclusives, so it’s a good investment.
The Last Baron by Mastodon.
"I am....inevitable". "And I'm the dude!"
8 year olds, dude.
The "let the people decide" is an especially ridiculous argument, considering part of what he's accused of doing involves illegally using his presidential position to influence an election he's involved in. This essentially says "Yeah, you can keep doing that".
Ah, yes. "I know you are, but what am I?". It's an older lazy insult, sir, but it checks out.
Oh, good. Considering that Q is essentially just 4chan inciting terrorism by repeatedly yelling "NOTICE ME, SENPAI. It should be fun to see what happens to deranged yahoos that Trump just fucking winked at.
....now I kind of want Alex Wolff to show up in one of the next series of chapters. Just chillin'
And then spent a half hour tweeting other examples of folks using 'no quarter' in entirely different contexts. It's like. Yeah. The term is often used more broadly. But usually when you're specifically calling on the military to offer no quarter it has. You know. A fairly specific meaning.
Hunnerd\*
He’s never been on board with Trump. Dude catches a lot of shit from the lunatics in my state for being a RINO, even though he’s basically the same competent, middle of the road, relatively liberal republican we’ve had for the past 40 years other than Dukakis and Patrick (who were middle of the road Democrats).
Not only that, but he tear gassed Americans so he could hold the bible in front of a church!
:looks at headline: "I'll bet that's The Root" :checks source: "Yep, still has the best headlines".
Freak poker accident.
"It's a bible". How much you want to bet evanglicals still don't see a problem. Fucking two Corinthians.
You picked 12 Angry Men. How old Are you, 90?
To be fair, either way Dude A is a gate keeping elitist.
It's because they like the drones and attacks on privacy.
I once had a guy explain his support for Donald Trump by simply showing me a picture of Mattis, and saying that he's on board with Trump as long as he has Mattis on his team. I wonder what that guy's thinking today. (Spoiler alert: It's "WTF, I suddenly hate Jim Mattis".)
McConnell has no shame. I think it's \*possible\* that he'll allow investigations, but I wouldn't count on it.
Oh, no I'm sure this will be a breaking point for some, if not many. I just mean this guy in particular.
Oh, come on now. That's ridiculous. It was 2018. He had it saved and ready on his phone.
Meanwhile "You folks are being ridiculous. Everything's fine! The water isn't boiling yet!"
I'm seeing it too, but I'm (cynically) just waiting for them to be provided with another wedge issue to get irate about, and it's back on team fascism.
Oh come on. Interstellar (let alone inter galactic) travel is so mind bogglingly insurmountable that it's so unlikely we'll ever see an alien ever, let alone in our life time. Let alone this year. The things we can do with Artificial Intelligence right now is impressive, but it's no where near the level where it could become self aware and dangerous. Zombies? Rage zombies, maybe. I'll give you that. But things that are dead aren't going to get up and walk around. That's not how anything works. Obviously it's going to be the lizard people.
I really hope you didn't spend a lot of time disproving what was clearly a joke.
[https://giphy.com/gifs/reactiongifs-dodgeball-reactiongif-ND8UNy8UKyCaI](https://giphy.com/gifs/reactiongifs-dodgeball-reactiongif-ND8UNy8UKyCaI)
Bought a secret lab chair when I started working from home full time. I've lost count of how many times I've passed out soon after work, and woke up an hour or so later, without even the slightest discomfort from having slept upright. So comfortable. They're expensive, but if you spend a lot of time in your office chair, or just want a good gaming chair, worth every penny.
I mean. He answered the question honestly, at least?
"More for Gore or the son of a drug lord? None of the above, fuck it, cut the cord!" (Written in 1999) Yeah, the problem is other people reading too much into the lyrics.
My Trump loving Dad bought me a My Pillow, and I honestly can't tell if it was intended as some kind of pwning his liberal son. Decent pillow, though.
Girl who sat next to me in Math class when I was 13. It passed, but I ended up working with her at CVS a few years later, and she was like "Hey, we used to go to school together!". (We lived in the same town, but I went to a regional high school, so we ended up at different schools for most of the time between). And I responded a little too enthusiastically and specifically in regards to which class at what time and stuff like that. All of the cringe.
Yeah, and he shared a video of Glenn Beck and Candace Owens talking about how disgusted she is that Floyd is being held up as a martyr. No, you didn't read that wrong. Not that he was martyred. She's disgusted that he's being regarded as one. This is a thing that Trump shared on Twitter today.
Dude's idiotic executive order actually forces Twitter to police MORE of it's content.
I think he’s realizing that they need to re-evaluate their relationship with the trump administration. Not that it excuses anything, fuck Facebook, but it might be changing.
Yeah, see this was my number one concern and that’s saying a lot. Like. Did we really want someone like this in charge if it hits the fan. Seriously trump supporters? Seriously?
That’s Le Champion to you, you STUPID IDIOT.
.....seriously? I just told you.
You get used to it.
At the very least it (by way of cinema sins) gave us the phrase “The Prometheus school of running away from things”!
:aggressive air guitar:
Milo was around for the Prequel! (GamerGate).
I'd even take a weird, brief, obviously bad CGI station cameo. They need to be there. ....they'd better at least yell "STATION!" at something.
Only if Steve Austin shows up to give him another stunner before he can reach the church.
I've got an organ donor thing on my drivers license. Can we also include a list of reasons where it's okay to politicize my death, should that happen, too?
Yeah, like the point is to try and provide some sort of comfort to the family, but obviously it's also about optics. It's stupid, but that's reality. Trump can't even be bothered to try to just fucking listen for five minutes.
DAMN RIGHT!
"......best.....two out of three!" "NO WAY!!!" "Yes.....way." :big creepy smile: I love those movies so much.
"Dude....if we die? You can have my Megadeth collection."
People always bemoan politicizing death. If I get killed by the police, PLEASE POLITICIZE MY DEATH. There’s more than a few situations where I’d be okay with that. The drivers license thing was just a (bad) suggestion as to how to indicate that to everyone.
Yeah rereading my comment, the intent there is muddled. That’s exactly what I meant.
Watch the documentary Mitt. I think it’s still on Netflix. (I watched it at the peak of my disdain for him, still super interesting). Dude seemed genuinely done with running for President at the end of that thing, and that was 8 years ago. I really doubt he’d be up for it when he’s pushing 80.
&gt;I really don’t get Trump’s confederate hard on. He's playing to his base. That's the beginning and end of it.
This is the kind of gun advocacy I can get behind enthusiastically. The rules don't change when the police or murdered black people are involved.
The first thing that came to mind when Krist praised Trump.
Somewhere Henry Rollins' eye is slightly twitching at the very thought of the people you're describing.
That song? The song about how white supremacists have infiltrated the police, and use it as an opportunity to murder people of color? The song about the racist cop murder in the least subtle manner possible? That's the song they love?
He praised the first big speech Trump gave in response to the protests, which obviously focused on the rioting. You know. The "Oh, good. Trump just found his Reichstag Fire" speech, for being exactly what we needed right now. If spinning in a grave were a thing that could happen, Washington state would be shaking.
You're a bad person, and I feel sorry for you.
Nah. It's for other reasons. Like how you're behaving right now, for example. Either you're a troll or you're deliberately ignorant. Either way, not a good look. You should work on that.
You're trying to get me to debate you. I'm not interested. You want to make me, and others angry. You're trying to make the world a worse place. Please stop.
Your methods are transparent, and I'm not falling for them. Have a good night.
These people are counter protesting an entirely peaceful "Stop murdering people of color without consequence" protest. Even without the flags, this tells you basically everything you need to know.
Well. You know. Context. The vast majority of protests going on right now are Black Lives Matter/Police Brutality protests. So, if we reasonably assume that's what's going on in the picture, we can reasonably assume people waving a confederate flag and a trump flag at said protesters are counter protesters. But I guess if you want to plead ignorance, sure. Just some patriots hanging out in front of a store waving flags. Nothing to see here.
I don't call them the American Taliban. They have every right to be there, and I'm glad they're doing what they're doing peacefully. I think they're assholes. That's what I think of people who counter protest Black Lives Matter. Assholes. Hey, look. That opinion's constitutionally protected too! I love how when it comes to dealing with Trump supporters, I'm expected to be civil when. :gestures at the behavior of Trump supporters:
I love that you implied a whole bunch of things, and when I respond to the implications you cry "I DIDN'T SAY THAT". Have a good one.
I'm not upset about anything. I'm just not going to waste my time talking to someone who says things, and then cries foul when I respond to the things they said.
Watching boring movies to pwn.....someone.
That honestly looked like a tag team wrestling move to me, so I read "Now, brother" in Hulk Hogan's voice.
I'm sorry that the internet has turned you into this kind of an asshole. Seriously.
I don’t know if it fits exactly, but Hannibal on Netflix is amazing.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqQ99s4Ywnw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqQ99s4Ywnw)
I was on vacation about 15 years ago, and my aunt's dog was sniffing my leg the entire week and whining. Got super sick on the way home, and had my first major shingles infection. The sores appeared on the leg that the dog was sniffing. It's fascinating.
If she's still married to him a year after he's no longer President, I'd be very surprised. If she has any decency, she'll divorce his ass and get Barron as far away from him as possible.
I'm still astonished that this isn't plainly obvious to everyone, but I'm SO GLAD that it's become obvious to many.
I can’t imagine Bowie listening to that song and not recognizing it. It’s different, but it’s not THAT different.
Link, because the music video is amazing. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioW8VBi631Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioW8VBi631Q)
Meh, it's fine for pop music.
Fair!
Does he look tired to you?
Just imagine a group of high level United States Health officials brainstorming, and thinking of a way to get people to take this even kind of seriously. "....guys. I've got it. You know what we haven't tried yet? "'MURCA!!!""
All Trump had to do was get on board, and sell MAGA/KAGA/WHATEVERTHEFUCKA masks. Millions for his reelection war chest/slush fund who are we kidding, and most everyone's wearing a fucking mask. But no.
I'm basically going to respond to any 'What should I watch on Netflix' question with 'Hannibal'. So. Hannibal.
I expect a statement from the NRA in support of the pastor in. Uhm. Well. lol
When they retake the senate, I just want whoever the leader is to put on a nice "Fuck you" smirk the first time Republicans accuse them of abusing their power. (Don't worry, it'll happen VERY fast, and they won't actually be abusing power when it happens).
It's toothless, he talked up the police while barely paying lip service to the victims, signed it surrounded by law enforcement representatives, and while he met with victims' families earlier in the day, none were present for the signing. None of this was unintentional.
"....that's not my bag, baby!"
So distribute them for free to folks that can use them. (Lupus treatment, and other applicable autoimmune disease treatments).
They're going to have a lot of practice at that 180 thing, considering how much of the behavior and policies they've been absolutely flaunting for the past three years are going to become suddenly bad and taboo the moment a Democrat tries them out.
There's a 45 minute Rocko's Modern Life one-off on Netflix that was released late last year. Adult humor and content intact.
What about Squee? #allsqueesmatter
If the BOK doesn’t protect their workers, that’s a hell of a sell for the local IATSE.
More attractive to potential members, yes....and this is a big part of convincing a work force to unionize.
Obligatory [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ES-yKOYaXq0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ES-yKOYaXq0)
"Yeah. Welcome to the club, pal"
And now the people that want to limit civil rights for minorities are Republicans, so that's why I'm not a Republican. Today. In the present. Not fifty years ago. Not thirty years ago. Not 10 years ago. Today. Your bad faith arguments are transparent. Here's your participation trophy for claiming membership to a political party that used to be worthwhile, but today is the worst kind of dumpster fire.
I can't remember the last time I laughed that hard at an unintentionally funny moment. Between that and Superman going diving for Kryptonite and bobbing to the top unconscious at the perfectly hilarious moment, seriously top notch unintended comedy.
Well.....he does communicate very effectively his curiosity regarding whether or not Harry put his name in the goblet of fire. There's that, I guess.
Which party was losing their mind about LGBTQ folks being covered by the civil rights act? Like. Two days ago. And yesterday. And today. And probably as a new wedge issue ad infinitum as a rallying cry for electing more bigots?
I'm sure there's something that you enjoy and would defend that someone else considers dog shit.
Friend's wedding. The bride wanted to sing him a song, so she did a kind of karaoke thing. There's \*bad\* singing, and then there's whatever the hell this was. It was so awkward. Also, dude asked a professional photographer friend of ours to photograph the wedding about a year before. Got a super non-commital answer. Never followed up. And was SHOCKED that the photographer didn't show up. (After he specifically declined the invitation because he was going to be in another country). Had the entire set of groomsmen rent \*ridiculously\* expensive Tuxedos. Which, fine. Cool. Happy to be here. He's having his Tux custom tailored, asks for something ridiculous and gaudy, but when quoted the price says he can't swing that and insists they do it for about 1/4 the price. They do their best to meet specifications within the given price range, but it's bad. Really bad. So, the groomsmen look amazing, and he looks like a clown that didn't put on his makeup. Has another friend make a custom batch of meade for the toast, but rents a hall that doesn't allow outside alcohol, so it can't be used for the toast during the reception. It was probably the cringiest thing I've ever seen, not just the cringiest wedding or even cringiest \*thing\* at a wedding.
Yep!
Kind of lucky he didn't actually hire a photographer!
Imagine if someone tried to make a real life version of the Beast's outfit from Beauty and the Beast, using 1/4 the budget necessary, and in a hurry, and you're close.
Dark blue. I honestly don't really remember details, I just remember it looked bad.
Couple of friends took 'Hartman' and 'Schwartz' and made Hartz. I like it.
If this thread is a competition, this wins. Hands down. Game over.
I watched it recently. I don't know why it never resonated before, but the little brother threatening to tell mom (about the vampirism) killed me this time around.
Oh, it was for sure about the liability. I remember there being some kind of discussion about the hall requiring him to purchase insurance if he wanted to use the mead, but that was cost prohibitive.
They really are meant for each other.
Still together!
From another reply to someone asking the same question: "Imagine if someone tried to make a real life version of the Beast's outfit from Beauty and the Beast, using 1/4 the budget necessary, and in a hurry, and you're close."
Chris Parnell does the voice of the dad character, Jerry, on Rick and Morty.
If he wrote me a check for over $100,000 if I promised to vote for him....I'd.....lie, take the check, and vote for Joe Biden. Fuck Trump.
There’s an amazing tweet by Kumail Nanjiana where he basically says “He’s so stupid. He’s so stupid that I haven’t even said his name and you know who I’m talking about”.
I’ve never been more excited to vote. Biden 2020.
Remember when it was perfectly normal for legislation to be introduced, debated, and voted upon in BOTH chambers of Congress? Good times. That’s where we’re at. Fond memories of boring governing.
Searched for this before adding it. Mostly glad I'm not the only one to think it.
We also have a bit of an unemployment issue. How about just....paying people a reasonable amount of money for the risk.
WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE??!! MY SON IS A 19 YEAR OLD GAS MASK THAT IMMIGRATED (legally of course) FROM CHINA SEVEN YEARS AGO.
TIL that being up 14 points in some polls is “sinking”.
Yet he’s still planning to vote for him.
Yeah, that’s the best of the three in my opinion. Love those movies.
The Mangler 2. It was so bad that to this day, nearly twenty years later, the two friends I watched it with will tell you that we didn't watch that, but were playing video games instead. We refuse to acknowledge that we have ever even seen it. (Until now, I guess).
I'm very thankful that the company I work for encourages people to find other positions if they're not happy with the one they're doing. (So long as they're generally a good employee that is qualified for the other jobs, obviously). Quit being a programmer nearly a decade ago. Now I do IT work. Send help.
Yep and predictably his response is literally “fake news”.
I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT. GOOD JOB.
Go home, Carl Sagan you're.....dead. Aw.
Yeah, also over rated genocidal douche bags that inexplicably have their own national holiday because a relatively small group of Italian-Americans wanted a national hero. CAN YOU EVEN IMAGINE.
It’s both, likely more heavily the first group, but Trump’s support (even among his rabid cult) is slipping at least somewhat.
Meanwhile Greenwald is yelling “WHAT ABOUT AMERICAN PROXY WARS?” on twitter if there remained any doubt regarding where his allegiance lies.
