And then half the population villanizes it and says “well some of us have to work”
This seriously made my morning thank you
Well a season pass for multiplayer maps would lock that content if you don’t buy it. That makes sense. That’s like saying the milk you buy from the store is behind a paywall until you buy it. That’s how paying for something works.
Favorite specialist from the 3rd
Oh shit I didn’t realize it said blackout. Very interesting. Does that mean his character mission is being added for the dlc?
Ahh that makes him a bit less fun but works for me
That’s fair I do want to make the point that they were completely transparent about that’s the way that the dlc pass was going to work. So if at this point you bought the game and are pissed about the dlc packs, well it wasn’t a secret.
Came here to say this. Gta v took forever to get any kind of decent discount. Don’t wait on this game
This is such a good idea. I got Spyro on physical but I wish I got it digital
Is episode 6 about the ikea? That’s the scalp that got me into the site
&gt;overwatch What??
It’s not like it’s giving a competitive advantage that your game looks nicer. Plus how many competitive multiplayer games were on that list? Also you liked the fact that everyone was on the same hardware so you switched to pc? What?
You need plus for MHW
Weird I thought the effort they put into Spyro def deserves 40 bucks.
Does he really have it or jokes?
I’d be down for even a 64 remaster
I thought someone put it there but that’s funny it spawns this way. Same gun and everything
Isn’t the problem that Kevin refused to apologize?
🤦‍♂️
&gt;I got banned because I lied
That was fucking sick I wouldn’t have the balls to do that with a strife
What’s with the black masks
That’s pretty cool. Are the masks always black?
I really wish it was the case here. When it’s cold everyone’s just constantly passing around germs here at work
This movie came out when I was working at a movie theater and was dealing with a lot of mental issues. I probably saw it 5 or 6 times, by myself. It’s a movie that made me realize that I shouldn’t try to live with my issues secretly.
The Donald
That kid looks a little older than 13 but okay. Seems like I hit a nerve with ya
Almost what I thought minus breath of the wild
That twitter comment is right. A lot of the people turning this sub toxic over the last few days or weeks owe insomniac some apologies
I didn’t realize we had a post falls adult film actress
I had a coworker that went to G prep who had a girl in his class that’s a pornstar now too. Pretty crazy. Her name was nicki or something.
What’s the difference when you’re 13
Knox! Yes I believe she was a grade below my coworker
I really need persona to go on sale soon :(
&gt;libertarian. So basically you get to hate on what decisions are being made while keeping your hands clean. There’s plenty of assholes in this fight.
Lol it’s all one guy playing police in the thread. U/rideroverelephant
Now that’s some cosplay.
And yelling at a chair
I just got the turtle beach stealth 600s and I’ve been really enjoying them
It’s seriously the most comfortable headset I’ve ever owned and I owned the first version of the gold headset which I loved. The padding is amazing and it feels like it fits further back on my head. Plus the superhuman audio mode is killer for Black Ops 4
The 600 is wireless and has the controls in the ear. It’s pretty nice. I Just keep the usb in the back slot on my pro.
Fuck
Holy shit
This is still my favorite of theirs. https://youtu.be/Mo3s5qMDvrk
PROJECTION AND ASSUMPTIONS
Is there a way to play blood dragon on ps4?
This is the PlayStation subreddit wtf is this low effort post
How does it compare to Symphonia
That sucks. I’m from Washington.
&gt;that’s possible. Well Kojima said it.
Is that background the Spokane comedy club?
Any word on private lobbies or an option to join lobbies and not games in progress? That’s the only thing keeping me from spending a bunch of time on the game.
Oh fuck yes.
Exactly. My friend got the game after me so I wanted to start a new story with him but kept getting throw into lobbies halfway into the mission or at the very end. Frustrating! I just wanted a lobby only search.
Yep no thank you. This is r/videos not r/rage
It’s not really a competition.
&gt; If you think America is racist, you have literally never been to any other country You’re implying that America can’t be racist because other countries are way more racist. You’re practically gatekeeping racist areas.
First off all nobody buys a car like that. It’s a lease.
I’m almost like trump represents something that angry non Americans can also cling onto. What could that be.... hm....
Coming from a The Donald user that’s hilarious to me.
I’m sure that’s all the truth too! Nice copypasta
Lol nice job following me into here to prove how “tolerant” you are. Reported.
Nope he’s not
No he’s not
By who? The wiki says Mr Fusion and they state silverhand died in 76 in the last 48 min trailer.
Nice, link me that tweet please because I don’t see it. It doesn’t make sense cause Silverhand is dead
I’m seeing a lot of theories he’s dead and such and a ghost in the chip. 2077 would put him at like 80 years old
Is he screaming into a fan
Atleast tie ins. I think they are hinting at it with the ps4 exclusives
Yep. Japan has longer days but Americans take less time off a year than other Developed countries. We have our own unhealthy work culture.
Yea this is just weird.
seeing who you support, you wouldn’t know shit if it came up and pissed in your face.
Yea no first person rpg has ever had character customization before. Wtf cdpr /s
You have a lot of faith in cdpr nice. I bet there’s ways to see your character. They already showed ways to display armor and weapons. They are focusing on immersion and it’s hard to do that while staring at the back of your characters head.
Yep very
&gt; you can have a game with focus on emergent gameplay Yea give me generic 3rd person cover based shooter please. Nah cdpr thinks this is what’s needed to tell their story so I believe them.
I’m not putting them on a pedestal I just don’t think it’s gamebraking having it first person. There’s no healthy discussion already because we are both pulling assumptions out of our asses. I’m just choosing not to make any final decisions until I have it in my hands. I also don’t think BioWare has ever had close the respect as cdpr. I remember the shit fits during mass effect 2 and 3...
Why does the Scar Jo one look like her normal face already has a filter on it?
Tl;dr You seem convinced a game that we know almost nothing about can’t change or ad anything in a year. You still seem to be struggling with some of the concepts I presented to you but anyways I’m sure the game is going to be awesome. Im not really wanting to pursue this conversation if you admitted yourself it’s going nowhere.
&gt;I’m not convinced the game with be anything. Well good thing that nobody needs to convince you. I’m not sure what else you want me to say if you struggle to even grasp what I’m saying at a basic level. But I’m not going to try to reason with someone who believes rpgs can’t be immersive or first person lol. If you believe that then you’re clearly not the demographic for this game.
&gt;I don’t get triggered by online discussions Quote from man clearly getting heated that I responded.
That first sentence tells me everything. You’re clearly triggered.
The spokesman has a problem with drag queens?
Just read the article. Not really the best thing for them to be saying.
Any idea if that is the same up here in WA?
Air Vehicles in the pen and paper game.
They generally are because only the wealthiest of the wealthy have their own Vehicles in Night City. Flying cars is all the more prestigious. The e3 teaser starts with a couple flying by the shot so they are definitely in the game.
I think it’s relevant because japan is always the knee jerk country to bring up yet it’s American developers we are usually talking about when we refer to “crunch”
In the pen and paper game people would take AV cabs because they were safer and you’re less likely to be robbed or ambushed on your way to a job. I’m so jealous you got to see this presentation. My mind is racing.
To be fair I’d say “crunch” is a hot topic lately because Ea with Anthem. But I’m sorry for derailing the conversation.
&gt;schpoon
Yea what was that about?
Weird propaganda video by a mysterious young account. 🤔
If you watch the VOD they did exchange info.
Lul what? He brings up voting for Trump
I swear to god I’m seeing more people complaining about the “controversy” than actual people complaining about the game. You guys are why they generate those bullshit articles.
Well he’s not alive so...
What’s that
🙄y’all have known it’s not a pc exclusive. It’s weird to circle jerk about it now.
What a knee jerk reaction lol. You pcmr neckbeards are insufferable sometimes.
Hey that’s a idea. I like the way you think.
Check out the title, Sherlock
I believe it happened in December last year.
Just curious why did you go so long without internet in your new place.
No it’s a entire new game.
Yea Gus is the best
I think they are aiming for holidays 2020 for the NA release so it’s over a year. But Even from the trailers there seems to be a tons more content and they said there’s a reward for people with a completed game save file for the base game. Honestly play both.
I could make the same argument for Neglective parents. Should be their job to find stuff for their kid to do. Not the government.
“Fuck them kids”
Nobody said that. We are just talking about in the context of what the government uses space for. The point I was making is that entertainment for your kid shouldn’t be supported anymore by tax payers than a park that could accommodate everyone. I absolutely love the fact that my taxes go to feed/educate kids.
What’s the point of joining a sub like those if you’re just going to be a shit head on posts where actual fans are excited and chatting?
If that’s a legit complaint in your life you have it pretty damn easy.
He’s Samuel Jackson in Django.
Vegas is hardly a small town.
If I remember correctly it was lively during the day. Why the vampire hunted in this area was that most the people worked in Vegas at night leaving the place near empty for him to hunt with less possibly witnesses. Then again I remember the scene with mclovin in the empty house so I’m second guessing my memories.
Well his moms a real estate agent but the trailer shows a for sale sign with SOLD on it.
Their mental gymnastics are always bouncing back and forth between “impressive” and absolutely insane.
You know what... I know what I’m watching tonight.
I just got the game and haven’t started. What are the two expansion?
Do you have to beat the main game to start those?
Another victory against the incels of this site.
Are American Christians one of the dumbest groups to have to interact with or are Christians just this dumb in other countries as well?
I’m surprised pastors would actually give a shit about that. The churches in my area don’t waste any time displaying their political preferences.
I always thought the us just has religious freedom laws that allow cults to thrive easier than in other countries.
You seem aware of the problem it doesn’t sound too late to change.
God I hope this happens to me.
r/pixelart
On weekends you help Sojiro with the cafe in the morning.
Theme!!?!
Idk if you have other options to play it on because I heard the vii port for switch was garbage.
So does that mean the are changing the ending of the original game and not have joker leave at the end of his probation?
These are the same people who raged about the internet picking on an “innocent white kid”
I don’t think I’ve ever seen someone receive a puppy and not cry. Y’all need to go outside sometimes.
&gt;it’s a fresh dog not a return. I’m not really going to attempt to figure out what you’re trying to say there.
Damn. Quick glance into your comments show how unhappy of a person you are. I actually believe that you think what you’re saying here. Well one day if you ever have friends or a significant other you might see them shed tears of joy over a new dog or something else they are excited about. I really hope you get to experience something like that one day.
Lol sure 🤣
What a woman hating incel. Jesus Christ you’re a riot.
Nah. I’m clearly just too old to understand. /s The dudes pretty strange. He’s got some gold in his comments too. u/insectstastegood
Don’t get butt hurt because other people are acknowledging you’re trashiness.
Nobody cares about being edgy like a internet troll, clearly.
“He likes stuff he must be an incel” When you’re legitimately calling people attention whores on videos like this. Just mad at the world?
You’re boring and can’t even stop from repeating yourself haha. You ran out of ammo quickly.
Fam everyone is entitled to enjoy what they want to enjoy. I’m sorry I hit such a sensitive spot with you hahahahahahah 🤣
N....no? Also who calls someone kiddo unironically? Man for a troll you’re not even good at this. Let me guess that your next step is to pm me homophobia? But it’s pretty damn pathetic how triggered you are right now. Which makes me happy.
&gt;wauw &gt;kiddo Jesus Christ.
Hahaha what a child It’s like your brain snapped and now you’re just throwing up stuff to hear your own voice.
A. You’re the only one concerned about being edgy, clearly. Because you’re the only one bringing it up. B. Your insult? I’ve been barely reading your comments. C. The fact that you think this is an insult competition already proves my point
Yea but violent cities with 150+ murders a year have a muuuuuch higher population than Spokane. The shocking fact is that we are small but still hit the top lists with crime. That’s not good.
“Look at our new toys! Still don’t have money for education reform though”
Well damn man good point. I didn’t realize the numbers were that swayed.
Fact denied is is a very fitting username for a trumpet
I would have loved to hear this shitheads weak attempt to lick his wounds.
You probably have to wear a helmet while you eat don’t you.
So much for the tolerant left Edit: Wtf people did I really need to put the /s? God damn
I was being sarcastic my fault for not clarifying that.
I mean it was only a year ago. And his defense was that he grew up saying it. Well so did myself and kids at my school and we got ourselves to stop. Didn’t need to wait until our 20s
He didn’t realized how bad it was up until 2018 lol. You would have had to stick your head pretty deep in the sand.
Still would manage to go a couple years without getting banned.
Is that when he sits down in the car and says “this is the best day of my life”? Because that scene has stuck with me for the last 10 years.
I’m blown away that these people walk among us
I’ve lived with one. It’s mind blowing all the ways they manage to bring that up in an conversation with no context. Imagine believing one of your defining personality traits is a dietary choice.
Ya imagine walking into the office and seeing this on the white board.
Oh no I’m almost 30 :(
Cute pugs :)
Is there confirmed more coming?
Why don’t they fucking get it. Isn’t it the point for us to make things easier for the next generations? You want the generations after you to “suffer” like yours did? What?!
What a funny joke /s
&gt;half Lmao
And the deep irony is that the generations before them probably thought the boomers had life simple too.
So they gave us an all new set of circumstances to grapple with
Is the show more than “let’s watch rich people be bad”
My girlfriends cousin works with the dogs owner and has met the dog several times I guess he’s a big sweetheart and likes to visit everyone in the office.
No they just don’t do any research into tweets. Oh wait no you’re right.
Only white people like arcades and beer? Huh 🤔
You’re right he was totally talking about specifically you. Asians are the ones that are the big problem these days. /s Little touchy?
Going to watch this when I get to work thank you
“These we’re British people in the video. So I’m clearly off the hook for any kind of kind of introspection.”
I’m not sure anyone in these comments understands what you’re talking about.
&gt;sexual assault and rape And what exactly do you think these refugees are fleeing?
&gt;shithole Nobody asked you take your dog whistles somewhere else lmao.
I’m more focused on the part of your garbage comment that the kids are fleeing a “shithole” that they themselves have created.
I remember when I was a kid I thought it was the sound of the pressure being released in the can. Then I watched seinfeld and realized all the noises that man can make.
I know right?
You’re just spreading misinformation.
&gt;who cares about internet points. Someone who reposts very popular posts
They are turning this site into Facebook. How long until people start talking about the embarrassing posts their parents are making on Reddit
Nobody say anything about OP. He will PM you and get real mad. :( @KJWntrz
https://imgur.com/a/LXg27TK He doesn’t care about Karma tho
Hope you’re okay OP.
Two things. 1. Nice editing 2. Now I’m going to listen to Crystal Castles all week.
Because he said a dipshit thing.
I’m so shocked OP is a bootlicking climate change denier.
And we exercised our opinions that it was a dipshit thing to say.
&gt;30 min with stoplights So an hour commute for Walmart. No thanks
Yes and all we did was downvote him. Don’t get all upset.
Well tbf he wasn’t adding to the conversation at all
Okay dad... ya I’ll keep downvoting stuff I disagree with.
It says bio shock inspiration but this is literally rapture.
Lmao you’re right black peoples can’t be red necks/ hicks? Buddy... they are downvotes. “Why oh why would those mean liberals downvote that poor man” lmao
Yes that’s what’s happening here. New to the site?
Nice word
Conservatives called Obama evil because he wore tan suits and was born in Hawaii and looks like a Muslim. Liberals call Trump evil because he’s a racist, sexist man and him and his goons are robbing this country while half of it blames the other. He’s insulting our world allies and constantly attacks gold star families. You really want to start comparing this shit? He has an opinion but it is NOT reasonable.
I think your other posts in this sub nailed it. I just thought this picture/example was a little lazy. 🤷‍♂️
And that’s your opinion. Isn’t it great how this all works?
Hey that’s a fair point!
Lol there a little more going on in that picture than just an overcrowded bridge.
You realize all we did was downvote him? Nobody lost their shit until others came in to “defend” him. I don’t give a shit about where your politics lie because I think you’re lying about it. You all spend way too much time worrying about downvotes.
Idk I always thought burning cars and graffiti were urban hell. Not an example of our highway system working how it should. This isn’t even a traffic jam lol
I guess it’s all perspective. Someone who has lived in a small town their whole life probably has a different reaction to this than someone who lives in an urban area. You’re right.
Stevens wasn’t too bad
Oh shit something must have happened I took it home about an hour and a half ago.
Is there more updates coming? I’m new to it and not sure what the roadmap looks like.
I seriously doubt that interaction happened.
Did you guys never read the comic lol
He was a right wing nut job in the comics where are you people getting your information from.
Lmao!!
I just know they put a lot of focus into customer service so if that did happen I’m sure that employee has been fired. The only thing I could think of is if you were asking about stuff they aren’t allowed to talk about and he told you to google it instead.
Implying you don’t play online stoned too?
You’re with me? I’m saying he was a bad person in the comics too. You clearly didn’t pay much attention. https://www.reddit.com/r/Watchmen/comments/doey0w/we_need_to_acknowledge_that_rorschach_is_racist/
Hey that’s why I own the shitty RV!
He subscribed to an only believed an overtly racist publication.
Lmao check out this bootlicker
&gt;far left. Lmao
I’m so shocked your post history is full of weird porn. /s
So was Blonded and LS Underground. All stations also have gotten more songs too. That person is an idiot.
Lol and what does it mean that you’re into women built like John cena
Shit that’s right
The only reason that ladder hasn’t moved is religious stupidity. That’s a long ass time tho.
Thank you! Now I can kill some real time out of my shift
I don’t think this is the correct use of this meme
The watchmen show was amazing
God I completely pushed that under the dome show out of my head.
Oh my god I’ve been waiting years for this
Lmao you set yourself up for this.
You guys do realize Apple is almost 100% converted to usb c right?
The video starts with him literally hugging the both of them
They generally don’t. These are the same people That bitch about sjw when shows make nazis the bad guys.
It said that for me too and I can think of some 18hour sessions but I don’t think I could have pulled off a 24 hour one.
The argument is that flavors like bubble gum or cotton candy only serve to be appealing to younger people. I’ve known tons of people that started for the flavor and it turned into a real addiction. I’m not saying that 21+ is the answer but I hate when people pretend that flavored vape juice serves any purpose aside for making it easier to suck down their additives
This quickly turned from a conspiracy post to a fat guy complaining about his soda lmao
This post his just OP humble bragging about his new raise.
&gt;unfortunately It sounds like it would be unfortunate to be in the UK cause they would have put this guys dog down....
But in your situation any dog with cropped ears is put down?
&gt;vague She grabs her arm and falls to the floor and the next scene shows the two men in a hospital as a doctor talks to them and the husband breaks down. Don’t you like when shows don’t feel the need to hold their audiences hand?
Why do I even have a Netflix account anymore
Idk we also bash Catholics, Mormons, JV and Scientologists. It probably seems that way because most of interact with Christians mostly.
You’re insane. Episode 5 and 6 were some of the best episodes in television that I had seen in awhile.
Seriously. Just get to episode 5. Honestly I though all the episodes were great but 5 is where they really went all out.
Imagine playing a game called grand theft auto and being made uncomfortable that you play a bad guy.
San Andreas you’re a gang banger and gta 3 you’re a violent mafia member Your complaint is that the characters are too realistic? Lmao again the whole point of the series is that your playing criminals
Imagine thinking shallow character in a story is a good thing. Usually calling a video game character realistic is a good thing. It’s a complement to multiple teams. And also gta 4 was a dark story about an immigrant coming to America to commit crimes. If anything I thought that would make people like you clutch your pearls more than a heist revenge story
&gt;community. As long as you look like them
I helped my level 20 something friend through his first casino heist yesterday... He ignored my tips and bought the Arena War Workshop
I haven’t watched this show in ages but that’s not what I remember him sounding like lmao
If you haven’t been to this you haven’t 100% it
I don’t know why you’re bashing a safe place for people to consume. I live in Washington and a big struggle is that tourists have nowhere they can consume legally.
Okay and what about for people who don’t live in middle earth
I had a couple people die from my classes after we graduated and I’ve seen firsthand how families handle this stuff. It’s awful and I hope them all the best.
Translates to al-Qaida how nice.
Some boomer preaching dominance training
I’m on the left and my only problem is that he’s let Alex Jones on twice and given him a platform. That man doesn’t deserve any relevance.
Is that the same model as the ones from the RDR2 bundle? Because mines from then and pretty damn quiet too. Just gets hot on the top.
Exactly. Letting him voice is opinions isn’t “letting both sides talk” I don’t think Joe is anymore a gateway for the right than old school South Park was
I don’t like the way he attacked the parents who just had their children gunned down and the pain he caused them. Why the fuck do you think my problem would be with gay frogs or anything jfc
This is a prime example of becoming what you fear so much lmao
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2019/12/31/us/Alex-Jones-sandy-hook.amp.html Attacking parents of kids who were just gunned down. How “dumb”
Lmao freedom of speech? What government entity is infringing that?
You’re an idiot then. Lots of people have been talking about Epstein. He’s been attacking families of gunned down children.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2019/12/31/us/Alex-Jones-sandy-hook.amp.html
Again, no
I can understand that edgy kids like you think he’s funny but he’s also a monster for what he did to these families
Nah I still feel sorry for those families
I’m gunning for the light on mission and Hamilton. That should not be a yield for a left turn that intersection is a nightmare 70% of the day.
Ya well that teacher cries because temptation from the student as she’s out in the cold and he’s not. And accusations from his coworkers aren’t enough to turn him off of the student as well. Sounds a little more than being uncomfortable
Ya cause his IM 3 villain was so similar to his work in Ghandi
“I just use it for travel” I will never ever believe that someone bought the most pay to win item in the game just for travel for a second Edit: lots of mk2 barcodes in the comments you guys crack me up.
If you jump on one and fly near people you deserve to be gunned down. We are sick of waiting for the MK2 to make the first move and destroy our product again.
People buy the pay to win vehicle in the game known for griefing and making the game less fun. People kill them and they make the shocked pikachu face
“I only use it for travel” “Oh come on but you had a bounty!” Or “destroying product is part of the game!”
Killing someone for flying near me on their weaponized pay to win broomstick is not griefing. Waiting for someone to make the first move on a vehicle where they have every advantage over me is just silly.
Thanks for bringing such a hidden indie gem to this subs attention.
A vehicle that has lock on rockets, can stop and turn on a dime, can drop you off in unreachable locations to attack people who play normally, the fastest method to traveling around the map. Nah totally not a bullshit pay to win item. The vehicle has a reputation. A real bad one. If you’re on it and flying near people then don’t make the shocked pikachu face that people are gunning you down. They can’t read your mind and aren’t going to wait for you to blast them first.
In one comment you said you bought it for travel but also admitted that you’re using it against players. The classic mk2 owner.
Who said oppressors are the only problem. Why are you here all angry and insulting lmao When both parties are on foot things are equal. If one player is on foot and one player can fly up to the roof of a building to snipe the other player. That’s shitty.
Okay. Are you going to make the argument that people don’t use the mk 2 to greif?
Okay but you understand why most people will attack one if it flew near them? Why would you expect us to wait each time a mk2 showed up to see if they will attack first.
If you’re on a mk2 and not wanting to kill people then there’s plenty of map and sky to fly around in. It should be easy to avoid players on the ground. You have it backwards. People attack mk2s because bad experiences with them. Saying “just join another lobby” is an option but that’s a bullshit option coming from someone who owns one. You realize that most lobbies have someone on one right.
The problem is that they added a weaponized broomstick and the barcodes love using them. If we kill mk2 that come near us that doesn’t make us part of the problem that’s some weird ass victim blaming lmao
If the mk2 user has missions sending him to downtown where there’s 30 people then that’s dangerous for everyone. He should follow your advice and find a new lobby. And you’re right. Mk2 users ARE the stereotypical griefers. That’s why we kill them.
That does sound easy and the amount of ease outweighs being killed by randoms if you fly right over them.
Waaaahhh it’s so boring being able to lock on to anyone and deleting them.
I know but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t discourage these lazy shit posts.
This literally got removed for breaking rule 7 lmao get over yourself
Sounds like this owner was shitty in general. 3 years old and only a few commands, not potty trained, and not socialized. There should be a license for dog ownership.
Why can’t you get the dlc
I mean they said with the movie release in 2021. More likely than not that’s summer 2021. So give or take we have about 18months until the next game. Idk that’s plenty of time to drop 40 bucks on a game to get all I can out of it. I’m really enjoying RTJP
The point is to feel bad for them. You’re not supposed to be cheering as they die.
So an old woman has way too many cats, they are starving and diseased and everyone’s like “but I don’t want to be rude to the home owner.” But if this person was middle aged people would be asking for blood. I don’t get why old people get a free pass to be shitty to animals. There’s no justifiable situation where even 1/4 of the amount of cats would be okay in that home.
It does lmao. I believe a couple days or a week jump happens after the initial attack that transitions to everyone hiding in attics and realizing the vampires are using humans as bait.
You realize cloverfield is widely loved and has a huge cult following right?
It would be nice. Any abusive history? No animals. Any history of animal abuse? No animals. It would cut down of the amount of people getting animals and then realizing they can’t handle it and then giving the dog to the shelter.
But if they weren’t mentally all there and were endangering children the story would be different.but I guess 40-60 cats are okay. Why are we okay with people caring for living creatures if they are unfit to even care for themselves. It would be nice to know this woman was punished in some way but she probably will just get more cats.
Ya sounds like everything’s okay. This woman doesn’t deserve any negativity directed towards her. Even if it excuses some behavior how am I supposed to feel okay with this. &gt;“It’s pretty upsetting, both for the person’s mental health and for the sake of the animals,” said Schmidlkofer. “Not trying to be negative towards the property owner. She was a pretty nice lady. This was a pretty difficult house.” Schmidlkofer said they’ve had hoarding situations before, but not to this extent. “It’s clear that this one, just because of the health of the animals, is going to be really, really intense,” she said.
Rotten Tomatoes has it as fresh and Metacritic has it as a solid upper 60%. I remember some talk of people throwing up but that discussion always happens every found footage movie. But it’s not like it’s a hidden gem that most people hated when it first came out.
Implying this is the kind of person to seek out that help if it was available. I think that might be giving her too much credit but I guess I see your point.
You’re not talking to the right people then.
I mean this person didn’t have anyone to call them out for the dead cats in their house or the feces everywhere and such. It’s a bit of a stretch to think this woman would get herself checked out and let people know about the horror show at home.
You’re right we don’t know. I’m not sure there’s any argument happening. You’re just wrong if you think this woman isn’t capable of identifying if she’s killing animals and living in filth but she could have the thinking to go seek help. Lmao you too.
Saying this didn’t happen over night is exactly my point. She was aware she was doing this to herself and the cats for awhile. That’s why it’s weird to dismiss it with “oh she’s mentally sick too everything’s okay” she was aware this was happening and that’s why I think there should be some kind of punishment for shit like this
That’s true. I guess that’s why I’d love a license for pet ownership.
Regulated ownership would at least stop previous animal abusers and shit from getting more pets.
Ah the old “regulation doesn’t do anything” argument. How exhausting
I mean you could make the argument that things like OSHA and the recreational cannabis market and epa prove that regulation can work.
https://blog.us.playstation.com/2020/01/07/playstation-store-decembers-top-downloads-2/ What are you talking about over watch isn’t even in the top 20 game’s of the month.
I love this comment so much I’m going to think about it with my pug now
The q tips with thc residue won’t help either.
I’d love that. I really like how the ps4 integrates Spotify but I don’t want to have to pay to listen to the music I want when I already pay for Apple Music
My girlfriends mom went here. It’s absolutely real and students try to change it every year.
Seriously. If I needed to I’d do it again
Ummm you’re wrong
Lmao what are you even talking about? Not enough attention being paid to you?
&gt;antifa terrorists Someone reads too many of our presidents tweets.
So it’s his officers that trampled the protestors with horses?
Looks like that nazi forgot he wasn’t on 4chan
Lol holy shit you have no idea how the real world works do you.
Anti fa aren’t socialist stop drinking the presidents kool aide.
Oof look at this bootlicker. I love how quickly your kkk president was to call anti fa fascists but hasn’t condemned the police who killed Floyd. You people identify yourselves so quickly.
There’s always the “what about” guys in the comments scrambling to defend the cops lmao. Your breath smells like rubber.
Lmao what? Their handbook?
Hmmm one of these men hid in their bunker lashing out at people on Twitter and one showed up to protests to shake hands and speak with the community. What a hard choice. 🤔
Police brutality is a plague and not subject to party. It’s all of us vs them you’re the one choosing to remain complacent.
OP do you know if they are the same as these men that kept popping up on various Snapchat stories last night? There was about 10 of them. https://m.imgur.com/gallery/kpzyUWB
Okay buddy. Keep doing nothing then.
Maybe try not being a dick?
I mean I would never send someone homophobic comments so.... That’s where you started
This is my favorite comment so far.
&gt;don’t yourself abide by. I mean... I don’t send people homophobic comments...
To pop in on your occasional normal interactions to remind yourself and possibly those who are interested what kind of person you are. Have a good one.
&gt;bring down others. Like how you just commented on some of my upvoted comments? Lmao you literally just called yourself a hypocrite.
But you pointed out a comment of me calling someone scum for calling for violence and death to protestors and their comment got deleted by mods. What a great example.
Y... yes? It’s absolutely appropriate to call someone who wants to see innocent people harmed scum.
Take the screenshot and send it to yourself in messages. Then open the messages in the PlayStation messages app and you have access to your screenshots.
It’s like when ang wakes up after a couple months and has hair it’s just jarring
That sub used to be a legitimate sub for discussion before the Donald was banned
Some people exist in such a perfect little bubble.
They got banned for calling for the death to cops lmao. And I guess it’s not banned just quarantined.
A few weeks ago we were also in phase 1 and deaths were at a steeper increase. I’m not saying the threat is over but the two situations aren’t really comparable.
&gt; some causes are bigger than me. Those kinds of statements go wayyy over someone like Ops head.
Hayseeds that don’t understand living in big cities coming in armed to the teeth acting like they are keeping order for “us city folk” Jesus fuck
Showing up to this protest makes a difference. Not changing your profile picture and not sharing memes. This.
Yea obviously he’s not really going to come out of retirement. It’s a joke.
&gt;he’s proof peaceful protests are effective. How exactly? He was murdered. He was voted one of the most hated men in America at the time and racism is now rampant as ever.
They can’t fathom a world where anyone could be a victim but them.
They were actually in restricted waters they ship was just really cool about it.
Just curious why you’re not coordinating with the stuff on Sunday.
Why before?
Why wouldn’t Donnie involve himself in this.
But if you finish the palace in a day doesn’t that leave more time for school life?
My dog you have to actually read the article or watch the video he’s using a poor analogy for “the previous administration leaving no medical infrastructure.
I think that combo was also used for the Mario party bundle.
I’m a GameCube collector and you’re crazy if you think you can score Animal Crossing and a GameCube for less than 100$ Go check out how much Gamecube stuff is on eBay for a good idea. And your local game stores usually have more markup than that and are aware of the recent boom in popularity of Animal Crossing.
Because a protest is about disrupting and grabbing attention for the cause. That’s not a confusing concept right?
The comments for this post could serve as their own post fit for this sub.
If someone doesn’t support the black lives matter movement because they tried to drive through a protest area and had to wait then there’s a lot more going on with that person than being “inconvenienced” and more likely than not they are looking for an excuse.
(X) DOUBT
No better way to argue that the police are valid and doing their job like coming in armed to the teeth to do the job for the police. 🤦‍♂️
&gt;ordered not to use the tools they need to do their job. Which tools are those?
There’s nothing wrong with using guns for intimidation?
It started as a troll but then white supremacists started using it unironically which makes “SJWs” correct in worrying.
Holy shit that’s racist
This is really what this sub does? Make fun of interracial couples?
Talking about the shit your friends used to call interracial couples in secret is racist though.
No better defense to your racism than “I listened to rap”
Nah I had problems with “mud sharks”
Fuck this propaganda. How long after this video this the police department go back to attacking protestors in Austin
Check out the other responses to my comment. You have people calling Interracial relationships white genocide and you have people using other slurs towards that dynamic. Sure it’s not the whole sub but god damn.
No play it fresh that’s a weird question. You have already waited this long why not experience it the first time for yourself?
Ayy Spokane
Swing and a miss
I didn’t mind the “cult in the mountains” theme of 5 but 3 is still my favorite Farcry so stalking some terrorists through a jungle island setting sounds fun to me.
Thanks for some good news OP
I really liked the doomsday cult taking over a sleepy mountain town story and the graphics and level design were insane. There was a couple really shitty boss fights and this system where you would randomly be kidnapped during certain moments through the story and there was nothing you could do to stop it that prevented me from liking it more than 3. You would be exploring some part of the map and now you’re being forced through a story mission or some shit.
Yea absolutely especially if you like that style of open world game. I personally really liked the villain in this game.
He probably got it as a gift
I say fuck her because she came down to those protests with intentions other than protesting. Her and people like her hurt the message and just give ammunition to the right. The rights of people being slaughtered in the streets is more important than property and she made her decision.
I say fuck her because she came down to those protests with intentions other than protesting. Her and people like her hurt the message and just give ammunition to the right. The rights of people being slaughtered in the streets is more important than property and she made her decision.
My assumption is that someone stupid enough to brag about stealing during a protest and not understanding why that’s wrong is someone who doesn’t want to protest in good faith. How’s that unrealistic compared to “18 year olds don’t understand she’s still a kid!!!”
Leave the northwest if you want to leave this racism.
In just about every way that’s an adult in the eyes of the law and you know that. Most people in this sub reddit, if they stole something at 18, they wouldn’t brag about it on social media.
I’m 27 and I think 18 is a kid. But I don’t think they are devoid of responsibility or personal morals. Because I’m young enough to remember what it was like to be 18.
I also agree fuck Nike but also fuck anyone who takes advantage of this situation to fill their pockets. 🤷‍♂️
Idk what’s funnier. You coming to this post hoping for support for the little thief.... Or that you think Nike jackets are only $100.
I have no sympathy for anyone who serves to distract from the movement.
Holy shit this propaganda. Yea not all cops are bad the issue is that the “good” cops aren’t doing anything to stand up to the bad ones. They are silent.
Welll have you gone out and done anything yet?
Tell me how long it’s been since the KKK supported a Democratic Candidate. I’ll wait.
People are real stupid if they think GtA 6 would be announced during a exclusive event.
Xbox: uhhhh we have halo don’t you guys still like halo?
Justin Trudeau didn’t get any backlash? Hmm
There were blue PlayStation? I’ve only ever seen that traditional grey.
Holy shit I wrote out anime thinking manga in my head. It’s too early sorry.
I’m so happy I don’t have to buy a vida. All I have to do now is install bootcamp
I enjoyed JWE so much more than I was expecting. I grabbed the base game off of a fall sale and then had to grab all the dlc during the winter sales. Binged all of it and finished the whole campaign then came back a few months later for cleanup for the plat.
So you think of Insomniac wanted to they could release Spiderman on the switch and Xbox? You think SM Studios could release God of War on other systems if they wanted to? You think it’s that simple? Sony doesn’t look at the PC market as infringing on their market so they allowed some contracts for a pc port. There’s no way this would be ported to a system that Sony views as competition. There’s so many contracts and board room meetings involved and the decision has nothing to do with the devs.
How is the PSVR? Does it have the function to do this for any game?
Should I get dlc for a game I liked you guys?
I love that story tho 😭
Not if you’re there saying Jesus hates black people.
He’s not protected saying “Jesus hates Black people”
White conservatives are the biggest snowflakes on the internet.
&gt;sell better than any persona game. I’m sorry but I kinda doubt that. Where is that info coming from?
No your speech isn’t protected if it’s violent or calling for stripping the rights from another group I’m sorry
Saying their god wants a race of people dead is pretty violent speak.
Huawei? Yikes.
I thought the light puzzle was leagues more challenging than the airlocks.
You can press x to skip through them lmao
The responses in this thread are why I love this community so much.
Yea if miles was starting his training during the DLC and he seems like he’s a pretty confident web slinger in the quick trailer maybe that’s the right amount of time.
Lol that damn circle drift was my last trophy too
I need to reread the plot again because I don’t remember this at all.
He’s the final fight but you’re not fighting him to stop him or anything. It’s just a final challenge to prove your worth.
Lion head went to shit and Rockstar still makes good games wtf is this lmao
Came here to say this. Why is there any reason to believe this kid won’t end up as shitty as the rest of the kids?
They should be swapped. All the cards are in Sony’s hand right now.
Hicks that don’t think rules apply to them in a city with no medical Infrastructure is a good start.
If you are able to you should stop your playthrough and switch to royal especially if you’re loving it.
Came here to say persona 5 as well. That game pulled me out of such a depression the first time I played it.
I’m just going to buy the physical seasons the special features seem interesting enough.
The majority of people hating that game got their opinion from a YouTuber and either don’t own a ps4 or were never going to play the game regardless.
You’re an idiot lmao
“Wah characters don’t act how I would make them act”
Me :( Week 6 of trying unemployment and shits running real thin.
Thank you sir!
Tyty
Yep
Y’all are complaining about how big it is but I’m just excited because that means more room more fans
The guy raging with the whiteclaw at 3:10 lmao
Holy shit you’re a child 😂
Don’t worry the only people complaining don’t actually own a ps4
That isn’t what’s causing the review bomb and you know it.
You missed the part where he said voting with your wallet means don’t buy it if you don’t want to play it lmao. The entitlement from your comment is awful. “Devs have to make a game geared for meeeee!”
100% they did not play the game
Yes that’s how professional reviews work.
Why is this sub shitting over another game?
That trump can’t be racist because he cheated on his wife with an immigrant model then married her.
There has to be cameras in that garage right?
Our president is a racist himself and his base are foaming at the mouth. Racism isn’t mainstream?
Yea keep this in mind next time you are being racist and toxic with your buddies online. One of them might ruin your whole life :)
If a “beloved” game isn’t good without 3rd party mods then the game isn’t good.
Really? Any source on that?
If you think that when you walk into a store without a mask and the employees are on your side you have a lot to learn about the workforce that serves you.
I appreciate that most of these comments are essentially “he speaks his mind and doesn’t hide his racism while he does a bad job as president.”
And those games aren’t good before the mods then
Shows how little backbone she has that she wouldn’t just sit there and take that deserved thrashing. Then to lie and say it was a popup. Lmao
(X) Doubt
He told her to leave and resign.
Not everyone lives in a neckbeard nest like you.
Bruh don’t you know how to dust
&gt;destiny 2 ripoff Lmao I don’t even....
“It sucks because people have plenty of bad things to say about orange man but when say good stuff about him they just throw sources at me”
&gt;create a park has been expanded. Oh fuck me
Last time my dog went missing I cried and calling a moron
I platinumed Asylum and jumped into city but the riddler process and forced new game+ seems so daunting.
I just want to leave this country.
The only celebrity death to bring me to tears it felt like the last party of my childhood (I was 20 at the time) died.
Thanks man. I really enjoyed my time! If I didn’t have such a backlog I’d spend more time doing side quests and get the rest of the artifacts.
Now all I wanna know is if I can transfer my save between my switch and ps4 and is absolutely buy this twice.
Yes God of War and Death Stranding and Last of Us are such safe routes lmao
Tldw; New cosmetics New endgame dungeons Cross play Mobile lite version. Re-recorded lines and music. I’m so absolutely hyped for this. I spent so many hours as a kid playing this on my GameCube and I’m really happy that there is cross play. I knew most my friends were getting this on switch but I really wanted it for my ps4 Is there any hope for being able to transfer saves between systems?
People like to take shots at Spider-Man but I have never played a more well done open world game with the funnest mode of travel.
Oh no I totally know what you mean. I was just talking about the “type” haha
Last September my father had a real bad heart attack and there was a couple days of the doctors doing stuff and basically having the attitude of “hopefully he wakes up after this procedure”. Once my Dad recovered he said that he was hoping he would be able to see his dogs one more time so they don’t think he abandoned them and just disappeared. That made me cry a lot that night when I heard that.
And I got that one. Okay I’ll check it out.
My mom sister and I were with him in the hospital room so he had his dogs to miss.
Haha yea but my dads 3 year old isn’t one of those.
You’re posting a lot for not actually defending yourself or actually saying anything.
Funny how that sub is turning around and being like “why are you guys so toxic”
On the subreddit people say it’s got account bound progression so you can transfer between devices.
People couldn’t foresee electing the racist celebrity would be a bad idea?
Really?
My dude you probably picked it up in Kennewick.
Time matches up and the tri has been an absolute shit show with COVID. Plus you have a retirement home age community who doesn’t believe in this shit.
Check out a bunch of city subreddits shits going on right now
I can’t wait for that fucking remake bro
That’s absolutely right
&gt;you people are children. Oof. Says the dude who came to a subreddit looking to be a dick.
You retarded or something?
“I know you are but what am I” Yea usually people with that defense are all “there” in the head.
That’s dope that dogs were living that long back then. I’m getting a kick out of imagining a Roman dog breeder.
There were reopen rallies tho
But you were wrong?
Lol and they play league and warframe. Oof.
Just watched Athlete A last night this was totally called for.
Did that really make sense in your mind before you said it
Just platinumed this last week it was such a fun experience.
&gt;stop talking about politics and pick some damn berries Is a super condescending way to go about that.
You know, I read your dramatic little response a few times and had some good laughs about it.
What enforcement was there during the first time around
This wasn’t an attempt to uplift this was a chance to look down on people
What a dumbass perspective to double down on lmao. Be sure to enjoy that joint that politics brought you while you pretend you are above it and us all.
