Charlie Kelly?
Battlestar Gut-lactica
"Hot Pie is the key to this whole thing"
Skip "A Separate Peace".
There's gotta be a better way to phrase that.
&gt; It gave the impression that you were supposed to listen to it, As god intended!
His ego can't even prevent him from mentioning 'I was good at it'.
Aren't you supposed to get green and red? And don't they make it right at the table?
DERIVATIVE!
So you're saying we need a War on Bombs, then?
And make sure you wear a helmet!
&gt; couple bonds
At least 1.
Petr Cech is a soccer goalkeeper who wears a helmet.
Disallowed! Player in crease.
Relevant fucking username!
As if the effects we're seeing right now aren't horrific enough...
He's striking with the heel of his palm. That's not a slap.
Steroids *can* be used safely if the user knows what they're doing and has access to the multitude of substances needed for a proper cycle.
[So that's a crack-ho!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtISwpcperA)
Tell that to the pig!
Yup.
You should read "If on a winter's night a traveler"
He has a white helmet and his teammates all have red ones.
Bit him twice.
&gt; poetry competitions Sounds like agony.
But I don't see too good so I missed. They ran away, I ran after em BANG! tried to shoot them in the back. But I don't run so good either...
I was just going for the Agon/agony low hanging pun. Is that the etymology of the word agony?
I feel good today, Silent Bob, we're gonna make some money, then you know what we're going to do? We're gonna go to that party, and we're gonna get some pussy, and I'm gonna fuck this bitch, and fuck this bitch, I'll fuck ANYTHING THAT MOVES! What the fuck you lookin at, I'll kick your fuckin ass! Shit yeah. Doesn't that fucker owe me 10 bucks? You know, fuckin tonight, we're gonna rip off that fucker's head, and take out his fuckin' SOUL. Hey, what's up baby, what's up, sluts?
You would not believe what people sell those for on the darknet markets. 1 30mg goes for like $40 bucks, it's insane.
BRING BACK EMERALD DREAM!
What they did in the CKY vid was for sure dangerous,but if you're chucking 20 lb. rocks off an overpass, you'd HAVE to know the potential for death or serious injury is inevitable. This isn't like dropping a handful of pebbles.
Nicky
&gt; she made a tit of herself, I'd say she made more of an ass of herself...
Yeah, but not during a pitch. Maybe some concept art, character designs, but full scenes storyboarded.
It's a motherfuckin kiln!
&gt; "I made the mold myself"
Until you get caught fucking the thing...
One time, long ago, I wasn't able to locate my bowl. My dad had confiscated a number of them in the past. I just straight up asked him if he took my bowl. "Wtf is a bowl??" 'My WEED PIPE, Dad, did you take my weed pipe?' He didn't.
Katt Williams is a sack of shit himself. There's a video out there of him antagonizing a high school student, then subsequently getting his ass beat by said student.
&gt; There is nothing of exploiting and destroying and polluting and making extinct. Umm. Dude. Huge fucking flood? Sodom and Gomorrah? etc.
You know how *this* shit works?
&gt; seeing some boobs Some boobs, indeed! Thankee Sai. Long days and pleasant nights!
You could still legally bring home war booty.
Chick on the left looks like she wants nothing to do with any of that nonsense. Her demeanor screams "get me the fuck out of here!"
The issue isn't directions to the cemetery. It's the idea of keeping all the cars together on a busy highway.
Bet he made a pretty penny too, if he owned the company. They have multiple cars and bikes...they must have been doing well.
That's just amphetamine psychosis. I doubt one in such a state would be able to logically assess their situation.
It will become less convoluted in the next few eps. The story structure really is not conducive to a wide audience appeal, especially considering the fantasy/medieval setting.
You'd be better off with a hose and your head in the toilet.
Bill Cosby..
Crysis 1 is probably more taxing.
I'm really surprised soccer doesn't have any real all out brawls. Shit, even baseball manages a few each season.
Lookin like John Wick lol
The Mighty Mighty Bosstones - [The Impression That I Get](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIGMUAMevH0)
It's that wobbly, oscillating bass that makes the song IMO.
&gt; Woke up this mornin’, got yourself a gun In the album version, this line is only said in the first verse, and at the end of the song.
If he shot you over $30, it would be wise to make any retaliation final, or in no way traceable to you.
Fuck that who cares about bruises? Leave that shit to the cops. Trying to wield a phone book against an opponent who is not cuffed or tied up will NOT work out well for you.
Bit of a disproportional response, I'd say...
&gt; wreckless driving Because why would they?
The cops or C.O.s will if he's done something they deem sufficiently heinous. E: Downvote if you like, I've seen it. Dude allegedly diddled a toddler. They fucked him up, one cop with a metal trash can, the other with the lid.
&gt; dick in her but Sounds like sodomy!
&gt; “Too bad you we’re not here” But use correct grammar and spelling. Anything is else is just fucking ten-ply.
What is it, the Alabama of Europe?
Way too convoluted, too much potential for failure or innocent casualties. If you have the address and the gun, just jump him and kneecap him. Wearing a mask obv.
[That's not very typical, I'd like to make that point!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3m5qxZm_JqM)
Some form of shorthand maybe?
wawawawawawawaawawawawawawawwawawawawawawawa
&gt; FWIW, civilian airlines don’t really have friend or foe system Then that's a problem. Especially if their SAMs use that as a determining factor
Most impressive part is he's looking up the whole time.
I thought he had a revolver in his left hand at first
&gt; His gas is phenomenal for giving you the advantage. Words, until now, only uttered at the dentist.
More MORE **MORE!** Always found that funny, since he's clearly depicted as an amphetamine addict. Like not subtle at all.
I was being flippant. Did not intend comment to be taken literally. Interesting reply nonetheless.
Nooo. That shit is toxic as fuck. Nitrous Oxide is not harmful unless abused HEAVILY. Even then it's not very taxing on the body. Depletes B-12 I think.
The 'Arrested Development' of movies.
He should team up with Mitch Hurwitz
Read the short story it was based on if you have yet to. Ted Chiang - "Story of Your Life"
The OP feels like a paid ad masquerading as a regular post.
Is Seal Team 6 somehow separate from the rest of the NAVY SEALs? Is that why you list them in a different tier?
The dub isn't that bad. It's definitely watchable.
BY order of the peaky fookin blinders!
90c must be VERY close to the thermal shutdown limit...
I can never fight in my dreams. Any punch I try to throw is in verrrry slow motion.
Wontcha saw just a little bit harder?
The blade guard on a skill saw can get in the way easily if you're trying to make any kind of complicated cut.
It's like we have Ricky from Trailer Park Boys as our leader. Jesus fuck, boys.
I suppose it's better than him rockin a middle-stache on the Judge Judy show...
Fucker's setting up franchises.
She seems to have mellowed out over the years...
They actually scan the dockets of small claims court cases that sound interesting, and contact the parties involved to see if they would rather settle the matter on the show.
I dunno, that's his problem!
Why is levoamphetamine psychoactive, but not levomethamphetamine?
As a non drinker, this would really be a challenge. My solution: amphetamine.
Amphetamine in the morning.
Yeah, but their intake increases along with tolerance. If you go from not drinking at all, to 12 beers/day for 30 days straight, you WILL be hurting.
Also, it was a pretty expensive gun to produce for its time.
Well, I guess I've never tried that compound on it's own, but it's close to 1/2 of prescription 'amphetamine salts' no? I know the dextro is more sought after as far as recreational value, but I assumed the difference in effects wasn't too disparate.
IF you flipped it and reversed the twist so you have a straight bar again, would the piece be stronger or weaker that what you started with?
Alfie looks like something straight out of a Dr. Seuss book! Capybaras are cute, you might be able to get away with keeping a few of those in your condo.
Three, even.
Players Only, coach...
There is in depth speculation on the logistics of alleged ostrich fucking, and it is eventually determined that, even with 2 people, nobody is fucking an ostrich. Even a sick one.
A Møøse once bit my sister ... No realli!
He is most known for his crossbreeding of different types of pea plants. I think he came up with the Punnet square, and the concept of dominant and recessive genes.
The fuck are you pissing?
So the squid just waltzes into the cage, humps this dude's leg, and dips?
Sounds like HOA's have gotten way out of fucking hand. Especially considering some have marketing departments! Sounds no different than an extra invasive local government, but not.
What gun?
Can I get scammed too?!?
And did we tell you the name of the game, boy? We call it "Riding The Gravy Train".
Does the mag contain the CO2 cart?
As long as they're not lying about their age I don't see the problem.
This isn't even a 'recreational' substance. Like, at all. If anything, I'd class it as a deliriant. Not a psychedelic. The big diff between the two is with the former, you see shit, hear shit. and think shit, having NO ABILITY to distinguish the shit from reality. With psyches, you know you're tipping. DPH (high dose) is fucking dangerous. Kid I was hanging out with years back had taken a bunch, and as we're walking down the sidewalk, he just strolls into the street in the path of an oncoming bus. He looked, just didn't perceive it. If I didn't yank him out of the way he woulda been hit. Even right afterwards, he had no idea what transpired, and refused to believe any of us when we tried to tell him he walked into the road and almost got hit by a bus.
Looks like he has 2 mags taped together in the magwell, and one taped to the buttstock
It's also probably worse to get caught with than drugs. You be federally fucked...
It looks a lot like a Skorpion
Everyone knows refracted light is gay af. And don't get me started on prism sex...
Upvotes, but not for you, gunslinger. Never for you.
Also least Henry.
Sittan
&gt; Yggdrasil Coolest sci-fi ship ever. Unless the ringworld counts.
Gun. Pharmacy. Dilaudid.
Made me thing of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iL5p57ScT-k) more upbeat song.
That reminds me, [Landslide -Fleetwood Mac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4M53xndqiU)
It kind of makes sense. Shoot hostage in leg, hostage becomes immobile and more of a hindrance than an asset to the criminal.
Everyone is biased. True neutrality and objectivity simply do not exist, at least in this context.
I had the same reaction upon seeing it. Can't pinpoint any one thing that's anachronistic. Maybe the fact that it's a very well composed?/framed photograph...
For me the strangest part is that, of all people, they see that fat, lecherous, greedy, and above all STUPID fuck and think: 'Yep, that's our guy.'
Took me way too long to realize it was transparent, not reflective.
There's a few snarky sound bytes that feel like inside jokes regarding the scripting...
The thing is, to anyone with half a brain, his idiocy,incompetence, and the rest of his repugnant traits are so fucking transparent. I honestly believe anyone who is adequately informed on the facts and still support him to be a traitor to this country. On top of being a truly shitty person, and/or extremely dumb.
Followed by Skylake
Heavy is good. Heavy is reliable..
So build a shotgun from scratch...
Generally, you wouldn't want to connect CAT5,6 etc wires with twisted splices like you would do with low gauge power wires. You would use something like the OP pic, or terminate RJ45s and use a coupler, although that's a bad idea too. The old twist together splice will probably function, but not optimally, and not for very long.
He's got this, bro.
They're not meant to be opened from inside the cab. They're meant to be opened from on top, to get people out. You think they want people elevator surfing on top of the cars?
I've heard rumors that the guy is a high level LEO as well.
Is that the one who was fired for beating up some kid who stole a bag from his car? Yeah I think so. Not really sure how the rumor started, doubt there's any truth to it. I remember thinking at the time that it was a bit odd for the Chief of Police to be fired for slapping around a suspect though...
CS. Not even once.
RIGHT HERE, BOYS\^!!!
"I went through 15 grams of hexen in 7 days with no sleep do you guys think i have a problem or am i good sorry if this post is against the rules or the title exceeds the max cha
Found the cop!
'Quantum foam makes me roam'
The amount of books I've read on my phone sitting on the toilet is...unsettling. Really the only time I read nowadays. Still end up getting an hour in each day. Sitting to pee is a slippery fucking slope.
No, not the same person. Infinite Jest is a novel (long enough to wield as a weapon). Anyways, best of luck with your undoubtedly valuable research!
Special Delivery, motherfucker! \*starts blasting\*
gorram bells! amazing.
At least take a few mls and heat it in the microwave, or leave it out. See what's left. Try a bit. I definitely would not IM it. If you want IM you want sealed 'liqs' ie pharm grade.
HULK CITE!
"Hold my belt, I'M GOING OUT!"
HULK SMASH!
Eat the piils as intended, study up enough to perform extraction on next month's script lol. I remember discussing this with you in another thread, but is it correct that the presence of L amp decreases the amount of D amp needed to produce a similar effect, however L amp not being particular recreational or psychoactive on its own? Does there exist a practical way to separate the stereosiomers from one another?
Clay 'I'll take any motherfucker's money if he givin it away!' Davis
lol they called the event V.I.E.? shitty marketing, to me that just evokes the word DIE. Like the poor unvaccinated children of these fucking fools likely will.
Depends how much of the houses the banks/mortgage co's still own.
This whole situation is so incredibly fucking....fucked. Incredibly abnormal, stupid, farcical, etc. This shit is in toto completely absurd. THIS IS NOT NORMAL. Even I find myself needing a reminder of this sometimes. Most people who don't spend the time reading about this shit that we do have mostly glazed over just HOW FUCKING NOT NORMAL of a situation this is.
Straight or 2nd yellows too?
&gt; I’ve been in the view that not only should we be worrying about the concentration of power, we should be worried about the lack of privacy and them being exempt, which you’re not exempt. You're right Joe, but not in the way you think you are...
&gt; convected of the crime He should know that's no way to conduct himself!
I imagine regular gasoline would eat straight through that cup...
Was required reading in HS around 2001.
Yeah but the ammo is not always for the gun in their hands..
I wonder if anyone ever seriously cut their neck by firing from a belt slung around their shoulder...
Yeah, that would be a pretty advanced synth. Hang around a vet's office? lol
No teaching.
Does he live in a trailerpark named Sunnyvale?
Your sister knows how to find him I assume.. Gather some friends, pay him a visit, and tune him up a bit. And leave your phones at home.
It's actually starting to be used in clinical trials as a short term treatment for depression! Administered IM , IIRC. Which, if you're gonna do it, is the only way;)
To be faaaaiir....
It's called arbitration. Judy was an actual judge in NY I think, but you don't have to be a judge to be an arbiter. Basically, both parties agree to plead their case, and abide by whatever decision the 'judge' makes. It happens in real life too, but if it's not on TV, whichever party 'loses' has to pay.
They scour small claims court dockets all over the country for cases that sound interesting. I know a few people who were asked to have their issue addressed on the show. They declined. If you have any kind of job where reputation and professionalism is especially important, going on that show could be a figurative death sentence. Even if you've done nothing wrong and are the aggrieved party. Judge Judy and TV editing can make anyone look a fool.
You don't fuck with another man's vehicle.
Wouldn't doubt it. That sounds high, especially considering it's not yet approved for that kind of use yet i dont think..
Cheap monoprice DP cables with hooks are a fucking shitshow in an enterprise environment.
allegedly.
Upvote for a DeWalt AR tho.
If somebody in the US was selling cooked meat for 20 cents, the provenance of said meat is immediately going to be suspect..
DON'T RUIN THIS FOR ME!
You're right. This won't be popular.
hm that's a clever attack vector
SO IN DANGER, THEY ARE!
"our decision to include ourselves in the show, while controversial, we believe was necessary to untie the Gileadian Knot, and male sure the characters were where they needed to be across the continent of Westeros"
You'd fit in perfectly at a Wu Tang show. Just remember to put up your W's. JK, don't mean to make light of your illness. I experienced some of the symptoms when I was younger, around 9, 10. (throat noises) but only for short periods, it eventually went away. Only happened 4 or 5 times, but I know exactly what you mean. Odd.
Do they get business cards?
The worst offense of the second movie was the tracking device that had to be placed in the target's...vagina. JFC.
Especially when they're all 'How do u have a padlock neck to your username in my buddy list?!'
No.
[God damn! This some serious gourmet shit!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knAqM2Gsfi4)
Throw some asbestos particulate in for good measure...
&gt; It seems like he's on drugs or mildly drunk to be honest. Yup. Sounds like he popped a few xanax before going on the show.
\*Freud will remember that.
Now put that thang down!
those are pop rivets. With the little white plastic things on the head?
It's probably a savings account that pays higher interest the more you have in it.
Consent-free confession!
Well he has 2 black eyes, so he's out.
That was Commander Locke in Revolutions
regular match? A burning twig?
&gt; No pun intended Was the innuendo?
I mean, dude propped one end on the ledge, and tried to use his leg to apply *downward* force on the other while trying to saw. Staged or learning disability is my guess..
Dan "Hold her tighter, she's a fighter" Schneider
Stop sayin' odd shit all the time.
Maybe they saw your screen?
It was likely to make it easier for the cameramen to locate him/make him stand out.
Make sure it's not too hot. Are you going to a lab, or are they doing the test in-house? Unrelated, but a friend of mine, who is white, was on probation, and only had access to a wizzinator that was, to put it bluntly, black. I told him there was no way it was gonna work. I go with him to his monthly check-in. He goes in the bathroom with P.O., they both come out after a minute or so. P.O goes "Are you fucking serious with that thing? If I catch you doing anything like that again, you're going straight to jail." Probably would have went that time if the PO didn't find the situation so funny.
How do you know how many you've heard? Are you an expert on owl vocalizations? Who knows how many owls you heard, not knowing it was an owl. The sound, kind of sounds like metal expansion/contraction due to heat or pressure differential. Like the sound a house's heating system makes almost.
Ah, rehab romances. Quite common, and they rarely ever lead to anything good. My purely speculative guess is that she's ignoring you. When one detoxes or stops using a substance, the period immediately after cessation does some strange things to your brain chemistry. One of these things is that feelings come back, simply put. Reactions are different depending on the person and substance, ofc. I know nothing of your relationship with this person, so again, this all purely speculative. Either way, hope your friend is alright and gets in touch with you soon. I'd guess she is likely fine.
I wonder why they would bother sending him anything? Record of item shipped with delivery company maybe? IDK how that would hold up.
The biggest issue I can foresee is one of the pipes bursting or failing is some way. Now you'd have to rip up the entire floor to fix the heat. I suppose most people with underfloor heating aren't really concerned about the potential repair costs. I've also seen houses with heated driveways. Yes, driveways. To melt the snow.
I think that was season 4.. 'Giant baby-head lookin' motherfucker' lol
&gt; nandgate.com Either wrong URL or hugged to death. Excellent post, btw.
Very cool, thanks!
&gt; 90,000 infected. You can't hide 90,000 dead How many do you think they could successfully disappear?
Fuck's wrong with you?
Nicotine in itself really isn't harmful, and there are much safer nicotine delivery methods than smoking tobacco.
To be faaiiiir...
BEER, GOOD!
I remember when this came out, must have been early 2000's. I was a HUGE Metallica fan and I still thought the video was hilarious. Taught me early on that I can respect and enjoy someone's artistic work, even if the creator is as annoying/greedy/etc as Lars Ulrich.
'Me and my buddy James Hetfield here have shed blood, sweat, and motherfucking BEERS to get where we are today!'
Bumfights guy likely will acknowledge that he is a piece of shit, whereas 'Dr.' Phil would vehemently claim the opposite.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omgf9WuGwq8 The fucking dancing always gets me.
Yeah, it's either the cable or somehow the front USB ports are not grounded, and it's shorting out when he plugs it in. The system detects the short and responds by shutting off.
You forgot the shoulder thing that goes up! it's just as bad, if not worse in your East Coast counterpart state.
In a similar vein: "Rabbinical tradition depicted Moloch as a bronze statue heated with fire into which the victims were thrown. This has been associated with reports by Greco-Roman authors on the child sacrifices in Carthage to Baal Hammon" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moloch
It was a joke referencing [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ospNRk2uM3U). Lawmaker writing a law on banning 'assault weapons' is asked what a barrel shroud is, as it is one of the items she is proposing to make illegal. Shockingly, she had no fucking idea. I'm not against gun control per se. What I am against is these stupid arbitrary restrictions based on loosely and poorly defined terms. This whole 'if it's black and looks scary, it must be bad and must be banned' attitude towards gun legislation is fucking absurd. If someone is intent on doing harm, your idiot laws banning a pistol grip on a rifle, adjustable shoulder stocks, magazine size, etc, are going to matter FUCK ALL. It's not like any of these items are difficult to procure, especially when they're likely legal the next state over. I'm fine with background checks, and laws that ensure people purchasing firearms are mentally sound, but realistically, guns are an integral part of our culture, country and history. They are not going away, and the anti-gun lobby's pathetic attempts to slowly chip away at what we can and can't put on our guns, how many bullets they can hold, etc., are futile in combating gun violence. Particularly the mass shootings that these laws were kneejerked into being to prevent. As an aside, I consider myself to be a liberal. I think the dems would do well to stop crusading against guns. Would go a long way to gaining some single-issue voters.
It's 5 years old...
Not to mention it's 5 years old. Back when r/nosleep wasn't total shit. Not that I'm implying the story is in any way true.
I think the biggest difference is that television (as we growing up in the 90's knew it) is mostly passive. you watch what comes on. sure the number of channels increased, but for awhile, there were only 2 or 3 channels to pick from... as opposed to now, where the onus is on YOU to decide what to watch. They may show the same content, but the experience of watching television as I remember it is markedly different to having to select a show to torrent, or one on netflix.
&gt; Whippets Performance enhancing drugs?!
all you here as they run by is 'wahwahwahwahwahwah'
from what I've heard: motrin.
Pinkie finger lookin like a duck-billed platypus!
Mouthwash seems to be a big one. Not sure if it still contains ethanol...
Not to negate the idea that one is responsible for the choices they make; they are.But doctors, psychiatrists pharmaceutical companies, etc, have been pushing many of these substances on the populace for decades along with assurances that they are not habit forming/addictive.
I'm in the market for a new(ish) car. I never really considered leasing as a viable option, as I prefer to own items outright. But considering the fact that, in almost all cases a car is an asset that will only depreciate, I am considering leasing a car, rather than buying a CPO. Yearly income is around 60k, have a decent amount of liquid assets, stocks, and a few other risky investments. I've had 1 credit card for about 6 years, and never missed a payment. Unsure of credit score. In your opinion, would leasing or purchasing be the better option?
The reason it's featured so prominently in the game, I think, reflects the size of the Chinese playerbase.
I used to be like that. Then I was in a position where I consistently had disposable income... I don't spend ludicrous amounts of cash, but it's very easy to get drawn in, especially when $50 bucks isn't worth as much to you as it was years ago, when you'd never have considered spending money on points.
Thought it was luck/good fortune.
Seig whale-tail!
you could remove some words from that sentence and it would remain the truth.
Bigot Guy: Sorry babe, did I say shower? I meant shit. See, it's a *magic* marker. \*looks at marker in hand\* a black magic marker... Babe, I think I just made you .1%....BLACK. I'll have to check the bylaws, but I think this means you're out of the klan... Sorry babe. Bigot Girl: '...' Bigot Guy: Yeah, I was lying when I said it would wash off.
obrez= a moisin nagant cut down to the size of a pistol. I think. Never played Tarkov. Came close to buying it a few times, but never pulled the trigger.
Truth. I'm sure Bluehole/Pubg Corp have tried to either hire outright or recruit him to shill for the game once they recognized his popularity and influence in the community. I'd venture that most people presented this opportunity would be unable to resist taking the money. Myself included.
"I said: **You wouldn't have had much fun in Stalingrad, [Mr. Hilter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTLeBybJhSo)**"
Thank you for the insight. I'm leaning towards purchasing a CPO from a reputable dealer.
It's not harmful. Unless you get a hold of a tank and pass out with the mask and gas on. That's why balloons are the way to go. The big, punching-balloons with the rubber band. They can hold around 5 charges.
From a tank, or from the little chargers? Back 10 years ago or so, tank gas was always noticeably less pure and tasted dirty compared to the individual canisters.
Won't know the perils of trying to find a paper towel tube and dryer sheets while your parents are sleeping, so you can make a spoof.
That was essentially the reason for the existence of the court jester.
...right. That's why it's commonly used in dental practices the world over. "Nitrus' is most definitely NOT very dangerous to your brain. As you so eloquently stated.
naker please!
"...they came up there." The fucking Hanson Brothers of basketball.
I loved it as a kid. Went back and rewatched recently. It really is underrated.
What horse?
I feel like I would have been calm once I was receiving sedatives.
&gt; The fact that mods think they can get away with this type of behavior is sickening. But they can. And they are. And will continue to do so to a greater degree, I imagine.
they didn't have much success in the First Emu War. true story.
if not for the 'with'...
Best of luck man. IDK how you put up with that type of person. the type so concerned with how they're perceived, often by random people on the internet, that they forget to actually live life. It blows my mind that someone would want to travel across the world, in order to take a photo of themselves, thus proving she was there.
Have you tried amphetamine?
This sub, I'm convinced, is being used to advertise games and other software/services. Like Real Debrid. Check out the sticky post. That's the first thing listed. Even the fucking automod in that thread mentions it. Highly suspect.
Oh, I'm well aware. Not trying to get all icons or anything, just a decent team. And yes it is fucked up. Especially considering most of the playerbase; is likely teenagers and younger.
Pharmaceutical grade? Disassociative? Fuck yeah. Well, not anymore. But it can be done safely.
'If on a winter's night a traveler' would like a word...
Meowlbert Hoffman
This comment would be interpreted in a much darker context 100 years ago.
Generally sound advice, but carl, unlike most of the rest of us, knows what he's doing.
you mean the shoulder things that go up ?!!?
What about Meowsly Stanley?
Dirty fuckin dangles, boys.
I don't think S.S. numbers were issued at birth when he was born. You had to go and apply.
Heathen's Qate
I'd be even MORE triggered if they started using funnels and booty bumping the bleach
They likely didn't have one either. They only started issuing SSNs at birth in the late 70s I think. Prior to that, you had to go to the DMV to get a SS card. Which was a flimsy, thin 'card'. Like, flimsier than a business card. It says on it 'SSN NOT TO BE USED FOR PURPOSES OF IDENTIFICATION'. Ha!
The fuck? I imagine that would fuck you up pretty quick. I'm not talking about bleached assholes lol
And being covered in vomit as you come up
That's horrible advice. There are plenty of people who should not be eating psychedelics. Ideally, anyone under 18 or 19, although I know that's not practical. Also people with mental illness. Then there's the issue of taking too much and fucking yourself up for good. I've seen that happen to a few people who though heroic doses were a good idea. I'm not discouraging anyone from indulging at all, but to say 'it's good for everyone' is just disingenuous or naive.
"how are you?" 'Eh, could be worse!'
Is okay, my friend?
Are those brand names? Perhaps he was just unfamiliar with the commercial name?
I'll blame the Federal government that uses the taxpayers' money in wanton and repugnant ways. Our defense budget, for one. On a smaller, but much more infuriating scale, flying that orange dotard around the world to stay at properties HE OWNS. We pay for that shit. I don't understand how more people are not incensed at this. Especially that bullshit he pulled in Scotland, diverting 100's of miles out of the way to stop and refuel at an airport he owns.
She pronounces her L's and R's very well.
What are the effects of drinking acetone? Or does pure acetone taste mild, and the additive is to prevent a kid from accidentally drinking it?
That probably has a good chance of producing results. Your story is fascinating, as terrible as it must have been to live through. Best of luck to you.
Covid time!
Some go on vacation if they have too much BTC in escrow that hasn't finalized.
Christ would be appalled if he saw the state of Christianity in the US. Mainly the bible-belt, prosperity gospel charlatans. He'd be flipping tables in no time.
Wondering if there are any gun stores open near me, and if they still have inventory...
He answered, 2 and a half days later...
lol it's all good I was just fuckin with ya
&gt; What exactly caused all this? Enough disparate factors that someone saw fit to write a 6 volume treatise on the matter. In 1790. &gt; [The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_History_of_the_Decline_and_Fall_of_the_Roman_Empire) is a six-volume work by the English historian Edward Gibbon.
If they had enough on you, I imagine they would have arrested you already. Maybe they're just hoping you do something silly like go to the POLICE STATION and talk to them. Not sure how it is in your country, but in the US, you're either charged and have to appear in court, or you're good. They can't compel you to appear at the police station on X date.
Looks like a SPAS-12 fucked an AUG.
Do most people who play these games use a sort of stock? I guess with the Knuckles controllers it might change things, but I'm still working with the OG Vive wands. Seen a few neat designs using magnets and 3d printed parts along with some PVC pipe to make a stock capable of holding both wands in line with one another.
&gt; ocean fishing in a kayak
Huh. Never heard of ocean kayak fishing.
Next week, they'll be trying out circumvallation and contravallation a la Alesia
Whoever wrote it has a fairly poor grasp of grammar. Maybe that could narrow it down?
No expert, but the A and M in the return address seem off, as they slant in opposite directions.
I love the sec def's comment about 'send it as a PDF, I don't have Word'. The show overall was a bit disappointing, though it had its moments.
Which is why I prefaced it with "Or if you wanna get really sick with it.." Also, you obviously wouldn't overtly say 'MURDER SUICIDE LORD HERE I COME!". It can be alluded to without actually threatening anybody. I never said it was a good idea either. But, if you want to know badly enough, it has a slight chance of working. Imagine you're the person who wrote the letter; now all of a sudden, it seems you might soon become responsible for one or more deaths. There's a decent chance you'd cop to the letter rather than allow the latter to occur.
404 - Not Found 405- Method Not Allowed Etc. All the s04 eps are named after http error codes, which somehow relate to a theme in the episode.
Contrasting S1 and S4, the show is so incredibly different in tone, content, cinematography, writing, theme, etc. but it maintains the same consistent quality throughout.
Yeah, there's only one episode of It's Always Sunny I haven't seen multiple times... for the exact reason you mention.
No. The one where Mac and Dennis move to the suburbs.
Gypped.
In the U.S, it's really just another word to the majority of people. They honestly don't know its etymology or that it is technically a racial slur.
&gt; Irish is a nationality, Jewish is a religion. Oh boy. Have fun with that debate...
Eh, not really. Maybe the earlier seasons a bit. Letterkenny has much wittier characters and writing overall. I like TPB, but it's a lot of weed and liquor humor. The back and forth banter in Letterkenny is incredibly witty. I'd say it's more wholesome that TPB (which after season 6 really kinda sucked). I guess I would say it's like in between Corner Gas and TPB. And I think those are the only Canadian shows I've seen. Oh and Red Green!
My hockey coach when i was like 12 said something that stuck with me; No matter your race or religion, you can still be an asshole. Although some of the Orthodox areas of Brooklyn can really test one's capacity for tolerance...
DeGrassi...
Dad energies are huge.
It becomes a boat. Just like escalators....they can't break, they can only become stairs. -Mitch Hedberg RIP
They mainly exist to facilitate routing Juniors and Seniors into college, and crippling debt. That's all they do for the most part, help you apply to a bunch of colleges. Ofc there are exceptions and some are wonderful people who genuinely care and are skilled therapists.
&gt; put a stop to it I can only imagine how they went about doing so..
"That kid is BACK on the escalator! I hope his shoelace gets caught and a bloodbath ensues"
Those idiots prob thought they were real, and when they found out they weren't it was too late.
Even Noah Dick was there, with his wife Anita Dick!
"Somebody get a medic, there's a little boy caught in the escalator!" [Whole escalator/comic store scene](https://youtu.be/gg42XLQv7Rw) "What, you think just cause a guy reads comics, means he can't start some shit!?" I haven't seen that movie in ages. Gonna d/l it now I think.
I'm 12 and what is this
From Urban Dict: &gt; It's 12 Districts in the greater city of Atlanta. There are always 12 officers on patrol at all times in each district and each officer works 12 hour shifts! That why ATL says "12" when referring to police.
It was just...a jarring change in the tone and pacing of the show up until that point, IIRC. Like, most of the show is grounded in reality somewhat, but the Elam/Bear arc was just fucking outlandish. Not the attack so much as the recovery and return.
Yeah, AMC is fucked. They treat their actors like shit, they bring in hack writers and showrunners, etc. The most glaring example is The Walking Dead. It's like once they got a taste of that Breaking Bad money, that was it.
And how many days have you been on it?
I'd say the bartards are the most likely to have an unintended encounter with the police. Of course they likely won't remember...
Or he realized his shtick had made him very wealthy, but also that his shtick was no longer one, and just the person he turned into. IDK i never paid any attention to him or his ilk.
So The Italian Job?
What movie.
You know how much the average jiizz-mopper makes per hour?
They better stay the fuck away from *my* truck sand!
Lol this dude has a shark in a sea of flames on his dome. I think that's what it is anyway. Wonder what the cursive looking letter L's by his ear mean? Kinda like how the bloods have the tear drops for rivals killed?
Launch it out of a potato gun.
&gt; And boats (though not many of their own) Could this be alluding to Crannogmen and Howland Reed?
I'm watching this thinking 'somebody hose this poor fucking guy off, already!'
Mr. Peach however, agreed that Mr. Bowser has a much more imposing ring to it.
I agree with all those points. However, calling him a 'passive white supremacist' is not only idiotic, it's detrimental to the cause. Putting words in his mouth and going from defunding and regulating the police to healthcare doesn't bolster your argument.
They drive too!
How did this not set off sufficient red flags? Did she only start once you got married?
damn dude, condolences. My first gf definitely had Borderline PD, and she was the kindest, most loving, funny, smart, etc girl. Until she wasn't. And she initially pursued me! When we met (around 14), she wasn't ugly, but she wasn't really that physically attractive. I didn't care. Her personality more than made up for it. We didn't date for very long. So then she became legit hot. Then, knowing how I felt about her, proceeded to, over the course of 8 years, date my best friend, fuck almost every other male friend I introduced her to, all the while, stringing me along, calling me crying, showing up at my house. So yeah, I really don't have feelings anymore. Well, I do, but they're almost muted. end rant.
[Don't you know what felch means?](https://youtu.be/VFGokF1GlYo?t=119) Yeah, well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
By one dude!
I remember having Super Mario Bros on mine. Maybe it was the gameboy version? Also, Beerhunt.
Those poor melons!
drxanax maybe? this sounds like a case of 'hey guys the barrs arbnt kciking ing!"
No love for Tony Jaa? The [elephant hopping](https://youtu.be/uQG8y0kJqdY?t=39) scene is pretty amazing, considering he actually did it.
Mahfuckahs I was gettin changed!
You can ship to Nassau I believe. If you have a friend with a Nassau address you could try that.
“Te Occidere Possunt Sed Te Edere Non Possunt Nefas Est" They can kill you, but the legalities of eating you are quite a bit dicier.
I imagine the majority of customers for items like that are C.C. scammers.
Of course she's an adult. You think they actually use underage girls for this? lol
&gt; doing intern*ships* Not the interns. If you have job, how do you apply for an internship at the same company?
Straight women, gay men...
Who would win a wrestling match, Lemmy or God? "Lemmy!" \*game show buzzer sound* "God!" Wrong dick head! Trick question. **Lemmy is god.** https://youtu.be/BJzSVD1YkHc?t=49
&gt; police truck Denied, Dan Denied. Dun Dun dun dun
"LSD, 100 µg, intramuscular."
/r/nocontext
Michael Johnson?
Where's the 3ft cheater bar?
Fucking despicable, reprehensible, and downright niggardly Ted Danson, having someone else write his jokes for him. God damned appalling. Also, the blackface was also a bit ill advised.
The most heinous part is the fact that their is no SPACE between the ampersand and 'GUIDELINES' in the title of his first slide.
I agree. You don't get to the levels of success Howard has by not having a firm grasp of all the off the air aspects of a radio/TV show, and how important they are. I'm curious if this video was filmed surreptitiously, or on request by Stern. The abrupt end kinda suggests the former. Although, 2013 battery and storage.. I did find his suggestion of 'create 10 fucking twitter accounts, and tweet @A-List-Star 'omg i love Howard Stern, you should deff go on his show!', a bit amusing... Although it *was* 2013.
Not a chef, but that was my first thought also. As the wedge of cheese gets smaller, adjust the size. Still looks to elaborate for a grater...unless it was used at a fancy restaurant, at the table, by the server. "Say when!"
Oh def. That jaw action... Also those nanotech pills that communicate with your smartphone and, depending on the tasks you wish to accomplish, adjusts the release of neurotransmitters to amounts suitable for said tasks.
From what you describe, I'd say there's a good possibility that this person is someone you know, or have met in real life. Possibly an old 'friend' or romantic partner. Also possible that they are someone you are currently friends with. The nudes had to have come from somewhere; think back to the people you've sent them to, or places online you posted them set as 'private'. Other than that my only advice is to arm yourself if it is both legal and feasible for you. Any other suggestions I may have involve 'baiting' this person, and could definitely backfire, or worse. Does he talk to you directly? Does he express interest in meeting up with you? He must be local if he's got pics of you walking around your neighborhood. You could finally 'agree' to a meeting, maybe even intimating something further might happen, if you feel confident in doing so. Maybe throw in a line about how his 'persistence'(stalking) has made you realize he really must care about you and you want to get to know him. Obviously, you will not attend the meeting. Pick a spot, public, like a diner or coffee shop with outdoor tables. You also have to be able to see the meeting spot from another location, maybe 2nd floor window of the building across the street. Do not go alone. If you wanna go all out, have some of your male friends walk up to him if he shows up to the meet. I imagine they will be able to dissuade him from contacting you. Remember this is not necessarily a good idea, as there are many ways it could go wrong. If my initial assumptions are correct, and it IS someone you know/knew, I doubt they will attend the meeting. I'm not sure of your age, and I feel like there's more to this story, but I'd put money on it being someone you know IRL, possibly someone you shared nudes with, possibly a friend of a person you shared nudes with. Did you show the police all the photos he took of you while you were not aware, like walking down your street? Did you show them the messages he sends, and proof that he's taken over numerous social media accounts? Not sure what the laws are in your country, but that sounds like a solid case of Identity Theft. Lastly, run a virus scan on your PC, phone, and whatever other devices you use. Without knowing how old you are, it's hard to give specific advice. I'm not asking how old you are BTW, don't put that info up on here. Good luck, and remember if you do decide to try to get him to show up somewhere, bring along male friends, older sibling, parent, maybe even police.
Oh I really don't give a fuck. Twitter has been at LEAST 1/4 not or sock-poppet accounts since its inception. Best part is, Stern says 'eh make TEN accounts' like he's just throwing out the highest number of accounts he would really expect his employees to make. Fast forward 7 years, the alleged president of the USA's Twitter followers are around half bots and Russian sock puppets. The most puzzling thing to me is that this video exists in the first place. I'm not a huge H.S. fan, but I imagine many of his listeners would become extremely disillusioned after seeing this video, and I have to think that Stern is aware of this fact. Like another poster said 'nobody wants to see how the sausage is made'. I wonder if the vid came out close to 2013 when it was filmed, or more recently....
Couldn't really blame it. No other organism on the planet disrupts equilibrium. If , say a species' population grows too large, it is naturally returned to sustainable levels in a few decades, give or take. Humans are just like, "nah, gonna burn some coal." I have a legitimate fear that Mother Nature will soon have her way with us due to the instability we introduced into an otherwise stable system, and the damage we have wrought. Us, of course, meaning humans.
No problem! Who was targeted first, you or your partner? How long have you been with partner? What else does the stalker communicate to you besides pictures, and over what medium? Like, text messages? Phone calls? FB/Snapchat/IG messages? AIM? Smoke signals? Yodeling? Lol seriously though do people still use AIM? Do you think it's more likely that they are targeting you, or your partner? Obviously they are targeting you both, but one of you must be the 'main target', for lack of better term. More importantly, what does your partner think caused you two to be targeted? If neither of you are good with computers and smrt phones, try to find someone who is and ask them to take a look. If they were able to hack into your IG account, I would say they likely have access to at least one of you or your partner's devices. Also, are the pictures they send taken from far away, or more like from a phone or laptop camera?
yeah, it doesn't really fit, I know. I just wanted an excuse to complete the immature racial slur innuendo/pun. Shame on me.
Never tried either of those, but the first psychedelic I ever tried was DiPT. Being inexperienced with drugs, I trusted y more knowledgeable friend to give me a 'threshold to low dose'. Apparently he took that to mean take that dose, and multiply by 2. I had done some research into the effects of this substance, but I was a teenager drug noob. DiPT remains one of the oddest substances I have ever experienced. (Excepting a good 1.5-2 month daily ketamine binge, but that doesn't count and should not be attempted.) So yeah, Diisopropyltryptamine....the come up and body load are similar to other tryptamines. The headspace is hard to describe, but pretty different from most other trypts I've done. However...the sound. Can we talk about the sound? Well I could try, but whether or not anything coherent is being spoken is indiscernible. I remember I would keep asking my friends if they could understand me. Apparently they could, because when I said 'bong' someone passed it. I really couldn't understand what other people were saying. Everything sounded digitized, robotic, and compressed. The closest way to describe it is the scene in The Matrix, when Neo touches the liquid mirror, and starts to scream as the liquid goes down his throat. Music was unrecognizable. Songs I had heard 100's of times, I did not recognize. All notes, tones, and harmonics were just...off. I tried playing guitar at one point, and I couldn't tune the fucker because I couldn't hear when say an E was played, then played an octave higher. I by no means could identify notes by ear, but I could tune a guitar to itself without issue. Not on DiPT I couldn't. I then got out a keyboard and was trying out various notes. playing with the note +1 octave. It was so fucking bizarre. Instead of a pleasing, complementary sound, it produced a sound not dissimilar to picking 2 random keys and playing them. Trip lasted around 6-7 hours. The aftereffects, 3-4 days. They really were not bad. No mood or headspace issues or lingering trippiness. In fact, I only noticed because I had school 2 days after my trip. My hearing was back to normal, and had been for the previous day. Until first period. When the bell signaling first period rang, it was incredibly distorted. I should note, it was not a literal bell, but a single tone played over a loudspeaker I think. Like [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Electronic_Tone_School_Bell_Sound.wav) . This was a sound that I had heard 20 times/school day for almost 7 school years. What is a clean tone became distorted and robotic-sounding. Hearing it through the earmuffs of the lingering DiPT effects was pretty damn frightening, especially because this was my first psychedelic experience, and I had no idea how long it would last. Luckily, only another 2 days. The strangest part was the school bell was the only thing that sounded different. I could hear what I was saying when I spoke, hear others, music sounded normal again, even the octaves were behaving properly. It was only the bell. Overall, the trip was intense but enjoyable. I remember walking home from my friends house around sunrise, and it was incredible. Probably only a 15 minute walk as we live in the same neighborhood. At this point the trip was pretty much over, there were still plenty of faint audio anomalies, by headspace was close to baseline. I remember being awed by the beauty of the grass, the lawn sprinklers, peoples front yard flora, and the sun rising higher, as I reflected on the incredible journey I had just returned from, as I walked back home. No idea what prompted this impromptu attempt at a trip report. I hadn't thought about that experience in years. Oh wait, it was probably the d-amp. I hope if anyone actually makes it all the way through that it isn't too tedious and verbose (it almost certainly is) and that you get a sense of what ingesting a moderate to high dose of this strange little molecule is like. Any questions about my experience, feel free to ask. Unless it involves where to get it. When I tried it, it was legal and easily had on the clearnet with a bit of searching, and my friend's unique ability to use his mom's CC and not get in serious trouble.
&gt; The pictures are taking far away. I assume is with a phone. Hmm. Are you certain the photo was of you? Is it possible he took a photo of a street near you, and then photoshopped you, or some random person who resembles you into the picture? Or was it a clear, decent resolution photo that was unmistakably you? How many pics of this type did the stalker send?
Thank you! I kinda wrote it on a whim, didn't think anybody would read it. Maybe I will post to erowid. I guess I really never considered how few people were able to experience this drug. I knew it was far from common, not something you would have been likely to get from your friendly neighborhood dealer. I think the only other people I know who have tried (or even heard of) it are the few my friends and I gave it to. I'm gonna assume it's now illegal? We also had a bunch of 2C-i, 2C-B, 2C-E, 5-MeO-DiPT (Foxy Methoxy), and some others I probably forgot. 2C-C maybe. I didn't have school the next day, I had 1 day to recover. As for the visuals, to psychedelic-virgin me, they seemed like visuals. Looking back, after an excessive amount of experience with psyches, I now now realize that it was more visual distortions. Heightened color intensity, wavy patterns, plain white walls seemingly swirling, etc. Kind of like the visuals you get as soon as you start to feel the psilocybin kick in, but never fully realized. I think most of these effects were simply the result of pupils that were dilated as fuck, but there was certainly a very subtle visual element to the trip. All open eye, don't recall any CEVs although there might have been some. I recall the come up being uncomfortable, mostly due to anxiety and nausea, but not as bad as psilocybin nausea. Towards the end of the trip, I remember we went to get bagels, and I had this cinnamon covered bagel that was fucking incredible. It was certainly an experience trying to order a bagel, at 6am, obviously not sober and not drunk, without knowing if what you just said was the metallic robot gibberish you *heard* yourself say, or what you intended to say. I was getting the hang of it by then. "Yes bro, you sound totally normal, now STOP ASKING."- friends who had not taken any DiPT. You make great points about how this molecule produces entirely dissimilar effects than any permutation of it. I'm sure some very interesting research could be conducted using this chemical, like you said. It is truly unique in that I know of no other substance that produces auditory distortions exclusively. Definitely none that do what DiPT does. Sure there's auditory components to many psychedelic experiences, but....just not 'you and everyone else now sounds like a broken speaker, and music doesn't make any fucking sense anymore'. To this day, I would like an explanation as to why, 4 days after my trip, the only remaining effect was the horribly distorted bell. I imagine it has to do with the nature of the tone. Is it more than one tone, is it a harmonic? I know very little about music theory. I wonder if any blind people have tried this drug. I imagine that would be terrifying for them. I remember being slightly apprehensive about trying psychedelics at the time (I was prob 16) and DiPT was described to me as 'a psychedelic, kind of like mushrooms, but only affects how you perceive sound.' Which is an accurate but lacking description of this drug's effects. I thought it would be a nice, gentle guided tour through the doors of perception, into the vast realm of psychedelics, rather than being used as a battering ram and unceremoniously hurled though the metaphorical doors. That's not to say I lost my shit or anything, but it made me realize you can't take half a trip, fighting the effects is futile, and you will feel better after you throw up. Thus, I quickly learned some valuable coping skills that would help myself and others navigate the precarious psychedelic state, and how to make it through the inevitable 'bad trip'. I went on to try a shitload of psychs, but I never felt the urge to try DiPT again. It was certainly an enjoyable experience and served as a rather intense, albeit unorthodox introduction to the world of psychedelics. I'm not sure what my dose was, but I know it was more than I would have taken if I capped the doses. I always start on the low side, my friend however goes for broke on the first try. He later said he gave me enough to make sure I had a proper psychedelic experience. And that I most certainly did. I'm older now, and have not had the desire to trip in a long time. Probably for the best.
:/ That's fucked that the police won't help. Especially if you showed them these photos that you didn't take. Not sure if this would make a difference, but you could try telling them you've been receiving threats on your lives. Maybe they would get involved then? You and your partner need to examine all the facts. All the pictures he has of you, all the information he knows, if he really did hack your iG he's at least somewhat tech savvy. This is someone who almost certainly lives nearby, and likely someone either you, your partner, or both know. Make sure you emphasize to your partner the need for total honesty. I keep coming back to the pics of you. You had to have taken them. Or allowed someone to. Well, I guess not necessarily...but I hope that's not the case. You know who you gave them to, unless you're a camgirl or SnapChat or whatever. Which is fine, but these pics might be the best chance to identify the stalker. Think hard about who could potentially have them, assuming you're not a snapchat model.
Thank you! Glad you liked it, shocked anyone read it. I responded to another poster with some more info. It's definitely the most unique psychoactive substance I have ever tried, and I've tried plenty.
You or I understand that, but I would venture many of his fans have never given consideration to the whole business/administrative side to the Howard Stern Show. And this video lays it out bare as can be. I found the whole vid to be an interesting glimpse about what goes (went) on off the air. Now sure I understood that there exists a very large administrative side to making his show, but I hadn't thought of some of the specific concerns raised in the video. 'The greenroom is a fucking mess, y'all motherfuckers gotta stop dressing like slobs when we have A-list celebs come to the studio, make sure you are polite with their PR people, make sure there is someone to escort them from the street into the building up the elevator and to the studio, etc.
interesting! I would stay faaaar away from benzos if I were you. Benzos give you munchies like nothing else. You wake up to find you've fallen asleep with half a bowl of ice cream which has since melted and gotten all over the bed. Of course it's chocolate, and of course the sheets are white! Also, for some reason you thought adding cake frosting, fruity pebbles, powdered sugar, and jelly beans to the ice cream was a perfectly reasonable thing to do. That's the most dangerous part about people who use benzos; the most outlandish shit imaginable seems, to the benzo-ed mind a perfectly reasonable and level headed idea. Nobody on benzos ever thinks they're acting out of the ordinary or speaking oddly. They invariably are. For some reason, people on benzos tend to steal shit. People who would NEVER do that shit sober are suddenly standing next to you in the supermarket aisle, trying to figure out how they're gonna fit that 2nd 2 liter soda bottle down the same pant leg. While halfway through a box of Oreo's, though more seem to be littering the aisle behind you. A literal trail of breadcrumbs. Except they're cookie crumbs, and they lead right to the perpetrator. And there's YOU, futilely trying simultaneously to keep them from falling over, convince them they do not need 4 liters of fucking Mountain Dew and can they PLEASE remove them from their pants, put the Oreo's down, and get the fuck out before you get us both locked up. 100x worse than trying to babysit drunk people. And if they mix the two, forget it. I know around 3 people who have died of ODs of various things, and all 3 were mixing it with benzos. Tolerance is also a major problem with them. Not to mention the withdrawal can literally kill you. Not sure how this diatribe got started, but in conclusion: don't take benzos (recreationally)! From what I gather, they are not really prescribed that much in the UK, which is for the best, as long as people who really need them to manage anxiety are getting them. They're kinda shit as a sleep aid. You will get to sleep, but you probably won't feel rested in the morning. Not to mention waking up to the mess in the kitchen you didn't remember making. As to your point about 'fitting the profile to be prescribed them in the first place', I had considered that. And it likely is partly correct. However, the girls I knew, while they might have initially tried them because they had a script, were actively seeking them out. It was like, a street drug that nobody would buy, then some girl is like OMG I will give you $10/pill!!! True story. Oh and apologies for the rambling as well. I think I outdid you though, if I'm being honest ;)
&gt; There's far better options to get your $70 from him. Maybe so. But some broke little shit who's scamming people to the tune of $70 is not going to be able to afford the cost of a lawsuit, let alone an attorney good enough to win a defamation case.
I'm assuming this is the case.
I'm glad you enjoyed my rambling :) It was morning for me, and I'd been up all night. Codeine is OTC over there, right? Doesn't it contain caffeine or something to deter abuse? Although I imagine the codeine could be isolated with a CWE or some such solvent. I used to have issues with opiates. Glad those days are gone. I could never enjoy codeine, as the histamine reaction was always way too severe for me. I'd turn straight up red and itchy does not do the sensation justice. Like, so itchy it fucking hurt and the only way to get relief was to take a verrrry hot shower. Stronger opiates however, worked just fine (un)fortunately. Can't say I miss them much. I totally get where you're at though. I remember the first time i took hydrocodone, the thought that kept coming to the forefront of my sedated mind was 'I shouldn't be allowed to feel this good. This could be a problem, thank goodness I can't even get more.' 1 month later, my friends and I were ordering them online in 500ct bottles. So yeah, stick with the z's and the codeine. Getting a benzo script in the US isn't exactly easy, but it's not impossible. It's actually easier to find them illicitly. Either through the dark net markets or someone who knows a shady doctor. Well, good morning to you I guess!
Experience was around 2003. I'm nearing a midlife crisis. Now about this bird fight....are they pets or wild birds? What kind of birds? Is this a frequent occurrence?
The 1930's?
And promptly photoshopped them out decades before photoshop would exist.
&gt; I had to just go break up a bird fight on the roof of my house &gt; &gt; Just as a curiosity when was this DiPT experience and how old are you? Did you mean a fight between 2 women?
Not if he took xanax too...
"Pop-Pop gets a handy?"
Oh man I remember that thread! Witnessed a tiny bit of history.
Sex on benzos usually turns into a shitshow. Sometimes literally. I feel like they dull the feeling of an orgasm though.
So have I. Every person that i knew who OD'd and died was on benzos and opiates. I've seen numerous people OD on just opiates, to the point where we had to bring them to the ER, but they all lived.
Also, IF no rape in 4 episodes, insert rape scene.
'oh and mom? Try not to bang every guy that comes into the house, ok?' "Okay sweetie."
He's always whining, lecturing, complaining, etc. Like, constantly in the Netflix seasons.
Fireflies.UFO, identified.
It's not Camp Bisco if at least 5 tents are not set alight. Inadvertently.
License and registration and step out of the car Are you carrying a weapon on you, I know a lot of you are
So kind of like the India-Pakistani border changing of the guard antics?
Yeah there's a shitload of tunnels and repair/ C&amp;C facilities underground.
Have you never read the Sherlock Holmes' stories? Watson 'ejaculates' all the time.
I always viewed the dance scene as a contrast of the nature of the drugs they are each on, one on cocaine, one on heroin.
&gt; astro projection
SAY WHEN!
&gt; It's like those fucking inbreds that think if more people come out as gay, everyone will be gay. I'm like, are you implying that if everyone you knew was gay, you'd start loving hard cock in your ass? I think many do. I think they are gay/bi and not acknowledging that fact is them 'fighting the devil's temptations, with the help of the good lord!'. They probably think everyone has such urges, but only 'them filthy godless queers' lack the restraint to not act on them.
Context very important here.
It was a great show, but I couldn't watch it 17 times.
Also drunk.
Just start off small. 2g or less. If it's made into a tea, it will hit you faster and harder than if you just eat them. You will probably get nauseous as you come up, this will pass.
Excellent collection, from what little is visible.
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
He was definitely drunk for some of the later films.
Pretty sure he said it himself in an interview. Perhaps not directly, as that would be a nightmare for the films' insurance etc, but something to the effect of being drunk/hungover every day during shooting.
That's also pretty much the extent of her accomplishments.
Sounds like you literally did the dairy challenge...
Gonna need you to change your username to OceanWarner
They certainly did more than spitball about a false flag terrorist attack using hijacked airliners.... I think it was called Operation North Woods?
Brah.
What's the nasal bioavailability?
I imagine it's reaching the point where the editor/publisher can respond 'Well, we just want something to publish!'
Pretty sure the man can do whatever the fuck he wants to, or doesn't, at this point.
The first few Ringworld novels are excellent. Then they get a bit...weird.
I wonder if Kevin Smith read this and lifted the premise for Brodie's conversation with Stan Lee...
\*cough* Hi Ms. Anderson.
Fuck off salamander head!
'How fuckin drunk are you right now?' "6/10"
I was floored at how much they go for on the markets. There are even presses!
I would guess they are more likely to open larger packages, with the hope of finding something of value.
I'm guessing it's MUCH easier to get a script in the US than in other countries, or the price/demand wouldn't be so high on the DNMs.
The current state of things in the US goes so far beyond 'absurd', not much would surprise me.
Like a bootleg Avril Lavigne
Yeah, I think so too. Not sure what the sales figures were on it, but I personally didn't even have enough interest in it to pirate it. It's like dude, people have been waiting for the next installment of your series for over 10 years. At least finish the fucking thing before writing its 'Silmarillion". Oh did you hear? He's releasing a new Wild Cards novel next month! No not really, and yes I realize I'm coming off as a bit petulant and ignorant in this post. I don't necessarily fault GRRM for the choices he's made since he finally got a hit show (also, rich af) as I can imagine the temptation to just say fuck it often gets quite well, tempting. I know I'd be tempted. "2 more books! Hahahahahah. check out these 4 Lambos I got. Look they even have the house sigils on the hood!." That would be me. I suppose the fact he's still working on TWOW is a testament to his artistic integrity, considering how as more time passes, the less profitable TWOW is likely to be. Or maybe he was going to just say fuck it, than saw the abomination that D^2 subject us (and the story) to.
"You brought your special-needs sister to a fucking RIOT!?" 'Mooomm, it's not a r-' "You get your sister home immediately!" \**maybe they're both special needs*\*
Foul! Homophone! The foul is 2 of your largest fowl.
At first I thought you meant like, dead chicken, like then you go crabbing and tight pieces of chicken to lines secured to the dock. Those crabs emerge from the depth and swarm that shit. That's where the net comes in.
The hard part I imagine is conveying to a 4-5 year old that the items they are purchasing online actually cost money and have tangible value. Back in the days of toy stores, I feel like the concepts behind the lesson was much more easily conveyed to a child. Can't take Tricycle out of store. Have to cause a big enough fuss so Mommy gets the green paper slips out of her bag and gives them to the lady. Then, tricycle. Win
So is that a bolt handle on the opposite side of the gun?
Buckethead is so prolific every guitarist since has probably copied a riff or progression, intentionally or not.
The worst was when you were the total shit in your hometown. Then you go to college and realize how bad you are.
That fuck can own guns civilians are unable to own legally.
Well, was her idea of those 'select few' wealthy and white, or hardworking and physically fit?
If you can legally own a firearm in your country, get one and learn how to use it. If there are some castle doctrine type laws, you could have her intimate that she will be home alone, and has a fantasy about a man breaking down her door and having sex with her. If he takes the bait, shoot him and make sure there's only one side to the story. I mean, this *is* Illegal LPT... To be clear this is premeditated murder, and certainly not advisable unless he does something particularly heinous to your gf.
Talk like that will get you temperatured right quick! For real though, sounds like *she's* the one who can't escape god. He's turned her into a blithering, ranting idiot.
Never tried myself, but 2-methyl AP-237 (2-MAP-237) might suit your needs. There is also a newer one 2-MAP-238 that is supposedly more potent and more enjoyable. Have seen people compare the high to oxycodone. I'm sure people familiar with the substance can chime in.
Anecdotal reports are that the causticity of 238 is less than 237. Not much info out there on 238, as I believe it's pretty new. Fortunately, I stopped using opiods before all the RCs became prevalent, i.e U-47700, U-48800, etc. so I really have no personal experiences with these chemicals to share.
Glad I could bring even a slight amount of amusement to you. Also, doubt it will be your last. 2020 is shaping up to redefine 'absurdity'. I speculate absurdity will reach such outlandish levels, the only way to retain any semblance of sanity will be to simply laugh at it.
Last I checked, The Autocorrect Defense holds no water in *this* Fowl Court!
That cart looks like it would present so many sexy challenges to overcome, along with all the inventive perverted provocative position potential!
Fire gun with foot. Can still design with hands. I think I remember hearing that the designer of the Glock always test fired with his left hand, as he was a right handed and wanted to be able to continue his design work if there was an....incident.
'Hol, up I just gotta IM this K so I have to motivation to lift weights' LOL idk y but that scene playing out in my head is really fun. Like you're trying to convince all your gym buddies it's not roids....'I swear it's just Ketamine, ya know, horse tranquilizer! How else am I gonna get my pump on?!
I'm thinking he's being downvoted more for the fact that he sounds about ready to go full Patrick Bateman.
If you're smoking cigars, that's a lot of ash between 3-4 people.
I was being hyperbolic. I'm not literally assuming he posses the traits of a fictional serial killer because he knows a bit about a band.. ANYWAY, there's no conclusive proof, in either the film nor the novel, that Patrick Bateman is actually a murderer. He's definitely got some issues goin on upstairs, but it's never revealed whether all the heinous shit we see him do is actually happening, or if he's just imagining it.
Season 2 was in what? 2002? People had answering machines for years after. Pretty much they didn't go away until cell phones became ubiquitous.
the boys have their own line of glass now. Almost every headshop has them.
Most celebs call their PR teams when they hear their name mentioned on one of Em's tracks.
Oh, gotcha. The best was season 4 and Bubbles 'cell phone' with a fucking rotary dial. LOL I think answering machines ceased to be a separate device from the telephone itself, around 2001-2 and stopped using those mini-cassettes soon after. SO yeah I guess you're correct.
Well TIL...that's totally fucked, but I can see how it could be a bit less cut and dry than groping Tinkerbell at Disneyworld. My main point was really just expressing shock that there are that many guys who see nothing wrong with perpetrating behaviors like that. Like it's an acceptable thing to do. I'd say 'ya'll mothafuckers need Jesus', but Christianity (or the perversion of it, rather) seems to be a key element in fostering the notion that grabbing women in public is fine and dandy. My father would have slapped the shit out of me if I ever did something like that. Not that he'd have needed to. I was raised with a clear understanding that groping is bad. I don't even remember ever being told as much, I just innately knew it was wrong.
&gt; even decent people like yourself are a part of it because society tells you it's okay. Maybe so. But in this instance you are incorrect. In lieu of writing the essay required to tell the story, I just gave broad strokes. These guys followed her up the elevator because they could see she was drunk. She knew I was in her room sleeping, so she let them follow her up there. I heard the door open, see the two fucks standing there with my gf, and I hear one say 'Oh fuck is that your boyfriend?' I realized what was happening and chased one of them to the top of the stairs. Called a few friends and went looking for the other one. I've intervened numerous times when I saw a lady clearly being taken advantage of, or about to be. That shit makes me furious, and it takes a lot to make me angry enough to throw hands.
Wonder if it's due to how they were raised? Did their fathers' do this shit? I've seen a few insightful comments about the role the church plays in perpetuating this mentality of females as nothing more than sex objects.
Fair point. At the time, all I knew was these 2 guys were going to try to rape my GF. I saw red, jumped out of bed in only boxers, and sent that little fucker down the stairs. Narrow stairwell too, he bounced off of both walls. Once the adrenaline wore off, of course I considered all the ways I could have seriously hurt the kid. Point is, when you're defending a loved one and that adrenaline kicks in, you just act. Hell maybe he broke a few ribs and thought twice about trying to rape a woman again.
The book is much more disturbing than the film. More violent, graphic, sadistic, there are rodents... The film is like a PG version of the book. And it wasn't the OP's musical taste, it was more his musical knowledge and how he delivered it, a la Bateman's ['Huey Lewis and the News'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzN3qO-qc8U) monologue. Fun fact; Bale based his depiction of Bateman, especially his vacant affect, on Tom Cruise. Something about him seeming 'dead behind the eyes.'
How else am I supposed to keep my coffee hot??
Try adjusting it before the issue occurs. Try to position it in such a way that you get the same results. I don't think this is the cause, however.
Go into BIOS. Turn off Intel Speedstep, or any other CPU throttling settings. Make sure you research what it does before you fuck with it.
Elemenopee?
That's just as ignorant as you claim their actions are... Is it not worth considering it could be one of those things? One of those things that are much more likely than aliens or secret USAF aircraft? I'm not saying that aliens/military craft, etc are out of the realm of possibility, just less likely than the more common IDs. Now if there are certain users who without fail claim 'CHINESE LANTERN' or 'STARLINK', that's a different story. Those people should be ignored.
John McAfee?
&gt; people evacuated Buildings are evacuated, not people. At least, not normally. Edit: Okay, I concede. I was wrong. The traditional use of the word however referred to places or locations. The use case of 'evacuating people' has apparently become acceptable usage of the word. Well, language is constantly evolving. That was my worst attempt at pedantry ever.
McAfee of the antivirus fame is, in addition to being a fucking nutcase, very fond of MDPV. Years ago, he posted a thread on bluelight.ru asking why the new MDPV isn't as good as the older batches. There was more to it, but basically someone deduced that it was him. It was kinda cool to be there during it I guess.
I mean, you can actually use methamphetamine responsibly. they even manufacture pharma grade tablets, Desoxyn. the key is small doses, oral ROA, and no muiti-day binges. That's when the disconnect with reality starts, I've heard. I'm satisfied with my prescription amphetamine salts.
Who the fuck would want to be on meth in jail? The best thing to do is sleep as much as possible. Why would you want to be spun with nothing to do, no privacy to masturbate, no internet for pornography... I imagine after a day or two of incoherent rambling to someone who doesn't care to hear any more will result in a proper ass kickin.
You can use Reddit Enhancement Suite to block people. On PC at least.
Yeah that advert was a response to the whole bluelight fiasco. Then he moved to Belize, and all sorts of shenanigans ensued. He had a lab that got raided, but they never found any drugs. He allegedly killed his neighbor after finding 2 of his dogs had been poisoned. The neighbor had apparently threatened to throw poisoned meat over the fence if he didn't get them to stop barking, or something. the man is almost certainly a lunatic, but if you murder a man's dogs, I see nothing wrong with administering justice.
Fair point. And the answer is usually no, sadly.
remember those little juice bottles shaped like hand grenades? Anybody? Those were like, bootleg KoolAid
So Buffalo Bill?
So you could say those crazy Russians who freerun, jump, stand atop, and dangle from those massive skyscrapers, due to many examples of daring and agility is more likely to reproduce because women find these characteristics attractive? OTOH, he is much more likely to fall off and die. It's pretty much inevitable if he continues for long enough. Could this be considered natural selection on a micro-scale? Does natural selection even differentiate between micro/macro?
Don't forget about the Family!
&gt; the Navy discontinued LSD testing in 2006 after a three-year span of urinalysis testing revealed only four LSD positives among two million samples. Well maybe because it's only detectable in urine for like 5-8 hours if that. Fucking idiots.
Along with that foul fucking Manhattan coffee flavored soda. Yellow label?
Someone with a much better memory than I. I never got a chance to try MDPV at all. And I've done quite a few obscure drugs.
I would love a definiteivee answer as to the make/model of Roland's guns. We know it can shoot .45 Long Colt. There are parts where a loading gate is mentioned, as well as Roland spinning the cylinder and dropping rounds into the chambers. This suggests a swing out style cylinder, but I guess it could be feasible with a loading gate. I think the true answer is SK doesn't know shit about guns. The in-universe answer could be they are the Guns of Eld and are totally unique.
If it's the 'Extreme Edition' it's stupid expensive. Around 2008 I was given a PC with a Core 2 QX6850. Thing was over $2k a few years earlier. this kid was spoiled as shit and got whatever he wanted. But apparently he couldn't buy an overclock.
Game needed more guns.
2 GTS 8800s in SLI and a QX6850
They were probably driving those boats that collided. In both instances where that happened in the last 3 years...
Em's message to Paul was even funnier, talkin about going to this dudes house who said some shit on the internet about Revival. You can even here his GPS in the background.
Fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself.
Because that worked out so well for MGK. Well, maybe it did. Who knows. I DO know today is the first I've heard of Griselda. A listened to a few songs, and some of them are decent, good flow, OK lyrics, but some of them are complete trash.
I got lucky. A kid I knew who was spoiled af gave it to me. He tried to OC it and had no idea what he was doing and thought he fried the thing. After he gave it to me, I was like bro, the whole reason that chip cost $2k is because it has a fucking unlocked multiplier. Babby's first OC and he managed to fuck it up lol.
The fact that you said nobody would know you and your S/O's ex-GF's number leads me to believe that either one or both of your phones are compromised. I would suggest a factory reset on the devices.
After about 4 months of daily ketamine use (around.5-1.5g IM /day) I started having similar symptoms. Mostly heard my name when I was trying to get to sleep, which I know is not uncommon, but it was not something that had ever happened to me. Was feeling 'off' for a month or 2 after cessation of Ketamine usage. Would have these spells of Depersonalization-derealization, and I just felt...wrong for months after stopping. I would have thought it a cumulative effect, but it just kind of happened one day when I was doing a relatively low dose shot. The fans on my friend's PC started sounding louder and louder, as they will after a shot of K, but the sound started to really make me feel unwell. That's the only way to describe it. So I went to another room and just felt wrong. Usually the dose would wear off after an hour, but not this time. I was terrified I really had done it this time and fried my brain. I would say after 1.5-2 months I felt normal again. Since that time I have only done K twice, and both times I was immediately back in tat uncomfortable headspace, thought it didn't linger as long, maybe a few days. I guess after the 3rd time I got the message and never touched K again. Shame, I really wish I could go back to my hole occasionally, but there's no fucking way I would use that stuff again. I stopped shooting dope around 8-9 years ago, and I can honestly say I don't miss it, nor do I have the desire to use at all. I would advise you to take a long break from all recreational substances. Much easier said than done, I know. But at least you can determine whether your symptoms are a result of the drugs or something more. Either way, more chemicals at this point can only effect you negatively. I know stopping is not easy. Shit, it took me a long time to get to the point where I didn't think about getting high anymore. But you should consider this a real wake up call and a sign that yes, you really can fuck your head up, underlying conditions or not. Best of luck.
think of it as your PC is hacked. Someone installed a trojan, and can control /view your screen, turn on camera, make the CD-ROM drive go in and our over and over, lol. changing numbers might solve the issue, but you really want to find out what vulnerability was exploited by this person to get access to you contact lists. Android or iPhone? Either way, if neither of you are tech savvy, take them to a store run by the carrier you use, and tell them what happened. Tell them you want that shit rectified immediately. New SIMs, new numbers, if you want, factory wipe, and an maybe a bit of insinuating that you will find another cell carrier, as they obviously don't care about their customers' data and privacy. This is a bit of a stretch, but if there is more than 1 cell service in your area, they will likely bend over backwards to keep you. If met with resistance, ask for 'Customer Retention'. They actually have the ability to resolve issues Tier 1 support cannot.
Good point. I imagine that, internally for someone with Anti-Social PD, operating on a human being is no different than me trying to fix a computer or other machine. And that's probably why they tend to be excellent surgeons. I mean, who gets nervous fixing a piece of tech?
"and if you ask reaal nice, he might just swing by the 7-11 and get you a pack of smokes.' For indulging in other vices without leaving the comfort of your own couch, try out our sister company, 'Drug Plug'!
Because it's either, 'finish the remaining 1/3 pint even though I'm kinda full' or 'get up to put remaining (now down to)1/4 pint in the freezer'. At that point, you've made your decision whether you know it already or not.
&gt; Maybe the groper is an opportunist and thinks his theme park ticket that cost a fortune entitles him to manhandle the girl. Even if it explicitly allowed that.... 'The bearer of this instrument is entitled to grope, i.e. touch, cup, make hand to breast contact with character not to exceed 3 times in a 4 hour period.....' Even then, why would you want to?! That's wt I'm trying to comprehend here. If you wanna grope some tits, go to the fucking titty bar, not one of the wold's most popular *family* vacation destinations. To your point, I could see there being merit to the groper rationalizing his behavior as acceptable by convincing himself she's not a real person, only a Disney character. She knew what she signed up for....etc, etc.
People. what a bunch of bastards! Seriously though, the facades, and the effects I see executed with paint never ceased to impress me when I'd go to Disney World. Truly incredible how with the right color, shading and texture, a concrete pillar becomes a natural stone column, mortar lines and all. So props! I'll see myself out now.
'And don't forget to do the mating calls this time, dammit!' YEE*YEE*!
Yeah baby they like it raw.
Nah that's cause they weren't conducting themselves properly.
