6 years from now this sub will still be talking about AB lol
Gotta farm that reddit karma man
I don’t think this is true. Where in the video are there not any fumes at all coming from the red car? Even when he’s spinning out of control there’s fumes.
Just being honest, the red car’s exhaust is smoking the entire time. Even when he’s spinning out of control it’s smoking. He could have so much carbon build up that whenever the car is cruising or accelerating, it smokes. You can tell even right as the UPS driver is changing lanes into the passing lane, there’s smoke coming out.
I’m a sales Consultant at CarMax. All I can say is don’t get your hopes up too much yet. There have been countless amount of times where we transfer in vehicles and they always get some sort of transportation damage and then we have to take weeks to get parts and repair it and it delays the entire process. Hopefully everything works out smoothly for you.
Foot
Using a license player database, it’s a 88 Prelude Si
Pm’d
Probably. I have the Sport Sedan and it has chrome
Once the adapter is in the socket, twist it until it locks in place. There’s a reason the socket has things on the side
Yeah I don’t think you can either. A lot of other manufacturers do 0% but that’s because they have a hard time selling their cars lol (Ford for example). Honda has no issue selling cars. However I think the 1.9% was for March only.
Idk man, undercover boss made it look nice
Look at this [one](https://www.reddit.com/r/iamverybadass/comments/c0slz2/showing_emotion_from_an_injury_youre_weak/er8gwc9/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app)
This car is worth like 5K now. It’s not really that hard to afford.
Also work for CarMax. If you’re in the same state you should be able to transfer it just fine. Call the store for a sales Consultant.
Pm’d
It’s not 360 degrees. It just shows a birds eye view of the back of your bumper.
Typo
Indeed! Pleasanton
That’s funny 😂😂 hey us salesmen need to have a life too right?
Funny enough it’s still available, expected it to be gone after a few days!
I think it has to do with the way we price them. This particular one is a 2017 and it’s 38k. They MSRP for 35k, I know dealers hardly sell these at MSRP but it still makes much more sense to go brand new.
Only 3k more 😉
$400 for a preseason game..?
Imo Switzer is easily replaceable as a turner. He made many mistakes returning. Including the one on the safety.
I guess, but there was also many instances where Switzer misjudged where the ball was gonna go so he let it bounce into the 10.
Is that how it works? I thought at crossfunction stores you had to work different positions in the same day, not different days.
Doubt it. Gave up 45 points to Blake Bortles.
Yea, the dealership
I got the sport because I needed CarPlay. I didn’t get it for “performance”. Also didn’t wanna pay the premium for an EX when there’s very few differences between the Sport and EX.
Capital one?
I don’t know what sort of Android phone you used from 2012, but now a days they run near flawless. Not biased in any way either, I have a XS Max.
Write a follow up in a few months when half your keys don’t work.
CarMax.
If you’re getting a custom plate it takes about 3 months unfortunately. Ordered this way back in March.
I’m actually able to lift the side panels out a little bit and snake my cable router through but it’s a really tight fit, so I was thinking that maybe there’s an easy way of just removing the sides. Oh well.
Do you have the strips for the back seats as wel? If so, did you mount the strips underneath the driver and passenger seats just fine with adhesive?
Nah, it’s a sport but I debadged the back because I think it looks better.
I love it honestly. Went from an 04 to a 14 (that got totaled after a few months), then decided to go brand new and get a 19.
I am sure. Lol
Prematurely. It’s cringe because of how fast people move at such a young age. I’m the same age but damn.
It fits the sub so I decided to upload it. Sorry I didn’t think I had to explain
In all honesty if I could redo things, I’d refinery get an Accord. The newer ones are so much nicer.
Can you play this offline? Isn’t it an online only game? Sorry, haven’t been following the news.
Ever heard of stubhub?
Anyone have luck converting this to a NSP? Tried converting the XCI to NSP on windows and it spat out a 65 mb file.
Wow I’m autistic
It’s only difficult it’s been on for a couple years. I’ve had my 2019 for three months and it was absolutely effortless to twist them and I’m not strong at all. I’m actually surprised they didn’t come off in a car wash or something.
Thankfully I was able to route the led strip underneath without disassembling anything g. Just a couple pry tools and my long set of bolt grabbers. Only took a minute. Thanks for your help though!
I’m surprised he didn’t break any bones
Thanks man! It only took a few hours to properly hide all the cables, but I came from a Ford Fusion that had these and missed them dearly so I decided to give it a shot. I’m not an expert by an means either.
A kit. Total came out to around $40. The LED strip on Amazon was about $15 but I paid $25 for a hardwire kit to the fuse box because I didn’t wanna have to take up a USB port and it was also a much cleaner install.
I own a sedan but I’m gonna lean towards the hatch. So there’s no bias results from me.
You should. It’s a really easy mod.
Here’s the [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/civic/comments/c6ab7c/back_at_it_again_with_a_new_mod_for_you_guys/es7i94g/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app) with the products that I used. Wasn’t too hard, hardest thing was shaking the cables underneath the panels to hide the wiring.
The Sport comes standard with leather for the armrest
I see you 🤔 they don’t look really any different than mine but the garage opener sounds cool
It is true, for all the Sport sedans. I have one.
I might be the only one in the sub who doesn’t get the obsession with parking next to a similar car
CarMax doesn’t sell bumper to bumper warranties. Their warranties are super similar to manufacturer warranties, in fact they even let you bring the vehicle to a dealership and they’ll pay the dealership. Manufacturer extended warranties aren’t bumper to bumper either.
I have the Sport and I highly recommend it. Has CarPlay and Android Auto. Rims instead of hubcaps, and a nicer interior with the leather stitching.
Why is she driving 40 mph in a parking lot
I always have recirculating on, but why is it bad when it’s off?
We don’t deserve Keanu Reeves
Maybe he wanted to upload it via reddit mobile?
Wtf is this mess
Is your radiator behind the intake fans? Is it okay to do that?
That’s very creative cable management
Sounds like a bad power supply
I would never get this lucky. I can hardly win more than $2 on a lottery ticket.
Honestly. We have two inexperienced QBs and we didn’t have anyone coaching them properly? Wtf?
It’s amazing how we have someone for challenges but no one to coach our fucking quarterbacks
Lmao the idiot on the left put the month tag on the opposite side
You’re really bottlenecking that card man. I had a i5-6500 and it bottlenecked the card hard. Once I got a 6700k, it made my frame rates so much higher
That fan is pulling air not pushing. It’s facing the right way.
No it won’t be. He definitely needs front case fans
Please for the love of god get a different case ASAP. Without front case fans and horrible air flow, you’re going to kill the components in your PC and you have a great CPU so you need to quickly get a new case.
This is a $2400 machine at the very least. Nobody should just “deal” with it and most people’s ports don’t look like this.
Why don’t you do these inspections before purchasing the car? They’re going to cut you off eventually if you keep getting cars and returning them. It’s not hard to notice a smell or something similar when you test drive it
Yea honestly. It’s only a couple months away and the resale value on these models will tank
I didn’t know bent pins resulted in lower performance
You just uploaded this But To exit Magnifier quickly, press the Windows logo key + Esc
I really hope the Pats get knocked out because Gilmore’s face annoys me so much
The titans are trying to be the bills today oddly enough
The titans are digging their own grave here if the patriots get on to their side of the field
Gilmore has the most punchable face in the league
This titans team is going to fucking choke
The Miami Dolphins made this all possible
WE DID IT AMERICA
THANK YOU MIAMI DOLPHINS
Now I’m really glad we didn’t make the playoffs
Honestly. Most QBs play him once every like three or four years. This is a bad stat to look at. It’s also like saying Ryan Leaf has thrown more yards than any rookie QB this season.
If this was the case then the PC wouldn’t get far into the boot up..
They’re wrong. The others don’t need to be reprogrammed. I only brought them one key fob and when I got home, the other two basic fobs still worked.
Hey man, a bot could definitely use awards more than us real users
All of these people getting gold, yet I’ll be the only one to not get it.
It’s all ogre now.
We don’t know that yet. While they seem more reliable than previous gens, we don’t know how this laptop will be one year from now. It’s only been out around 4 or 5 months I think.
YTA This has to be a troll right?
NTA. Why the hell do people use throwaways? If one of those people read this wouldn’t they immediately think “oh hm this person is using a throwaway and this exact situation just happened.”
Gotcha. Makes sense in that scenario.
If you go to his Twitter, literally EVERYONE still makes jokes about it in his posts lmao
F
This post is wrong for the most part. - the warranty is far from useless. It’s one of the best in the business and I know quite a few handful of people that have been saved from it. You fail to justify why it’s useless and in no way does the warranty increase your APR. Maybe you interpreted it wrong. - the fees do vary by state, not location. All Virginia locations are going to have the same fee, while the stores in MD have a different fee but it’s consistent from throughout the state. - Interest rates DO NOT vary by location. They vary by vehicle. No matter what location you’re at, it gets sent to the same banks. Your interest rate may have been lower in Maryland because the vehicle there may have had less miles or been somewhat newer. Don’t forget that the financial decisions are vehicle specific. This is from someone who’s bought multiple cars from them and use to work there for quite awhile.
https://mobile.twitter.com/StefanEtienne?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor
Ugh what..?
Did you need to upload this back to back times?
I wouldn’t leave it plugged in all the time. While most people will tell you “It’ll be fine because it stops charging” this isn’t necessarily true. I once had a 2015 MBP and left it plugged in all the time, literally 24/7, and the battery went to shit six months later because the lithium battery was just always at 100%. Hell even Apple implemented a feature into iOS to delay your phone reaching 100% for a reason.
Pretty bad since today and tomorrow are my days off
Nothing will beat the Lions sub
That’s only if the car is completely stopped for more than 3 seconds which in my Bay Area commute, typically works pretty well.
Depends. What kind of model and trim is your car
You can literally hide them anywhere since there’s no moving disk or any moving parts.
When did you guys first get into the lifestyle of hotwifing?
Yea man we know. We read the same post
IM ORGASMING OMG
&gt; Ravens have a 23 year old MVP RB FTFY
My team died for this, but it’s okay
No fun league
What a *sad* day
Man I feel so bad for those fans in purple...
Lol it’s an auction. Starting bid is at $25 for a salvage car which means the car sustained major damage from an accident. The top bidder gets the car. So no, it’s no where near $25.
Shhh they were our only hope of destroying the Pats
If the titans lose this game then the city of Tennessee deserves to lose their team
I thought it was a clear and obvious joke. Apparently not.
Crying
F
That sounds like the Lions alright
Didn’t he also play poorly In the playoffs last year too? Maybe they should’ve kept Flacco for the playoffs
This. Came here to say this.
Sales staff were probably standing around doing nothing because they were waiting for their appraisals to get done too and they can only take one at a time. Maybe next time schedule an appointment?
The battery is covered by the warranty.
iOS is known for being really buggy
This post is cringe. He made over 60 million dollars and retired. What is there to respect about it? He knew the dangers of football when he got drafted and decided to face those risks for a large reward. He got a shit ton of money, nice. He knows that he can retire and live off that money forever.
Welcome to reddit.
Apple wants to make bank by offering Apple care +
Read the edit
YTA. You got a $45 credit and didn’t tip?
Sure he can play until age 40. He never has to worry about playing until December every year
Then what..
Any reason why you didn’t wait less than two months to buy the 2020 model with the better keyboard and other new features?
Any reason you didn’t wait less than two months to get the new 2020 model with the new scissor keyboard?
I can honestly guarantee you this will not happen. They would be competing against their own product and lowering sales of their iPads.
You still have time to return it!
How are you activating 8 cores on a quad core machine? This doesn’t make any sense
What’s so funny? Are you laughing at the fact that OP might make Apple or Goldman Sachs go bankrupt and force close all of our accounts?
You don’t think most people want a reliable laptop? There’s a reason why you’re finding that laptop for as cheap as a brand new one, because the reliability is ass which makes them cheap to buy. Sure it’s great now, but I know I don’t want to have to go to the Apple store every single year to have the keyboard replaced and be without a laptop for a long period. If the keyboards are fine, then why is Apple switching back to its old design?
Jeez talk about no faith in your team.
“Nobody gives up on the chiefs” *fan leaves after being down 24-0*
Stealth bomber incoming
I hate this annoying college yodeling
Why are there no chiefs fans in their seats anymore?
Nantz: “and just like that, half the stadium is in disbelief and walking to their cars.”
I hate the Chiefs
Bench Tanny for Mariota. You won’t.
I just realized the Tennessee fucking Titans are in the AFC Championship
You have been automatically banned from r/nfl.
No balls
Fuck Kansas City. They don’t even play in Kansas
But that’s not where the stadium is located
End of the first quarter let’s gooo!
Because their team is losing
I hope Chiefs fans brought their Titans jerseys
Shrek
They’re probably talking about because it looked like Maholmes was going out of bounds, if they shoved him then it would’ve been a penalty
Wait what, Hill didn’t win it?
60 after 74
This game is over
Yes we get it. This has been reposted 1000 times now
There’s literally no chance at all packers win this game. Niners may as well start celebrating because this game is 100% done
Kelce number 1 imo
Imagine having a defense so bad that the opposing QB has 8 passes and you’re getting blown out
Nanananana
Aaron Rodgers will forever be cursed until he apologizes to his parents.
Any approximation for when they stop the virtual queue? I’m going the last week of February and don’t want to have to rely on this 😞
This has to be fake right? No one would act that way
Ah yes, the simpler times.
You noobs use a mouse pad?
1. Go to google 2. Type “2014 civic cvt cap” 3. See the hundreds at the top of the screen to buy.
It’s good but as usual, shipping charges are ridiculously high.
I thought you can book anywhere as long as you scan through the gates first
You’re*
Driven in both. SF is much worse because of the way the streets are. It’s also horrible leaving the fucking city in rush hour because everyone is relying on the same bridge.
There was also nobody in front of him before he got cut off. What if another car decided to do the same while he was turned around?
Funny how nobody gives a shit about Eli until he retires
Because it’s a $400 laptop. Jesus Christ this sub
And that’s why it’s $400.. maybe check out other Asus products that are in the Pro range.
As someone who’s had to take their 2018 in 4 times, you’ll love it. Everytime I go get it repaired, I walk out with at least $250 in accessories. The keyboard issues give me an excuse to go to the Apple store anyways. Enjoy!
Replied
Replied and invoice sending Rn Edit: invoice paid!
Wow that sounds awesome! Thanks :)
Thanks for the comment!!
I’d love to do that but this for a class in school and the instructions say to use the round function haha
Thank you!
PC building isn’t too hard. I’d say the hardest things are - plugging the 24 pin mobo cable in - installing the heat sink since some are really funky - install the little individual case headers
Ah yes I made that rookie mistake once. Fucking hell.
It’s a random project file that was assigned for my Excel class. It’s making me utilize a bunch of simple functions.
I have to use salesforce for work and I hate it.
Greetings from Stanislaus county
My accord has android 5.0 lmao
No
Of course :) the card also runs cooler too and isn’t as bulky
This is getting annoying
Stop spreading fake news
Quite certainly this.
Holy shit you got it
Just shows how garbage AMD drivers are. Returned mine the day after buying it last week because I crashed 4 times in one day.
I like being at Disneyland, not Star Wars Land.
Replied Invoice sent.
That’s a hell of good trade actually
Why would the Colts take a step back with their QB situation?
Every gas station has free air compressors. You just have to ask them to turn it on
I’m an A’s fan too :)
Next time go up to the main booth area and ask them to turn it on. They all work the same way. As long as you’re getting gas from them, they’ll turn them on for free.
Replied
Replied
Replied. Invoice paid.
thisss
Yes because it’s a claim. Unless you have a plate number, it’s a claim.
Language barrier indeed. You don’t pay a deductible if it’s the other persons fault.
I’m 13 and mines better 😎
This is a horrible idea. You can just do a fresh install of windows for free in the settings menu.
It really isn’t. What’s your CPU and GPU?
When you back out, are you turning your wheel? You’re going to scrape your bumper 100/100 times if you pull out straight.
OP might be fucked since all the pins are missing.
Holy cable management
Disconnect the battery for 10 seconds
I owned this card last week. I had four driver crashes in a day.
Hopefully :) I got a 2070 Super. I’m excited to see what over 60 FPS feels like!
Is there really any harm showing just a city and zip code?
Isn’t the most up to date one the most stable one? I spent hours trying to troubleshoot and nothing worked.
It is very expensive because of the Honda sensing. The cameras have to be recalibrated.
Feels like it’s coming from directly under my feet in the footwell so I’d say driver side
Imagine waking up early for now on just to see a computer wallpaper.
My store near me has it but it says it’ll ship by June 8
Yes you do. Congrats!
Disagree. Apple is actually pretty well priced compared to its competition
That’s a good way to look at it. Most people don’t need AppleCare as long as you’re not rough with it
Rumor is July
It’s not just the 10th Gen processor. You’re getting 16 GB of 3733 MHz RAM vs 8 GB 2133, better speakers, more ports, and an additional cooling fan.
The 8th gen chip as well as the 10th Gen chip both run at the same TDP so it’s the same for thermals. Both chips will reach 100 C easily but the $1799 model is better in terms of cooling and keeping the temp down compared to the 8th gen model
Can it play running back?
If they are, spots will have to be open in between seats
I imagine it’s because it’s an inconvenience to move everything once you’re settled in
Lol okay, sure
Highly doubt it. No way Apple would release it that quick
Make sure you have Apple price match with Best Buy since it’s $200 off there and they will price match up to 10% off.
This.
Bro same lol
Fucking roasted
That’s a very scary looking eye
Can people not protest in the middle of the highway?
Pshhh have you ever removed a DVI connector from a USB port? Now that’s tough
Get the 2020 Pro at Best Buy right now for $1099.
Yea I listed that
We all have those days lol, no worries
Thanks bud
No. You need the touring version of the Odyssey, Accord, or Insight.
Still in stock https://www.bestbuy.com/site/apple-macbook-pro-13-display-with-touch-bar-intel-core-i5-8gb-memory-256gb-ssd-latest-model-space-gray/6287705.p?skuId=6287705
At least one of the white guys tried to stop it
Have you tried scanning the QR code
The team was also paid to injure players..
What’s going on with the right eye?
“Subscriptions will be charged to your credit card through your iTunes account. Your subscription will automatically renew unless cancelled within 24 hours. You will NOT be able to cancel the subscription once activated.” Lmao fuck that!
This would’ve been funny if there was actually two missing
Hmm do I get this monitor or do I get a 2080 Ti
Bro this thing is like 3 monitors combined. You’ll get by with just one
I’m not trying to be an ass but this thing is probably worth $150-$200. A perfectly working 2012 MacBook Pro goes for around $300 and this is a year older with a non working keyboard. $500 can get you a 2014 or 2015 MacBook Pro in great condition.
You honestly don’t even need a multimeter. I’ve dine a bunch of these for different cars and have never even used or needed one. So it’s not worth buying one if you’re just using it for this. I put my fuse tap into the accessory slot so anytime the vehicle is on, the camera will start
Yes it is safe. I honestly don’t recommend going for a constant 12V because it’ll drain your car battery. I know there are cameras out there that have “low battery protection” but I’ve never heard good things about them since I’ve seen numerous times of leaving people with a dead battery if the car isn’t on for a week (Again, this is what I read online but I didn’t want to take any risks with a dead battery). A lot of good quality cameras out there have a built in gyroscope so if the camera detects any movement while the car is off, the little transistor inside the camera can power the device for a minute to at least record the plate number or the vehicle that hit yours. Good luck!
AUKEY Dash Cam, 1080P Dashboard Camera Recorder, 6-Lane 170 Degree Wide Angle Lens, Supercapacitor, G-Sensor and Clear Nighttime Recording https://www.amazon.com/dp/B072FGL63X/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_sEu2Eb3DR91YQ
I have enough credit cards 😂 Edit; why do I get downvoted everytime I say I don’t want your stupid credit card
I really wouldn’t say it’s that rare. There’s a lot of people I know that use Apple Pay to buy things in apps.
Don’t recommend keyboard covers. Can damage the screen and Apple recommends to not use them
What exactly do you mean? How do I apply it post sale?
Don’t give up your 2020 pro for a 2019. Garbage keyboard
Wasn’t this just posted a couple days ago and hit the front page?
Ark is next week. It was just delayed.
I thought TR4 had no pins
Hello from Modesto!
How did you even build your PC lol
Bro this was just on the front page last week
Thank you!
Thank you!
The $1799 MacBook Pro that’s on sale for $1599!
Looks like the pending transaction disappeared now! Was just a little confused since I always go this Chevron and have never had this happen before
You’ll get there!
In the event you only want one hour of battery life
Exactly. 3% wouldn’t have matched the amount of savings I got from Best Buy
I hate when posters show off like this but don’t address how they got it to so cheap.
Haha Laura this is so true and so funny! Thanks for sharing. - Lisa
I just wanna know why Geoffrey isn’t in the tell all
I’m only buying a Pro for the touchbar. So make that two people
Ah gotcha. I assume this could take until tomorrow? Package says it’ll be delivered tomorrow but I really wanted it today, it’s not a necessity though.
No I get you completely, I don’t want to do that route if it makes it more inconvenient for the driver. Thanks for your help 😊
Also do you know how I can contact the customer center? It seems there’s just a generic 800 UPS number tied to the customer center on Google and the automated message is saying due to COVID 19, there’s no one I can speak with
Unpopular opinion but I hated twisted pair. Maybe it has to do with the entire movie being shot at night, but it was just so boring. The first 30 minutes or so there’s hardly any dialogue. I do love the Breen screen effects though but that’s all it had going for it. Fateful Findings was by far the best
Why wouldn’t it...?
It’s funny because installing the kraken cooler was the easiest ever. I was like “just screw four screws and that’s it?”
No it won’t, Apple uses proprietary drives and these will not work.
Hm. I made a 3k payment the other day and it went through instantly
I think you’re right about the bank account part. I remember when I first got the Apple Card, my limit took days to reset and show a payment go through. Now it’s instant and it’s amazing
Thanks!
Ohhhh gotcha lmao. Sorry, haven’t had my coffee yey
Thank you for your knowledge!
No
I don’t understand the point of this “tool”. If I put that I have no symptoms, it still tells me to social distance and quarantine
You don’t need cooling on an arm based machine.
Why do I need an app to tell me the same exact thing whether I have symptoms or not
So I just wanna say I picked the $1799 model up and I noticed exactly what you mentioned about the keyboard. It feels much worse than my gf’s Air and I’m also a bit salty about it. I don’t see any other source confirming this except for us, and I previously doubted you
I’ve built 7 and have never had one not start up the first time
Nope not at all. Works beautifully
A lot of cast members are getting paid more on unemployment. None would want to return even if the virus went away completely
No, it’s the 2020. Her keys have a lot of travel but they feel stiffer than mine. I used to have a butterfly keyboard Mac as well and I hated those, but our keyboards feel nothing alike to those
Did you get the $1799 model? Also please do keep me updated! This person also said the same thing and I thought they were crazy. https://www.reddit.com/r/mac/comments/ghwjve/macbook_air_2020_vs_macbook_pro_2020/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
It’s got 52k on it. 15k is more reasonable
Thanks for your feedback!
They won’t deny it.
This makes me wonder if there are two companies producing their keyboards then Also are you saying the Air’s felt more sturdy or the Pro’s?
Maybe just sell it to CarMax for 14.5 and you don’t have to worry about meeting up with people, negotiating, etc
Where do you keep returning all these computers to lol? Surprised they haven’t cut you off 😂
I shall wait for BB to get more stock. I bought the $1799 model on sale for $1599 from them but now they’re out of stock everywhere. Once they restock I’ll exchange it. Hopefully I get a good keyboard... mine feels like garbage
My keys basically feel loose but it’s how the entire keyboard feels. Her keyboard feels stiffer and much more premium. A little disappointed since mine feels so cheap.
My keys basically feel loose but it’s how the entire keyboard feels. Her keyboard feels stiffer and much more premium. A little disappointed since mine feels so cheap.
Nice 911, what year?
I get where you’re coming from, but the feeling between the two is very obvious and I only uploaded this video of the sound to show that there is a difference between the two keyboards and i wouldn’t expect QC issues like this on a $1799 machine.
Not necessarily. They said that about the original proposal but they’re negotiating by removing certain things that the act originally promised.
This is the exact way to describe it. Watch my video that I uploaded last night and you can hear the differences. My pro feels and sounds springy
Def totaled
Breaking news: Apple plans to release new iPhones and Macs this year
It’s supposed to sound like this. Trust me. I have a 2020 Pro and my gf has a 2020 Air and they sound like this. The noise you’re hearing is the Taptic Engine since when you press down, it provides a vibration rather than a click since these trackpads don’t click. That’s why if the computer is off, you can’t click the trackpad.
I can tell you didn’t even read the article so I’ll give you a TLDR; Titan is moving away at 4 inches per year rather than .04.
Looks like it’s dropping frames if anything
Not true. The old one doesn’t deactivate till the new one is activated
Thanks KomputingKobe
Got a defective keyboard so now I’m waiting till a locks BB has one in stock 😆 just my luck.. hope you enjoy yours! Waiting was so hard
Thanks! Enjoy yours!
Right, but it’s not what Apple calls it anymore. OS X was all cats while macOS is all mountains
It’s referred to now as macOS. MacOS is what brought the new icons and all that
Got me there
It is. Not sure why they didn’t keep the name as OS X
I say UPS
Can you tell us why you go on YouTube to your 11M subscribers and cry that you’ve been discriminated against and have been treated unfairly all your life despite having a better life than all of us?
The i3 in the 2020 is faster than the i5 in the 2019. The keyboard is also much better the base storage is 256 GB. Also don’t forget you get 3733 MHz of RAM TLDR; 2020 hands down
I go to his Twitter once a week just to read the replies. I laugh my ass off everytime
Christmas game against the Ravens
Yum buffalo wild wings
Pretty dang good ngl
I love the look of the PS5
That’s what the guy at my Best Buy said 🙄 talk about scummy
Long click the maximize button or buy magnet
Gotcha. Yea that model had the actual trackpad that clicks. These literally don’t go down at all, enjoy your machine!
With the song “Let the bodies hit the floor” playing in the background
I ordered from Best Buy and as soon as they get stock in, I’ll be exchanging it. We spent so much on these machines that it’s unacceptable. Don’t settle.
How is $1599 close to $2050 for refurbished?
They aren’t coming out this year
🧂
We shall see
You have to understand that given the current economy, the last thing Goldman Sachs wants to do is give their credit cards out to people who are like 20 with barely any history.
I’m not sure what used PC you can build for $300 that would play games at 4K 30
I don’t agree with his langauge but I do agree that he purposely includes the dog with every gaming picture for extra upvotes. His one post without the dog got the fewest likes
Not in his last season
You’re right. For some odd reason I thought he wore it up in his last season
I have the same issue with the inside door seal coming off super easy. Have to push it back in about once a month
Didn’t even try. I just bought a Kraken
Yes it is
That’s common. Even if you get 32 GB your Mac will use around 22 so theoretically 16 wouldn’t be “enough”
Seems quicker to scrub through the ad rather than take the time to position the cursor after com and insert a period and refresh.
I can’t sell AirPods for $150. I’ll probably only get $120
Update to my comment. I got fed up and returned it and drove 100 miles away to get a new one since that was the closest store. Boy am I happy now. Keyboard feels a million times better. Think I was just unlucky and got a bad model. I noticed the other model also wobbled on a flat table while this one doesnt
John Fisher
Truth be told most cast members want to stay home because of unemployment pay
I bet they extend it at least an extra few months
Overall though, aside from that one key, I’m very very happy with it. The key doesn’t really bother me compared to how much the other laptop in general bothered me
I drove a total of 210 miles yesterday to pick mine up at an Apple store
This is why people pay extra for Apple /s
High end computers can barely support this game. How would the switch be able to?
Ryan Switzer would’ve returned it 2 yards
It’s going to take more than 2 years to build it anyways
Alright I just unsubscribed from this sub
What if it’s a kid?
Why should we use the exFAT update if our SD is formatted as FAT32?
Why not wait two months for the new iPhone?
Suck*
Not worried about JuJu but don’t really have confidence in Connor. Even the games he plays in, he leaves in the 2nd or 3rd quarter
That sounds very odd considering it’s only about a 5-10 frame rate difference. I would have to guess yours is defective if you other people are getting much better performance with worse GPUs
I went to Winco here in norcal and not even the workers were wearing masks. Not a single one. I’ve lost hope
Why would you want to put an unreliable engine in it and it definitely wouldn’t be worth the cost
Commented
!Remind me 4 months
Literally zero differences between the 2018 and 2020
Wait magic bands aren’t going to be free anymore at the resorts?
This is disappointing. I live in Cali and plan on going to Disney world for the first time in either November or next year and was really excited to experience the magic bands. I’ll pay for them but I hope this doesn’t mean that they plan on phasing them out
I wouldn’t be mad if we got rid of all coins. I hate carrying cash as it is. Just round up or down to the nearest dollar
&gt; She probably does. You’re right
Why did this post get so many likes
They only match up to 10% off at local competitors. They won’t even price match amazon or Costco. I’m assuming they’d only match B&amp;H if there’s a nearby B&amp;H store to you
Wooo wooo woooo wooo! *random eye flickering*
That’s because graphic artists are able to sculpt him to what they desire. Of course he’s going to have a better beard than you and most of us
What kind of boxers is he wearing?
HOLY SHIT ITS CALLED IOS 14
Finally getting widgets 12 years later 😄
Yael was making millions a year for something we could’ve all programmed at home, Siri was so shit
Then don’t
I’ll stick with a key. That seems like it would take too long especially if you need to unlock all four doors
A lot of these are already a part of android
So why does an incoming call still need to take up my entire screen? You already said Siri is clunky so why not bring that change over to the phone app? Edit: holy shit he heard me
You would think they would show it though considering they showed Siri. Hopefully it’s changed
Can we keep it this format forever? This is much better than the original and everyone clapping for no reason
I miss Johnny Ive 😢
Can I do Fortnite dances
No yes
You’re crazy. It’ll perform much better than current intel chips
Here in Cali it was like 23.5k and that was the lowest I could get it for
No. I moved like 1.5k of negative equity over so I think it was like 26-27k afterwards
That’s pretty good if it’s brand new, I say go for it if you’re happy with the color
Have you ever used an iPhone 4 on iOS 7? They need to stop when it causes the phone to be unusable
He’s talking about how big the orb gets when you speak
Catalina is still buggy lol
This is the same score my i5 got lol
I don’t think adding widgets to the home screen 12 years too late was to give you the best version of it. Though it’s good to finally see it...
Non C6 owner here, but I would assume it’s a Z06 issue since I’ve seen quite a few of these base models with 200k on the odometer
It’s literally not Nintendo selling them lol
Not Lays potato chips you can’t /s
Lolz get rekt
Can’t wait to pop into a library, turn my computer on, and have this blaring out of my speakers
Don’t forget to go into the BIOS to enable XMP
Wipr
OP is an idiot
iOS is iPhone. You’re referring to macOS. And no you can’t. The most you can do is make a small partition for Mac and leave the rest to bootcamp
It’ll ask how you much gbs you wanna give to windows and just make it the max. There should be tutorials on YouTube too
I have a 2020 13” as well and the battery life is indeed shit. I just got it last week and haven’t used it much so hopefully it’ll improve..
There’s nothing wrong with that fan other than it being loud. It performs about the same as a hyper 212 evo
How long have you had it? It’s usually hot for the first day or two because it’s indexing
I love how excited the commentators were as he was shaking off defenders, oh wait..
Reminds me of my MW2 days
Next Friday
Hey Ken, From what I just heard, baseball will begin on July 24th. Sincerely, Austin
I’m just excited to see the first pitch thrown in spring training lol
This isn’t what I F5 for
Yep next Friday
I wish somebody took away Beane’s trading ability that season
I feel bad for being the only one who laughed
How tf is Popeyes only a D? I love that place so damn much And Papa Johns a B!?
Nail salons aren’t essential, gyms aren’t essential, movie theaters aren’t, yet they’re all reopening too bud. Everything is reopening at this point. No where did I threaten anybody either. If you’re so worried, then don’t return back to work. Everyone else is being forced to go back to work whether they’re essential or not and I know a lot of other cast members are really excited to return.
Just saying, millions of other people out there rather be in your shoes returning back to work. Cast members are easily replaceable and the longer Disney waits, the longer the company will suffer. This is something Disney has to do and they’re going about this very appropriately and safely, yet people are criticizing them without even working a day under the new restrictions.
The cases are rising expediently because people are refusing to wear masks and are protesting without wearing them. Universal has been handling this well and they haven’t had a single person test positive yet.
Man this season is gonna be a train wreck lol
Why is your age relevant or is this just what people on reddit do now?
Old news
Welp this is going to hurt the company long term now. I expect a lot of future projects to get cancelled now
You realize Disneyland cancelled their reopening because the state of California wasn’t going to inform them until after July 4th right? Disney World already got approval
I work in retail sales and it’s not that bad. People are over exaggerating yet will go out without a mask
Well considering they earned 20 billion from their parks in 2018...
Oh no, what am I going to do!? 😰😰😰😰
Man I can’t stand this whole debate regarding this situation. In this case, people are saying it’s racist towards minorities since they’re not required to wear masks, but if it was the opposite and it was mandatory for minorities to wear masks while it wasn’t for whites, people would still say it’s racist towards minorities.
Good thing baseball is my 3rd favorite sport
I’m from California, here the cast members did NOT work after March 20th, especially due to Newsom’s shelter in place orders. Disney paid about $60 million to all its employees to pay them until April 20th, where they stopped paying them because it would benefit them more to be getting $1040 a week from unemployment, at least here in California. Have a great day 😊
You always flag non skipable ads even if nothing is wrong with them? You’re part of the problem as to why YouTube’s system sucks since they can’t look at people reporting the real issues with ads. If a lot of people are just reporting every ad then YouTube knows that it can’t have an actual person look over every inquiry.
I’m pretty sure I said almost but regardless they paid their employees longer than 99% of other companies
If it’s such a well known fact then I wonder why I can’t find it on google
Well can’t wait to see you in a couple weeks 👋
Can you imagine all the seagull shit that’ll be on them after just a couple days?
&gt; God I miss a good ballpark *sigh*
Dibs on Marlins!
No shit Disney is going to pause it’s intern program during a crisis like this and when the company is losing billions. What about the cast members and performers that have been “fired”?
I’ve been Disneyland about a hundred times but never Walt Disney world. I’m so damn excited to ride expedition Everest and the Aerosmith ride
I bet space mountain is next so instead of being in the dark we will have the lights on
I would expect that with a 2080 Ti you would already
Did Disney go back on what they said about magic bands? I just booked January 30th-February 5th and it let me order free magic bands
Just made a trip for January 30th 2021 and it couldn’t have been easier to make a reservation
They’re going to stop giving them out for free for resort guests starting January 1st
Soooo much better. I’m much happier tbh
I just made a reservation for January 30th and placed my order for the free magic bands
Why don’t you just buy it off the PlayStation store?
I miss making it to a super bowl
Made my trip for February and it gave me the option to get free magic bands so I ordered them. Confused since Disney said this wouldn’t be an option for reservations with a check in beyond January
I believe for your second concern, you just have to right click and sort by name. Then it should automatically fill in the gaps when you delete things. Like I said, I could be wrong but it’s definitely on google if you search it
I have no idea why nobody is saying Amazon. I’ve never had amazon once reject a return and it’s always been zero hassle. Plus the Amazon return window is double than Apple’s.
I love Pete, especially with his rants lmao
Isn’t that the the most common combo?
Autopia is racist. Please change it Disney
I’m confused as to why they let her shop and then got to the very end and they told her she can’t checkout. Why wouldn’t they tell her upfront when she walks in or if an employee passed her down the aisle Also I’m definitely not defending her but I just think that’s weird
That’s what she wanted to do
Isn’t it possible though that with such a rushed vaccine, it may do absolutely nothing? Genuine question
Thanks!
I must be the only one who likes getting stuck on TLM and haunted mansion
As much as I like guardians, the theming of ToT was far superior
Yeah they’ve changed so much in the last few years that HS is way above California adventure imo. When you have ToT, Rock n Roll roller coaster, galaxys edge, toy story land, AND Mickey and Minnie runaway railroad, it’s wayyyyy better than it used to be
I don’t have this issue so I wouldn’t say it’s common
Just because someone with a darker skin is involved doesn’t make it racist
It will be if you make a key stick
Enter me in please!
Nice? That car literally has a 90’s interior and it isn’t modern by any means. Meth does a lot to you and she probably assumed it was hers hence asking how they got it. What is it with everyone turning everything into racism?
Good bot, I couldn’t read the title
You guys realize Apple is supporting Intel for another 6-8 years right? No way in hell would they sell a 55k maxed out Mac and not support it after a few years. Plus they’re still releasing devices this upcoming year with intel chips. Y’all are crazy
Not necessarily true. Batteries need to be used and exercised. It’s like having a car and not driving it, things like the rotors will rust and it’s just not good in general. I did this with an older pro by keeping it plugged in for a year straight and it made the battery useless. It could only hold a charge for 15 minutes
Eh that’s your opinion. I enjoyed every second of the ride even without the drops. It’s my favorite ride in the any of the parks
He should be banned from reddit but does anyone have a link to the original post
Are you a certified badass?
