From Utah?
Sounds like some of the weirder, off-color callsigns of my husband's squadron buddies.
&gt;"I'm SO glad you're being HONEST with me" "You are welcome. I'm happy to know you understand." Something else to stop her in her tracks is "Mom, I can no longer be your sounding board &amp; dumping ground for your feelings of sadness &amp; distress. It's just not fair to me, you know--the woman who actually lost *her* child. Each time you bring the subject up about *your* sadness it feels like a slap in MY face and a stab to my heart. Perhaps it is time you seek professional counseling to deal with your grief. If you disregard my request, I'm afraid I am going to have to limit my contact with you until you can keep it together. Do what is best for YOUR daughter, or be put in time out until you can. The choice is yours."
Go ahead and talk to her. Let her give her half-assed non-apology, and then say "Your attempt at an apology has been heard. I'm only going to tell you this one time and then we aren't going to bring it up again. No matter what goes on with my side of the family, no matter what the relationship with my mother or father might be, no matter what future relationship you might foster with my mother, you will never, ever refer to my mother as a *bitch* to me again. Never. It wasn't funny when you said, and at that time there was ZERO intimation of it being said in jest. It will never happen again. I hope I've made myself crystal clear. While I *have* heard your apology, it is going to take more time for my fury to abate. I'm hanging up now for my sake as well as yours. Good-bye." Hang up and then block her until Christmas Day.
"Guess it means you need to do a bit of checking ahead of time to know exactly what it is you're serving to family &amp; guests, doesn't it? I think that's what most good hosts do. I mean, you DO want to be safe when it comes to everyone's well being, right?"
Oooo, he's a smoooooth one. VERY nice!
"Nope! Not tellin' a single solitary soul. It's a secret. No, seriously, we aren't telling anyone. In fact, we are thinking about having a competition to see who can figure out where we are by the photos we post during our travels. The winner will get a special souvenir from our trip. So, no more asking for details because that would be cheating! Shhhhh! Spoilers, Sweetie!"
**One Rule to Guide Them ALL: Ask The Baby's Mother/Father BEFORE Attempting ANYTHING With Baby** *(not limited to, but also including moving baby, feeding baby, kissing baby, bathing/changing/dressing baby, putting baby to bed, any and all things which involve any caretaking of baby). Do not assume your ways are compatible with current medical guidelines, nor compatible with parental choices. ASK FIRST and wait for a response."* Write it up, print it out in a large sized font, post a copy on the baby's door, another copy on the refrigerator, and a third on your bedroom door. "Our requests &amp; guidelines have been put in writing. No excuses allowed."
All your ridiculous mother managed to do was to herself. She showed everyone exactly who and what she was. How sad for her, and what a blessing in disguise for you. You will never have to explain your mother. She did a Show &amp; Tell on *How to be an Ass to Your Child* for the class.
It is not too late to send that broadcast email TODAY! "Dear Family, just a quick line or two to wish everyone well during this busy holiday season. We also want to clear up a serious misconception which appears to be floating around the family. This Christmas burvert &amp; company feel it's best we avoid the madness of holiday travel as well as avoid exposing us all to the flu which is already in full swing--travel germs, YUCK! We will NOT be entertaining ANYONE during the holidays. While we will miss seeing you all for the holidays, to tell the truth, we are looking forward to spending a very quiet Christmas with just our little family of four. We need the down time to re-energize ourselves. No guests to clean up for or worry about feeding. It's going to be a much-needed Christmas gift to ourselves. We will lift a cup of Christmas Cheer to each &amp; every one of you and wish you well. We will see you all next year! Have a joyous &amp; merry holiday! With love, burvert &amp; company."
Nah, leave it in because the reply back to them is "Exactly our point! No one will be a bother because we are having ZERO guests this Christmas. None. Zip, Zilch. Nada. Like we said before, this is our gift to ourselves--time alone in our own little universe. We love everyone and we know those who love US will allow us this time to just simply enjoy the peace &amp; quiet, just we four."
"Hell's bells, Mother! What is **wrong** with you??? Might as well ask Dad or one of my uncles to line up for this crazy train you're trying to get me to ride. ALLLLL Aboard on the Incest Express! BTW, you should realize you don't need to be related by blood to be considered family. Just a little something you need to remember."
It's time to start to putting out feelers for anyone flying from the States who can Mule" seasonings and small supplies. Jiffy Corn Bread Mix keeps for awhile. Same goes for OceanSpray cranberry sauce. Just sayin'.
Don't worry! You can buy these magical footpad stickers to put on the soles of your feet while you sleep and the stickers will wick away all the toxins straight from your body! All you have to do is believe...
"Are you going to remain completely sober during my visit, or will it devolve into one of those embarrassing scenes where you both have way too much to drink and get into another one of your drunken screaming matches? I'm asking this because while I would like to see you, I absolutely am NOT in the mood to sit through another *Night At The Fights*. So, let me know now. If there's going to be another potential drunken brawl I'll be forced to witness, I'd rather stay home and do laundry."
If you don't mind me asking, what is the longest period of time you guys have gone no contact? A few days might not be anywhere near long enough for her parents to truly get it.
How does that old joke go...*You don't have to run faster than the bear to get away. You just have to run faster than the guy next to you.*
If you guys are up to "going to the mattresses," you could give them one single chance to manage their alcohol intake. If it goes sideways, then put them in a No Contact Time Out for several months. Be blunt when you send them the email or text message after they've sobered up, and then block them everywhere. Do not give in to the subsequent harassing from them or their flying monkeys, do not respond unless the hospital calls you to say they are on fire &amp; bleeding. And even then, you don't have to respond to anyone other than emergency personnel. They have to understand not being in your lives truly means just that, but you have to be willing to follow through long enough to make it sting for them.
Think of the time out treatment as the same punishment you would mete out to a toddler having a full-blown tantrum. "I'm sorry, but we do not treat people like this. You have to sit in this chair for 5 minutes and think about why it's not nice to be mean to someone we like. How does it make them feel? When the timer goes off, then we will talk &amp; you can go play." Parents are in need of a No contact time out. Counseling would definitely help you both feel empowered to set boundaries in your life with his parents (and other bullies you may encounter) and not feel guilty about standing up for yourselves, or for asking to be treated as adult who deserve diginity &amp; respect.
Just a quick heads up about the name. There already is a Magda in the MIL Hall of Fame. I encourage you to read through daintyanus' posts. This woman was without a doubt one THE Worst of the Worst women I have ever read about. https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/search?sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;q=flair%3AMalicious%2BMagda
I'm using desktop (Firefox browser), so for me the Hall o'MILs shows at the right of the page, and the link I posted should take you to a page with links to all the archived evilness of Magda.
You might have to reconfigure not only your posts, setting them to private, but also make a specific list of viewers for those private posts. FB has the settings wonky if you ask me. Unless things are super locked down, people can follow you without being friends and see what you might post elsewhere other than strictly on your personal timeline.
&gt;They said they were angry and that they intended for them to be hurtful. "You must be very proud of yourselves. I'm stunned the people who are supposed to love their son could be so calculatingly cruel &amp; vindictive. You ought to be ashamed. How can you even remotely think such childishness &amp; immaturity towards your son is acceptable by any stretch of the imagination. You come rolling into our home with a critical chip on your shoulder trying to prove God knows what. You're then assuming you are in charge and expect us to kowtow like beaten peasants otherwise more caustic behavior ensues. That is NOT how a respectful relationship works." "Every family has rules, boundaries, guidelines. Call them what you will. When we request you not to use foul language in front of our child, we expect you out of common courtesy to respect our wishes. If we give you specific dates we can accomodate guests in our home, we expect you to be considerate &amp; abide of the needs of your hosts--the ones who not only have a small child, but also work. One does not invite oneself to another's home and expect it to go over well AND have their whims be catered to. That is unacceptable &amp; entitled behavior. And it's rude." "We have completely reasonable boundaries for our small household. If you find you can not respect the our requests for you to comply with them, then unfortunately, we are forced to limit our time around you. It is not hard to mind ones language for a few hours in front of a small child. It is not hard not trespass or snoop into the belongings of others--it truly is not hard. It's using simple common manners. We do not touch things which are not ours especially in a home which we are guests. It is not hard to understand that while there are FOUR grandparents who love LO and want to see him, it is NOT a competition of who sees him the longest. It's the QUALITY of time spent, not the quantity! And while we're on the subject of time with LO, NO ONE is getting time alone with our child. NO one. There is ZERO reason to make such a ridiculous request. You are not the child's parents and there is nothing you need to do alone that cannot be done in front of his parents. We put boundaries in place, not to keep you out, but to keep us functioning smoothly as a family and safe in the knowledge we are doing what is best for OUR little family. You don't have to *like* the boundaries we set in place, but you DO need to abide by them IF you want to spend time with us. It's a simple decision. Our lives, our child, our rules. If following our requests are too hard for you, then perhaps it's best we take a six month break from contact with each other. We can revisit the subject at a later date when hopefully you will be more receptive to allowing us to make our own rules for our life."
There's a fine line between love &amp; hate. "Mom, the only appointment I will be willing to take you is to a therapy appointment. I recognize you loved him, and I also recognize you still feel a great deal of anger &amp; venom towards everything leading up to the divorce. Holding all of this inside is not healthy for you and I want you to speak with someone who will help you vent ALL of these emotions properly. I want you to finally come to peace with the past and recognize that it's just that. It's all in the past and cannot be undone. So, if you need assistance in finding someone help you get to where you need to be emotionally when it comes to him, then I am more than willing to help. But until you are willing to face these angry demons from your past, I feel we need to take some time apart and regroup. I am unwilling to be a sounding board about your relationship or the divorce any further."
Jeez, Louise. :::banging head on desk::: It's crap like this that makes me hate social media, and want to create hate &amp; discontent in the lives of these women. I understand being proud/happy/tickled to want to share photos of grandchildren with their friends, but they truly have absolutely no concept of what posting a photo on the internet means. It's like unringing a bell. It can't be taken back. It can't be unrung. That photograph is there until the internet goes away. Sounds like she is too obtuse to get it. I suppose your DH would catch on if you sent her photos of babies that aren't yours once your doodlebug arrives. You *could* do what some very clever moms have done. Make sure your face is close to the baby's face always when photos are taken. Make it so the photo would look ridiculous if she tried to crop you out of it. OR when you send photos, make sure they're shots of the back of the baby's head, mostly blankets and a bit of a cheek, or "blurrybaby." I would seriously have a heart to heart with your darling. No photos of baby on facebook. Go scorched earth if you find she has broken that rule. Hopefully, by the time the baby arrives you'll know exactly how to report the photos on all the social media she uses and can have them taken down ASAP. One last thing! I forgot to tell you CONGRATULATIONS! Hang in there. Channel your inner bear. You'll protect your cub just fine.
The imagery makes me feel a bit fangirlish! It's so perfectly cold. Evidently, revenge is also served well in a dagger-laden box.
"Meal Ticket." It's not too late to call her back and arrange to meet her for "lunch." Heck, he can pick her up, drive to a local park and pull out two brown lunch bags with Peanut Butter &amp; Jelly Sandwiches (or lunchmeats &amp; cheese if you want to be fancy &amp; splurge), apples, and bottled water. Maybe even bring a bag of potato chips to share! He's treating her to lunch, right??? "Eat up, Mom! After all, I paid for this, so you *are* getting your free lunch." Of course, he'd be *paying for it* afterward because she will be livid, but it might be soooo worth it just to watch his mother bluster &amp; blow a fuse.
Ah, good point!
&gt;She also frequently states that twins aren’t much different from having one baby. And she would be wrong. Very, VERY wrong, and I speak from the voice of experience. Singleton for my first pregnancy, and because she was such an easy-going, intelligent little baggage, we decided to give it a go an second time. We got a two-for-one special surprise. Twins aren't double the work. It's more like cubed. It's not-stop, tag-teaming, where you frequently smell of baby:barf, poop, lotion, or food, and sometimes a combination of them all. If you dare miss a day, laundry piles up faster than you can blink. Self-care often gets put by the wayside and sleep is for the weak. It's a joy to have all that "baby" to enjoy, but don't let her ever tell you again it's almost the same. She's never had twins, has she? She doesn't have a damned clue, so you automatically score ALL the *what it's really like* points because YOU have. Don't be afraid to tell her she is NOT in the twin trenches on a 24/7 basis so she can just hush up with her deluded "being a Mom to twins is easy" fantasy world nonsense.
This is always the best response. Unless you're sure it's Batman, and then you always go with "Batman."
Being stuck around a baby-talking adult woman is its own level of Hell.
You know you've been assimilated when you are spelling something over the phone to a customer service agent: "Spell it? Ok. Romeo, Alpha, Foxtrot..." I grew up &amp; still live in a world comprised of bulkheads, overheads, deck, reading the NATOPS before assembling stuff, giving those who care about me a heads up SOD (Safe On Deck) when I've reached home. I frequently forget the rest of the world doesn't savvy military-speak. "Excuse me please. I'm looking for the Ladies Head..." will get me some weird looks. "Uh, I'm sorry. Can you tell me where to find the Ladies restroom please?" The neat thing about it is I can quietly signal to my husband across a crowded room to start his engines because it's almost time to "pull chocks" and head for home.
A couple of go-rounds with Hyperemesis G. did it for me. I can ninja puke now. It's one of my hidden talents. ;) My DH sounds like he's not only tossing his cookies, but also his flight boots, and his second grade teacher. I can hear him from across the house.
&gt;I think predicating things has helped. I have a mental picture of you wearing a Hollywood-style bejeweled Sultan's turban and holding up an envelope to your head a la Johnny Carson. You could really have some fun with that while getting the point across to him. [Siss Boom Baaa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76wzA2A2T1Q)
I wish for you the best possible outcome, even if it is just an uncomfortable silence from them for a few months. You guys have to do what is BEST for you. Unfortunately, I'm not hopeful bullies like this ever see the light. They're too used to getting their own way in everything. (I have a feeling they are unkind to wait staff and tend to be those *I want to speak to your manager* sort of people.) I don't suppose there are extended family memebers who'd be willing to help kick them in the butt to make them see the light?
You, madam, are one helluva BAMF! Burn that bridge, raze their village, salt the earth, and drive them before you while they weep &amp; lament their ridiculous behavior towards you and their son if you must in order to beat it into their thick skulls. I lift my sword in your honor.
Sounds like she's one of those half-empty sort of people. Or more like *My glass is half empty &amp; someone took a shit in it* sort. Always a Negative Nincompoop.
Just an idea, but if you're in The States &amp; there is space to put it where you live, there are moving companies which drop off self-contained storage units to your current home or your parents' place. You fill on your schedule and then they will pick them up and transport them all the way across the country if that's where you're going. My eldest did this when she moved from her apartment to when she got a new job and they even stored her stuff for a few weeks, too, while she waited for her new place to become available. It was very affordable, too. It might be a way to tell your parents you WON'T need their help to get settled yet, but you'll give them a call to come visit when the dust settles. AND you can move your stuff out of their house while keeping the keys to the unit lock so they can't get into it to "hlep."
Our eldest was sexually assaulted by a sketchy boyfriend while she was in college. *She* didn't want me to tell her father because she knew her father would've gone scorched earth. And no one would've found the body. *I* didn't tell him because in my heart I knew she was right.
She is an incredibly strong young woman. She tackled it head on, and did not allow it to define her. She no longer suffers fools, or settles in her relationships.
What is best in life? Living secure in the knowledge that everything you want to be, you already are. You only need to trust your soul, believe in yourself, and know that once you are gone, you are never really gone. You're simply just scattered to the winds.
Girl's got the fire in the belly and knows when to till under her field of fucks so that she has none to give. I guess the apple didn't fall too far from the tree.
Gettysburg by any chance?
Ah, the town of drug stores and llantas usadas.
You might want to go ahead and block her as well. This way, when she gets over her tantrum and decides to "forgive you," your account will not be there for her to send a friend request to. When she asks you about unblocking/re-friending &amp; if you've got enough moxie to do it, you can reply with "We can revisit the subject at a later date, but for right now, no thank you. I think it's best we leave things as they are." And then immediately change the subject. If she pushes, "Asked, and answered."
Your DH is a sensible man who knows the importance of the knowledge of learning how things work (AND when to tell his mom to slow her roll). I was lucky my Dad made sure my sister &amp; I knew how to do simple repairs around the house like replacing a wax seal in a toilet, or the float/flap/flush assembly, how to wire a lamp, hang a fan, etc. When I got my first car, he dragged me outside to learn simple things to troubleshoot, how to check/add/change my oil, charge/replace a battery--you know, the basics, and gave me John Muir's fabulous *How to Keep Your Volkswagen Alive: A Manual of Step-by-Step Procedures for the Compleat Idiot.* The illustrations were well done and simple to understand. You have to love a book that includes telling you to tie back your long hair while you let the engine warm up. After my DH &amp; I bought our first home, for Christmas my Dad gave us a marvelous illustrated home repair book--it's huge. My Dad is still alive &amp; kicking and I frequently will call him to ask his advice to help me diagnosis this or that. While I may not be able to repair my car on my own, I can at least describe to the mechanic what the car is doing, when it seems to happen, and various things I've done to try to narrow things down. I've always loved throaty purr of a muscle car, but never thought I'd own something even close to one. When I decided to go back to work after staying home with the kids, I was ready to drive something less Mom-ish. Drove past the car lot and saw this bright red Z28 glowing in a pool of light, tops off, chrome gleaming at the wheels. I swear I heard the angels singing. I bought that sucker that very week. My husband insists it's a guys' car. "No, silly! It's a chick car 'cause it's so pretty &amp; I look so good driving it." He just shakes his head and says "That you do, woman. That you do." We've tried to do the same thing with our kids. It didn't stick with our eldest daughter, but her younger brother &amp; sister have a better sense how to figure out a problem. In fact, youngest daughter &amp; I were whining today that it seems that so many kids her age and younger don't know how to do the simplest of things adults should know like budgeting, balancing a checking account, etc. By the time she finished venting I was expecting her to start chasing kids off the lawn and ranting "...back in my day..."
I put off flu shots for years. I'm one of those lucky people that rarely even gets a head cold. Well, lemme tell you...after getting the "A" version in January that kicked my butt for WEEKS and then getting some awful side effects from taking Tamiflu, I swore I was not going through that again. I'm going to be traveling &amp; in airports in January just like I did this past January. I'm positive that's how I contracted it. Even if it's giving me a 5% immunity to avoid getting influenza again or helps me not to be a carrier &amp; infect others (if that's possible), I chose to roll the dice. I will admit for the first time in my life I sweated getting that shot because the alarmist headlines with the rare cases of side effects from it kinda rattled me (Guillain-Barre syndrome, etc.).
"And now *you* understand. Anything goes wrong, anything at all... your fault, my fault, nobody's fault... it won't matter - I'm gonna blow your head off. No matter what else happens, no matter who gets killed I'm gonna blow your head off. "
She's a regular Miss Minchin, isn't she! What a cruel heart she must have to purposely decide to exclude a child from receiving a Christmas gift. I think she has forgotten what the spirit of Christmas is all about.
If the wedding is in the same town you live in, you could it any way but not tell ANYONE of the plan. "I'm sorry, MIL. We left Little with a sitter. Yes, I KNOW you wanted Little to attend, but just wasn't fair to anyone to make a child who isn't feeling well endure a long drawn out event."
My husband used to hum this tune every time my mother would call. In the days before everyone had cellphones/texting, when my mother was in one of her "moods," as an early warning system my sister would call our house and holler "The monkeys are flying! The monkeys are flying! Don't pick up the phone! The monkeys are flying!" If mom had ever gotten a cell phone of her own, this definitely would've been my ring tone for her.
Well, guess there's not much to do except hope for the best and enjoy the day? How does your SIL feel about little ones at her wedding? What would SHE prefer? Some brides wouldn't care even if it meant having their vows drowned out by a LO's unexpected meltdown. Other brides hire sitters/toddler wranglers and have special areas designated for their comfort &amp; safety. And some brides prefer to have an adults-only event due to alcohol consumption and the unpredictable behavior of certain over-served guests. &gt;I think I will have done enough for this wedding and it will be fine. That line makes me wonder if SIL has either nudged MIL back into her own lane, or maybe...Saints be praised...MIL realized she was getting a bit too hands on when it came to the wedding planning and thought g-baby wrangling would be a fun &amp; useful service to provide because her daughter had everything else running like clockwork? Promise you'll give an update once you guys get back home. :)
"I can mod clearly now the rain has gone..."
"We'll send photos once we get settled at home and into a good routine. Might be a few days so don't panic." And then wait and wait. Eventually send blurry photos of you holding the baby with baby's back towards the camera.
&gt;She's texted SO with some passive aggressive threats and talk of not getting me any presents this year for Christmas. "Thank you, Mom. Think_Amphibian appreciates this and would prefer you spent your money on other family rather than on her. You are giving her the *best* gift this year."
I know PA is hyper-strict about end-of-life decisions, too. Went through that nightmare last winter. It was a blessing that they had so many legal hoops to jump through because it allowed time for a freaking miracle to take place. What sort of medical POA/Living Will/Advanced Directives do the IL's have in place? Push hard for them to get something drawn up &amp; signed, especially if you feel your MIL might be digging herself into an early grave.
"Reimbursing you? We're confused. We thought we were invited guests. We didn't realize we'd have to pay for a meal we were invited to your home to enjoy. Neither one of us have much cash on us at the moment, so perhaps we can just consider it an even trade for all the meals we've treated *you* to over the years, OK? And next time, if you expect guests to pay for a meal you serve in your home, please let them know of your expectation. It's the polite thing to do." From now on when you invite her out, tell her it's "Dutch Treat." OR stop inviting her out to lunch. Do coffee. You could also meet her someplace where you don't have to "pay admission" to see her like a park, or just pop over to her home prior to lunch/mid afternoon.
Want to really wind her up and show her you truly don't care what she thinks of you? The next time you have the opportunity whether it's a drive-by or a dropping off, wave like she's a dear family friend. Smile a big ol' beauty queen grin, and wave that hand like you're soooo excited to see her. It's going to trip her little circuits for sure, and it's going to sit in the back of her mind for hours wondering just what in the hell that was all about. "What could she possibly be up to..."
SO should not have to bear the financial brunt of his mother's inability to get along with her coworkers (or perhaps she left because perform the tasks expected of her to her employer's satisfaction). I'd slyly clue FFIL in on her status. "FFIL, it's a shame FMIL didn't like her working conditions so much that she felt she had to leave. Any idea of what sort of job she's currently looking for? Maybe I can put some feelers out. What? You didn't know she had quit?? Oh, dear. I guess I've let the cat out of the bag. I just assumed you knew that and went along with her idea of siphoning out cash from my &amp; SO's joint account to pay for a few bills. Gosh! Please don't let on I was the one to spill the beans! She'd hate me for sure! I'm sure she'll make good on the $300 once she finds a new job."
Collection agencies will look for any family relations in order to track down the debt runner. The best advice, u/cant_let_me_be, is to ask *"What is this call pertaining to?"* They *should* only say they are looking for so-&amp;-so, but that is always not the case. A safe reply could be *"I'm sorry. I am not the party you are looking for. You have reached the wrong number. There is no so-&amp;-so at this number or address. Do not call this number again. Thank you. Have a good day."* If they divulge any other information, ask who they are AND the name of their company. Once you get that information, remind them divulging financial information to a stranger, or anyone other than the person they are seeking is highly unethical, and very possibly illegal. *"I'd hate to have to report this infraction, but now that I have this information I am quite willing to do so if anyone from your company calls this number ever again. I'm sure you understand. Do not call again. Have a good day."* Keep a log of numbers/companies who call with the dates and times.
LOL! I'm leaving it in. :)
With kids in the house, I'd go as far as giving teethers &amp; washable toys a quick boil, put in the dishwasher, or run through the washing machine in a pillow case. Get a few extra sippy cups so they can be cycled through the day, too. Glazed doughnut-faced little ones are human Petri dishes. There were times I wished I owned a HazMat suit when mine got sick. A few years ago I managed to avoid the death plague that took out an entire office where I worked because my desk phone rarely used by anyone else and I wiped down keyboard, phone, desk, before I started my day and right before I left for home. I was the ONLY person who did not catch whatever it was that knocked my co-workers down hard and repeatedly. You'd think medical office could do a better job than most of avoiding that death plague (and that's what we called it because it spread like the plague and they all swore they "felt like death warmed over").
That sounds like the exact reaction I had when I tried Too Faced Hangover Replenishing Face Primer. My entire face became inflamed within hours. Within 24 hours I had itchy welts, pustules, and bumps that felt like the most painful deep cystic acne (a feeling I know all too well from my teenage years). My face throbbed! It took 2 weeks for the skin to heal. My dermatologist said the skin discolorations left behind by the eruptions could take up to 6 months to resolve, and that I needed to be ultra-careful to stay out of the sun for long periods of time until then. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to pin down exactly what the trigger ingredient was. I've used primers for years--and still do, without even a hint of a reaction.
&gt;I call my mother Selfish Bitch, because that is the insult she like to hurl at me any time she doesn't get her way. "I'm a selfish bitch? High praise, indeed. My tutelage was under a true professional."
I wonder if she's envious *you* know what you want from life, and of your self esteem, and absolutely peevish that you are willing to stand up to her demands.
It's just a more adult version of "I know you are, but what am I?!" ;)
For those of you who've missed this tidbit of reddit gold [TIFU by throwing my steak out a window](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3im341/tifu_by_throwing_my_steak_out_a_window/) [His wife's take on that night](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7jbzcf/tifu_by_allowing_my_husband_to_come_to_dinner_at/)
Her handbags must give off an interesting aroma.
"Darling, where did you put the children?"
No problem. It's one of those stories that needs to be shared just like [The Swamps of Dagobah](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/xo41d/doctorsnursesredditors_what_has_been_your_most/c5o66p2/) That one made me glad I curtailed going for my RN.
That's odd. It works for me with two different browsers and on my mobile.
Hell, I'm surprised your in-laws haven't made you consider re-enlisting just to PCS to anywhere but there! *"Orders to Diego Garcia? Sign me up! I love the beach! Yes, I understand they're unaccompanied orders. That's fine. My husband &amp; I can Facetime."* It would be soooo worth it not having to deal with the drive-bys &amp; constant interference.
Let's hope for a Christmas Miracle of some sort? In an odd way, I miss PCSing. It was a guaranteed way to be forced to have a real field day and pitch out things we really didn't need. It's still in a box from the last move? Yeah, maybe we don't need that after all. We retired back to our original first house and evidently had been storing more stuff there than I had realized. Actually discovered we still had our twin's cribs in the overhead (I don't like ladders so I've always sent my DH into the attic to get down stuff). He's thinking he can sell them AND the HUGE playpen. No, dear. Those things need to be chopped up and burned because they're basically illegal--drop-sided danger beds. He was dumbfounded. Kids grow up, and we try to do better for the next generation without whining "...back in our day..."--or as the tagline to one of my favorite bloggers used to have *When I was your age, we just let them ride in the back window.*
I will always upvote this line. It's one of the best examples of cold, hard justice being served (Lloyd Dobler-style) right back at a conniving JustNoMil.
My husband is gonna chuckle &amp; get that certain gleam in his eye when I tell him I'm his mistle-ho.
Say it with me, y'all: Drop the emotional rope. Let *Never again* be your motto as far as Shopperella is concerned, and hope your SO 100% backs your decision not to be involved with anything to do with his mother. Remind him the behavior we allow will continue.
"...and mom, we can still do FaceTime/Skype on Christmas morning, so it'll almost be like you are here, but with no traveling! Yep, I think we've hit on a solution here. Maybe you can start looking NOW for dog sitters or boarding kennels so you can come visit at Easter/Spring Break."
I'd go as far as to tell her since she is not hosting the event--whatever it might be, your guest list is not her concern. "You are invited. That's all you need to know. Please let us know your decision by *this date.* If we don't hear from you by then, we will assume you won't be coming."
Try to convey to your DH that you are doing what is best for everyone. His Mom is an out of control, unruly toddler. Sometimes it takes a swift &amp; heavy-duty punishment to arrest the behavior. You're having to use the industrial strength version of behavior modification because she has been out of control, pushy, and trying to rule the lives of others as *she* thinks they ought to be run for way too long. Her punishment HAS to be more than him shaking his finger at her and saying "naughty girl." Straightening his backbone, reinforcing those boundaries, and instituting a swift &amp; stinging attention-getter consequence to her behavior is the ONLY chance you guys have of making her realize her actions are the WRONG way to be a decent parent.
SO really ought to push the girlfriend thing back into her lap while he's reinforcing the boundaries you guys are trying to lay down. "She's not my 'girlfriend.' She is my *fiancée* and the woman I will be marrying. Please refer to her properly when you speak of her to me. Your constant little digs referring to her as something less meaningful to me are ridiculous, and rather beneath you, don't you think? *Fiancée.* Use it, and get used to it."
I'm sure *she* thinks if she pushes hard enough, refers to you as a child of a lesser god, and constantly belittles his choice of the woman he plans to spend the rest of his life with, she will make him see the light and coming back to heel like a good little pup, er...son. You both have to make those boundaries rock solid NOW and get those lines drawn in concrete rather than sand. The earlier you BOTH do this, the easier it's going to be when dealing with her nonsense in the future. This doesn't mean she's going to roll over and play nice. Aw, HELL No. She is a dyed in the wool JustNo. She IS going to be an absolute pain in your butts for a long, long time, but presenting a united front will hopefully get her to back off a bit and learn to pick her battles more wisely. Don't be afraid to be that bitch if you have to. She's pissy because the pawn she thought was her's forever to place about her chess board has become sentient with a heart &amp; mind of his own. Learn her moves. They are VERY predictable. Put that Queen down, and shout *Checkmate, bitch!*
Is she still there? If so, send her home now, and send her a lightbox for Christmas. "Your mother feels uncomfortable with me wanting things done a particular way with my own children. While I do understand she raised four children, she did not have a multiple birth. She did NOT go through what you &amp; have have gone through--and especially what *I* went through bringing these children into the world. She did not have to try to recover from major flipping surgery, AND breast feed two children while they were in the NICU." "I realize the excitement she has over the babies, but I also see she is adding an addition stress because of her excitement. I do NOT need someone to hold my babies while I attempt to cook, clean, and care for the babies. What I DO NEED is someone who will pitch in 100% with the house work while *I* try to recover and while *I* take care of MY TWINS. It would actually be more beneficial for us to hire a high school kid to help with the household duties while I take care of the babies &amp; recover, than it currently is for me to try to placate YOUR MOTHER'S feelings." "We're trying to settle into a daily routine. We need help with the housework. We do NOT need help holding our children. I think it's best they think about cutting the visit short. As my grandmother used to say *guests, like fish, begin to stink after three days* and baby, it's been much longer than 3 days. The whole situation she's forcing on us both stinks!"
Thorns!
I'd switch out their version of noodles and use a noodle made with the Fat Head dough instead. It will taste less "eggy."
Something to spin Starbucks Bitch up: Starbucks is closing over 150 stores (of course, they have like 8k stores worldwide, so it's just a drop in the bucket). Their business isn't as robust as it used to be.
Me, too. I assumed she completely dropped her pants and literally showed you her "moon." Sounds like a real class act, that one.
Make it clear to her NOW the "coming to you every Christmas Day is NOT going to be turned into a tradition. We're just doing it this time since we're already going to be out &amp; about. We'll make next year's plans next year."
I've read enough horror novels to recognize that's some Stephen King/The X-Files *Chinga" episode level of NOPE! My apologies to Eartha Kitt... *Beelzebaby, just keep your presents under your tree, you see...* *You've been an awful bad girl.* *Beezlebaby, your presents give an awful bad fright.* ♫♫.♫♫.♫♫.♫♫. *BeezleBaby, your hoarder pile is too much, you see* *It sucks.* *It makes us just want to sneer, it's clear* *Beezlebaby, your presents give an awful bad fright.*
This might be hard for you to say to her, but it needs to be done sooner, rather than later. "Childbirth isn't a contest, MIL. It's not a competition to see who had what when, or who had the worst whatever. It's rude to insist that it is. After the last bit of nonsense we had to endure with our first baby, we've decided to put some ground rules in place. This *it's my turn,* BS is a turn OFF, not to mention your assumption you are automatically included to watch my child being born is seriously misguided. It's MY medical procedure and **I** will be the one dictating who will, and who will NOT be in the delivery room. I can emphatically state as it stands now only DH will be in the delivery suite with me. Since you have already stated you can't be bothered to help out with our eldest, we are asking you to hold off making any plans for visiting after the baby arrives. We will give you a date range that will suit OUR needs for you to work with. Please do NOT show up unannounced. We will let you know well when we are ready for visitors so you will have plenty of time to make hotel reservations as we will NOT be hosting visitors in our home (even if you ARE letting your family stay, she doesn't need to know this--and anyway THEY are not JustNos). Glad we've had this talk so we can put a stop to any assumptions of who gets to do what when. [You can throw in a *our lives, our birth, our rules* if you need to.]
This makes me want to create a second account just so I can vote it up again! Definitely make sure the Dad gets a copy of it. Heck, even Bcc: cousin.
&gt; "You know he's not smart enough to talk to me like that, look at his dad!" "You mean the man *you* fell in love with, *and* married, *and* decided to have children with? Now, what was that you were saying about someone being not very smart?"
Whatever you do, don't let her keep them. There's no telling what she might do with them, including sending them out on your behalf! I'd be tempted to leave them out in plain sight when she visits so she can see you use them as 'scratch pads', for grocery lists, etc. You can also use them to leave silly, smart ass notes for each other, and as others have said, thank MIL for every little thing she does. Brought you Christmas cookies? Send a note. Have you to dinner? Drop a thank into the mail the very next morning. Calls to give unsolicited advice? "Thanks for providing your insight &amp; opinion when we last spoke. Just wanted to say 'thanks,' but no worries. We have it covered."
I have managed to completely avoid hearing this song (and I'm not sure I want to hunt it down to give it a listen). So, is it the same awfulness like that damned *Let It Go* song from *Frozen?* I've been lucky enough to only hear about a minute of that icepick to the ears mess.
It's her wants versus everyone's needs. Guess which should always come out ahead in the Guilt Olympics? That man of yours is all kinds of wonderful for shutting down her expectations like that! ⭐️❤️⭐️
LMAO! I completely understand. You know...you could get the darned thing for yourself, and then go on &amp; on about the wonderful gift you darling husband gave you for Christmas. That would be wrong of course. Right? Ahem. Actually, I really like the darned thing especially the magnifying side. My eyes have decided to betray me and my near vision is starting to get fuzzy. I'm forging into Costco on Monday. I think I might be crazy.
You know how around here we sometimes say "I'd call her *a cunt,* but she lacks the depth and warmth"? Well, if her words aren't the perfect example of cold, heartlessness, then I don't know what is. What an utterly shallow woman who honestly has not the first clue what a mother actually is. She damned sure doesn't seem to have a motherly bone in her body to support her ugly, unfeeling heart. To be so miserly with her love that she'd keep it from an innocent, so very wanted child...it's unfathomable. That woman needs three spirits to visit her this holiday season to jolt some sense into her.
&gt;this photo makes me look really bad and I wish you’d delete it. "It makes you look bad because what you did *WAS* bad, and if I was as embarrassed as you rightfully should be right now, I'd want it taken down as soon as possible too. I'd also be apologizing my ass off to BOTH of the parents for trying to snatch away *their* Golden Moments with *their* child."
Dooooo it! And if they have the duo pack of the Original Makeup Eraser Facial Wash Cloths, pick it up. Those suckers really DO remove makeup with just very warm water. I haven't used them on my lashes to remove mascara because that is a bit too much rubbing for me, but otherwise, they get my face ultra clean and help remove any dead/dull skin due to the retinoids I use.
Wanna bet her shopping trip was done via a credit card? It's easy to spend money she doesn't have if she has that magic plastic, but when she needs actual cash for something, she is down to the bottom of the barrel. I'll bet she was hoping YOU would foot the bill for the party food &amp; drinks, too, once she sad-eyed you about being broke.
"Look, Lady, Number one: neither brother nor I had a choice in being born. Bringing children into the wolrd was YOUR choice, and by making that choice it was ENTIRELY on YOU to ensure your children had proper medical and dental care because THAT'S WHAT A RESPONSIBLE PARENT DOES!" "Number Two: No parent in their right mind lords the expected expenses of raising children over their children's heads when those children become adults. It's asinine to expect recompense from your children for doing what is morally and ethically expected of a parent to do." "Number Three: if you are told your expectation of being given an expensive gift at Christmas needs to be reined back considerably, then you need to do so. You can learn to be less grandiose with your expectations, &amp; graciously accept the gift which the giver can actually *afford* to give you, or you can accept the fact you will receive nothing at all because we aren't shattering *OUR* budget to make all *your* Christmas dreams come true." "We do not complain about the same exact gifts each year of fruit and a gift card, do we? Even though something new and different might be fun, we do not complain because we are grateful to be thought of at all during the holidays. We are not the Sears Wishbook, and we are not living at the North Pole opening wish lists sent to Santa. We have a budget for gifts this year. You can do one of three things: The first choice is revise your Christmas Wish List with gift *ideas* which will fit *our* budget. Your second choice: be completely surprised by our gift to you this year. Your third choice is we just cancel gift giving with you entirely and EVERYONE saves some money. Pick one. We are NOT going to be bullied into giving *anyone* gifts that are going to break *our* budget, and it's completely selfish to think otherwise."
There is some fantastic advice being given! There are a few things I can suggest is about making her/them stay at a hotel. Make sure you send a list of 4 or 5 hotels near you with links &amp; telephone numbers. "These are the closest hotels to us. We've heard the Holiday Inn Express has free super-fast wifi and a very good free breakfast. The Marriott is pretty nice, too." The day before arrival ask for the hotel reservation confirmation number. Don't let her evade the request. Put your DH up to asking your dad if you'd rather. *"Wife wants to surprise MIL with a little something at the hotel, but we need the confirmation number for the room when we drop it off."* If it's fairly obvious there have been no reservations made, make one yourselves preferrably at a place which allows last minute cancellations at no charge. When they bust out with the *where will we stay?/where will we go?* you can point them to the hotel. *We warned you we weren't having overnight guests and figured you'd try to push the matter, so we made a reservation for tonight. You're on your own to find accommodations for the rest of your stay. That list we emailed two weeks ago should help. We've booked you at the Motel 6 for tonight." I know it's very hard to stop being afraid of your mother's judgement and her "punishments" because this is the way she wired you to respond. The thing is you *ARE* an adult. She can't send you to your room. She can't take the keys to the family mini van. All she can really do is be an unpleasant bitch and an unholy terror. So what? With everything in my heart &amp; soul, I promise you the world will not end. Yes, you will feel guilty that you have disappointed/let your parents down/made your parents mad, and family relations will be extremely tense for awhile when she has her guaranteed melt down, but her tantrum is not YOUR problem. She doesn't own you, and she damned sure shouldn't be dictating how you run your marriage, your travel plans, your hosting duties, or your life. The realization YOU are in charge of YOU will be exhilarating. Shaking off HER demands on your life will be the sweetest gift you can ever give to yourself, and I will bet your darling husband would agree. Make a fist. Learn to say *NO* when you don't want to do something, and taste that sweet freedom that comes with knowing you really *are* the Captain now.
&gt;She wants to go to NYC for the weekend either next week or the week after... Good grief, it's almost Christmas and New Year's Eve is just around the corner! She *does* realize she'd probably be encrouching on the holiday plans of her friends, doesn't she? How self-absorbed *is* she to think it's perfectly fine to invite oneself as a house guest during such a busy time of the year???
Wants &amp; needs. Wants &amp; needs. It's almost like it's a mantra to these women.
Inviting Z to *your* home sounds like a wonderful plan for Christmas and probably much more relaxing for her! Do you think she would blow off CC to spend the day with you guys instead? If she follows through with the plan to visit at CC's AND CC attempts to force her to mule Christmas gifts to you, how comfortable do you think Z would be flat-out LYING or fudging the truth through semantics? *"DH said for me not to worry about picking up any gifts you might have for them. He said he'd handle the presents thing, so if you don't mind, I'm going to do what he's requested since he asked first--that's the polite thing to do, after all. He said he'd handle the gifts, and so that's what we're going to do. Besides, I won't be seeing them until well after Christmas. Nope. No arguing on this. He insisted, and that's all that counts. Please don't attempt to force me to do something different than what I've already given my word about doing. That's just wrong and I'm not going back on my word. You should know better than to ask."* In this instance, Z uses guilt as a weapon of defense. CC should know better than to force Z to break her promise to DH, right? *"Don't want to make DH mad at us, do we CC? No, we do not."* If she can keep her spiny steely &amp; her wits about her, Z won't have to worry about the darned gifts because DH said he would "handle the gifts." Please note she isn't supposed to say "pick up the gifts," but that the gifts will be "handled" by DH. Now how your DH "handles" it can mean anything, right? He can pick them up, or he can leave them there to gather dust. Either way, it allows Z (&amp; you) not to worry about what to do with the darned things as long as SHE is still in possession of them.
Thank you for posting this link. He's adorable! I think I now have a nerd girl crush!
We once had a neighbor who littered her front garden with mothballs. They were supposed to keep the deer from eating the flowers because deer, like anyone with a decently sensitive nose, hate the smell. They're awful! I swear when the wind was just right you could smell those darned mothballs halfway down the block.
Please tell me she has a dog or a cat, or even a goldfish you can turn right around and send a thank you card to. *"Dear Fido/Bootsy/GlubGlub, Just wanted to thank you for the small token of affection you sent for Christmas along with all the other unexpected gifts which have shown up during the year. Each time a package arrived, we were happy to spread your generosity by donating those items we could not use. We have become quite the favorites at the donation center! Wishing you and the rest of the family the very best for the coming new year. Family &amp; Son send with love."*
Looks like Coke somes in fruit flavors! Georgia Peach &amp; California Raspberry. [Coca-Cola Flavor Locator](https://us.coca-cola.com/coca-cola-local-flavors/product-locator/)
Time to have a yard sale to get rid of all *her* furniture and doodads, or sell it on Facebook/craigslist. Heck, maybe there's a resource to donate furniture/household items to foster kids aging out of the system. Reclaim your turf, raise the battlements, and tell them Hotel HeadbandCaper is closed until further notice. Their visits have become too disruptive. While *they* may not feel they are, "...believe us when we say they are. We will let you know when we can accommodate another visit, but for right now the hotel/B&amp;B is closed for at least the next 6 months. Yes, you heard me correctly. No. It's NOT your place to argue about staying in my home, mother. In fact, it is extremely rude to assume your visits are always welcome, especially when you announce you are coming rather than waiting to be invited. So, no more vacation visits to our home for at least 6 months. If you continue to try to argue, our decision can be changed to an indefinite dateline of no visiting ever. Yes, I'm sure you're not happy about not getting your own way on things. Honestly, I don't care that you don't like it. I don't live my life to keep *you* happy. Ok, I'm hanging up because you obviously think you're going to change what I've just told you by haranguing me. Good-bye, mom. We will check in with you guys soon."
In this case, it's better to "ask forgiveness" after getting rid of the bed, than asking "permission" to sell it. Possession is 9/10 of the law, right? Sell it and send them the money for it if it makes you feel better. Sell ALL the crap they've left behind to mark their territory, and send the proceeds back to them. But that bed, yeah, it's gotta go ASAP.
What setting do I have borked? I never see the up/down vote counts here on JustNoMil until the comments are really old. REALLY old.
u/pigghenuette12, Maybe you're a sorceress with magical powers you haven't realized exist? Casting 'beetus spells, sending texts visible to only the recipient but cloaked with invisibility to others, enthralling &amp; binding FDH to you with some love elixir made of lies, lies, &amp; more lies, AND materializing magical endocrine potion pills on her doorstep, all without realizing it's happening? Dang, girl! That's some powerful witchery! Do you think you can send a housecleaning spell my way, and maybe cast a 30 pounds in 30 days spell, too? Ya see, I've got this gorgeous formal gown that needs to fit in 30 days...
I might be wrong on this, but I think there's a really good chance google cache preserves everything. I've been able to read things using cached versions of posts that have been torched.
The scales issue can be solved with a simple "No. Thank you, but nope. No need. I know what I weigh. My doctor knows what I weigh and thinks I'm fine &amp; dandy. I'm not boxing any time soon nor enlisting into the Marines, and as long as my doctor is fine with my weight, and *I* am happy with it, *I* don't need to weigh myself on your scales." If she's not *fit, &amp; in fighting form* you might challenge her with a "Ok, you FIRST! Let's see how well you're keeping yourself lean &amp; mean." (Goodness knows she's got that *mean* part down pat.)
Last month I stumbled across the recipe for making stuffing out of hacked up White Castle burgers (even added chopped up dill pickles). Made it on a dare as one of the side dishes for our Thanksgiving meal. It was the first thing to go, and it was actually GOOD.
Maybe it's a bad joke bot--it even has grammar misspelled!
Ooooh, she *is* so full of herself, isn't she! Poking the cobra needs to be done once or twice in one's life, and you Besties did a wonderful job keeping that cobra confined to her basket. You know, if the Bride &amp; Groom decide to have children, maybe you ought to think about offering Grandma-to-be Wrangling Services for showers, labor &amp; delivery, and post-partum visits!
Perhaps instead of karate, she might be interested in Aikido? It's a more gentle form of self defense. Aikido focuses not on punching or kicking, but instead you use your own energy to gain control of an opponent, or to throw them away from you. It places greater emphasis on motion and the dynamics of movement. One of my twins took it for several years and it completely changed her interaction with strangers, her approach to life, her focus, how she carries herself, etc. It was the smartest thing she ever talked us into allowing her to do. It truly challenged her to be her best. While we never had her officially tested for autism because her uniqueness wasn't holding her back socially or scholastically, we felt she was bumping up pretty hard against an armchair diagnosis of Asperger Syndrome. Her twin brother likes to tell her she's an "autism. a Weaponized autism." She is a force of nature when she wants to be.
&gt; she says "I've raised three kids" "And they've done remarkably well in spite of it, but how you chose to raise your children doesn't necessarily coincide with how Ex &amp; have decided to raise OUR children. Your approval nor opinion on how we do so is not requested."
As a grown white female, I agree.
350°F. A deep fry thermometer is one of those things you never realize you ought to have until you need one. Worthwhile picking up a good one at your local big box store or your local mom &amp; pop hardware store.
I think she is both!
I think the entitled old bat needs her ass served back to her on a platter, and who better to do this than the person who has been at ground zero for the entire time, especially if Mawmaw is being a nasty bitch to everyone about it. She's not explaining anything other than how Mawmaw needs to shut her piehole because she's looking mighty stupid to the rest of the family. Fragile Ego is a thing with these monsters. Of course, if her grandma is just getting dotty in her old age, then make it shorter but she can be just as firm. "You were mistaken &amp; you jumped to the wrong conclusion..." I get the impression Mawmaw is a bit of a bossyboots who needs to be rocked back on those bootheels of hers by someone who isn't afraid of the fallout. At this point, OP has nothing to lose.
Ahh, NOW I understand!! My pet peeve is having to scroll through the life and times of recipe bloggers before finding the actual recipe. We make a drinking game out of betting on the number of "scrolls" it's going to take before finding the recipe. It's fun especially when looking for things to make during the holidays!
Give her ten minutes and then walk up with a enormous smile, swiftly scoop LO up with a syrupy sweet "Thank you for the cuddles, Grandma!" and walk away as fast as possible for a diaper change or any other thing you can think of before slipping LO back into the baby sling.
Congratulations on the babies and on your super spine! Your response to her about lacking the Twin Experience is genius. Use it as a response so often that it makes her eye twitch when you say it. :) Being a parent of multiples is an entirely different magnitude of pregnancy, delivery, and day to day living, but if you can make yourselves be ultra organized it makes it easier all around, but never let on to HER. "Yes, I'm sure as a mom of singletons you did things a certain way. It's a bit different when there's two, but thanks for the advice anyway. I'll be sure to pass it on to the mothers of singletons I know." You guys are going to have one of the best adventures of your lives! May your future be full of outstanding sales on crib sheets, Onesies, diapers and wipes, and a white board in the kitchen and in the nursery can be your best friends during those *My Brain Is Mush/Dear Lord, I Forgot My Underwear Again* days. Happy Baby Days to you!
Leave the dust, BUT draw a smiley face on it. Or hearts, 'cause you're sending all your Christmas love back to her, right? Because I drink wine, I'm kinda curious as to the vintner &amp; winery. If it's a really GOOD wine, part of me says don't waste it regifting it to her, unless it really HAS sat in a puddle of sunlight for the year (I swear I tutted aloud *Oh, Ambien, Noooo! You naughty boots. Tell me you didn't seriously leave it!*). If that's the case, then yeah, gift it back. I have two mini Aussies so I know that's gotta be some damned gaudy jewelry for it to be noticed amongst all that hair. I love my pups, but the hair...Dear lord, so much hair everywhere. If I don't vacuum every other day, we'll have hair tumbleweeds rolling around our floors. How can dogs shed so much hair yet never be bald?! Have a wonderful Guilt Trip! Take lots of photos enjoying lots of Guilty Pleasures and post them with captions like "Having the best time of our lives. It's great to spend the holidays alone with someone that you love/means the world to you/loves you beyond anyone else in the world/My darling is the best to want to take me away for the holidays. He's all mine, ladies!/Christmas is time to spend with the one you love." Well, you get my drift.
Nah, don't say anything, but instead hum along in your own little world while completely "oblivious" to her presence. La La la, you're happily cooking. Oops! You need something! Suddenly step backwards with some force, leading with your elbow--sharp knife or spoon in your hand, and spin around abruptly, or back into her HARD while stepping purposely on her foot everytime she encrouches in your space. I mean, nail her hard enough to almost knock her off her feet. Act surprised to see her there. "Oh, dear, MIL! I didn't realize you were right there. Was there something you needed? You know, it's not safe for you to stand so closely behind someone while they're cooking. You could get seriously hurt! It would be awful for you to get burned or accidentally cut because you were standing much closer than you need to be. Wounds tend to heal much more slowly as people age or have health complications."
LMAO!! The floor mats sound like my Dad's Practical Gifts™ he gives. On the good side, his gifts are things people can really USE, but not necessarily what one imagines as Christmas or birthday presents. He once gave me a set of very feminine sheets for my bed as a birthday present. Not a bad gift because really good sheets can be pricey and they *were* very pretty, but I was 11 or 12. I probably had my heart set on something more "chickish." I tease him about it now &amp; then, but as I've gotten older I've realized Dad gifts are usually used more often and appreciated much more because he actually DOES put thought into them. I guess there really is no bad side to his gifts. Trying to do the same thing in return is always a challenge.
I had to do it with my fireplug of a Cuban MIL. Several times. She never got the hint, but I felt a bit better after that second body check. She was only 5 feet tall (with a strong upwind) and I am a bit over 5'10", and my GAWD, she practically lived at my elbow when I would be cooking. The first time I bumped into her truly was an accident. The second and third times were not. I finally had to set out a chair on the other side of our counter penisula. "While I'm in my kitchen, this is your chair for you to sit. Don't go past this imaginary line because one of use is going to get hurt and it will probably be you. So, SIT! Stay! Good Grandma!"
Hang in there. It's NOT all in your head, and you are NOT being a drama queen. It appears to be a genetic thing. The strongest genetic associations are in the genes GDF15 and IGFBP7. GDF15 plays a role in the development of the placenta, and low expression of GDF15 is associated with miscarriages. The gene IGFBP7 controls appetite. There have been studies associating these same genes with severe nausea and vomiting in pregnant women. Coincidentally, I've recently been told they've found I have these genes. Imagine that. I wouldn't be surprised if you're genetically predisposed, too. Too bad she doesn't have enough common sense to do a little research before showing her ignorance about HG. Send her this: https://www.spewingmummy.co.uk/blog/2018/4/4/4iq32ya072mlktaoqpy554e5cozski-wrlkx-wyyn2-8y9ww-lkjnn-2fhax-cwk66-dnk8e-l254x-tswe5-9tbjx-elt59-p9z52-gspfw. Maybe she'd care to educate herself on a very basic level. But I'm pretty sure she's one of those *Well, I was fine, so you should be, too.* You know, because we are all exactly alike as humans. I hope Santa brings her coal for her stockng this year. Hang in there. Sometimes it's a hour by hour, minute by minute struggle to get through the day. I promise you, once you are holding your baby in your arms for the first time...well, for me, it was worth the struggle.
&gt;How did I survive infancy? By the Grace of God, or really long lucky streak. I'd go with the latter and go to Vegas, baby! Who knows. You might hit it big!
FIVE THOUSAND??? What the heck?! Holy crap, that's outrageous. I live in a larger southern city. A ride in the Band-aid Bus is under $500. If you provide your insurance info, they will file the claim for services so the patient doesn't have to. To top it off, when you call for an ambulance, the fire/rescue trucks show up, too.
This is our local county fire &amp; rescue, and for the ride to the hospital only. Luckily, there are enough hospitals in my area people can choose between hospitals if their emergency situation allows them the time. Some of the for-profit hospitals in the area are ridiculous in their service prices. I used to work for one. I'm all for capitalism, but damn. I'm looking at you, HCA.
You flew. With HG? I salute you. You have the heart of a warrior! That egg donor of yours seems like SHE is the one who is a waste of “time, energy and money.” Throw love into the things wasted on that emotional, selfish black hole of a person. Life sure gets easier when you realize you don't really need a person like that in your life circle. Yes, you mourn not having the sort of mother all children deserve, but wow. Isn't it a great feeling finally understanding by letting her go out of your life there comes a freedom &amp; a lightness of soul? YOU know your worth. The ones who love you know it too. It's a shame your mother couldn't recognize it. It's her loss.
&gt; the blow back that will come from her hearing her efforts are going to waste. This might be a hard speech to deliver, but the taking over of Firsts absolutely MUST be nipped in the bud before it blooms any further. "While we appreciate your efforts, MIL, this could have been avoided by checking with us first. I made DD's stocking last year. *I* put quite a bit of effort into it as well. Yes, it's a different style from yours, but that doesn't negate the love &amp; dreams I put into hers especially as she is *my* first. I'm not willing to set it aside for another to take its place. Let's do this, shall we? You keep the stocking you made for her and hang it each year in your home, BUT with the understanding that YOU &amp; FIL are the ones who fill it-- **NOT SANTA.** Santa only fills one stocking per child and the one she hangs at home is the one he fills. You will have the opportunity to fill the stocking hanging in your home with lots of little things too time consuming to wrap, but fun for her to have for the holiday when we visit. Yes, I'm sure you are disappointed, but like I said, I put lots of time and effort into making *my* daughter's first Christmas stocking. It's best for everyone to remember that as DD's parents, DH &amp; I rightfully are the ones to enjoy doing all the firsts with our daughter including pictures with Santa, first outfits, costumes, trick or treating, visits to the zoo or the beach, etc. You grandparents had those firsts with *your* children. DD is OUR opportunity to do the same, so please, when you get the idea to do something that is possibly a *first,* please run it by us prior to doing so to make sure there will be no more disappointments in the future. I'm so glad we could clear this misunderstanding up early in DD's life and get on the same page about *Firsts.*"
Aw, thanks for a childhood memory. Jean Naté was my mom's signature scent. Sometimes she'd switch it up with Emeraude when she was feeling fancy. Every once in awhile I'll wander through a drug store and sneak a whiff of one or the other. SOME one must still be wearing the stuff because I'm still seeing it sold.
Thank you for pointing this out. I'm blaming the Christmas Cheer cocktails last night while was I was undertaking massive Baking Ops for my DH's troops.
I will never understand a grandmother not making a beeline straight away to see a new grandchild! When/if the time comes that I should be so lucky to become a grandparent, I know I'll have one heck of a time waiting until I'm given the "all clear/we're ready for visitors." Patience is a virtue, but 5 MONTHS??? Her wiring must be all sorts of screwed up.
My mom used those two because they were the few fragrances she found that didn't give her a raging headache. I guess I inherited her sensitivities. I really like perfume, but have to be very careful what I wear or I'll be down for the count with a slamming headache, too. My poor sister can't wear ANYTHING without getting one humdinger of a migraine. Even certain candles will do her in. :(
&gt;But I feel hugely let down by SO. Would this cause most people to just leave? Give up on ever working out the relationship? If you are asking this question, I think you already know the answer deep in your heart. Like the notes at the sidebar say: *It's easier to dump a mama's boy than to divorce a mama's boy, and both of those are easier than trying to change a mama's boy. ~/u/pastelegg* You've asked a question or two. Your SO has answered. Right now, HE is not ready for a healthy emotional relationship with someone other than his mother, at least not a 100% committed relationship. It doesn't make him a *bad* guy, but simply a confused one when it comes to proper family dynamics. Sure, the sex might be great with you, but unfortunately his wiring is such that he doesn't know HOW to disengage his overly strong emotional attachment with his mom. It would take effort on his part as well as yours for him to learn how to do this successfully. It doesn't sound like he's ready to put forth the effort, at least with the info you've given. If FMIL is using either one of her sons as "sonsbands," you can bet your bottom dollar she will fight tooth and claw to keep them emotionally attached to her in an unhealthy way. His mother sounds like a first class nightmare. You have to ask yourself if you are willing to put up with her antics for the rest of the time she has here on earth.
I'll bet they saw/continue to see absolutely NOTHING wrong with their actions! :(
My mom's dad was a first born American of Lithuanian parents. His parents (my great grandparents) wanted him to be 100% All American, so he learned very little of his parents' language. I've entertained the idea of learning the language, but man! The written word looks nothing like it's pronounced, at least to my English-speaking brain!
Considering some of these MILS, I'm thinking it would flavored more with sulfur and desperation, perhaps topped with a hefty serving of selfish sauce. Oh, yeah. Can't forget a liberal sprinkling of NUTS! u/Froggyloofa, looks like your family's gift was delivered early. Merry Christmas!
We hung ours on a wall so it could be played with the palms of their hands.
"I'm not going on any guilt trips for Christmas, especially when I haven't packed for one. Thanks for telling me what you want, MIL (*or what your mother wants, DH*--if you're talking to DH about lowering the disappointment hammer to MIL), but plans for Christmas Day have already been made. DD &amp; I are staying home. Grandparents' home as planned on Christmas Eve, and then again on Thursday to see SIL. It's only fair that I get to have Christmas Day with *my* child in my own home. I don't want to be running from pillar to post dragging a 2 year old along with me while trying to placate feelings of other people. It's just not right to be forced to set aside MY Christmas wishes because people want ALL our time for the holidays. Yes, holiday time IS family time, so I hope you'll understand that I'd like some family time for Christmas Day to be strictly spent with the center of MY world, my ittle family." To DH "Perhaps you don't see how giving into ALL your mother's expectations &amp; demands for all our holiday time with each other &amp; DD is unfair. That's too bad, but she IS being unfair to ask for darned near everything to be at her home. MY expectation is to enjoy Christmas Day &amp; Christmas Dinner in our home relaxing quietly with our child in our own little coccoon. We will see everyone else the night before &amp; the Thursday after. Please don't ask me to sacrifice my Christmas Day in my own home with just you &amp; DD, too. Please don't make me give up everything to please someone else. Not on Christmas. Please?"
This is better than any Hallmark Christmas movie I've seen this season!
That is a possibility, but there's a big difference between being wrapped up in your day to day life adventures, and having so little situational awareness you don't take notice of what is happening to others when it's right in front of your face, or make a *conscious decision* not to call it out and put a stop to it. The impression I got from reading your post was that gifts were exchanged while all the family was *together.* Siblings got pretty nifty gifts, and u/Jimini_Krikit...well, he basically got a rock a la Charlie Brown at Halloween. One would hope the siblings would note the egregious disparity of the bountiful gifts they receive when compared with the pittance doled out for their brother's gift &amp; hopefully feel embarrassed enough to rectify the situation during future gift exchanges. It's sad no one has spoken up about your DH continually getting the short end of the stick especially during this last gift exchange with the frames. There was nothing subtle about what happened with his mom's gift giving. Not at all. Something tells me she's been the one orchestrating this nonsense to keep the family dynamics and pecking order just the way she feels ought to be. DH is the scape goat. it's important to her he should be reminded anything he receives is by her grace, and he should be lucky he's remembered at all. "Don't say we didn't give ya anything for Christmas, kid. Have some McDonald's Gift certificates for you both to share. It's good, right? You guys like to eat, right?" Your DH has a golden heart for thinking the best of the situation and of his family.
Teach me your ways, Sensei.
'Tis the season... I made did the same thing, but with a small variation: orange. I used The Pioneer Woman's basic sweet roll recipe (it's a very non-fussy dough to make). Added a beaten egg, cinnamon &amp; allspice along with grated orange zest to the dough mixture, as well more zest to the cinnamon/allspice/ginger sugar mix for the filling. Topped them with a massive amount of cream cheese icing: cream cheese, powdered sugar, a few tablespoons of softened butter, freshly squeezed orange juice, more orange zest, vanilla extract, a splash of half &amp; half, pinch of salt all whipped together. I prefer a more fluid version of icing, too. It gets down into all the nooks and crannies instead of just staying on the top of the roll.
You've got me there. English is sorta like fusion cooking, language style.
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Fan-freaking-tastic way to handle Her Grabbiness!!
"Nope. Secrets! You've been told not to be a Nosey Nellie. No one is getting information about anything. Not a bit. Ask again and I'll rat you out to DH."
Good to hear all around! Happy Baby Growing!
I hope not because this is genius!
&gt; to make it sound like she did it FOR me She didn't do it *for* you. She did it *TO* you, and without permission. It's no different than you having her hair photoshopped a different color because her current hair color is an unflattering color, or you having her skin and face retouched because her style of makeup is out of style &amp; makes her look years older. "MIL, lying about your reasons only compounds the problem. You do realize that at this point we have enough experience with you to take darned near everything you say with a grain of salt because you never have the courage to admit when you've done something wrong. You have gone way too far this time. Actions have consequences. I'm tired of the games &amp; your BS." The consequences you put into place will have to be up to you, and they will have to be severe enough to grab her by the shorthairs and really get her attention.
:::wiping the tears of laughter off my face::: *"ITS FUCKING RAINING TACOS"* needs to be put in the Quotes From JustNoMIL Hall of Fame right beside *"You reap what you sow, Barbara!"* DD2, darling girl, you're gonna go far in life. I can't imagine you having it any other way.
She practically pitched a circus tent on your front lawn and invited the neighbors to witness her meltdown, and then texted a *thank you* message an hour later? Wow, send in the clowns already! That's just...who does that sort of thing thinking it's normal? "Everything will be ok because I sent a *bread &amp; butter* text message thanking her for everything. No harm, no foul, lalalalala. We're good." Say...you don't think your FIL decided he'd try his best to smooth things over on his own by sending the message from her phone pretending to be her, do you?
💜❤️💜❤️💜❤️ ...and they lived happily ever after, much to the chagrin Malig-Nancy and her flying monkeys. Living happily with lots of love is the best revenge.
Aaah, she was sending a well-mannered bitch slap to your kisser. Poor dear completely missed the mark. She really *does* live on an entirely different planet than the rest of us. I wonder what the color of the sky is in her world. You've got her very confused. Good job, you!
So, if you ate chocolate...
So, if you ate chocolate...
LMAO! That last thing I ever thought I'd read here would be references to skeet shooting! Your husband sounds like a super hero in disguise. I would've given anything to have been able to take a mechanics course in high school like the boys got to (I'm ancient). My dad tried to teach me the basics so I didn't sound like a complete idiot when I had to take my car to the shop. At least I can say "when I do *this,* the car does *that,* and I've ruled out *this, that, &amp; the other thing.*" &gt;"I don't have to listen to my wife if I don't want to!" While my mouth would be agreeing to this, my little brain would be thinking "yeah, but I'm much happier when you do!" My DH freely admits to friends that he has to check with CINCHOUSE prior to making decisions that involve the both of us, bless that man for being cool about it. (For you non-military SOs, CINCHOUSE a portmanteau of CinC or,"Commander in Chief," and house. I usually get the final say on big financial stuff and social engagements.)
Next year, email your holiday schedule to EVERYONE, BCC or send individually if necessary so no one gets access to addresses they shouldn't. "HI! Looking forward to seeing each of you at sometime during the holidays. Here is our FIRM schedule. We want zero confusion as to where we'll be on each day like there was last year! Now that everyone has a copy of our schedule, it will eliminate crossed wires so EVERYONE can coordinate their own arrival/departure dates &amp; times with various family. Please note we will be putting our phones on *SILENT* so we won't be disturbed during a visits with family, BUT we WILL check our phone just prior to departure from each residence &amp; give you a heads up we are on our way. Can't wait to see everyone! Ho! Ho! Ho! See you soon!"
You've done such a great job keeping your eye on the prize! Stay strong! Compromise when it's worthwhile, but never settle for less than you and the LOs are worth. May the new year bring a fresh, &amp; healthy start to a happier and prosperous life!
Code word Weasel references make the best stories.
I'm being really nosy here, but do you know the reason why his parents divorced? It couldn't be because his mother was a bossy, complete bitch to his dad every time things didn't go her way, could it? Naw. No way.
Well, actually you can. My grandparents used to do that a lot. Only needs to be endorsed with the proper signatures.
Yes, please!
MILs, out of all the people who receive your schedules have to be told their last minute changes won't mean you will change to flex to their flittering ideas. "MIL, if you alter your schedule on a whim, you do it with the understanding we will probably have to go without seeing each other entirely, or extremely curtail what visit we can make with you. Sorry, but pulling the rug out from people isn't fair to those of us who make plans well ahead of time."
If you can, I'd get your DH to postpone her visit. He can tell her it doesn't matter what her profession WAS, it has no impact on your recovery and that right now you simply are NOT up to receiving company, but once your stamina improves then a visit can be planned. And THEN drop the bomb. "MIL, your interference in my medical care is 100% NOT welcomed, was NEVER requested, and will no longer be tolerated. As it stands now, you are treading in waters you know better than to be in. HIPAA violations are taken very seriously. You will butt out of MY medical care NOW and stay out unless requested otherwise. I don't care whether YOU feel you had the right to step in or not. *I* did NOT request your assistance. DH &amp; I have things well under control and are happy with the hospital administration's response." "You have severely breached the boundaries of trust and medical professionalism. You absolutely know I signed no HIPAA release for anyone to discuss my healthcare with you. I expect you to immediately cease any further contact with anyone concerning my medical care. If you are contacted in the future by anyone concerning me, or my child you will refer them directly to me. I hope I've made myself crystal clear. Frankly, whether what I've just said to you is upsetting is neither here nor there. All I know is it is in no way as upsetting as being informed my husband's mommy is interfering in my business without being asked to do so. I'm glad we could get this straightened out so that there will be zero repetition in the future." [HIPAA: Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act.]
Time to bring your *A* game with a surprise side extra special version of cornbread dressing. You don't want to show up empty handed, right? *"MIL, I thought since it's been difficult in the past for you to remember not to add eggs and you work so hard on making a wonderful dinner, I felt it was best to take the worry out of the equation in case you forgot again. I made an egg free version and made enough to share in case anyone wants to give it a try. Thank you for being gracious enough to allow us to contribute to the meal!"* Bake it ahead of time in a microwave safe dish for easy reheating in the microwave since you know there won't be a lick of room in her oven. (Ahem, is she gonna complain? You bet!) Here's another way to beat her at her own game. If you're driving to her home AND you have a toaster oven, I'd tote that sucker along, too. It can be set up in the garage, or on the patio--anywhere safe &amp; out of the reach of the Littles. *"OH, you say there's no room in your oven or microwave? DH has that all taken care of, don't you, DH! Hon, why don't you go out to the car and get our little oven..."* Fam gotcha covered, MIL! My brother makes a killer version with combo of spicy sausage (he uses *Jimmy Dean* brand, one Sage, &amp; one Hot) that also has rice. He makes a HUGE pan and there are rarely leftovers. Given the opportunity, my youngest would eat nothing but this when he serves it. This recipe is similar to his. [Sausage Cornbread Dressing w/Rice](https://www.yourhomebasedmom.com/sausage-cornbread-dressing/)
&gt; &gt; After spending all day prepping and cooking, my MIL tells us she had a big breakfast and wasn't hungry at all. "Really? Aw, that's a shame. Hey, I have an idea! Since you don't want to eat, would you mind being a sweetheart and get a head start on the pots &amp; pans while the rest of us eat? Maybe by the time we've finished dinner, you'll have a bit room for dessert, and we'll be ahead of the clean up game!"
Please tell me you have re-hidden the spider someplace to startle her! Maybe in her pantry, or in her dryer.
If she brings it up one more time: "Are you heartless, thoughtless, &amp; cruel, or just plain stupid? Pick one, MIL. I just can't figure out any other reason for you to STILL be pushing such a horrifying idea of naming your DOG after my darling sister, especially after seeing the heart-wrenching reaction your inconsiderate suggestion elicited from my own father. Your continued insensitivity is shocking. I'm really disappointed in you."
Because setting the alarm on your cell phone, or bedside table is just too much effort for you, Toxy? FIL should handle calling her. She is HIS wife, not DH's, and not yours.
Don't destroy YOUR credit if the car loan is tied to your name at all. If it is not, tell your brother you're done and he is on the hook for the balance. Ideally, he should reimburse you for the money already paid towards the car loan. Install the safe, DEFINITELY file the report with the police, AND kick that sneaky, unrepentant thief to the curb. Just because she gave birth to you does not entitle to her to steal what is not hers. She has violated your privacy and hospitality time and again. Know your worth. It's time to make her face the cold hard consequences of her horrible behavior. You are worth more than what you've been allowing to continue in your own home. Pack her shit up, behind her back, or right in front of her, and when she asks what you're doing, be blunt. "You've stolen from me one too many times. You've abused my good graces. You are moving out. Where you go or what happens to you is entirely on your shoulders. I no longer care about anything other than getting you out of my home. You are no longer welcome and you will never be allowed to return. You, mother, are on your way out the door, and if you continue on the path you're on, you'll be completely out of my life as well. Start packing. NOW!" Watch her like a hawk. Make sure she doesn't steal even more stuff while packing ops are underway.
Hello! Had an inkling she was quite a piece of work. Well, if you're as dead to her as you think, completely drop the emotional rope and try your damnedest not to allow HER to corral your DH with an emotional rope of her own. Limit the time spent at her home if you can and sloooowly ghost on her. Get your DH to wait several hours before returning text messages, and several days before responding to emails. Don't return voice mails, but instead use text messaging or emails to do so. It will help *him* control the direction &amp; tone of his communications with her. Get him to not take the bait on the emotional hook she is trying to set. She starts in with her "poor meeee" crap, it gets ignored and he returns to the subject at hand. *"Oh, mom, don't be so dramatic. Life is full of disappointments. You should know how to roll with the punches by this stage of your life. Now, like I was saying..."*
Are you redditing on a mobile? If so, look around for a set of three dots(?) to click on to see if it expands or links you to what is normally seen on the desktop version. On the right hand side of the page on the desktop version, r/justnomil has a handy dandy list of acronyms &amp; abbreviations, along with the list of guidelines for the sub, great links for further information in dealing with the JustNos in your life, and some mighty fine words of wisdom. It's worth firing up your ol' PC to check out the links. While you're there, you might want to read through the Hall of MILs. Some of them are absolutely hair raising. "Magda" is, well...that is a descent into madness.
I'd be a real smart ass and have large cards (8"x11") with responses already written out on them. One of the hardest things in life is knowing which bridges to burn and which ones to cross. Personally, sometimes you just have to light that fire, sit back, and watch the world burn. "Yes, MIL. We ALL know your opinion on other adults purchasing a vehicle without your advice." "We do not require a third wheel on our bicycle built for two" "We do not need anyone's permission to buy a car.'" "We purposely chose to buy a new car as the financing, dealer warranties, and technology made for a wiser purchase. YOUR opinion on the matter was ill-formed." "No one is asking for your opinion on our new car purchase during THIS visit either." "Don't you have anything of interest going on in your own life other than your preoccupation with our financial affairs and our car purchases?" "YOU raised your son. One would think you'd have more faith in your own child-raising capabilities." "Do you realize for over a year you've wanked on &amp; on about our car purchase, so much &amp; so often that we knew you'd do it again during this visit. This is your hint to knock it off." "Don't like the way you're being treated? Try changing how YOU treat other people. You'll be pleasantly surprised with the result." "Continued condescension towards other adults will guarantee directions to the closest hotel." "No one asked your opinion on a year old purchase YOU did not make. Continuing to air that same tired opinion is rude. Stop being rude." All these are guaranteed to have her screwing herself into the overhead at the temerity &amp; your audacity to go as far as to make the cards in advance, but so what! Looks like you were right on the money. She is an utter twat. If FIL can't find his stones to remind his wife to watch her manners, then have at it. What's she gonna do? Bad mouth you to friends and family? Not speak to you? Oh, boohoo. EVERYONE knows what an opinionated twatwaffle she is. The people who know you &amp; love you will know better. All she will do is to continue to reinforce the common belief the she is Veruca Salt come to life. Let her stew. Let her rant. She will eventually try to love bomb and get back in your good graces. In the meantime, enjoy the silence.
Talking through baby? "MIL, do *you* feel the baby needs to be burped/fed/*whatever ridiculous thing she says*? LO &amp; I are pretty well in tune, so I'm on top of recognizing LO's needs. Please don't feel you have to voice a question you might have through the baby. You *can* ask me directly." "No, it is not necessary for LO to be held by you while I/we eat. In fact, I'm more comfortable that you eat, &amp; then hold LO later." "Every mother has her own way of doing things. I'm sure you did, but I'm also sure you're wise enough to know not to criticise my way, or goad me to into something which doesn't work for me &amp; my LO. What works for one does not work for all." "MIL, you're being silly. Your baby has grown into a marvelous man, and is doing a tremendous job being a dad to his little ones. I'll bet it's kinda mind-melting to realize how fast your baby has grown up and given me MY baby (that might make her flinch). And someday MY baby will be all grown up and might have babies of her own. Life is wonderful, isn't it?" "Breast feeding is our preferred method of nourishment by choice. I've been blessed that breastfeeding came very naturally for me &amp; the LOs. It would be a tremendous waste to toss aside that gift. And have you priced formula since your children were babies?! Breastfeeding is free, so we can put the money saved towards something else for the children." In a light an airy voice during lunch. "It's sooo good to see you! Yes, we're all doing so well. You know, by the second baby you know what to expect AND you know how to corral everyone else's expectations. So with this in mind, new baby, new Rules of Engagement we expect everyone to follow or suffer the consequences. We're implementing new rules because there were lessons learned from past experience. Ok, here we go:..." "No picking up the baby when the baby is asleep. No, no, no. You're not gonna do it. Wouldn't be prudent." "No taking LO out of my arms or DH's arms without asking AND receiving an answer prior. Always ask. Always." "Don't walk off with baby out of our sight. Just don't. EVER. Don't make me come after yo' butt 'cause, girl...just don't." "ALL baby care, ALL OF IT, including diaper changing, bathing and the like is to be handled by either me or DH. These are simple, but very firm hard core rules. Easy peasy. Break them and suffer the wrath of Mommy. Fair warning. When THIS mommy gets pissed, NO BODY will be happy."
Awww, thank you. I'm just all kinds of trouble looking for a place to happen. ;)
"How DARE you be so presumptious! How dare you tell me I am supposed to go into severe debt giving gifts to people I have never met, and the only association I have with them is distantly being related through my marriage to my husband. It is utter asinine to expect someone who is working TWO jobs supporting my budget conscious household to match dollar for dollar the gifts that were given to me by people in MUCH higher income brackets. What color is the sky in your world??? Where and HOW did you develop this outrageous sense of entitlement? You ought to be ashamed and embarrassed to be exposed as so money-grubbing. I am disappointed for you and in you to realize you apparently think turning the simple Christian act of giving presents at Christmas time (a representation of the gift-giving to the Christ child, mind you) into some mercenary gift-grab would be acceptable by ANY segment of polite society. Perhaps you have forgotten about the tale of the Little Drummer Boy? Complete strangers received the gifts *I* could afford to give. In truth, I actually **went into debt** to give strangers what I could ill afford. Obviously, YOU think my behavior is atrocious, so with this in mind I will be returning each and every gift I can as soon as humanly possible. Rest assured I will include a *very detailed* explanation of exactly why their gifts are being returned. In the future, I have no wish to be included in such a disgusting excuse of a Christmas gift exchange. My family &amp; friends are absolutely horrified at the bastardization &amp; mockery of which you have managed to turn the spirit of the holiday. Madam, we will not speak of this ridiculousness of yours again, and in the future please keep the true spirit of the holiday in mind if you ever expect me to be exchanging Christmas gifts with you ever again."
According to James Bond: "Japanese proverb say, *Bird never make nest in bare tree.*”
This might seem like an odd thing, but has he given any thought to perhaps planting a tree as a nod to the love he had for his mother?
It's not a Moen by any chance, is it?
Don't lie. Tell the truth. Text message your reply so you can control how, if, or when you choose to respond to her tirade. Self-entitled JustNos WILL pitch a hissy fit. It's up to you to find the gumption to roll your eyes, and make it a point to convey that *someone* needs to seriously get over herself because *she* doesn't make the rules for your lives. Don't justify not answering the door, but do inform her the visit was not welcome at the time. You purposely did not answer your door because you did not wish to be disturbed by ANYONE. "Sorry to see you wasted a trip. We are not currently receptive to unplanned visits to Casa LivingWorkingLand, nor will we be receiving any surprise visitors. We thought we had made this clear to everyone. We are asking all potential visitors (including family members) to please call at least a day ahead to inquire whether a short visit works with our schedule. Sorry you wasted a trip, and thank you for understanding." If she goes "high &amp; right," so what. You've stated your policy. She doesn't have to like it, but she does have to understand your policy of calling well ahead to plan a visit WILL be enforced. YOU are an adult with a child. She is nothing more to you than another adult. Stop being afraid of someone who does not control you. She is not your overlord. She cannot send you to your room, or ground you for a month. Try VERY hard not to give a damn. SHE is responsible for her own feelings, and SHE is responsible for realizing not everyone in the world is going to kowtow to her demands or rude behavior. "MIL, if you are going to act like a complete ass, this conversation is over. I think you have forgotten exactly where you stand in the pecking order of MY life. We'll speak again once you have gotten control of your temper. Good-bye."
Take her aside and quietly say "MIL, strep kills infants. Lying about having a strep infection, or encouraging someone else to lie about their health just to be around an unvaccinated infant is reprehensible. I can't imagine a decent human being would stoop to doing something so low. Can you?" And then just walk away. She'll know that YOU know. Later during the visit you can do the old 2 fingers to the eyes just so she knows [I'm watching you.](https://giphy.com/gifs/jaime-king-vRW7OziVKENbi/fullscreen)
It's Retro Saturday! Enjoy this Flashback to the 90's and [be there when I feed the tree!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTtdtURXKqc)
Sometimes people have to be repeatedly brought up short before they understand their bad habit is extremely rude and unbecoming to them. Yes, it might sting for awhile, but the memory of the sting hopefully encourages them to break a bad habit. Facing MIL, "I'm sorry, MIL. I'm afraid you misunderstand. Thank you for your input, but my question is directed to JULIE." Turning yourself away from MIL and to Julie, "Now, Julie, as I was saying, what happened to X? I'm very curious!" MIL interrupts again. "Yes, MIL, I understand; however... Julie, what was it you were saying before you were interrupted?" Aaaand insert the hurt feelings and the explanations of "I was just trying to..." "Yes, MIL, we are all having a conversation, and this is where we learn to allow others to answer for themselves. I understand you were just trying to supply information, but the question was not directed to you. It was directed to someone else. I've been forced to ask Julie the same question twice. PLEASE allow JULIE to answer." Bad behavior like this needs to be corrected. You would truly be doing her a disservice by not encouraging her to knock off an extremely unpleasant habit.
Ok, time to "get your ducks in a row." You're going to beat her at her own game. EDIT-- this is a long read, but I promise it will help you. Do you guys owe her for a "loan" that was actually a gift, but has suddenly turned into something to hold over your heads? Fine. Send her a written letter stating you will pay her a *affordable amount* each month until *your GIFT to us is returned in full.* Double down on making sure your home is in the best condition you can get it. It won't cost you anything but a bit of elbow grease (of course, replacing the damaged door is the responsible thing to do, that's why you're already doing it). Give her absolutely ZERO reason to start eviction proceedings based on the condition of the home. Rent's paid up? Check. The yard &amp; garden look as good as it can according to season? Yep. Trash, debris, gear is tossed, stored, or neatened? Damned straight. In other words, give the house an old fashioned field day. You're going to have to do it when you move out anyway because that's generally what "responsible adults" do. The last thing either of you want is to give her ANY ammunition to use in the future. JustNos save all sorts of "wrongs" in their eyes to use against their targets in the future. By some miracle if it turns out you guys won't be moving out because you've talked some sense into her, you will still have an improved living environment and THAT is good for the psyche. [As someone who has had to live in military housing where certain expectations are **mandatory,** I'm offering tips to fool the eye and to keep her off your back until you can get your move accomplished. Take an extra critical look at your home inside &amp; out. Yard tools, hoses, etc. stored properly. Out door garbage bins out of sight. Front steps/porch swept. Leaves raked, garden beds weeded, or at least mulched so weeds are hidden. Crap inside the house gets organized--dollar store bins in closets can be a lifesaver. Stow the clutter that was on the counters &amp; tabletops. Appliances wiped free of food &amp; fingerprints. Walls &amp; doorframes (especially doorframes) wiped down to remove dirt &amp; smudges. Floors swept/mopped. Bathroom tiles &amp; shower/tub/doors/toilet scrubbed free of dirt, mold &amp; mildew. Windows clean. Vacuum carpets, dust bunnies, ceiling registers and HVAC returns. Do your laundry and put it away. Neaten up your bedroom &amp; force yourself to at least pull the covers up to the pillows if you're not someone who feels compelled to do hospital corners on a daily basis. If she is going to judge you on how well you're "playing at being adults" then rub her nose in it. Make YOUR place look a helluva lot better than how she keeps HER home. Once it is done, take photos for documentation. "What do you mean the yard looks like hell? Does *this* look like the yard is trashed?" and send her a photo.] Find any shred of communication where you informed her of your intention to have roommates. You'll need it to cover your six when she tries to the evict people she was informed would have tenancy, especially if she never objected once she was informed. If you continue to stay, get a basic landlord-tenant agreement signed. You are afforded specific rights as a tenant. Exactly what those rights may be are subject to laws where you reside. Basically, give her no LEGAL reasons necessary for her to enforce her landlord status. Her personal relationship with her son doesn't negate YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS as a tenant. House, inside &amp; out looks great, &amp; yard/gardens are clean &amp; well maintained. Rent is up to date. Utility bills are current. You get the satisfaction of saying to family/grandparents "we have no clue what she is fussing about. The place looks fantastic. Our bills are paid on time--we have the checks to prove it. Any accidentally damage done to the home has been fixed as fast as possible. Not sure what she's telling you, but you might want to take everything else she says with a grain of salt."
And sometimes it STILL doesn't get through to them!
Nope, just lived with the little crumbcrunchers. Oh, and I married a Navy jet jockey, so sometimes it was like having an extra child occupying an adult's body. "You guys did WHAT while on DET??? You put bubble bath in the BOQ fountain AND were throwing beer bottles from the balcony at MONKEYS??? What the hell! What did monkeys do to you? Oh... Well, maybe you guys shouldn't leave your swim trunks hanging from the railings... I don't CARE they were flinging poo. You're lucky the XO didn't catch you guys!? Oh... The XO's got great aim, too? Lovely. By the way, your mother is pissed you didn't call her for her birthday while you were gone."
Oh, honey. You hit the nail on the head with those words!
Here are a few more: r/AnimalsBeingBros/ r/brushybrushy/ r/BABY_ANIMAL_GIFS/ r/AnimalsBeingDerps/ r/EarthPorn/ can be nice when you're not in the mood for animals. My favorite: r/babyelephantgifs/
I want to vote this down so it never sees the light of day! UGH! I've got a serious case of the Oogy Shudders! My brain keeps repeating: "Thank God she wrote EX!!! Oh, thank GOD he's her ex!"
Well, according to the Imgur dump I saw this morning...[Jesus sees EVERYTHING](https://i.imgur.com/I0se0J8.jpg)
And [Boom! Drop goes the mic!](https://giphy.com/gifs/26xBFg4zXVwzdI9lS/html5)
Today we learn CP admits to doing such a crappy job of raising her son to adulthood and so she is afraid he is going to STARVE!!! Evidently she failed to teach him any self-sufficiency skills such as shopping for food, locating food in the pantry or freezer, cooking discovered food, or picking up a telephone and ordering a freakin' pizza or get Chinese food delivered. Will he remember Stranger Danger? And what about the laundry? How will it get done? Did AmbienChronicles make sure to lay out his Garanimals so he can dress himself? Will he remember to always wear a clean pair of undies? Oh, the shame of it all! &gt; Because when that cutie-pie starts actin' a damn fool, I can give her back to her parents. That is why I believe that being an aunt is scads better than being a parent. This sounds like my sister. She's the cool, weird aunt. Life circumstances made it so she never had kids. She's told people in the past *"Every time I felt the pangs of motherhood and felt like I was missing out on something, I'd call my sister and be happy &amp; relieved by the time I hung up the phone. I don't have to worry about who put peanut butter on the dog, or which kid was smacking the other, or how they were putting their butts through college all at the same time."* She's the aunt with all the cool stuff to play with and who says *"Christmas isn't Christmas unless it includes toys, no matter how old you are."*
Their Specialty Toasted Coconut Cake is to die for! "*Bavarian coconut custard filling awaits inside while the toasted coconut whipped topping and fresh toasted coconut steal the show. A drizzle of fudge pairs well with the coconut flavor. We suggest vanilla cake.*" They had their subs on sale a few months ago for $5 each. ALL of their subs. It was a madhouse at the deli counter, especially at the Publix stores in college towns.
She's a nutter and I love her!
It was a new one to me, too.
Are you and FSIL close to the same size? If so, you could offer to purchase it from her so she wouldn't be out any money and then can find something more appropriate. It IS a lovely dress, but there's no way in hell either one of them were so naïve to think it was anything BUT a dress FOR A SPRING WEDDING!!! Hopefully dying it a darker ivory, or perhaps a pale blush or other pastel might be agreeable to them. SOMEONE has to get through to the FSIL that no matter how beautiful the DRESS looks on her, the inappropriateness of her intention to wear a white wedding-like dress to someone else's wedding will look just awful.
Why *should* you ever return if this is the way she treats your husband who is supposed to be a guest in her home? Call her out on things like that. "What a bitchy thing to say! Why are you being so rude? I'm embarrassed for you."
Yep, Cat Butt Face is the original meaning.
She posted that on YOUR page after your post about losing your much loved Good Pup? What the hell is wrong with her? "ATTENTION: Doctor Sniffle, Please be advised the governing bodies exercising jurisdiction over the dispensing of Life Skills Advice to Family Members, Friends, and the Public at Large have immediately revoked your board certifications. This action is based upon an egregious lack of moral and ethical sensibilities in conjunction with continued displays of emotional ineptitude. Please be advised any application for certification reinstatement must first require substantiated &amp; documented proof of complete remission of Cranial Rectal Inversion Syndrome."
You know, I think you and that shiny steel spine of yours just might want to take over ALL the communication with BC. Your shut down of her attempt at changing the visiting schedule was glorious.
The back of a spoon applied *just so* and with enough force might really get her attention, along with the comment of "I want my leftovers IF I manage to have any, and if YOU feel the meal you've ordered isn't enough for your appetite, for Pete's sake, order an additional side and quit stealing food from other diners!" Over-eating can be a serious addiction. To your knowledge, has she ever spoken with her doctor about it?
Gestational diabetes can strike both extremely slender AND overweight women. It can usually be managed with careful attention to diet with great outcomes for mom &amp; baby; however, once you've delivered and your body still insists it's taking that train to BeetusWorld, things REALLY can go sideways fast. Years &amp; years ago I teetered on the edge of being pre-diabetic. Found a wonderful doctor who pointed me in the right direction. For me, it involved learning that simple carbs (wheat flour, sugar, etc.) were akin to metabolic poison and eating them jacked up EVERYTHING. I changed the way I ate, the way I exercised. I changed my world. In return, it changed me and how I reacted to crapstorms in my life. Every now and then I go off the rails and dive into a bag of Cheese Doodlez and don't come up until I reach the seam at the bottom, or eat my weight in Kirkland Kettle Fried Waffle Chips. I recognize it for what it is--stress eating. Part of it is learned behavior which is a bear to unlearn, and part of it is a physical reaction to stress causing the body to want to self-medicate. Serotonin and Dopamine neuro-transmitters LOVE those simple carbs! These last several months have been one helluva challenge handling some serious curveballs being thrown at me. I find myself standing in the middle of the grocery store aisle talking myself out of buying that crap. It would probably be impossible at this stage of the game to get your mom into seeing someone who specializes in eating disorders, because even with proper diet, those gremlins still run amok in the brain.
Here you go: [TIFU by throwing my steak out a window](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3im341/tifu_by_throwing_my_steak_out_a_window/) [His wife's version of events is pretty good, too](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7jbzcf/tifu_by_allowing_my_husband_to_come_to_dinner_at/)
A suggestion? Here you go. Three simple, magical words: "No thank you." Use these powerful words coupled with a steely resolve NOT to jump when she orders you to jump. MIL: *Come help me cook* Creditmesuerant: "No thank you." MIL: *But I need your help.* Creditmesuerant: "I heard you summon me, but as I said, no. I'm good here. But thank you for asking." MIL: *:::Rage sputters::: You will help! I am not asking you. I am telling you.* Creditmesuerant: "No, that's ok. But I will ask *so&amp;so* to help you. MIL, please understand I do not wish to be domesticated. I will learn how to cook the things which need cooking on my own time in my own way. Thank you for attempting to teach me YOUR ways; however, I am most content with MY ways. You will have to learn to be content with them as well. There are others here who can help you. Which one do you prefer?" The three magic words can be credited back to u/schnitzeldehuahua, and her genius ways of handling her own pushy MIL. I encourage you to read her posts. Here is her wonderful [The Magic Words: No Thank You](https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/622wgb/the_magic_words_no_thank_you/) Do not do what you do not want to do. Remember this bit of vital information: she may be your SO's mother, but she is not yours. There is no reason to fear her. You are an adult. She honestly has zero say in telling you what to do, or how to do it (unless you are dancing on her tabletops or throwing fruit on the floor in her home-- THEN she can ask you to knock off the bad behavior or leave, or BOTH). Yes, yes, I know. Asian culture dictates...HOWEVER, the world turns, and most societies now say slavery in deeply frowned upon whether it's a cultural dynamic or not. MIL wants or needs help? Well then, she needs to call on her maid to perform those tasks instead of forcing a guest in her home to tackle them. Use the power you hold deep inside. Learn to say "No," and follow through with your refusal.
Have pointy stick. Have reputation of poking bears. Am fun at family get-togethers. Known pot-stirrer, and fire-starter. The flames are so very pretty.
"Mom, I acknowledge your feelings of missing out on this particular shower; however, *YOU* are neglecting to comprehend this shower is not about you &amp; your feelings. The shower is for *me* and the guest list is comprised of *my friends*. This shower is being given BY MY FRIEND FOR MY FRIENDS TO HELP ME CELEBRATE AND WELCOME MY CHILD. Just like you, my MIL has not been invited to this baby shower. You offered to throw a separate baby shower for our side of the family just as she has offered to throw one in DH's hometown for HIS family. I'm not going to entertain any more discussion about the guest list for this particular shower. You aren't on it. DH's mom is not on it. You &amp; I are through talking about it."
Depends on your "sticks." Standard sticks where I live in the Deep South generally are 8 ounces each, 4 sticks to a box (1 pound). Butter quarters can be a challenge to find sometimes, but I like them so much better.
Try freezing after shaping rolls and placing into a pan, but before the second rise. When you need the rolls, defrost and allow to rise until almost double and then bake according to the directions.
"Darling, it *would* be nice to have an entire weekend to ourselves without it constantly being encroached upon by requests from your mother for tasks that any other person could do for her. I swear, sometimes I feel like I am competing with a side chick. Her little tasks and odd jobs are occupying what should be our free time together. I don't like feeling I have to compete for time with my own husband. Afternoon *fun* time is an impossibility because we're not in our own home, we're at hers instead. Gotta tell you, sweetheart. Being at your mother's every freaking weekend is putting a damper on our love life. Now, maybe it's exactly what your mom intends. I'm beginning to think it *IS* especially since she is continuing to tell you to leave me. So here is what's going to happen next weekend. When your mom calls you once again for another thing that apparently no one else in the world can fix, you can either offer to call in a repair person, yard service tech, or whatever she needs, or you go alone. I have become extremely resentful of having each and every weekend spent somewhere other than my own home. It's not fair to US as a couple. I'm leaving the choice up to you. You can spend your freetime doing odd jobs at your mother's house, or you can stay home to enjoy the benefits of being married and relax for the weekend." I hope he chooses wisely. Make weekend plans of your own from now on. You DO have a choice, and his behavior has consequences. It may not be fun putting your foot down and making a fist, but your situation will not change unless you are willing to change your behavior/reactions too.
I wish I could take credit for the recipe. It's from a cooking blog I ran across years ago. She eventually ended up on tv and turned the simple cooking blog into an empire. [Blueberry Lemon Sweet Rolls](https://thepioneerwoman.com/cooking/blueberry-lemon-sweet-rolls/) I warn you, her version of the icing is on the extreme side although decadently rich. Also, I've switched up several things when I make this recipe. I add 2 beaten eggs to this particular recipe as well as a liberal amount of cinnamon and grated nutmeg to the lemon sugar used. The recipe calls for melted butter instead of extremely soft butter spread over the dough. Personally, I think the softened butter and a spreader is the way to go. Unless one uses the dental floss method of cutting the dough, the rolls are a bit messy to cut when using melted butter.
Not responding to the invitation can be used as another little knife MIL can shove into OP. "See? She made him even ignore our invitation to myyyy birthday paaaaarty! So cruel!" Much better to respond in a very traditional old school manner: *MissSephy &amp; DH regrettably must decline the kind invitation to this occasion of the celebration of [MIL's name] birthday on [date] at [location/place]. We find we are otherwise engaged during this time frame. Please allow us this opportunity to convey our best wishes for a successful celebration. MissSephy &amp; DH.* Polite, to the point, and just this side of practicing [the Social Cut](https://regencyredingote.wordpress.com/2013/09/27/the-cut-the-ultimate-final-social-weapon/). You decline with grace and a vague excuse of having other plans while at the same time wishing her the best of the day.
Hand her a plastic grocery bag. *"Here, MIL. This is for you. Please use this bag to dispose of your used tissues rather than leaving them scattered around the house. I think you'll find using the bag much more hygienic and less unsightly than leaving crumpled used tissues for others to clean up."* *"With DH gone, I find I need a space for my own privacy and peace of mind. I'm declaring both my bedroom AND my bathroom as an off limits zone from here on out. Please do not enter either spaces without my express permission. No exceptions to this request. This includes attempting to gather laundry which I have emphatically stated prior I absolutely do NOT want you to touch. Do not touch our laundry. I'm not sure how more clearly I can make this statement. Yes, DH allowed you to use it on earlier visits; however, for this visit you'll have to make do with the guest bath. If you find the guest bath is no longer acceptable, I can make a list of the hotels closest to us which you might find more suitable. Thank you for understanding."* *"Good grief, MIL. Why in the world are you crying over a simple request being made of you? In no way, shape, or form should asking you to follow very basic rules of the house result in tears? Do you see ME crying because you've chosen to ignore something I've asked of you? No, you do not. Now, we like to keep our household running smoothly while DH is away. The best way to do this is to follow the routine &amp; schedules we I have in place for a reason. Not following our Plan of the Day creates unwelcome disruptions and more work."*
Hope it's smooth sailing while your DH is away. I let my in-laws watched my kids when I got the incredible opportunity to meet my husband in Spain when the ship made what turned out to be the only port call for almost six months. I came home to two 4 year olds with double chins, fat thighs, and big bellies, and an 8 year old who was mad that her favorite play clothes had gotten too small to wear. Seems my MIL and SIL fed my children at Burger King for lunch every day (with full sugar soda) and for dinner probably for over half their dinner meals. Breakfast was Cuban pastries. Snack time=chips &amp; cookie time. These were kids that loved just about every vegetable put in front of them, raw or cooked, and were pretty great about eating a variety of meat so there was no excuse that they were "fussy eaters." I was horrified!
Make it gin and we've got a deal. For whatever reason after drinking both reds and whites forever, I'm finding wine is giving me a wicked headache by the second glass and I'm sick to my stomach by the third! I don't have a problem with spirits so bring those Gin &amp; Tonics right on over. My doctor says that my scratch tests came back with me being very sensitive to Saccharomyces cerevisiae--brewer's yeast, so that probably explains why my nose used to become so clogged up when I drank beer. I've heard the stuff is in wine, too. :( It sucks.
It's one of my favorites along with their Sapphire East! I'd also like to get my hands on a bottle of Portobello Road Gin Local Heroes 3, but unfortunately it's not available in the States (at least not that we've found).
I was hoping someone else would mention the possible benefits of a ketogenic diet on infertility. It's one of the easier less costly ways of perhaps improving the odds of fertilization and a successful pregnancy. Depending on your understanding of medical terminology this might be worth taking a gander at [The Effect of Low Carbohydrate Diets on Fertility Hormones and Outcomes in Overweight and Obese Women: A Systematic Review](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5372867/). It looks like they might be on to something. Just as an anecdote, I worked with a woman who suffered severe PCOS and tried for years to become pregnant. 8 months after starting keto, she had not only dropped a bit of weight, found her symptoms had improved, but became pregnant during the 8th month. She had an adorable little boy.
Can't quite tell how big this turns out to be. I'm guessing between 10 and 12 inches? It looks great! I've come up with a few variations on the Fathead crust, but it tends to slow my gut down, too, and never quite gives me that doughy crispy crunch I'm craving. This might be on the menu for tomorrow night. Thanks for posting!
&gt;...and he needs to back you up. Just like she would back him up! *"I'm sorry, MIL, if you think it is rude of us to ask you follow the Rules of Our Home while staying here, or stick to the guidelines we have in place for our children. Personally, I think it's rude of you NOT to abide by those rules, but then I was raised to recognize parents were the arbitrators of how &amp; what their children were taught, that a person's home was their own domain, and no one had the right to come in and stomp all over the rules of that home just because they wanted to do things their own way, rules be damned. This is the way DH &amp; I run our home. So, no more crocodile tears over how other adults raise their children or operate their household, please. It's...unbecoming and a waste of time &amp; emotion at best."*
&gt; crying g that she "cant say anything" to me. "Well, Mom, the only reason I can think of is perhaps many of the things you *do* say to me are delivered as criticisms. It's rather disheartening to realize no conversation with you is free from criticisms over something I have said or done that hasn't met with your approval. It's like receiving a compliment that's always followed with a *but.* 'You have such a pretty face, but...' You know, sometimes a person would like to have a simple conversation without being told they've done something wrong, or they are responsible for some personal disappointment. Constantly pointing out faults, or supposed wrongs in a person's character makes people not want to engage with those who come across as hypercritical. Perhaps it might help to put the shoe on the other foot and ask yourself how you'd like to be reminded of your missteps and faults every time we spoke. Being hypercritical can be a habit we fall into. Sometimes we need to have that habit pointed out to us so we stop hurting people we value with our constant criticism. I'm not trying to be mean to you. Being mean to you would be allowing you to continue hurting the feelings of others when you constantly point out the things that in your opinion they're doing wrong. I'm trying to call your attention to hurtful behavior."
I like this idea with the exception of knowing that great sea of consciousness is going to contain some consciousnesses that were real assholes while here on earth. It's bad enough to be stuck for a few short hours in an airplane with a jerk. It's something else to think we might be bumping into them over and over while bobbing around in that Great Energy Ocean. Mean people suck.
Ugh! So she's one of *those* military spouses. Man! That's disappointing to hear. They taint the rest of us with their *Do you know who my husband is* buttheaded attitude. (I'm betting there's a taint &amp; butt joke in there somewhere.) Women like that grind my gears. My mom used to say "yeah, we also serve, those of us who are stuck at home wiping noses and wiping butts, but that was our CHOICE. We're not special. We volunteered!" The only thing being a military spouse entitles you to is lots of time figuring out stuff on your ow--like how to keep the kids from turning the house upside down while you're single-handedly doing things that need to be done, or knowing which store has the best prices on "c" size batteries and Mommy-juice. It's a WIN if it's the same place you can buy groceries, a snapset kiddie pool, a garden hose, ponytail holders, and yoga pants with a shopping cart big enough to hold two toddlers. ;) Pig Farmer's "I can DO this on my own/I can BE on my own/[Yo, girl! Get outs my way! I got this!](https://ih0.redbubble.net/image.595350289.2302/poster,840x830,f8f8f8-pad,1000x1000,f8f8f8.jpg)" skills should honed to a knifepoint sharpness by now. Quit complaining, Pig Farmer Karen, and learn to make better choices! She's gonna have a shit fit and fall down in it if/when you guys move to a new house, hopefully miles away from her and in a gated community.
It takes time to get your footing and there will be plenty of times you'll find yourself knuckling under to her fussing, but I promise you each time you put forth the determination to stand by your own decisions, it will become easier for you to do what YOU feel is best for your life. She WILL whine, cry, and complain, but that's ok. That's what she has done for years because it's worked for her and she will double down with her efforts. It's up to you to live your life by your rules and remember her job of parenting you. Being in charge of your day to day living, has come to an end. One can still love their child while still remembering that kid is now an adult. As long as she has confidence in how she raised you, she should have confidence in the choices you make and realize it's high time to drop the reins.
Others have mentioned contacting your MIL ahead of delivery, and since it appears that while your DH has no problems making a baby, he DOES seem to be misguided on what is best for his child AND his wife. In light of this, contact MIL prior to her arrival. You're going politely drop some Rules of the Road and Expectations For Your Stay info on her while under the guise of looking forward to seeing her and for all the help with the house you're sure she'll handle like a pro. *"MIL, delivery day is almost here! I'm sure you are asexcited as we are to welcome Little One into the world. DH tells me you have already booked a room at a hotel for your visit. I can't tell you how comforting it is to have a MIL who understands getting our little family into a routine takes a bit of time and that having houseguests would not make that an easy feat. Thank you for this! We're looking forward to having your help with the day to day household chores and you are so wonderful to offer to help us with these things.* *As we've discussed in the past (even if you haven't, pretend like you HAVE and that she agrees with the idea), taking care of all the baby's needs will fall to me. It's extremely important LO and I get into the rhythm of our lives as soon as possible so for the first few months, or so I will be the one to comfort &amp; feed the baby, get the baby out of the bassinet if he/she is fussing, bathe baby, and all the other things that go with mothering.* *Since my attention will be focused on the baby for the first few weeks, I can't tell you how nice it will be to have both you and my dear aunt here to handle cooking, cleaning, DH's laundry--LOL-- &amp; grocery shopping for us while we settle in with the baby. I feel sorry for those women who have relatives who offer to help, but then realize their offer of 'help' turns out what they really mean is only holding the new baby while the poor new mother is stuck with cooking and cleaning up after everyone. I can't even begin to imagine what in the heck those relatives are thinking, can you? Ugh! A new mom needs help with the house, NOT help holding her baby while SHE does the chores. That's known as 'hleping' instead of 'helping' ;)* *We'll make sure to make a helpful list of where the closest grocery stores are located, a few parks for you to visit if you need some quiet time to relax or exercise in the fresh air, and we'll try to have plenty of meat, chicken, etc. in the freezer as well as fresh vegetables stocked in the refrigerator. If you have a favorite brand of snacks, beverages, or coffee, please let us know so we'll have it on hand for you.* *Keep your cell phone charged in the coming days, and wish us luck! What a great adventure this is going to be for all of us! See you soon!"* As others have said, keep snacks and water on hand in your room. Keep the baby in your room if you can swing it, and baby wear as much as you can comfortably handle. It might be a bit touch &amp; go with babywearing in comfort if you have a C-section. Go ahead and let MIL hold the baby while you poop or take a shower. In fact, I'd recommend having her stop what she's doing, and hand her the baby with a *"MIL, will you do me a huge favor and hold LO while I take a quick shower/go to the bathroom?"* YOU asking her to hold the baby disarms some of the accusations of you babyhogging. Do what you have to do, and then sweetly thank her while you scoop baby right out of her arms. "Ahhh, that shower felt wonderful! Come here, my little squish:::scoop baby::: Did you have a goodtime with grandma? Grandmas give the best cuddles! Yes, they do! Thank you, MIL. I hope LO wasn't too fussy. I think it might be time for a feeding." And off you go to feed the baby in privacy. You're clean. MIL got to hold the baby, and you got that check in the block. As for your DH, appeal to his 'little brain." Remind DH the more help you have with the HOUSEWORK &amp; cooking, and the less physical activity where you are forced to walk or stand a lot, the faster repairs to "the amusement park" will go. Good luck! May your delivery be easy and quick, and remember there are all sorts of ways to get what you want. You just have to have to take different, or sometimes less confrontational approaches. If you do it the right way, most poor suckers never know they've been played.
I thought about the baby carrier, but then realized IF MIL was actually helping around the house with everything, it was the perfect disarming technique, especially if aunt is there to make sure MIL won't attempt some quick-change artistry to get photos with the baby in all the new outfits she brought. Too many grandmothers are all about the facebook photo ops and something tells me ol' hubster's not going to care if baby's face is permanently spread across the internet for all to see. I could be wrong, but in light of his current attitude...well. You know.
I'd beat her at her own "I'm a forgetful ditz/Oh, I'm such a crazy gal!" The next time you have the opportunity to see her semi-alone, sidle up alongside her and while laying a gentle hand on her arm sweetly say, *"FMIL, I'm beginning to be concerned about something and I'm really not sure what to do. I've noticed over the last several months quite a few things have been 'slipping your mind.'* *Now, I know there's a lot going on with the wedding plans, and you've been busy with one project or the other, but these memory slips are becoming quite frequent, enough so that I'm beginning to write down when I notice them. I think FDH might be keeping track as well.* *We're concerned and want you to have the information to take to your doctor to get things checked out once the wedding is over and life has settled back down, especially if the forgetful spells continue. Early intervention is important. It could be something as simple as you needing a bump of replacement hormones, your thyroid could be going on the fritz, or it could be something more serious like a series of TIAs, early onset Alzheimer's, or God forbid, a tumor. I'm concerned for you and I want you to promise me you will get a check up right after the wedding. We want you around for a long time."* This isn't concern-trolling because memory issues in ANYONE should be checked out, whether they are a JustNo or a JustYes. If she's been jerking you guys around, she's going to have to find a different way of making life difficult because you're keeping tabs on her "forgetfulness." If she really does have symptoms of something afoot, then it is a kindness to both her and the family to get it diagnosed and treated if possible. Fingers crossed for it being nothing more than conniving bitchery.
Bless poor MIL's heart. She'll just have to do without seeing all of you since doctor's orders "confine you to base." Doc also stated you needed to slow down, elevate your ankles above your hips for several hours a day, and take an extra nap or two when you can. Of course, DH needs to be around to keep BusyBeeBigGirl from manifesting that mayhem two year olds instantly create out of thin air, not to mention helping you with the day to day tasks of running the house while he's home. I'm sure she remembers those last weeks of pregnancy feeling like a giant parade balloon, right? And don't forget...she's raised DH to be such a helpful &amp; thoughtful man. There's no way in heaven he'd EVER consider putting his wife or baby in danger by not following doctor's orders now, is there? ;) No, sirree, bobcat tail! He's gonna stick by her side like gum on a shoes 'cause he's an A #1 All Around Great Guy™!
"Why, thank you, MIL! I live in hopes of inspiring the downtrodden everywhere to rise up and fight against their oppressors. Most people don't realize that mild-mannered SIL is not a woman to be trifled with. "
My inner imp says post that voicemail calling you a cunt to social media. You know, Cry 'Havoc,' and let slip the dogs of war! Technology and one mouthy bitch of a future mother-in-law who makes free with her opinions is one helluva combination--a real life Deus ex Machina. She started this shitfest. You end it with her own words served right up to her on a silver social platter.
What's she going to do? Start hating you and calling you names? I'm just stirring up trouble, but you *might* hint to her the next time you speak with her you have the recording *"...and I plan on keeping it so I can always remind myself exactly where you &amp; I stand with each other. You know, they say when someone shows you who they are, believe them. Thank you for the warning. Thank you for showing us BOTH exactly who you actually are."*
&gt; ...what Sansa says to Littlefinger. I guess I'm *really* going to have to sit down &amp; finally watch Game of Thrones, aren't I?
If she ever throws it up in your face how you couldn't be bothered to see the woman, reply back *"I'm sorry, MIL, but the travel arrangements for the burial, my family obligations, not to mention the complete emotional overload of the day absolutely precluded any attempts at carving out additional time to spend visiting your sister. My time with family needed to be front and center. I certainly was NOT in the mood to tra la la over to anyone's home and force a happy mood when the day was anything but. I'm sorry, but I just don't have the wiring to disregard the emotional needs of those I love &amp; care about in the name of having fun. Aunt knows why I couldn't visit, and that's all that matters."*
&gt; ...she always has to be right and it's exhausting to try explaining my viewpoint. "It's possible you could be right, but it could go in the other direction. Time will tell." &gt;...always gets told she didn't mean it like that and he's misinterpreting things. *"You know, I think the problem here, Mom, is words have certain meanings. It's understandable people get confused if you're not saying what you actually mean, or being vague when trying to make a point. It's unfair to others to become upset with them when they become confused because what you said was 180 out from what you actually meant."* To FDH, *"Sweetheart, the wedding planning is getting out of control and is becoming more like a nightmare than the dream wedding I've imagined. You've heard the old saying 'too many cooks ruining the dish'? Well, what we have is too many cooks trying to plan this wedding. Too many ideas &amp; plans being pushed on us by both sides (saying 'both sides' will make it seem less aggressive towards his mother's interference). I'm making a Command Decision and scrapping a few things. Number one on the list will be no rehearsal dinner. It's an unnecessary expense all the way around. If we absolutely need to rehearse the wedding, we can do a quick thing one evening with the wedding party, or a late morning thing the weekend prior and then go to lunch with everyone. I KNOW your mother said she'd host it, but why in the world should we waste those funds when they can be put towards the actual day of the event? Makes zero sense."* *"Number 2. How can I put this...the things I want for my wedding, OUR wedding seem to get poo-pooed, and I'm told I'm wrong for wanting them. It feels like there's ALWAYS an opinion against the choices as a Bride I should be entitled to make for my own darned wedding. It feels like the only thing I'm allowed to do is stand there and look pretty while I say 'I do.' I don't like feeling this way, and every time I think about how way too many decisions you &amp; I should be making on our own are being usurped by the opinions from everyone else, it makes me incredibly disappointed. I'm telling you this because I want you to be prepared for the upheaval that's coming. This is our wedding, yours and mine. You &amp; I are officially taking back the planning. Today. Right now. I don't care who starts tearing out their hair or crying big fat tears. Baby is tired of being put in the corner."* *"No rehearsal dinner. Flower and color choices will be the ones that we choose. Venue will be where you &amp; I think is best for our needs. Reception food will be according to our preferences. We don't need suggestions for tablescapes, music choices, or guest favors. Our parents got to plan their weddings. Now it's OUR turn. You are going to have to turn a deaf ear to the complaints you'll hear from your side of the family just like I will have to do, but unless we're willing to make a fist and take back our wedding plan, this wedding is going to be the dream wedding of other people, not us."* As for you, Rose_Diamond, you're going to have to implement the fine art of agreeing that ideas are quite lovely, but then steaming along to do your own thing. "Yes, tulips are such a great suggestion." Then you go right along and order a thousand yellow daisies if it suits you. Password protect every darned thing you can think of. Allow NO ONE except yourself to make changes, not even your FDH (just in case his mother tries to force a change). Grey rock: "Great idea! Thanks for the suggestion. We've got it handled!" and then change the darned subject to anything other than the wedding. Make yourself unavailable for video phone calls, or any other discussions about the wedding. Everything is "taken care of/handled/arranged/I'll have to get back to you on that/what an interesting suggestion." From here on out, everything goes through you because YOU have the master check list. You *"don't want to leave anything to chance. Besides, this is the only wedding I plan to have. I'm looking forward to planning my own wedding just like I'm sure you enjoyed planning your own."* For the sake of good planning, get a day planner and write down every single thing that needs to be done, and a schedule for getting them done AND for follow up phone calls to ensure it's getting accomplished. You've got to be super organized to keep her mitts off the planning. Your choices and decisions ARE worth standing up for and so are you. Please stop being afraid of saying "no, that won't work for us." It is upon FMIL to handle her own disappointments AND her own emotions at not getting her way over someone elses wedding. She might be your FDH's mother, but she is NOT yours. She's just another woman with too much excitement and a misguided sense of entitlement to the planning of another woman's wedding. Yes, it IS her son who is getting married, but it is her SON who should be making his own choices as to the planning of his wedding to a woman who is not his mother. You CAN do this and all she can do is bitch, moan, and complain about trying to plan a wedding that was never hers to plan.
While you are waiting to hear from your insurance company, check online to see where the nearest [Travelers Aid Society](https://www.travelersaid.org/) is. It's very possible they can find you less expensive lodging, provide bus tickets, etc. It's worth a shot contacting them.
LOL! Hello, fellow procrastinator! I Just had a three foot section of quarter round attack me from the inside corner of our pantry door yesterday morning. I stuck it there thinking I'd re-install it in the pantry once the kitchen remodel was complete. Remodel job has been done for at least 4 years. Guess I need to get hammering.
Until midnight tonight (June 4) Woot.com has a Roomba for $220+s/h. Was surfing woot just before I popped over to reddit this evening and saw it being offered. Woot was one of the original deal-a-day sites and was purchased by Amazon a few years back. If you're a Prime customer, shipping is free.
Naw, in order to qualify as one she'd have to have a bit of depth and warmth. Although, she does sound slippery, so there's that...
Chiming in to add support to the compromise of Grandpapa, or perhaps even PopPop?
One person in my family commented it smells like toasted coconut popcorn. As for the hair rinse--I found the vinegar smell to be mild and I really only smell it again when I step back in the shower the next day. I use a variety of Wen shampoo. I wash my hair with the Wen, rinse it out and then apply the vinegar rinse, swishing it around and then rinse it well. My hair feel like it has a bit more lift at the roots, but nothing that wows me enough to think about buying a full size. I DID pony up for the smaller size of the Christophe Robin Cleansing Volumizing Paste. With the heat &amp; humidity where I live, there are days I want the extra volume &amp; lift at the roots. Give the Lancome a try. It won't add a lot of bulk, but will help lengthen your lashes and you might find your mascara glides on a bit better and last longer.
Try mashed rutabaga/yellow turnip/swedes, or pureed/whipped celery root as the pie topping. Even pureed/whipped broccoli with butter, salt, and Philadelphia cream cheese is pretty darned good, too.
Thank you. Life is just too damned short &amp; unpredictable to allow the bitches of the world to roll over us like we are only put on this Earth to cater to their self-important expectations. I'll give people the benefit of the doubt several times over because all of us can have really bad days, or even weeks. I'll try to help within the best of my abilities, but if it gets me repeated backlashings, I'll step away to let you get on with being you. Be a jerk all you want to others in your world, but please don't expect to be included in *my* world for very long. I know my worth. I can't make someone love or respect me if they choose not to, but I *can* chose not to tolerate inconsiderate behavior. Be nice, be kind, or begone.
Lately, I've been craving weirdly specific things like thinly sliced deli ham (and not the sweet stuff) spread with cream cheese and rolled up around a 1/4 spear of a **Heinz** dill pickle. It has to be a Heinz, too. I'll eat three or four of them in a row if I'm not careful and then be a bloated swollen mess in the morning because I retain water like Hoover Dam. Husband says I'm probably craving more salt because I've been sticking pretty religiously to a keto lifestyle since Easter.
I guess it depends on the size of the jeans you're trying to get back into. ;)
I steam the heck out of a very large head of broccoli until it's quite soft and then pulverize it with a stick blender. Mix in salt, butter, and about 50-60 grams of cream cheese until thoroughly combined. All that fat helps transform it into something quite lovely. You can add freshly grated Parmesan cheese to the mixture for a bigger pop of flavor.
My husband once lost his cool with my mother while trying to program her VCR for her. "Goddammit, *my mom's name*, would you stop trying to tell me how to do this? If the Navy thinks I'm capable enough to fly complicated jets worth millions of dollars, I think I'm capable enough to program your damned VCR. Now, do you want it programmed or not?" Massive Catbutt Face ensued. He later told me "Hell, she'd probably tell me I'm breathing wrong if she had half the chance!" He wasn't wrong. That was the summer she tried to tell us all how to properly dry ourselves when we got out of the shower so our towels wouldn't get so wet and how long to cook angel hair pasta. I think of her everytime I cook the stuff. The pasta incident became family lore.
Like Alice in Wonderland! Love it! My little sister prefers calling them "Babs Bar." Every Babs she's ever known has worn headbands like that. Guess it's like those "Talk to your manager" haircuts. Things get nicknamed for a reason.
Have Dad leave a note behind when he heads to the hospital with ALL the car keys: "You're being left home because you have been drinking (or he can flat out say You are drunk. Again.) I am turning off my cellphone. If you have an emergency, call emergency services, not me. I will not be answering my phone. I will turn my phone back on and send a photo of daughter &amp; grandbaby when they are ready for photos." Alcohol is an addiction. It can be hard for the addict to admit they have a problem, and sometimes it takes a hard rattling of that cage they're in before they decide their drinking is effecting every part of their life. Fingers crossed the baby will provide the impetus your mom needs to make those first steps to sobriety. Wishing you an easy-breezy delivery!
When you tell them "no," it is imperative you be blunt when you deliver your response. Don't be like those moms in the grocery store who tell they little ones "no" but then eventually relent and give in to the whining. Relenting only teaches the in-laws all they have to do is continue to push before they get their way. "MIL, I feel I must make something extremely clear to you and FIL. You are not invited to this wedding, nor do we require babysitting services of any sort. You are not included on our trip. The assumption that you ever were to be included is an extreme overreach on your part and constant assumptions of how and where we want to spend our time need to be hauled up short. Do NOT book a hotel room for yourselves. Do not ignore what we are telling you. You will NOT like the consequences at all." In the future, "Sorry, neither day will work. There are plans that cannot be changed. I will have to get back to you at a later date. Oh, what's that? You haven't seen *your baby?* Well, your baby is hard at work right now, but I'm sure DH is just fine--just busy as usual. Oh, you mean my LO? :::insert little amused laughter::: Did you realize you called my baby 'your baby?' :::in an exaggerated Southern drawl::: *Oh, no, Hon'! Dis baby MY baby! Your baby is big and grown.*:::in normal tone of voice::: Your amazing GRANDchild is doing beautifully."
&gt;I believe that a granddaughter is no assurance of your own damn child isn't. Crap. Crap. Crap. It stinks that she just doesn't get it. Realizing her alcoholism is going to continue to ruin what's left of her own life, and impact on the lives of those who try to love her is a heavy thing you to have to carry. It's not easy to cut one parent out of your life while trying to keep the other one in your circle, but if that's what it takes to keep you &amp; your little family safe from the fallout of her addiction, then so be it.
Her complaint was that "your father &amp; I don't like pasta cooked al dente." My father didn't give a rat's ass, but I refused to cook angel hair or capellini pasta for 8 freaking minutes and have it turn to mush. Maybe I was being an ass about it, but sometimes you have to make a stand. I try to think back to how my mother was when I was a kid. I swear her personality changed drastically only after I hit my late teen years. It was like living with an entirely different human, and a human NO ONE liked any more. It's sad when your own family breathes a collective sigh of relief because you're dead because the era of walking on emotional eggshells has finally come to an end.
This is a great idea that I need to file away in my brain!
Worst case, You will have to look online to find your car manufacturer's toll-free number. Call the number and let customer service know you need your stereo code and have the vehicle's VIN number, as well as the model and serial numbers off the stereo (if not after market, hopefully that info is included with your manual or purchase paperwork). They should provide you with the code and save a trip to the dealer.
"My goodness, BF's Mom! You certainly do go on over the state of my relationship with BF. So many comments about it! In fact, way too many comments about it. I'll tell you what I'm gonna do just for you! I promise you will be the VERY FIRST person I inform I'm dumping BF for that young hot stud with lots of money and a thing for *your hair color* with *your best asset.* I pinky swear! :::hold up your little finger extended out to her:: Imma let you know even BEFORE I tell BF we are finito, so you can knock off all the not-so-veiled comments about me disappearing! I promise you'll be the first to know!" And then when she gets all pissy &amp; fake flustered that you've called her out in front of others, "Oh, come on, MIL. That was just a joke. You know I wouldn't hurt BF like that in a million years. I can't believe you'd even consider I'd be serious about something like that!" And then change the subject..."I'm starving. All this gold digging really works up an appetite!" BIG WINK at her.
The Amore Pacific? Yeah, it runs $200 a pop on their website. I think I calculated the little pot I got in my Amazon Allure box to be about $30 worth of product.
Beat them at their own game with a guileless smile, and a wickedly sharp sense of humor that pokes fun at exactly those things they think are veiled barbs. Maybe throw in a *"Oh, bless your heart, BF's Mom. I'm gonna be around for a long, long time. Might as well get used to me. A loooong, long time."* Give her HUGE sticky sweet smile directed at her when you say it, too.
I prefer the very polite "No, thank you." The response will throw her for a loop as it comes across like you're refusing the cherry tart she's offered instead of her actually trying to make you into her messenger of the mundane.
"BTW, just to save you from any embarrassment if you're staying over at someone's home in the future, it's considered extremely bad form to rearrange another woman's kitchen even if you think you ARE helping. You're not helping. You're being rude and it's an egregious overstepping by anyone's estimation. Just thought I'd bring it up so I can spare you future embarrassment and other people extreme frustration."
"LOL! MIL, you're such a kidder! DH &amp; I didn't bust our butts to get through college/training and work hard at advancing our careers only to be living with parents again! LOL! Nope. No way, Jose'! I know the world would have to be coming to an end before I'd ever consider it, and as for kids...if we can't manage to figure out childcare without having to have someone actually LIVE with us...I mean, if we can't figure that out way ahead of ever having the little darlings, then you know, maybe we just shouldn't be thinking about having them. The last thing I'd want is someone else trying to parent my own kids. The very thought of that boggles my mind. But why am I telling you all this? You already know these things. I doubt anyone would want parents living in their backside any more than parents would want to be living in a home that was not their own. Nope. Our castle keep has room for only one King &amp; Queen."
Oh, that's just eeeevil. "Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying you're mentally ill per se...but...er...well frankly, it IS considered irregular behavior and you DID do it to me when normally ANY person would know better than to trespass like that. It very well could be a symptom of something that's just not quite right."
It's a name given to mothers-in-law who are so over the top obnoxious, pushy, and sometimes absolute assholes. They pull stunts that make a person exclaim "Oh, just NO, MIL! No! Just STOP. We call their behavior "JustNo" behavior.
I've learned a quick trick to save broken shadows &amp; blushes. I gently mash the broken pieces together in pan with my fingertip. Then I add several drops of isopropyl alcohol to the powder. I wet well, but don't flood the pan. I'm trying to create a very dry paste. Working quickly, I form the powdered bits into one solid mass making sure to press it firmly in the bottom of the pan. Lightly smooth with finger and set aside for 24-36 to dry completely. It won't look pretty in the pan, but it resurrects it to a usable form and in my experience hasn't changed the color or wear. (If you have a new bottle of alcohol, great! Poke a smallish hole in the seal instead of removing entire seal. The smaller hole allows for better control of the amount used.)
If you feel you really must answer, *Mom, enough. Your button pushing the other day was truly ridiculous and frankly, pretty damned immature. You were specifically asked not to do something where it concerned my child, yet you purposely chose to repeat the behavior and then laugh about it. I don't care YOU thought it was ok. I did not, and THAT is what counts. I'm not going to tolerate crap like this from anyone, including you. It wasn't funny. It wasn't a joke I didn't get. It was YOU doing something you were told not to do. Actions have consequences. The consequences of your behavior are you and my family are going to take a break from each other, a "Time Out" so to speak. Do not contact me or DH unless it is with a REAL apology, and not one of those half-assed "I'm sorry if you..." sorts of apologies. You're a therapist. You know exactly what elements a true apology should contain. Until an apology is received, any attempts at further contact by you will be considered harrassment. We'll get back in touch with you when ready, and not before.*
My knowledge of Greek cuisine is fairly limited to Americanized versions of gyros, spanakopita, tzatziki, etc., but I have an idea. Can you guys think of any specific dishes that might fit into your macros he can ask his mom to fix for his birthday? "Mom, lately I've been craving Moschari Lemonato. If you *really* want to cook something for me..." Actually, other than the wine and the onions as long as she doesn't dust the beef in flour, it's a fairly low carb meal--especially if he's OMAD. Of course, any orzo, or rice served with it would push him right out of ketosis, but that's easily avoidable.
The reply back to FIL might be "When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. MIL showed us exactly who she is--someone who really doesn't give a damn about anything other than what SHE wants. The rest of us can take a hike. The fact you are backing her actions up only encourages repeat behavior. At the Memorial Day BBQ she purposely disregarded what she was told about not feeding our infant sugar and chocolate. She chose to do whatever she damned well wanted to do and when called on it, could not manage to summon a shred of self-reflection to realize not only was her behavior wrong, but instead tried to justify her behavior by saying she raised kids without a problem. Yeah, she was lucky managed to raise HER kids without an issue; however our children are not HER children to do whatever SHE chooses to do. That dog won't hunt. What would she have done if the baby had an anaphylactic reaction to the the suncreen on her unwashed hands, or the ingredients in the popsicle? Foods are introduced on a time table and I don't give a rat's ass if our timetable doesn't meet with HER or your approval. It is NOT for either of you to tell how to parent our child. MIL owes both of us an apology for her behavior. Until we receive one, she can bitch, moan, and complain all she wants; however, it is NOT going to change the consequences of her actions. She is Time Out because we cannot rely on her to back off and behavior properly."
If you must reply maybe..."MIL, thank you for your input, but you have to understand that I’m no longer emotionally invested in this situation. In spite of my attempts to facilitate a friendly relationship with you, you've pushed me to the side from day one. In light of how I've been received by you over the years, and by extension the family, I decided trying to have a close relationship with you is no longer terribly important to me. I'm just not feeling receptive right now to make any further efforts especially as it seems your interest in me has only been piqued into kindling a friendlier relationship due to my pregnancy. Honestly, it comes across as it being a means to an end. In other words, you've changed your tune now that you realize in order to have a relationship with your grandchild, you're going to have to have, if not a cordial relationship with me, then at least a respectful one. No one likes feeling used like that, not even me. I don't think I have any constructive input to add. At this point I think it's best to keep our relationship at a *respectful* distance. I hold no ill will towards you. I never have. Let's just consider ourselves in a formal detente and leave it at that."
[Brylcreem, a little dab'll do ya. Brylcreem, you look so debonair...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6F4GtyRfto)
&gt;"So OP, tell me something." "Let's just enjoy the peaceful quiet of the moment and not feel the need to interrupt it with unnecessary chatter."
"I appreciate your candor. While I don't agree your opinion, I appreciate you feel strongly enough to share your thoughts with me no matter how disagreeable &amp; unpleasant they might be so I can plan accordingly. Happily enough, it's good to know not everyone in my sphere feels the same."
I couldn't believe the price when I saw it today. I already have three bottles tucked away in my bathroom, but I'm seriously thinking about getting several more.
"No, darling. I wasn't the one screaming hurtful things at you. I'm not the one wishing you were dead. I was not the one talking badly about someone whom you love and promised your heart when you said 'I do.' I'm not the woman who banished your spouse from ever setting foot in your mother's home. I am not the one who has said harsh words, nor done the utmost to undermine your marriage." "Because I have not done these things, I cannot ask for forgiveness for HER behavior. I cannot tell her I respect her because respect must be earned. Her behavior towards you is disrespectful. I am embarrassed FOR her when she acts like this. I do not love her. I pity her. I respect you, and I love YOU, but I have too much self-respect to lie to her. Love is too precious to lie about it to others. I cannot respect nor love a woman who says hurtful things in order to hurt her children, to hurt my dear sweet husband ON PURPOSE. It will NEVER be up to me to fix your mother, nor is it up to ME attempt any sort of respectful relationship if SHE cannot act in an adult and respectful manner. Your mother has some issues with self esteem. It is not up to any of us to fix them. We CAN recommend she seek professional advice on how to control her emotions when she becomes overwhelmed, but I'm telling you here and now I will NOT apologize for something which I have not done, I have not said, or apologize for any other thing your mother has manufactured in her head. I am not asking you to choose between us, but what I AM telling you is I will not subject myself any longer to her tantrums and tirades. Her attempts at abusing me and my good nature are over. I am done tolerating them. I am your WIFE! I am not her emotional support animal."
Good luck with trying to make your DH to understand that it's not your job to steady his mother's emotional row boat. He's grown up his whole life being taught [not to rock the boat,](https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/77pxpo/dont_rock_the_boat/). Now that you're in his life telling him he deserves to be treated better and you're SHOWING him what it's like to be treated like his feelings matter, his mother is behaving like her boat is sinking.
You know something REALLY strange? According to the Birchbox page letting me see what's in my June box, I am getting all three of the choose-your-sample selections, plus the Egg Mellow Cream 5-in-1 Moisturizer, and the Coola Classic Primer. Why bother letting the customer choose a sample if you're going to already send all three samples anyway AND short them the 6th sample?
I use two different prescription retinoids so my skin is on the delicate skin. Vasanti gently exfoliates without leaving my skin feeling raw. I use it about every three days on my face and neck. (It's also pretty good at preventing ingrown hairs on those delicate areas I wax.)
I shouldn't complain because we are usually getting a great deal at a decent price point for a variety of really nice samples, but other than the eyeshadow, everything else in the box I've already received at least once before (including the shadow brush) in the last 2 years. At least it wasn't another black eyeliner, or a nude lip color in "Hot Cocoa Corpse" or "Confident Cadaver."
"How can I miss you when you won't go away?" It sounds like MIL was given an inch and then took not only that inch, but also the next ten miles. I'll bet you weren't used to such pushy behavior, so you didn't realize just how hard, fast, and early you needed to stop the border encroachment. It's not too late to slam the gates, and set down new ground rules when it comes to your son, your home, and your relationship with her. I'll bet MIL is the type who assumes she is entitled to be included in everything because that's how she views the world--things revolve around her. That's just how it is. Some people are wired that way. She cannot fathom it's NOT all about her, that others have feelings independent of hers. Her thoughts, her feelings, her opinions, her presence, it's all the most important! *How can you exclude ME!!!?* To paraphase a comment made several months ago about another MIL (and I wish I could give proper attribution), "Everything she does is for attention. It's what gives her life meaning...Everything has to be about her, because if people are focused on her, then they care about her, and if that attention ever stops then she'll be alone." This is why MIL feels the drive to be at the center of EVERYTHING important. It's to prove to herself she matters. Keep drawing the lines in the sand. Don't be afraid to say "No" and stick to it. There's a Chain of Command in your family and she is NOT in that chain. You don't have to justify yourselves. MIL will have to learn she is not the center of YOUR little family's universe. She's gonna fuss and fume and tantrum, but that's what self-important people do. Her emotional reactions are not your responsibility. Karen will have to realize it's no longer all about Karen. Now about your ID card...if you don't normally do so, you might want to consider always keeping it in your wallet along with your drivers license. I'm sure you already know if you're on Tricare, your ID serves as your health insurance info, but it will also make it easier to reach your husband via his command if for some reason you are traveling without him and become incapacitated. It will also get you discounts if you shop at Home Depot, Lowes, clothing &amp; sporting goods stores, restaurants, etc. In fact, here's [a list of over 200 national stores/chains which offer military families discounts](https://www.bradsdeals.com/blog/military-discounts), and all you need is to show your ID card. Keep reminding yourself you answer to no one except each other, and know it's perfectly acceptable to be the forceful head bitch in charge if she is bad mannered enough to refuse to take no for an answer.
I wish I had remembered to write down who originally wrote it! The full quote really hit the nail on the head when describing MILs like her.
Lakanto Sweetener might fit the bill for you. It's a monkfruit blend. Hasn't kicked me out of ketosis when I use it, but as they say, YMMV.
&gt;“Well, I’m your uncle,” "Yes, you are, so you should know EXACTLY the level of crap my mother is capable and the extent she will go to spread her miserable versions of the truth as she sees it. The problem with my mother is her behavior was insulting and out of control. She was called on it and in her embarrassment, instead of admitting her mistakes, she doubled down on the insults, embellished facts, rewrote history, and flat out lied about conversations. I don't care to suffer with having a person like this involved in my life even if she gave birth to me. Being my mother does not give her carte blanche for hurtful and malicious behavior. I have spoken with my mother. She knows she only has to give my wife a heartfelt, honest apology, and promise not to engage in the behavior that put her in her current time out. If she can do these two things, we will reconsider resuming a relationship with her. The ball is in her court. She knows what she has to do. It's simple. She chooses not to, and since choices have consequences, the consequences of her choice is us keeping our distance. Nothing will change until her choices do. Thank you for your concern, and for your interest in our affairs, but we have to handle my mother the way I think is best."
GO FORTH AND EXFOLIATE!
I dropped an email to C/S last night and received the standard *you'll hear from us in 48 hours* auto-reply. While I was very nice in my email, I pointed out I received one item less than what their email stated I would receive and stated this was an unfair discrepancy between customers who chose from the other two offered sample selections receiving the promised five additional samples, and those of us who only received four. My gut is telling me they will attempt to gloss it over with some points/credit which will force me to spend MORE money in order to use.
An update: Along with a very nice apology, the C/S agent offered my choice of a replacement from four additional samples, or a $5 BB credit. According to C/S: *Thanks for being in touch. I'm so sorry for the trouble and confusion!* *The Luxie Beauty brush and Winky Lux eyeshadow were shown together because both items are intended to be used together however the items are from different brands.* The confusion came from **BB** not stating the two items would count as two of the 6 total samples we'd receive if we selected the shadow &amp; brush, but instead telling us we'd receive 5 additional samples. Very happy to find them stepping up to make it right.
Putting "Asked, and answered," and no other response to the repeated questions (and do it with a direct look into their eyes) gets the point across without being accused of being rude.
Christianmil, believe your eyes and your ears and all they are telling you. They are not deceiving you. Your MIL is bent on doing things HER way. Not your way. Not the medically safe or necessary way, not the safest way. HER way. She was all but dancing around your home waving red flags and setting off warning flares &amp; sirens. Get the hints. Trust your gut, trust that little voice inside your head that's screaming at you that this moronic piece of work with her know-it-all ego is not the safest person to leave you child with, nor does the "help" she gives benefit anyone except for herself. Undo her territory marking, arrange your home the way you want, and vow for the foreseeable future she will not be spending any time alone in your home, nor with your baby, for safety's sake and for your own piece of mind.
&gt;"oh well I guess babies have changed" "It's not that babies have changed. It's our scientific &amp; medical *knowledge* of babies has improved. We know more, so we do more. You did things differently from how *your* parents did because you were up on the newest information and that was the right thing to do. You owed it to your children to be the best parents you could with the knowledge you had at the time--just like we are doing now. "
Henceforth, in all communications with MIL your name can be "His Little Slut" if you want to be a smartass about it. Sign her birthday card "Happy Birthday from DH and His Little Slut." "Happy Anniversary, from DH and His Little Slut." "Merry Christmas from DH &amp; His Little Slut." "His Little Slut &amp; DH would like to announce the birth of their son/daughter..."
Ask his mother to wet down her clothing and her hands, sit on the floor just like the baby, and chew on the power cords. Tell her you want her to prove to you it is absolutely 100% safe. If she refuses, ask why? *"Why not, MIL? It was ok for the baby to do it, wasn't it?I mean, doesn't a surge protector prevent electrocution? No, it doesn't, MIL. It prevents a surge in the electrical flow, right? No, MIL. That's not how it works. It doesn't STOP the flow of electricity. Please do some research before you get someone hurt or killed."*
Let her "Me-Me-It's-ALL-About-ME" attitude slide off your backs and ignore her. Bringing it up will only reinforce her bad behavior. "Aha! All I have to do is behave this way and my son &amp; that girl will fall all over themselves trying to get me to talk about their baby." Let her sit in the corner with her little Book of Fools and try to update with zero information. *"Why haven't we shared any information? You know what we know. Just don't have anything new that's worthwhile. It's a baby. babies grow. No big deal. Dee_alexie is fine and doing well. The private medical details are too minor at this point to matter. Ultrasound pictures? We forgot all about getting copies. The office was pretty swamped that day. Gender reveal? They're getting so out-of-hand and trite. Don't know that we want to know the sex this time. Might be more fun to be surprised. Really doesn't matter. We're going to love our baby no matter what its bits are and I doubt the baby is really going to care what color he's wearing as long as it's comfortable."* Let's see if she can lose some of that attitude of hers on the New Info Diet! It's chockful of empty news, essential nothingness! Remember, from now on it's Vagueness. Vagueness as far as the eye can see.
I think your DH gets angry with you because you are "safe." Deep inside, he knows you love him without question, and because of this, he can vent the rage, frustration, and hurt in your direction. He unloads on you because he feels secure, even though it's not the right thing to do. You're his sounding board. One of the things you could do when he gets ugly is to redirect his emotions. "Darling, I know you're really frustrated these days with everything that's been happening, but I don't think you realize the frustration is bleeding into your everyday life and coloring your emotions. For example, I completely understand you're upset with me because I did *action,* and perhaps you're right. I may have been a bonehead, but the reaction to my mess-up is a bit extreme. I think this is one of those *straw that broke the camel's back* scenarios. I understand you're angry, but I also understand there are other things going on in our world making your reaction stronger than it normally would be. So, I'm going to let you have a moment to yourself to regroup and figure out what is upsetting you in this moment while you try to put the rest of the frustrations on the backburner. We can tackle our issues a lot better if we compartmentalize them. I love you, and we can figure this stuff out as a team."
They can rent a freaking U-haul (along with tie down straps), load the bikes up in the back and drive home! It's not hard. They could also fly ol' mom home and ship her bike (or both bikes) home.
I love Publix and have been shopping there for years because it really IS a nice place to shop, but they are pricing themselves out of my comfort zone. Their prices have gotten progressively ridiculous in the last year or so. I find myself shopping at Publix only for their BOGO deals, or when something goes on sale AND I have digital coupons for it.
Fortunately(?), I keep a low carb lifestyle these days, so I can look away from the deliciousness while I'm standing at the deli counter. But they look and smell soooo good. I keep trying to talk the manager into making Publix subs in a bowl. Basically, all the sub "insides" stuffed in a salad bowl with extra lettuce, instead of on the sub rolls.
Go to the dinner, BUT serve up an entree of revenge. If you're relatively sure the side salad is safe, without telling anyone you're doing this, bring your own delicious toppings for the side salad in a tote bag that you pretend is your handbag. Order the salad as your meal to be served when everyone is served their entrees. Make like you are so looking forward to a feast--be sure you ask the server if he/she would mind bringing it out on a large plate, or ask for a large plate along with the salad. Once the meal is served, begin unpacking your grilled chicken, and every other wonderful thing you like on a salad. When the rest of your dinner companions ask what in the fresh hell you are doing, you exposure MIL for the bitch that she is. *"well, it's like this. MIL knows I am allergic to beef, lamb, pork, and have celiac disease so I cannot have wheat flour, etc. Unfortunately, this rules out just about EVERYTHING on the menu at this restaurant except the side salad. I begged MIL to make reservations somewhere else. In fact, I gave her suggestions for five other restaurants I know for a fact can accommodate my pain in the butt allergies, but MIL flat out refused. Her comment to me was I could go next door and eat something from the prepared food bar while you guys all were eating here. Well, that seemed just rude any way you slice it, so I'm doing the next best thing: ordering the single thing I CAN have while supplementing from the outside with food I know is safe all while getting to spend time with you lovely people. Of course, I plan on tipping the waitstaff most generously for accommodating me tonight. I mean seriously...who wants to be forced to sit in the car eating out of a styrofoam box and not be able to share the evening with people they enjoy!"* You can step away from the table and grab the waitperson ahead of time to explain what your plans are and reassure them you WILL be making it up to them when the bill is settled. Bonus points if you can manage to get them to really go all out for your comfort--tell them what a cow she is if it helps.
Really??? Oooh, good to know! Thank you!
It's a great way to beat her at her own game while outing her out as a selfishly controlling mean-spirited harpy who doesn't care one whit about possibly putting her daughter-in-law in a medically compromising situation.
I'd pick one of the best photos from your wedding day or honeymoon and have it made into a wedding announcement to send to friends and family. "Grow old along with me! The best is yet to be…” - Robert Browning "With great love, sariacreed and Mr. sariacreed joyfully announce our marriage, which took place on *Date/Place.* Reception to follow in the coming months." And then wait for the fireworks!
Except that really IS acceptable business attire when the weather gets hot &amp; sultry.
"Nana, I love you. I just want to tell you, and you can pass this on to anyone else who thinks they are entitled to spend time ALONE with my child, you need to think again. It's not happening. I carried this bundle of brightness for nine long months waiting and WAITING until the day I can finally hold this baby in my arms. Ain't NO WAY this baby is gonna be sleeping anywhere except in my arms or in his home. Don't care what others do with their kids. They aren't me. There's zero need for secondary nurseries, or pack and plays, or car seats, or extra anything else. My baby stays with me. For the foreseeable future, where I go, baby goes, and where baby goes, I go. Anyone who challenges me on this, or attempts to argue with me about my rules for my child will find themselves sitting on the sidelines of my life. Find some other baby to play *house* with, not mine."
Damn, girl! That take down was a thing of beauty! A quick wit like yours is gonna serve you very well in the future when dealing with Scruffy McSkortypants. The gauntlet has been thrown. From now on, take no prisoners and feelings be damned. Play to win. At her age, you'd think MIL would know better than to [bring a knife to a gun fight.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DzcOCyHDqc). I do believe she's met her match.
Looks like ol' Queen Bee is about to get her stinger plucked right on out of her sorry backside!
Is it possible to have flowers delivered directly to the school/event venue to be waiting for them before they walk? You might be able to call the front office at their high school and perhaps tell the school secretary you guys have found you won't be able to attend the ceremony, but would like to have a small bouquet of flowers delivered as a surprise. *"We don't want to have the flowers delivered to their home because unfortunately there's a bit of emotional, er...instability in the home with one of the family members that...well, gosh, how can I put this delicately? We're afraid the flowers would be destroyed out of jealousy &amp; vindictiveness before the girls ever got to see them. Any way, we just want the girls to know they are loved and they should be proud of their educational accomplishment no matter what anyone else tells them."* Or just call the school to get the time and venue for the graduation. Once you get that info, see if there is a florist in town willing to deliver directly where ever the graduates are congregating for the ceremony prior to it beginning.
You need to read [Don't Rock The Boat](https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/77pxpo/dont_rock_the_boat/) and then have your BF read it aloud to you so you know he's not just scanning it and saying "yeah, yeah, I read it." Rock the boat and forget sparing her feelings or trying to be the "nice guy" any more. She has shown you exactly who and what she is. For your own sake &amp; sanity, BELIEVE HER! She is NOT a nice person, but I think you already know this.
"This isn't a competition, Mom. We are trying to share what's new in our lives. Do you want to hear about this, or shall we just shut up and let you rattle on about all the stuff you've already shared in the past?"
Good luck. Too bad you couldn't rent a billboard in town for a week to share how you feel.
I think information like this is important enough to add to the side bar!
You said your lease won't allow for you to add a lock to your bedroom door, but could you temporarily REPLACE your current doorknob with a key entry doorknob? They run under $20 at your local big box hardware stores. When she moves out, or when it's time to for you guys to move out, you can remove the replacement set and reinstall the original knob.
Well, hell. That sucks. Ok, maybe boobytrap your bathroom door with a bucket of water like in the cartoons... Your MIL has pegged my revenge-o-meter in the worst way.
The current formulation from Au Naturale's web site: Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam Seed Oil), Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride (MCT from Coconut), Ricinus Communis (Castor Seed Oil), Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla Wax), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba Seed Oil), Mica, Silica, CI 77891, CI 77491, Ozokerite Wax, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Xylityl Cocoate, Lavandula Officinalis (Lavender Oil), Tocopherol (Vitamin E). May Contain: Titanium Dioxide CI77891, Mica CI77019, Iron Oxide CI77491, CI77492, Bismuth Oxychloride CI163, Manganese Violet CI7742, Tin Oxide CI778161. This is the list of ingredients from previous formulation of it from 3 or so years ago: Organic Limnanthes Alba ((Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride (Fractionated Coconut Oil), Organic Castor Oil, Mica, Wildcrafted Euphorbia Cerifera(Candelilla) Wax, Tapioca Starch, Iron Oxides, Kaolin
Good headwork starving the bacteria to inhibit glycogen production! Doctors are beginning to theorize a ketogenic/very low carb diet can also aid in fighting cancers, too. Lyme Disease can be a tough one to kick. I have a friend that fought it for years and finally got to see progress when her doctor added a prescription dose of Claritin of all things, along with everything else she had to take. She also went on a ketogenic diet about the same time they added the Claritin. Sometimes you have to try everything together to finally see success. Good luck to him! Have you tried Lupin flour? I use it to make [pasta](https://www.resolutioneats.com/blog/low-carb-lupin-flour-fettuccine-noodles/). I get mine from Amazon, but I have seen it in Walmart with some of the specialty flours/grains.
I have a suggestion, but you're going to have to channel your inner bitch and be as icy as you can. First, stop giving a damn about her feelings. After being asked repeatedly not to refer to herself as "mama," this woman continues to give you a real *["eff you, little girl. You can't tell me what to do,"](https://giphy.com/gifs/cbc-funny-comedy-l1J9HfgQ0rPxGC7OU/fullscreen)* attitude. What more does she need to do to communicate to you she is a first class bitch who needs to be knocked down a peg or two? In your eagerness to be the polite, good human, you've forgotten this is YOUR life and YOU get to control who is in it AND how they are involved with your family (step up harder, SO. Your Mommy needs a proper *wake up to reality* smack down). The fact she gave birth to your husband means diddlysquat. Sometimes people like your MIL need a good old fashioned bit of shock &amp; awe to their system to remind them their shit *does* stink and it won't be tolerated. The next time she pulls the "mama" crap, lean in very close to her. I mean get right up to her like you want to tell her a secret. If you have to stop what you're doing and walk across a room to her, do it. Be the Ice Queen. Head high. You're about to verbally cut a bitch. Keep eye contact with her. Don't blink if you can help it and stare her down. Harness your rage. You're the damned alpha female in your little family, now act like it. Remember [Liam Neeson's speech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgmO32IdwuE) from "Taken?" You're going to go quiet and very to the point, but you're also going to need to be ready for the fireworks. As long as you have no more effs to give and remember YOU ARE ALPHA DOG, you'll be fine. She can't hurt you. She can't take away your birthday, or send you to your room. She can only tantrum. Get into her personal space and in a soft but VERY menacing voice say "Don't fuck with me, Brenda (or whatever her first name is). You seem to be forgetting who really IS the Mama here and who controls when &amp; where you see my children. You want to play bitch games? Then you better stand by for those bitch prizes. If you want to continue to see MY children, knock off this *mama* shit. This is the ONLY warning you're getting. You're fucking with the wrong woman. And just so we're clear here. This isn't a threat. It's a god damned promise. Now knock your shit off." Turn and walk away. Yes, it's vulgar, but that is the point. You're going for shock value. Tantrum begins. "Knock it off. You've been asked politely. Repeatedly. I'm done with nice. I'm done with your games. Get with the program, or get out." If you're in her home, then be prepared to leave. Don't let her bait you into an arguement. Just put "you've been asked. Now you're told," on repeat. Go No Contact for awhile if you must. Silence her on your phone. Block or curtail what she has access to on social media. Bad behavior has consequences. She needs consequences if you want her to understand who is really in charge. To quote that old meme, [you're the Captain now.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/018/459/53697461.jpg).
This is the primary reason we kept our landline. If it's a family **EMERGENCY,** call the landline. If it's fluff and nothing, sure. Text your heart out. We'll see it in the morning and respond if need be. My family members have kept their landlines as well mostly because of hurricane season. The last hurricane that ripped through the state took out so many cell towers that my husband's immediate boss, who lived &amp; worked right in the path of the hurricane, had to have a new work cell phone using a different network provider FedEx'd to him. It took weeks before the original major provider got their towers back online; however, ol' Ma Bell managed to keep the old school lines functioning and we were able to check on those we love.
Develop a tongue as wicked as an adder's bite and bring her to her knees EVERY time she utters anything even close to a criticism about the appearance of those you love. When you finally realize that the time has come to make your stand against this ridiculous excuse of a mother, call down the lighting and summon the thunder. THIS is a hill to die on and when you blow, you've gotta go big, girl. Burn her village with your anger, and salt the earth with her tears. "What you think of others is none of my business, nor my concern. But if you start to criticize and shame the people I love and care about, I will make it my business, and I promise you will not like the consequences. In fact, I will make it my mission in life to ensure you will feel the consequences for the rest of your life. I will make your life miserable, so listen to me closely, Helen (or whatever her first name is). Unless it is a compliment which leaves your lips, NEVER, ever again comment on the appearance of me and mine. Not on the shape of our bodies, or our hair, our skin, or our clothing, nothing. Do I make myself CRYSTAL clear to you? If not, I will repeat myself using easier, smaller words so you might grasp their meaning. I'm done with your bullshit." "Let me share a little something I know has never crossed your mind. All the ugliness you spew, all the pointed comments, criticisms, comparisons, &amp; critiques does nothing but expose YOU as a shallow, vapid, and condescending shrew of a woman. Perhaps you ought to take a closer look at *your* mirror to see the ugliness it really reflects." "I'm glad I'm not you. I feel sorry for people like you. People who live to tear down others because it's the ONLY way they know how to make themselves feel worthwhile. I never expected complimenting someone else who isn't your golden child would be such an impossible thing for you to do. Yes, I feel sorry for you and your self hate. I pity your lack of depth and your shallowness of emotion. You need to remember your presence in our lives, especially my children's lives, isn't necessary. It's not a right. It's a privilege, and a privilege which can be taken away at any time. This isn't a threat. It's a promise."
Triangulation. Your mother was pulling the Triangulation strings nice and tight to get you to do what she wanted. Dance, puppet, dance. Good job snipping those strings. From now on, always go to the source and never let your mom tell you what other people want. You're in charge of your little family. If mom wants to get pissy about not get her way, go home, kick her out of your house, get up and leave the restaurant. "Mother, would you just stop playing your Bitcheridoo. Nobody is in the mood to listen to the whinefest of an adult woman having a meltdown because her wishes have been countermanded. Did you ever stop to think that other people have opinions and might want to do something entirely different? Now, knock it off, or we/you are going home." Life is too darned short to allow emotional terrorists to force their "wants" on you.
She is a jerk. While Kegel exercises are great, it sounds like you might need an extra bit or retraining. I can't begin to recommend the Apex M device highly enough. Amazon sells it, but you might find your insurance will cover it if you get the seriousness of the incontinence medically documented. I'm also going to suggest finding a Urogynecology specialist in your area. Urogynecologists specialize in treating pelvic floor disorders such as urinary incontinence (stress incontinence and urge incontinence), vaginal prolapse (pelvic organ prolapse), and overactive bladder. Incontinence to the point of wetting onesself is not something that can be fixed while doing a few Kegels while sitting at a traffic light in a few weeks. A more intensive sort of elvic floor therapy (which you'd do both in office and at home--homework!) takes several weeks, but I can promise you if you stick with it and opt to get an in-home device, you will see considerable improvement in the lessening of frequent urges, reduction in bladder leaks, and overall pelvic floor tone. Something else you will notice is one helluva increase in the intensity of your orgasm. Your SO will probably notice it as well. The really good devices with bio-feedback capability are not inexpensive, but when you compare the cost to the cost of a few months worth of incontinence pads, not to mention cleaning costs for furniture/car seats, etc., you come out ahead of the game especially when you factor in the orgasm factor. Just thought I would let you know there ARE options out there.
It's not a miracle cure so much as it's a device which you partially insert into the vagina which you will learn to tighten your muscles around, hold for several seconds and then completely relax. Often times women have lost the ability to fully relax their pelvic floor and it can inhibit them from completely emptying their bladder. Muscles spasms will create the sensation the bladder needs emptying when in fact, it's pretty darned empty. The testing was interesting. I was lucky enough to have pretty decent tone, and only needed to learn how to fully relax my pelvic floor in order to help eliminate the spasms. I had remarkable improvement in 6 weeks time. Making sure my estrogen, progesterone, and testosterone levels were on target helped as well. Be very vocal and advocate for your own best interests. Don't allow anyone to tell you your bladder leaking to the point where you're wetting your Underoos is a natural side effect of childbirth and a few Kegel's will fix your right up. Push back, and push back hard. A quick primer on the intricacies of the unique parts &amp; plumbing working their magic between our pelvic bones can be found [here](http://thegreenvagina.com/pelvic-floor-muscles/). The more you know!
"Sounds more like a *you* problem than a *me* problem. I'm not making this for you/giving this to you. You're more than welcome to give Dad your own gift with your own specifications. This gift is done to mine. We're two separate people who make our own choices in how we do things. Your oversight or control is not necessary. This is *my* gift to *my* father. What he does with it is entirely up to him."
If you're FB friends with her, shovel this load of obliviously happy BS under any of her whining posts. It will make her friends think you're just the most thankful darling who recognizes the HUGE sacrifice she undertook to have you guys in her home. She'll look like a selfish creature if she criticizes: "So glad to know you're excited to see us begin this new chapter in our lives. DF &amp; I thrilled to be able to spread our wings in our first 'nest' together and have been looking forward to this for a long time. It's a dream come true for us. Our pups are going love the extra room to run &amp; play in the fresh air after been cooped up for so long, and I'm sure you're looking forward to finally having a bit of peace and quiet with us no longer being underfoot all the time. I know what a strain it must have been, but I'm glad we were able to help around the house and get all those projects accomplished for you. DH certainly is a workhorse, isn't he?! There was no job too big for him to attempt! Thank you for allowing us to stay in your home for as long as you did. Just remember, even though we won't be living with each other, you are always in our hearts, and all our hearts will be healthier and happier now that we all have room to breathe and grow and love."
Just a quick update. The customer service agent was true to her word about making sure I received a replacement item for the missing sample in less than a week. I chose the Love of Color Liquid Shimmer Shadow in Aurora. Really nice rosy lilac shade. Not hyper-pigmented, but the color builds easily. Best of all, it's full size and not one of those extra small samples that have been popping up in boxes--that Tarte Rain Forest of the Sea lotion sample was pretty darned tiny. It's often hard to determine if a product like a serum or lotion is going to be worthwhile when you can only get 2 or 3 uses.
The mental image of grandma literally getting "nipped in the butt" when she pulls her crap gave me my first smile of the morning. "That's quite enough nonsense from you, MIL! CHOMP!" For the logophiles among us who are wondering how the phrase came into use, from phrases.org.uk: *"Nip it in the bud" derives from the de-budding of plants. The earlier form of the phrase was 'nip in the bloom' and this is cited in Henry Chettle's romance Piers Plainnes Seaven Yeres Prentiship, 1595:* *"Extinguish these fond loues with minds labour, and nip thy affections in the bloome, that they may neuer bee of power to budde."* *A version of the current 'bud' version of the phrase first appears in 1607, in Beaumont and Fletcher's comedy of manners "Woman Hater" (a title that they would probably have difficulty convincing a publishing house to use today):* *"Yet I can frowne and nip a passion Euen in the bud."* As a kid, I watched a lot of old reruns after school while slogging through homework. [Always thought "Barney Fife" was the originator of the phrase.[(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSyueBoC9mE)
I'd make that comment a bit more cold and direct, leaving out feelings of regret for not attending and any feeling of affection toward MIL/mother. “I will not be in attendance. As the invitation was to me only for your 4th of July celebration, and disappointedly excluded my wife from the event for reasons unknown, we've chosen to spend the holiday as a couple and planned accordingly." Including u/boscobaby's line "this is not the first time this has happened but it is officially the last," would be the icing on the cake!
&gt;Oh, well we'll talk about it "You mean how you purposely attempt to have my husband ingest the particular foods you KNOW he cannot eat? Foods YOU KNOW are practically poison to his system? Certain items YOU HAVE BEEN TOLD REPEATEDLY HE CANNOT HAVE? You are ready to talk about your callous disregard for the health of my husband? Yes, I would LOVE to talk about this right now. I want to know the exact reason why YOU think you have the right to cause my husband harm, and Mom, it better be a damned good reason YOU PURPOSELY think you have the right to cause pain &amp; suffering to someone I love. Go ahead. I'm waiting. I can't wait to hear your reasoning."
It's a reddit classic! [TIFU by enraging the parents of my girlfriend by pretending not to know what a potato is.](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2tdbig/tifu_by_enraging_the_parents_of_my_girlfriend_by/) There's also one about a guy who is invited to dinner at the home of his wife's Boss. [TIFU by throwing my steak out a window](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3im341/tifu_by_throwing_my_steak_out_a_window/) I don't know if they're real or fiction, but both are pretty darned funny.
And in Florida, we get two types of avocados. I prefer the nubby-skinned Haas with its rich, buttery flavor. My husband loves the big smooth-skinned Florida avocado which has more of a "green" taste. I was well into my 30's before I had my first mango or papaya, and I spent a majority of my life living in the southern US.
Does your FH have contact information for ANY of his extended family? If so, I suggest FH starts calling those friendly family members and asking THEM to help you contact aunts, uncles, cousins and perhaps getting them to pass the word on what is really happening with his mom's mental health? She doesn't sound just controlling. She sounds mentally unwell. *"Honestly, we're not sure what is going on with my mother's mental health. We've been trying for TWO full years to get names &amp; addresses of all the family members we'd like to invite to our wedding. Mom has been acting as a gatekeeper to the family &amp; refuses to give us this information. We've tried so hard to include her in the planning, as well as everything leading up to the wedding, yet she turns around and lies by saying she has been completely shut out of everything. She's even saying she hates my future wife's family. The thing is, she's never met the family because she refuses to. It's just bizarre and her behavior is worsening. We've been unable to make her see a doctor.* *We're moving forward by trying to find everyone on our own since she refuses to tell us. We don't want anyone to feel left out, but it's not easy. Could you possibly help us with the addresses of family members?"*
My in-laws who lived down in south Florida did that every year with a very large mango tree and an enormous avocado tree. They lost the mango due to hurricane Andrew. The avocado lives on. The last time I visited, my husband made me move the lawn chair I had plopped into far away from the avocado tree. Evidently, 'cados drop like acorns. I did get to watch a squirrel valiently attempt to haul an avocado up a tree trunk. After awhile, he gave up and decided to eat it right where he was. Squirrels eat avocados? Yup. Squirrels eat avocados! At least that one did.
If you aren't family with u/schnitzeldehuahua's tales of learning to handle her pushy-ass MIL, get a lovely drink and take some time to read them. [Find them here](https://www.reddit.com/user/schnitzeldehuahua/submitted/?count=26&amp;before=t3_3p1id0) She has the BEST way to reply to a pushy, *I want THIS* sort of person that tends to stop a steamroller in their tracks. Start with *My MIL is always right &amp; now I am ALWAYS late* and make sure you also read *The magic words: No Thank You!* as well as *In which I get home fairly early &amp; have a good night's rest, the end,* and *Remember my coffee urn?* Top it off with *My coffee urn was not a coffee urn, but it was mine.* I've used the magic words with great success. It's a hoot to watch someone's brain shut down and reboot when met with a completely unexpected answer.
I completely agree!
&gt; She didn't ask what she had done because she knows good and well what she's done. AND she doesn't care because what she has done &amp; said is just right as rain in her mind. You're denying her what she wants, and to her that makes YOU, u/queenofcutoff, the problem.
Watching that video was truly one of those "oh, shit! It all makes so much sense!" moments. In a way, it explains my brother's pas de deux with his second wife. It's been a...challenge to understand her personality. My brother's "rug sweeping/head in the sand/if I don't acknowledge it, then it didn't happen," when challenged to do something about the unpleasantness she stirs up makes sense now. The *"I'm the victim here/your sisters hate me/you're the best husband ever/I'm leaving you so you can have your family back"* all adds up to a big ol' heaping pile of JustNo-ness and it results my brother reacting in a way I finally understand is his learned response pattern of doing anything and everything to keep the boat from rocking. He's all about hugging things out and faaaamily instead of understanding the boundaries everyone is entitled to set for themselves. I'm sharing this with my sister!
&gt; "Sure I am, but not the monster I married," "That's correct. That monster you chose when the judge requested you pick between having custody of your daughters, or being in a relationship with a volatile drunken narcissist with anger issues will never be welcomed in my home, nor be allowed near my children. I'm glad you completely understand. So glad we've cleared that up."
"Oh, bless your heart. That's too cute, but I think you forgot *The Rule Which Negates All Others*: My child. My Rules. Don't make us have to put Grandma in Time Out because Grandma chooses not to listen to the Mommy."
"MIL, I have to ask...who chose the names for your children? You did? Ok, then...why the heck are you trying to pick the name for MY child? No more suggestions. You had the opportunity for naming a kid. We are NOT playing *The Name Game* any longer. I promise you right here and now, ANY name that comes out of your mouth from now on goes right on the *Absolutely Never* list. I'm not naming my kid Thorne, Rock, Jute, Brick, Stick, Trigger, or Arrow, or any other name you suggest so please, knock it off. Just stop."
Evidently, FMIL has never heard of the practice called [bundling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bundling_(tradition). If the early American settlers, along with the people of the Netherlands, and British Isles thought it was acceptable as courting behavior--and they were much more straight-laced than most of us are these days, then perhaps she can unpucker herself and relax.
There seriously is! It's like Task Rabbit. [TAKL](https://www.takl.com/) It's nice to see [Kathy Lee Gifford has come out of retirement.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmo-6MEq2pE) :::eyeroll:::
I've used the videos from [here](https://www.youtube.com/user/AppliancePartsPros/playlists?app=desktop) plus ordered parts from their parts department to repair our dishwasher and our stove while my husband was on deployment (why the stuff around the house waits for him to leave every single time before they go on the fritz is one of life's mysteries). If you can follow directions and have patience, repairs can be fairly easy.
No. I use proper punctuation most of the time as well. It's a sickness. At least my kid has said he appreciates that I don't text like a 13 year old. "It's kinda like a pleasure to read something that makes sense the first time I read it." It was a weird compliment, but it meant a lot.
If she brings it up again, throw her for a loop and tell her you think more people should have their life as well-ordered as hers. "MIL, I think that's wonderful you've thought ahead about your estate, but honestly, it's your money and no one else should feel entitled to it. I think we'd rather have you enjoy yourself in those golden twilight years of life. Be comfortable. Have some fun doing things you've always dreamed about doing. Travel! Don't worry about leaving money behind. If you find you need help around the house in your later years, hire a home healthcare worker. Pamper yourself. You've worked hard. Enjoy the fruits of your labor. Be happy." If you say it the right way--like you really mean it, her little hamster might fall right off its wheel.
Start calling her by the names of famous snooty/bitchy/troublesome/cantankerous/eccentric women from fiction. "Thank you, Miss Havisham. You must be so proud of your ability to point out the flaws in other people." "Mrs. Bennett, do you need any help in the kitchen? I know cooking for us all can be overwhelming." "Oh, Mrs. Danvers, your skin looks so much better today. Have you changed your beauty routine?" "What would we do without your running commentary? You've got Miranda Priestly down to an art." "Lady Catherine (de Bourgh--from *Pride &amp; Prejudice*), would you like a cup of coffee?" When she calls you out: "My goodness, a slip of the tongue/Oops, I mean 'FMIL,'/I'm sorry? You thought I called you who?" You can have a LOT of fun torturing her right back, but never allude to the fact she can't bring her twisted hag lips to utter your name actually is bothering you. "I'm sorry, I just can't seem to get your name right. All you mothers seem to run together in my head. I guess that's what happens when I lump 'like' with 'like.' But then why am I explaining that to you. You know EXACTLY what I mean. I guess it's another thing you and I have in common." Saying you have anything in common with her will be sure to make her get a knot in her granny panties.
"Oh, bless your heart. You know, I think it's sad you had such a deprived childhood. No one there to guide you through the Ins and Outs of proper social behavior and smooth off those rough edges of yours. Well, don't you worry one little bit, hon. DH &amp; I are used to it by now. We can almost always overlook a social faux pas like you've never made it. It just takes some people a great deal of time to 'get it', you know. Not everyone is lucky enough to be able to pick up social clues to know when their behavior is distasteful, or over the line and crass. Oh, well. Guess we'll just have to keep loving you in spite of yourself, won't we..."
One of the best things I've experimented with lately was making cheese &amp; green chili stuffed butterflied shrimp wrapped with bacon and grilled. It was pretty darned delicious.
I stumbled onto the Asos website and WHOA! So many bathing suit tops in my size! No more buying the larger sizes so the cups would come close to fitting and tailoring the back and neck straps. Here's the US site: [Asos swim &amp; beachwear](https://us.asos.com/women/swimwear-beachwear/cat/?cid=2238) They start at a 30 band size and go up to a 42.
Tell your DH and your in-laws you are going to rent a storage unit on their behalf for their stuff. You're even going to move all her boxes &amp; boxes of treasures. You will pay for three months of rental fees. They will be responsible for the rent after that. Your MIL may be a hoarder, but *you* certainly are not, nor should you be forced to live like one against your will. It is completely unfair you are being forced to lose the functionality of parts of *your* home because MIL becomes overly attached to possessions. If she wants to keep all her geegaws, trinkets, and holiday decorations, go for it! However, it's no longer going to be in your home. Edit--just now saw someone else has recommended storing her stuff elsewhere. This might be something you really want to push for.
That's a great idea!
"Mom, I accept your decision to cancel your trip especially in light of your assumption that my request for you to refrain from commenting on my weight or making weight-related remarks during your visit as a rejection of you as a person. I am frankly puzzled how a simple request could prompt such an over-reaction on your part." "My suggestion is for you to take the time you would have spent with us and seek out a professional counselor with whom you can discuss this obsession with the subject of weight, and the constant urge to make weight-associated comments about your weight, my weight, the neighbor's weight, the mailman's weight, etc. I don't think you realize how many times you bring the subject up in the course of a day. Yes, I do think it is bordering on the obsessive, and it is worrisome. Anxiety about your own body can manifest itself in many ways. I think it's time you did some introspection and perhaps be able to understand why I made the request for you to do this one small thing. I do love you, but I will not allow you to claim "victim" over a request to please not harp about anyone's weight including mine."
Here's where you assume she understood and accepted every single word you meant about LO being the only child you will give birth to. Yo send a warm &amp; fuzzy thank you card in return and blow some hot air up her skirt: *Dear MIL, I'm pleased to know you found much joy in our visit. Time at the lake will always be part of the happy family memories DH &amp; I share, and fingers crossed LO will one day love it as much as we do. I'm also pleased you finally understand &amp; have come to peace with the knowledge there will be no future additions to our small family unless they are furry, or with fins, or scales. With such a difficult &amp; traumatic delivery, we realized I came as close to death as either I or DH ever thought possible. Neither he nor I are willing to put my life at risk again especially now that we already have a beautiful child to devote our energies into raising a kind &amp; decent human. The phrase "One and Done" must be our mantra for now and ever.* *Thank you so much for your warm hospitality and for all the grandmother love &amp; squeezings. It's so good to spend time with family. I'm afraid LO will become genuinely spoiled if he/she ever figures out just how much you guys love you have for him/her. Isn't it amazing how such little people can absolutely captivate us?* *Sending you all our best, Likesyouasafriend &amp; DH*
I think you really need a crash course in the power of the Magic Words. Go [here](https://www.reddit.com/user/schnitzeldehuahua/submitted/) and read how schnitzeldehuahua handled/handles her PITA MIL. It's a link to a lot of glorious the MIL-wrangling she's done over the years. Start with *My MIL is always right &amp; now I am ALWAYS late.* The follow it with *The magic words: No Thank You!* and *My coffee urn was not a coffee urn, but it was mine.* It's some of the best advice ever. When subjecting yourselves to the mothers in your life, be sure to remember not to JADE your responses. They can't argue with you if you refuse to engage in conversation. Just smile blandly, pretend you are listening to their sage advice, and then proceed to do whatever the hell you two want to do with getting on with YOUR LIVES. If they want to threaten you with withdrawing financial support, call their bluff. Be prepared to make do with less: less financial assistance for the wedding, less emotional support from family members, and less contact with them. It won't be easy, but if you can get it through their thick heads your lives are not theirs to manage or dictate, it will be worth it in the long run (especially if you decide to have children in the future).
I'm sorry to hear about the pregnancy. :( I'm sure wonky hormones aren't helping right now. It sounds like you've got a bit of a juggling act on your hands between "do we keep her in the loop" or "saving our sanity by keeping her in the dark for as long as possible" with the pausible excuse of wanting to surprise her once you're sure all systems are GO! Of course, ideally that would be after you've delivered. "SURPRISE! YOU'RE A GRANDMOTHER ONCE AGAIN!
Stock it full of dogs. Lots and lots of wonderful dogs. But they bark. At EVERYTHING. All damned day. And they steal your snacks.
Of course! It's almost-heaven, so they're good boys and girls, oh yes, they are!, but very, very vocal snack thieves.
You might want to try your hand at making [fettucini with lupin flour](https://www.resolutioneats.com/blog/low-carb-lupin-flour-fettuccine-noodles/) they actually turn out to be not too bad once you get the hang of making them and they have more of a pasta texture and flavor profile than vegetable spirals. I've used the recipe to make lasagna noodles. As for the Shirataki noodles, they do have a very distinct fishy odor, although [Zeroodle Premium Shirataki with Oat Fiber](https://www3.netrition.com/zeroodle-premium-shirataki-oat-fiber.html) from netrition.com are supposed to be much more palatable with no fishy odor. I haven't tried them yet, so can't vouch for them.
YAY!!! Now, stand by to double down on your promise to yourself to no longer put up with her nonsense. Once she figures out she's hoisted herself with her own petard, I have a feeling this bit of poo-flinging by your MIL is but a small precursor of the shitstorm to come. You guys might want to take a few minutes to think about her past bullcrappery to see if you can pull together a pattern of past behavior in order to predict her next angles of attack and plan accordingly.
Compromise and complete honesty might be the words of the day. "We have to be completely honest with you, MIL. As much as we want to see you, what you are requesting of us is extremely unworkable for us given our current situation. With this in mind, we're are offering a compromise which will allow you a quick visit without putting a very great strain on us both physically and financially. MIL, you must come alone if you just can't wait to see the baby. You can sleep on the floor in a sleeping bag, on the sofa, or you are welcome bring an air mattress. This is the best we can offer. As we said before, we are still trying to get our feet underneath us with all the new changes in our world. With the new baby and lack of sleep, we don't have the stamina to entertain a houseful of people no matter how much we love you, and our budget definitely cannot afford to feed an entire family three meals a day. We just cannot afford to do it without putting us behind the financial 8 ball. You simply have to understand we cannot accommodate a house full of guests which will need places to sleep --which we do not have. Please don't argue this since we know absolutely how much room we do and do not have in this house. Then there are the three meals a day for an additional five people which we cannot provide as the kitchen needs to be unpacked and organized. We absolutely cannot afford to provide take out meals for you, FIL, PLUS three siblings. It just way too much to ask of us right now. HOWEVER, we would love to consider having the entire family come in a month or so once the house is ready for a tour, but be aware that even then you will have to find a hotel for all to sleep because we simply do NOT have the space to accommodate five people. It's a case of too many people for comfort, and nothing more. Please be understanding of our circumstances, and please don't try to push us into something we know will make a hardship for us right now."
Ugh. That's great for you. I'm at 80 hours and down 1.2lbs. Not sure how long I will keep at it. My goal was to move off ten and then switch back to IF and keto. At this rate I'll be water fasting until the cows come home.
Hell's bells! No sleeping over. Let the family come in the morning to see the house and baby, tell MIL *they* will be on the hook for ordering, paying for, and picking up lunch for EVERYONE, and then everyone will be heading home before dinner. No sleep overs this visit. She can take the offer or make plans for later in the summer.
"MIL, what the hell are you complaining about? *I* had cancer, not you. Sorry if *MY* cancer interfered with all the wonderful plans you've had these last months. Feces occurs. Now, if you want to turn this into the Catastrophe Olympics, I have to tell you I win all heats across the board. You were minorly inconvenienced. I had to put my world in a holding pattern while I was fighting for my life. Quit your whining. It paints you in an awful light."
Actually I've kept a low carb lifestyle for years and years but between a wicked knee injury and getting older, my weight really climbed over the last year. It's been frustrating since I was a daily runner and running was an easy way for my to be able to indulge. Switched to a modified keto diet back at Easter after hearing so many wonderful things about it. Three days in, I was in ketosis, I thought, as according to the keto strips I was spilling anywhere from moderate to large ketones. Tested strip every single day, and was always either dark pink or purpe but I wasn't dropping weight like I should. Maybe about 6-7 pounds in three weeks. I'm 5'10" and my starting weight at Easter was 191. Figured I wasn't in enough of a calorie deficit for the weight to really drop. One other thing which might be playing a factor is I am on hormone replacement therapy--pellets inserted into my backside every 3 months. I was at 185 on 6May when I had a round of pellets inserted. Picked up a pound a day until the scales hit 193 while sticking to keto faithfully. While my brain is telling me that gain the result of the influx of estrogen, it's been a real mind game to keep on keto-ing and not to crawl into a bag of Cheetos to drown my sorrows. Decided to see if a water fast might flush some of the fluid (and I do take prescription diuretics because of a lifelong problem with edema) and kick my metabolism into overdrive. As of yesterday morning when I checked I was turning the sticks dark purple so I'm hoping to start seeing some progress as the week goes on. My plan once I break my fast is to go to OMAD (keto) and keep the calories low. How low I'm going to have to go in order to continue to lose until I hit my goal weight will be the next hurdle.
Thank you! When weighing the side effects with the overall benefits I receive from the HRT, I go with the HRT every time.
Early menopause. I went on it early enough that just about everything snapped back to "situation normal" relatively quickly. The only fly in the ointment has been the cycle of weight gain immediately after I get pelleted, especially that it seems to land on my hips &amp; belly. Not having a flat stomach after all the hard work I've put into trying to get fit after losing a huge amount of weight several years ago (via low carb) really grinds my gears. Bones are great. My orthopedic surgeon says I have the bones of an 18 year old (this is where my youngest would joke "Yeah, she's got them buried in the back yard!"). I think the high impact exercising helped tremendously with that. I'll be sticking with the HRT, especially after reading *Estrogen Matters* written by Avrum Bluming, M.D. and Carol Tavris. Heard them recently on [The Drive podcast](https://peterattiamd.com/caroltavris-avrumbluming/) where they went into even greater detail. My genetics have me pre-disposed to certain disorders that HRT seems to works as a preventative. I want to make sure if I'm going to live as long as my grandparents did, I'm going to make sure I stay as healthy as possible. I guess you could say I want a great healthspan as well as a good lifespan.
"Yep, I suppose it *is* my fault for not allowing MIL to push me around in my own marriage. It's my fault for speaking up and objecting to how MIL treats me, because goodness knows asking someone to be civil &amp; polite is such an imposition. It's my fault for being hurt when informed by my MIL that I am *not* family--even though she forgets she married into the family name the EXACT same way I did. It's my fault for supporting my husband in his requests for his parents to give him some space and not attempt to control his life. It's my fault that I object MIL going behind my back to contact my biological parent to stir up trouble and ask why am I so crazy--crazy because I won't kowtow to her and let her interfere with every single aspect of my life." "You know, if I'm not family, why in the hell does she think she is entitled to tell another woman how and what to do in her life? Yes, it is ALL my fault. Of course it is. Guilty as charged."
If she pushes the subject again, he can get a bit crass and say "I like more cushion for the pushin'. You know...I want someone a bit more substantial when I take her in my arms and not be afraid she's gonna break."
Me, too. I'm a fan of the No. 4 Super comb prep, and the Arrow Lip Tint. I've been wanting to try the ponytail thingamabob for awhile. I'm happy that this time I'm guaranteed no luminous highlighter that only makes my oily skin even shinier no matter how I try to work with it. I was really hoping for another drawer-style box!
As we say in my part of the country, your MIL tried to constantly feed you a "shit sandwich" and was highly offended each time you refused to eat it. Now your mother is telling you to go ahead and take a few bites. It won't be that bad and you will make things easier by letting your MIL have her own way. You are an adult woman. You are the Alpha female in your home. Your MIL AND your mother are forgetful that the pecking order has changed. You do NOT have to do what they say just because they are mothers to you &amp; your husband. You can still be respectful of their opinions, but that doesn't mean you have to live your lives according to their wishes. Try using phrases like *"We'll take it under advisement,"* or *“Thank you for your input.”* There's also *"I appreciate the strength of your convictions, but I'm not comfortable with that idea."* and *"We have heard your objection, but we have made a decision that is contrary to your wishes as is our right. You do not have to like our decision, but you must respect it is our choice to make."* If she brings up anything to do with your decisions potentially causing harm, just say *"Well, it's a risk I'm willing to take. If YOU managed to raise two children to adulthood without them coming to harm, I am fairly certain I won't have a problem."*
Most of us don't expect guests to help; but many of us were raised that when you're a guest in someone's home, it's a nice thing to offer to help whether it's setting the table, or simply pouring the host/hostess a glass of wine and keeping them company in the kitchen while they prep. Personally, I'd rather have people not in the kitchen because I tend to get distracted if everyone is hanging out getting underfoot while I'm trying to cook. u/McDuchess offers a really good tip on handling SMIL and MILs like her. By the mere offering of help, even if it's nothing more than lip service because it really does seem to be all taken care of, it makes a OP &amp; DH appear to be happy to be invited and kind enough to want to ease the burden of "SMIL/MIL going to all the trouble." If the offer of help is declined, then OP &amp; DH can truthfully say without any qualms "our offers of assistance were declined. We tried to help, but she shooed us out of the way." Working the angles with plausible deniability. It also allows no room for blame when the in-law complains. "Hey, we offered several times. We aren't mind readers, and if you tell us *no,* then we aren't going to be rude enough to argue and get in your way. We offered. You said *no.* You don't get to come after us later for not helping, and you're flat out wrong to even try."
Several years ago when she was a teen, my youngest started to give out a fake name when she signed up for things just as a joke. To this day she still receives junk mail addressed to *HerFirstName Killingspree.*
I adore that name. It's classic, like Rose, or Daisy. The ONLY thing I can think of that is even remotely linked to Violet being the name of a woman of ill-repute is from *It's A Wonderful Life.* [Violet Bick was played by Gloria Grahame](https://giphy.com/gifs/about-me-freecocaine-jacknicholson-naOLTH7En8Cgo/fullscreen) was the very attractive blonde George Bailey saved from disgrace. And then there's Violet Beauregarde from *Charlie and the Chocolate Factory* but she was just a greedy brat. I love reading about a MIL beaten at her own game.
MIL Logic is never logical.
Good point!
I understand completely. I look forward to the day when I can go scorched earth on a rather difficult individual. To quote a well-known Barbarian, I long to crush my enemy, see them driven before me, and hear the lamentation of my FOG-bound sibling who suffers from a rather acute case of cranial-rectal inversion.
You could be a little twerp. ;). When she asks you an instrusive question about breastfeeding, ask her when was the last time she had sex. *"Are you sure it's often enough? Is it giving you everything you need? You know, those grumpy moods you always seem to be in when you're around me &amp; the baby might be from not having enough quality orgasms. Maybe you should try supplementing with a vibrator?"*
Wait for her to initiate contact. Reply with "Your behavior and attempts to tell me who gets to hold my child and for how long crossed the line. Words cannot begin to describe how frustrated and angry I am over your actions. It's best that we take a break from communication. I'll be in touch when *I* am ready and not before. Do not push me on this. You will NOT like the consequences."
Drop her an email with New Year's greetings. "MIL, I just wanted to personally wish you a happy new year. In the spirit of fresh and new things, I think it's best you and I begin this year on the same page so we BOTH know where we stand with the other." "I feel it is vitally important for you to realize something you have overlooked in the past. DH &amp; I are a team. We discuss everything. We share every aspect of our lives together, including conversations we have with our parents. All of them. In great detail. Both DH &amp; I know EXACTLY how our parents feel about our spouse--and the spouse knows as well. A slam against one is a slam against both." "Perhaps in the future it might be best to remember this wonderful thing about our marriage before oversharing harsh, unflattering opinions. You know, like opinions on whether we will be fit parents, or the ridiculous idea a man's wife is of less importance than his mother. I promise you it will spare a great deal of heartache in the future to keep in mind DH &amp; I cherish each other, and will always defend the other from maliciousness, including from our relatives. May the coming year bring nothing but happiness for us all. As ever, ByeBeech"
Ever see the Paul Newman movie *Cool Hand Luke?* There's a classic line about [communication.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2f-MZ2HRHQ) *Apples, are you suuuure?* "What I'm 100% suuuure about is our failure...to communicate. You ask a question. I answer the question with crystalline clarity. Then for some strange reason only heaven can determine you always, ALWAYS question the veracity of my answer to you. Always." "Why do you do this? Why do you ask me if I was sure? Do you think my answer is going to change, or is it because YOU don't like the answer you receive, so by using some bizarre form of reverse psychology you'll convince me to do what you really want me to say something you *want* to hear?" "Look, let's save some time and some aggravation. From now on when you ask me a question and I answer you, don't ask me if I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm positive. Don't waste time and oxygen questioning my response. Stop trying to get me to change my answer from the reality of what you've been told to your idea of what you'd really like my answer to be. You ask a question. I'll answer. Asked, and answered. BOOM! End of conversation."
Want to lob a big grenade the next time the subject of your expected whorish behavior while on a date? *"Mom, perhaps YOU struggled with self control over your sexual urges while dating, but don't assume I will have the same problem. Please have enough confidence in the way you raised me to know I will make wise decisions about my own conduct &amp; behavior."* Her explosion will be spectacular.
Fair winds, Apathy. Tennessee is a beautiful state. “I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars.” I'll look forward to your return.
It's more sad than comical. Your first line explains so very much about your mother, and given this info, I retract my last suggestion. I know how heavily this sub frowns on having empathy or sympathy for JustNos, but damn. To have her childhood, her teenaged years ripped away like that...wow. It shaped and helped form the person she's become. It explains her damaged world view of a woman's "place." Keep your "eye on the prize" as they say. You have been given the strength of character and freedom not to feel forced into such a tragic path as your mother. Knowledge is power, and with power comes freedom. *"...and one day she discovered that she was fierce and strong and full of fire and that not even she could hold herself back because her passion burned brighter than her fears."* I have a feeling your mother will always be searching for the woman she could've been rather than the one she ended up being, and maybe in her own damaged way, even though she's acting like a crab in a bucket, she's hoping you'll avoid her fate.
&gt;FYI, it's "lo and behold" Derived from "Look, and behold." English. Ever evolving, and recently described as "...many languages stacked up in a trench coat trying to be one, while wearing a fedora."
Oh, I do so adore this!
Piling on. Weary is not wary. American Dollar symbol comes BEFORE the amount, not after. Airlines tend to cut off pregant flyers at the 36 week mark. International travel can be even earlier. Stop telling a woman who is 36+ to fly back to her "home country." In the US, individuals do not "press charges," nor do police. In the context of the criminal law, only a municipal, state, or federal attorney can decide to charge someone with a crime and file a charging document. A victim can file a complaint with law enforcement, but it's not up to the victim what happens after the complaint is filed. Anyone can issue an informal Cease And Desist letter. A Restraining Order, unless the circumstances of dealing with the JustNo are putting a family in imminent danger, are not always granted. The American Court system drags. Be prepared to start logging incidents and gather all the evidence you can before going before a judge.
Would there be an exception to this? "MIL gave a hideous painting to me &amp; my husband." Eh. Maybe not. It still sounds off. I'd be more inclined to write "MIL gave a hideous painting to us," or "MIL gave us a hideous painting."
"MIL gave a hideous painting to my husband and I." The sentence it sounds like a piano with an out of tune key, doesn't it? If I could wave a magic wand, I'd cast a spell making every child and parent WANT to take advantage of the free education in America (no matter how sub-standard it might be in some areas of the country). I'd want for them all to realize the importance of learning to read &amp; to write in a competent manner, and understand learning the basic concepts of math can be one of the most beneficial gifts they could ever give themselves. Feed that starving mind! Knowledge is a powerful thing. When we know more, we can do more. Unfortunately, it seems the trap of peer pressure to be cool or fit in with the crowd is more powerful.
It sounded like an unusual version of an upside down "dump cake" made with flapjack mix instead of a boxed cake mix, but when I did some digging, I realized your flapjacks are very similar to our oatmeal bars. One of the bar cookies I made during the holidays was a version of [Raspberry Oatmeal Bars](https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11314/delicious-raspberry-oatmeal-cookie-bars/), but I used orange marmalade instead of raspberry jam and sprinkled a bit of toasted coconut along with the final crumb topping. They were marvelous. I wonder if you might be able to adapt the recipe I've linked? The addition of custard powder mixed with the juice has me very curious, but I don't dare experiment. When the yoga pants are getting tight, it's the Universe's way of saying "Girl, it's time to get back to that low carb life of yours, like yesterday!"
I did a face/palm when I read this since it's a recipe I grew up with and is in one of the more common of American cookbooks from the 60s and 70s. I can't remember if it's in the classic [Better Homes &amp; Gardens red checked cookbook](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51ZXQ09BDPL._SX258_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg), or The Joy of Cooking. My Gran started me out with that recipe since it was something a young baker couldn't screw it up too terribly, and they held up better as the traditional Christmas roll/cut/decorate bake style of cookies. It's my go-to when I make decorated sugar cookies. Poor Beckster. It's a shame she couldn't share the pleasure of passing on a family favorite so people could fondly remember her cookies, and instead was stuck in that ego trap of some imaginary cooking competition people think they're in. Too bad they'll never figure out their super secret magic ingredients aren't so super secret or magic.
For the first few years of her life, my in-laws referred to our first born as "La Niña." She has a classic English first and middle name. As my Spanish FIL was quite the Anglophile, I think it was just their pet name for her until they realized she was a fiery little personality who could communicate her own preferences. I suppose you could turn the tables and begin having your daughter start calling her "Woman" instead of any form of grandmother, like others have suggested. Maybe it'll be the kick in the arse she needs to dislodge her head out of her rectum.
"Candlelight" to be specific. "It's not white or ivory! I promise!" I wouldn't be surprised at pale silvery grey either, and head to toe lace with a little veil fascinator to match. Oh, yeah...don't forget the tiny bouquet/nosegay resembling u/tropicanti's bouquet. I mean, if you're gonna stomp those border fences, she might as well crush them straight into the ground. u/tropicanti, you'll have to give us a rundown of your big day once the dust has settled (and bail has been set). I'll be eager to read if she sports a cat butt face in all the photos, or if she'll be clinging to your DH's arm like a turd on a cat's butt.
She wants to hold the baby the next time you see her? "Naw, I think we've done enough baby holding for the time being, don't you? I find someone who insists on bragging how they held DD in their arms before DD's own mother and that they were SECOND person after DH to hold her to everyone but the mailman *(thankfully, DH DID hand that baby to her so she can't claim THAT first)* is not really someone who needs the extra reward of hold my child right now." "I think those magical stolen moments in the delivery room will have to tide you over for awhile. Does that sound petty? Perhaps, but I am not going to apologize for my feelings this time. By rubbing my face in the fact you held my daughter before me has caused more harm to my relationship with you than you can possibly imagine. After laboring long and hard to bring my daughter into this world, my baby was not some prize to be passed to anyone except the woman who shed blood, sweat, and tears to do so." "I cannot begin to tell you how disappointed and embarrassed I am to hear you use that stolen *first* as some badge of honor. I sure hope that selfish bragging 'Grandma was FIRST!' was worth it to you. It's going to take me a very long time to see past my anger with your unthinking behavior, and past my disappointment in DH's incredible lack of foresight."
"MIL, unfortunately, your inability to manage your own grief is forcing me to say this. From now on, you are forbidden to bring up the subject of my son to me. Not his death, not how much you miss him, not how hard it is for you--you were his grandmother, might I remind you, and not the woman who brought him into the world." "I will no longer be your sounding board, your emotional support person. My own grief is too deep to be burdened with the addition of yours and it is unfair of you to insist otherwise. I thought perhaps you would get my gentle hints I've been dropping, but unfortunately you have been deaf and blind to the hurt you are inflicting." "We are not having a conversation here. There is nothing to talk about. I am telling you the boundaries I am putting in place now. Immediately. You will abide by them, or I will remove myself from any communication with you. I'm sorry you feel this is harsh but you have backed me into an uncomfortable corner and left me no choice. The subject of ANYTHING to do with my child will not longer be a topic of discussion."
Well, of course she did! After all, it contained eggs, and everyone knows eggs are good for you AND delicious! DH is not a mad scientist and is correct about eggs. Eggs are evil:::shudder:::unless they are heavily disguised by other ingredients, like cake. I trying to learn to eat them as a breakfast food, but honestly, life is short and there are so many other foods I'd rather enjoy.
If they get pissed, it's obvious they haven't tasted fish. It tastes so darned fishy! I'll eat darned near anything except fish or eggs (or fish eggs). They're those foods on my *Only If I'm Starving (&amp; Then I'll Have To REALLY Think About It)* list. I've never been bold enough to flat out refuse to eat anything mostly out of politeness until this past summer when I had to confess to friends who had invited my husband and I to dinner there was no way in hell I was going to waste their money eating their lovely expensive salmon and hating every mouthful. I'm so lucky they put up with my quirks. Usually, I just push the food around my plate and make it look like it's been eaten.
There's only one thing I can offer on the side of plausibility is this. After re-reading the bit about the sticks and tarp, I think could've been the parts &amp; bits to one of those snap-set pools that come in a box. You know, the ones you can set up in your backyard in about 30 minutes and fill with a hose (which takes forever)? Yeah, one of those that probably came from an open-box resale store. The whole thing smacks of a sitcom with the low rent in-laws: the mother's a nasty bossyboots and scruffy ol' dad has given up on ever being happy again. The wet laundry just sitting around in a basket for aunt to hang just adds to the trope.
Yeetboi? You're going to have to be a little bit more direct about who you're talking about.
Thanks! I did a quick search and came up with zip. Now I know why. My search skills suck.
Oy. Reading it on its face, it's disjointed &amp; emotional enough for me to think it's on the up &amp; up--well, parts of it. I'm not sure exactly what she's looking for here. Validation? Revenge? How to seek closure? I'm going to do the same thing as AnAnonymess and tackle it again when I can plow through the hopscotchery of text and concentrate. edit: erased the naughty "u/." Thanks, AA, for giving me the heads up about the brainfart.
It's blasted! TY! I did a bit of creeping, too. Sounds like she lived under an iron first while at home. Had offered advice on how to hide a cell phone from parents. :(
Perhaps a mild goat cheese or marscapone? Marscapone is a wee bit different than cream cheese. A full fat sour cream or yogurt might work but probably would have to be added during the last ten minutes of cooking.
If she whines again about the clothing the baby will wear home from the hospital: *"MIL, who chose the clothing DH wore home from the hospital?"* If she replies she did, then *"Isn't that great you got to choose? I will be doing the exact same thing!"* If she says it was someone else who made the choice, *"Oh, how unfortunate that choice was taken away from you. I'm adamant that choice will not be stolen from me. This is my first baby, so by all rights I get to choose as my baby's mom. I wish the entire family would take a step back and remember exact who this baby belongs to and how the parents are entitled to enjoy their baby's 'first whatevers.' WE get to choose the outfits and decorate the nursery. We will get to take baby to see Santa first, or buy Baby's First Christmas ornament. People need to stop and remember they've had their chance to do these 'firsts' with their children. For Pete's sake, quit trying to take our damned 'firsts,' too!"* Have house shoes/slippers for the in-laws. *"Sorry you're not used to being asked not to track dirt from the outside through the house; however, it makes it easier on US if you will cooperate. DH chose these especially for your use while here."* (So, it might be a fib who picked them out. Point is, there are slippers for their use. Wear them or not, but the outside shoes come off.) Flu immunization: *"Look, folks, influenza is on the rampage. You both know this. You watch TV and you both know it has not been kind to the elderly nor the very young. It's been fairly lethal this year. Lethal, as in killing people dead. The fact you seem to care so little about your own health is worrisome, but the idea you don't give one single damn about your grandchild's health &amp; safety enough to ensure you're immunized and won't be a 'Typhoid Mary' is alarming. The choice to get the shot, or not, is entirely up to you, but please know the choice of us allowing our child to be exposed to people who choose not to be immunized is entirely OURS to make, and guess what that choice is going to be? So, choose wisely."*
&gt;“No! We had all the cameras and video cameras back then (in the 80s) and we took the same amount of pictures! You won’t want them all!” Like hell we did! We may have had video cameras and still cameras, but there is no way Everyday Joe &amp; Josephine took anywhere close to the amount of photos we all currently take. If that was the case, all of us would have more than a few shoe boxes and albums chock full of the photos our parents took. Remembering the cost of developing that film alone should clue her in how mistaken her belief is. Now, the exception to that would've been my MIL. The woman lived with a camera stuck to her face when we visited. I hated it. My kids hated it, but I will be forever grateful she took all the photos she did. Once the twins came along, life got very busy. Taking photographs with my little Pentax was the last thing on my mind unless we were taking specific photos to send to my husband while he was deployed. Might I make a suggestion to those who save their photos online? Even though you upload your photos to something like seemingly reliable as google, do yourself an enormous favor and also back them up to something tangible like a thumb drive. It can be pretty heartbreaking to discover a site you've trusted with your memories has suddenly taken away access. [The *Reply All* podcast does a great job of analyzing one such incident with the users of PictureLife.](https://gimletmedia.com/shows/reply-all/2oh9ge)
I've had remarkable results with the paste version of [Quick-n-Brite.](https://quicknbrite.com/product/quickn-brite-fireplace-cleaner-copy/) I purchased the 80oz. version from Amazon for around $28, shipped. Just for info sake, my brick fireplace is painted with a white latex (eggshell finish), so cleaning it was a bit easier than if it had been a simple finish. The stuff works well on patio cushions, too.
This is one of the assumptions frequently made over on the other sub which pisses me off to no end. Does the over-reaction come from so many of us having been taught to be more aware of sexual abuse, or is it because so many of those responding have encountered it in some form in their own family?
Are there Midwives who are also Nurse Practioners in the UK? My SIL here in the US is a certified Midwife-Nurse Practitioner. I'm fairly certain she's allowed to make referrals for her patients and prescribe meds (although some of the heavy duty meds might carry a Physician approval).
Good point!
No, she couldn't, not during OP's OB appointment, but if she saw him in office in the role of NP, it could be possible. Of course, OP never mentioned midwife ever had a proper patient encounter with the husband so my theory flew right out the window.
Her mother is Artsy. I am so happy for this young girl. I just think she ought to understand her mother very well may pull out all the stops and have a massive extinction burst. I wish her the very best of life. She's taking charge of her life, and this first taste of freedom must be so sweet for her!
I wish more people understood this. It seems as if the rehearsal dinner has become something akin to a pre-wedding reception, than a small meal for the wedding party after the rehearsal to say "thank you, our special people. We're so glad you will be standing with us on our special day. Now, don't faint, or drop the rings, or the bouquets!"
You guys ARE doing a great job pointing out when we go over to the dark side suggesting a bit of gaslighting, or really screwing with JustNos. However, there have been times when an OP's own behavior reeks so badly of JustNo that it's apparent to many subscribers this OP's JustNo behavior is a major contributing factor to the issues the OP is having. "If someone is an asshole, they're an asshole. If everyone is an asshole, maybe you're the asshole." While I understand it's not polite to say "OP, get your head out of your butt, and stop acting like an entitled brat with all of your wild demands," we ought to be allowed to point out serious missteps they are making in their interactions with the JustNos. Blindly blowing hot air up someone's skirt, while ignoring their obvious obnoxious behavior is NOT giving someone support. It's feeding into an irrational expectation that they do no wrong and it's ALWAYS the fault of everyone else. It comes down to perspectives. There's the JustNo's perspective. There's the OP's perspective. And then there's the truth which is generally somewhere between the two. In a support sub, if given fairly and politely, I see no reason why all polite points of view from members of this sub cannot be shared with the OP without fear of repercussion from the mods. It's what my grandfather used to call "having a Dutch Uncle talk" with someone. You tell them some truths that might be difficult to hear, but need to be said.
I think it would an entirely reasonable thing to ask especially since your purpose is multifold. It's a teaching moment, and she certainly doesn't realize what she's doing is more than sneaky. You're relaying the information to OP that her tactic of irritating her infant to the point of crabbiness very well could have serious consequences on the baby's development. Hopefully, once being told about cortisol/neuro connection she'd realize her behavior towards her infant is damned unkind at the very least, and possibly detrimental--I don't want accuse her of abuse, but if I knew the OP IRL, it certainly would make me ask her what in the fresh hell was she thinking to feel it was ok to agitate her child enough to use the baby's moods/emotions as weapon against her MIL. Ultimately, the end game is to get her to find a different way to deal with the issues she has with her MIL, call attention to how badly her tactics can backfire &amp; harm, and quit using the baby as an instrument to inflict her own JustNo behavior on both her MIL and on her own kid. If she gets defensive about her shitty behavior, too damned bad. What she is purposely doing to her own child is so many shades of wrong and she needs to be called on it. We protect those who absolutely cannot protect themselves.
I still believe there can be diplomatic ways to tell an OP their head is stuck too far up their entitled ass. Yes, there might be a bit of discomfort to help them remove it, but I do think it can be done. Edit--I'm glad to know you guys have a Prime Directive about the innocents.
"Darling, what is it about the word *no* you're having such a difficult time understanding? After putting up with insult after insult she has delivered directly to my face, and the attempted character assassinations of me when she's alone with you, you are a spectacular amount of wrong if you think I am willing to walk into such a patently obvious trap. You have to understand little by little, a little becomes a lot. All her barbed comments and insults have added up to a burden I'm unwilling to continue to carry. Frankly, I'm disappointed that you would to ask me to continue to be hurt by her. I think that's really unfair." "If she *truly* wants to 'get to know me' as you put it, then she can reach out via phone, text, or email and begin a conversation directly with me. I'll be happy to respond. What *really* needs to happen is for her to offer a genuine apology to me, but I know she is incapable of introspection. You have to understand until she begins to take stock of how her hurtful her behavior has been, I’m not emotionally invested in resolving this situation, nor do I feel the need to continue to be a target for her insults. So, no. I will not be going to her home. I won't stop *you,* but my days of being your meatshield against your mother's nastiness have come to an end. You are on your own."
I didn't know Uggs made stilettos! Don't forget to wear your I-don't-care hair in a messy bun because that's code for totes casual.
That *goals* is that perfect sprinkle of ethically sourced Sumatran organic nutmeg atop a soy milk pumpkin spiced latte with extra swirls and seven pumps of caramel.
[The Acronym Index](https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/wiki/index#wiki_acronym_dictionary) and many other helpful links can be found pinned at the top of the comments section of JustNoMil posts under the Quick Rule Reminders. It's worth it to give that page a whirl!
I know it's wrong to judge personality by appearances (and probably a bit irrational), but his MIL does NOT look like a pleasant person. The frowny scowl looks practically etched into her face. And this is coming from someone who suffers from a minor case RBF.
&gt;A few days later I got a message from her, saying she was sorry. "OP, I just wanted to say I'm sorry." *"For??? Exactly what is it you are sorry for?"* ":::insert some insipid blatering non-apology response:::" *"That's not even close to an apology. You're merely trying to justify &amp; defend your behavior. Now, let's try this again. What exactly are you apologizing for? If you can't be specific, how am I to know which one of the things you did that you are apologizing for?"* Prepare for some bitchery in response. If she actually can apologize for a concrete action, then you can go down the *"...and what is your plan to keep from repeating this mistake with me/us in the future? I have to tell you your behavior was unpleasant and uncalled for. If you can't get a grip on these emotional outbursts, you will find yourself sitting on the sidelines of our life."* People like this have a terrible time admitting culpability &amp; apologizing, so encouraging their babysteps into admitting guilt *sometimes* is beneficial; however, if she doesn't come up with a decent apology, then what do you have to lose by laying it out before her? Lay waste to her village and set her crops on fire. *"Look, Babs. I'm going to be upfront with you. It's high time someone had this conversation with you. I was not raised around people who use emotional outbursts and guilt as weapons of control, so your behavior is quite...well, let's just say it's interesting to observe. I feel compelled to tell you terroristic tactics like this, and yes, they are terroristic--they aren't going to work with me."* *"I'm not going to put up with your nonsense and your tiresome dramatics. I don't deal with emotional terrorists. I don't have the patience. I think your son has finally realized he doesn't have to accept behavior like this from ANYBODY, including his own damned mother. Every time I witness one of your displays, I am embarrassed for you both."* *"I've got some advice for you. You want to be in our lives? Then sort yourself out. Stop this bullshit 'I'm a victim/no one helps/poor me' song and dance of yours. You're not a special snowflake, and you're not owed any special deference just because you gave birth to FDH. Your ride on the self-entitled train stops today."* *"My mother didn't raise me to be a doormat, or to kowtow to anyone just because they throw a hissy fit to get their way. I'm planning to live my life with the man I love and raise any children we have without subjecting them to obnoxious, toxic family. You're an intelligent woman, so you know actions have consequences. You need to think about what you'll lose if you keep going the way you have been. The choice of how you behave going forward is yours. Choose wisely."*
Same here. Every. Single. One. Repeat. I'm so disappointed. The worst part is what the spoilers said I was going to receive for my box number were wrong except for the KVD eyeliner and the Glamglow. I'll use them, but I really would like to receive something new and different.
Hypnotizing, isn't it? ;) You might try looking to the right or left of her hips as she ascends, or for safety's sake, concentrate your gaze down towards her legs/feet. At least by looking downwards, you'll get an early warning if she missteps so you can be a hero &amp; prevent her falling, or you can step out of the way and let mayhem rule.
Something your pediatrician might also want double check is the outside chance your little guy might have infectious mononucleosis on top of everything else going on with his GI. The rash often presents itself after a few days on antibiotics. Pediatric mono wouldn't be unusual considering he's in a daycare situation. It might be as easy as a finger stick at the lab without an appointment at Peds to see if he pops positive. (I have to say how incredibly lucky he is to have only 4 in his Daycare room! Base childcare is notorious for staying chock full with a long waiting list to get in.)
You can always tell her DH just loves the "easy access" sweater, especially when you go to the movies. *"He says it makes him feel like a teenager again, all excited about getting to second base with his best girl."*
Google "Tony's Commodity Pizza." The stuff is still for sale and you can buy it from Amazon, or [Schwan's.](http://schwans.force.com/sitesearch/productpdf?productCode=78698)
In a real pinch, Ellio's square pizzas can get pretty close and I think you can find them in single servings at your local Dollar Tree in case you don't want to take a chance buying a big box. I miss my lunch lady calling everyone "baby" and "honey" as much as I miss that pizza.
Bits and pieces amongst the ashes. You know, like the various chunks you'd get in a wood fireplace or a campfire. Not everything burns to complete ash. I suppose the bigger chunks could be sifted out (on a very windless day)?
It used to frustrate me as a young cook to look at these old recipes and think "YAY! I have all the ingredients to make this!" Then I'd read further into the directions to see I'd also need Rice Krispies, coconut, and a host of other things. Fye on you, Mrs. Brown! You're a recipe tease! ;)
So far, there hasn't been a Birchbox I've been sad I missed (other than the Oribe box). Play! is still a bargain even with the repeats so I can't complain too much about it. I'm happy to see they seem to be transitioning away from corpse &amp; cadaver nude lip colors that only worked for 10% of us. There's nude, and then there's lifeless. For all the repetition, it finally dawned on me to use all the Vitamin C/retinol-based facial products on the rest of my body, so I can start weeding through my backlog of things I thought I *couldn't* use since I'm already on prescription retinols. Unfortunately, I didn't realize this was a valid way to use those skincare samples when I cancelled my yearly subscription with Birchbox. I'll eventually get suckered back to Birchbox once they make me an offer I can't refuse. It'll have to be something other than an extra box full of the repeats I still haven't used, but sooner or later they'll dangle something shiny and I'll be hooked once again.
After OP &amp; her DH were married, she made a quick update about the holidays back in October or November. Amy Winepurse whined about this year being the first year in the BIL's whole life they weren't going to have Santa calls, so I think OP might've won the day on this.
Think of how a crabby person's face gets after they suck lemons--or get told something they don't want to hear...and then imagine that sour face/sour puss expression of disapproval intensifying into a pissed off super-pucker looking like a cat's butthole. That's how the Cat Butt Face began.
OP wants my karma? I'll trade a bit of karma if she'll promise to do a little proofreading in the future. Perhaps she will find her missing punctuation, or make her stop writing "Me and DH," "Me and YOUR son," and even remind her *your* is a possessive pronoun. It does not mean *you are,* and it never, ever will. I'm in a horrendously bitchy mood tonight. Reading the mangled mess of a post with the ensuing trite shiny spine comments is doing nothing to enhance my mood. I so want to paraphrase Jules Winnfield's line and comment, "English, motherf*cker! Can you even speak it?!" but I know it would result in a deserved TimeOut from the sub as well as a lecture on remembering reddit is populated with users from all around the globe.
I saw her face in the original video. She's quite harsh in appearance with a dour expression. There's a resting bitch face, and then there's "I'll cut you just for the fun of it because I'm a full blown See You Next Tuesday." Appearances do NOT indicate what a person is truly like, *but* watching that video uncensored--her expression, her demeanor approaching the door, AND her behavior make me lean heavily towards thinking she's generally an unkind, unpleasant individual to deal with unless you're on her good side.
Instead of having her visit your home and give her an opportunity to poke about the place, send her a brief text or email saying "I suddenly realized I have a few errands to run tomorrow. Since it's been awhile since we've been out &amp; about together, let's be *Ladies Who Lunch.* Well, it'll have to be *Ladies Who Lunch With Very Small People,* but I think it will be fun, and I'd like to slowly introduce the children to dining out. You know, it's never too soon to have little ones learn proper behavior at a restaurant. It'll be a challenge, but I think between the two of us, we can handle them. Let's plan on meeting around 11 at Slappy McMuffinstuff's." Figure out a place that will keep the kids visually distracted, serves quick, easy meals, and is just loud enough to drown out baby &amp; toddler squawks. You accomplish a few things doing this. You're keeping her out of your home while giving her a chance to see the children. She's getting the opportunity to "help" and "teach" manners (because we all know Grandma Knows The Best Ways To Raise Your Children, You Godless Heathen DIL, YOU!), AND you can pack up and escape when you're ready. If she offers to follow you home, you can fib by saying you have a few more errands left to run, "So, perhaps next time!" Pack lots of toys &amp; snacks for the LOs. Maybe even some paper &amp; crayons so the eldest can draw a pretty picture of Grandma to put on her refrigerator. "Maybe Grandma can show you how to draw a heart! Hearts mean lots of love, don't they, Grandma?" Life with JustNos are fraught with tiny skirmishes. Stay away from obvious traps. Try to avoid allowing your foes into your camp. Always have an escape plan. Learn to be vague &amp; obtuse. When they are critical of you, AGREE. "Yes, I know! Isn't it just awful? I just have the most difficult time with *issue.* You're so lucky not to have *problem.* You're so kind to point out my missteps." And then play to their ego. Pivot the conversation 180° out by complimenting something about them. "MIL, your skin/hair is looking absolutely radiant! It's not just the lighting in here. What are you doing differently? I have to know! You are so blessed to have such wonderful *whatever.* Oh, gosh! Would you look at Baby! Sometimes Baby gets this look on his/her face, and I swear it looks just like you. It's something about the mouth...aren't genes the most wonderful reminders of the people we love? So, tell me what you're doing differently." Distract, avoid, baffle with inane BS, misdirect, be oblivious, be vague. Learn to chatter aimlessly about nothing, and always remember complimenting someone about anything &amp; getting them to talk about themselves keeps them busy and the focus off of you.
To your MIL after you take him out of her arms while he cries: *"¡Pobrecito! I think he somehow knows his abuelita doesn't like his mom, and he's not very happy about it."* To your son as you snuggle &amp; calm him: *"Perhaps grandma should be a little bit more careful of the things she whispers to you about your mommy, yes? Nobody likes to hear belittling things about their mommy, do they sweetie? No, they certainly don't."*. And then directed back to your MIL: *"Babies are much more intelligent than most people give them credit. I think he knows you don't particularly care for me, but that's ok. We're each adults. We don't have to like each other. We merely have to be respectful to one another and not encroach on each others territory. I'm am mistress of my home, wife to my husband and mother to my child. You are mistress of YOUR home, and wife to your husband. Our roles in DH's life are completely clear. There is no competition to be had. I'm sure you will agree with me."*
Sometimes it is very hard to extricate ourselves from a complicated situation, or to find the inner strength to stand up for what we want because we're so afraid of the pushback, or that we are afraid of making waves. I think much of it comes from being told as children we need to "behave," or not to be rude, or be unpleasant. We're told to stop complaining about "unimportant things." You DID manage to grab the reins back from others and control the direction of how you want to live your lives as a family. THIS is what is most important. It's YOUR family. The choices on how you make it through this world should be entirely your own. When you finally feel ready to share your experiences, don't be surprised if you go through a mini-repeat of the anxiety and emotional upset that finally brought you to the point of saying **ENOUGH!** Maturing is realizing how many things don’t require our comment, or that how we choose to live our lives needs to be justified to anyone. As hard as it is to do, &amp; as guilty as we may feel, sometimes we just have to walk away without saying else.
Naw. OP needs to take a road a bit higher than the low road her smack whispering MIL rolls on. It's called plausible deniability. *"Why, sweetheart, all I said was that babies are smarter than we give them credit for, and it's my belief that our darling son picks up on the unpleasant undercurrent of dislike--or maybe it's competition your mom feels about me. I'm sure it's hard for her to accept the changes of having your attention &amp; love shift to your wife &amp; child. From what I understand, lots of mothers have a tough time learning to let go of their adult children. I'm sure once she realizes the love you feel for her isn't lessened by the love &amp; desire you feel for me, or the love you feel for the baby, she'll relax around me &amp; LO. I'm positive her 'jealous girlfriend phase' will eventually pass, and she'll be willing to acknowledge while she may be your mom, I am your wife and that you &amp; I are a team."*
The death of our JustNo a double-edged sword, especially when there were times we caught glimpes of a person we might've really grown to love had that side of their personality been shown to us more often. We're relieved we no longer have to steel ourselves to be in their presence, or endure their constant criticisms. We mourn the passing of lost opportunities to get things right, for the last chances that maybe, eventually, someday that JustNo would've had an epiphany like Ebeneezer Scrooge and changed their ways. Be there for your husband. Smile if he shares happy moments, commiserate if he rants. Don't allow him to rug-sweep her behavior or gaslight himself or you over the truth of the effect she had on your marriage. In the coming weeks remember that you will be the one to be the keeper of the truth. They say history is written by the victors. In a way, you are the victor. You outlasted her. When the past events of dealing with LL are spoken of, be fair, be kind, be truthful. Be all the things she struggled to be. You handled having her in your life the best way you could with the mixed bag of skills you had--the skills that both of you had. You walked through the fire and came out whole on the other side. Be proud of that fact.
LOL! No, although on bad hair days the blonde hair does look a bit mane-ish! It's just that I've done enough time on Earth to know no one can read our minds. No one knows our hearts as well as we know our own, and truly no one will look out for our own interests if we don't speak up. It's our responsibility to TRY. It's our responsibility to take that first big step in finding our own voice and make our desires heard. Quit making excuses for why we can't do something. Start looking for reasons and ways we CAN make a beneficial change, whether it's in our relationship with our JustNo, our SO, or our life in general. There is always *something.* Maybe it IS being a lioness. It's time to hear us [Roar!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CevxZvSJLk8)
A bed with a built in Bitching Betty? That's uncomfortably too Big Brother for me. Of course, I get a bit freaked out watching those inventory robots cruise the grocery aisle section of my local Walmart. That original *Terminator* movie scarred me for life. They *are* coming for us eventually. ;) I've been using Sam Harris' app called "Waking Up." I got hipped to it while listening to Dr. Peter Attia's podcast [TheDrive](https://peterattiamd.com/podcast/). I'll have to take a look at Buddhify. Thanks for the suggestion. One of my twins practices her own form of mindfulness--I guess that's the best thing to call it. She can relax to the point she can consciously lower her heart rate, and I mean LOWER it. It's absolutely astounding. My eldest is an RN. Yeah, Nurses are heroes. ALL of the folks who work on the wards are!
Mods just removed it! I wonder if it hit the report threshold early, or if the mods looked at it on their own and recognized the BS meter had been pegged HARD?
There's a booth at a small town Founder's Festival in Pennsylvania I go to each year that has customers standing half a dozen deep to purchase these pecans. They are SO good! They also do cashew, peanut, and almond versions. I try to make it a point to get a few extra "cones" to bring home with me, but it's a challenge not to eat them all before we get South. Adding a shake or two of ground ancho or cayenne pepper to this recipe adds an interesting and different kick. You get a sweet-salty-heat flavor profile that's really addictive. Think Beer Nuts, but better. If you're trying to watch your sugar intake, using powdered allulose works well, but you'll have to increase the amount of sweetener and WATCH THESE SUCKERS! They'll burn in a heartbeat if your heat is too high.
If you've seen *Dunkirk* and didn't have too much trouble following the plotlines, you should be ok. Without giving anything away, it's helpful to know you'll be flashing between three different timelines with a spread of around 30 years between past, present, and the time in between. Magic exists, and the Witcher does not age as fast as a human.
KatyG9, I'm a tiny bit concerned you've doxxed yourself by posting a link to your Instagram account. Perhaps moving the image to imgur might be a safer option? The mods might have a better suggestion. The internet is full of jerks. I would hate for someone to be an a-hole and try to give the Prioress a heads up about your plans. It's in our own best interests when dealing with JustNos that we keep a mind to safety and situational awareness.
Every time she tries to one-up something, channel your secret Southern Belle. *"Oh, bless your poor heart, MIL. This isn't a 'Who Mommies Best' competition. ANYONE who has been around a baby for any length of time knows each child is different. Babies have their preferences. I am absolutely sure you did just fine raising your boys. Relax! There's no need to prove anything to me by bringing up how you did things back in the day, or buy a different version of {item}. DH &amp; BIL made it to adulthood with no ill effects. Ya did good, hon. I understand your need, but I want YOU to understand it's not necessary. Raising a baby ain't 'rocket surgery.' I've got this handled."*
I'm not sure what this is, but it looks absolutely delicious. Judging by the recipe, I'm sure it's not a single serving size, so exactly how many portions should this be cut? One last question: have you tried making this with seasoned cooked ground beef or chicken?
Wear it and let others be envious. I keep a couple in my car for those rare occasions I take the T tops off, but mostly I use them instead of an umbrella if it's raining and I'm just walking from the car to inside the grocery store. It keeps the rain out of my face and makes it easier to manage grocery bags, car keys, etc. when I'm finished shopping. And if you're one of those people who look great in the right hat, even better! u/sexyunicorn7, just how close to Green Cove was this? I think I recognize that corner.
I went to school in the South. Sometimes the only good part of a bad day was going through the lunc line and chatting with the Lunch Ladies. They always had a little "love" to spread to their "school babies." Seems like on those bad days there'd be a little extra helping of something added to the lunch tray. I miss them, especially Miss Mable with her drawn on eyebrows.
Thank you! I was just coming here to post this. Unfortunately, this is seems to be an unfortunate habit that *direct links* to the recipe sources seem to be often omitted.
Daughter should be told grandma's self-esteem problems have skewed her outlook on the world. *"For some unknown reason--perhaps it's because how she was raised, Grandma was afraid her while she was a young woman to rock the boat by trying to be the best she can be as a human AND as a woman in whatever field interested her.* *"Some of it was from cultural pressures to subsume her needs &amp; desires. Some of it came from her family. Due to this need to submit to a backwards mindset, she's always been extremely uncomfortable and perhaps jealous when she sees what other women are accomplishing in their lives if they want it badly enough. In a way, she missed out going for the gold. Perhaps it's jealousy. Perhaps she's thinking holding women back from their earning potential is the right thing to do because SHE was held back and that a man's love and his ego are more important than her own self worth. While her words make us both angry with her, we need to understand how sad it is for someone to have a mindset like this. I feel sorry for her.* *Maybe someday we can make her see the error in her thinking, but for right now you need to understand it's often very hard for an older person to unlearn such an ingrained mindset. All that aside, it's VERY important to know what is most important in your life right now is how much YOU believe in yourself. YOUR aspirations, hopes, dreams, and plans for how you want to live your best life and be the best possible YOU should be uppermost in your mind. You're about to start on the path to an incredible life. Plan it around what you want out of life and your own expectations. Listen to your heart and mind. We've given you a good foundation to be who you want to be, and we'll be behind 100%. That's not to say we won't voice doubts now and then, but that's what parents do. We advise through our experiences. It's up to you to listen to the advice but MAKE YOUR OWN CHOICES.* *"Grandma is going to babble her daft nonsense. For right now, let her ignorance roll off your shoulders like water rolls off a duck's back. You've got this. We believe in YOU!"*
I'm envious! On rare occasions when I can find it in my local grocery store, they want an arm, &amp; a leg, and a kidney for 4 or 5 dried out, woody-looking stalks. I didn't know how good I had it as a kid to be able to walk out to my grandparents' ancient garden and cut off a few stalks.
*" Ahahahahaha, no. You should know better than that! Guess we should tell you now, MIL, the only 'surprise' to your surprise visits will be the look of suprise on your face when you're left standing on our front porch if you show up without giving us a call to see if we're up for company. Surprise visits tend to be frowned upon by most people, including me. I was raised to understand just showing up on someone's doorstep unannounced is just plain bad manners, no matter how close the relationship. So, ground rules are: call ahead to see if it's a good time for us, and if we tell you it's NOT, accept the answer without argument. We know you don't want to be one of those awful MILs people talk about. We're a young married couple. We like our privacy. While you may not agree, we know you'll be respectful of our request by calling to check first. Thanks for understanding."*
This looks delicious, Andreaspicture! I searched for &amp; found a very similar recipe for [Keto Key Lime Poke Cake](https://ketodietapp.com/Blog/lchf/keto-key-lime-poke-cake) since I wanted an extra bit of guidance in recreating this. The ingredients list is almost the same, although the blogger, Martina, adds whey protein for additional lift in the cake. She also provides optional substitutes for certain ingredients. I opted to provide the link rather than attempt to reformat the recipe for reddit. Thought there might be people like me who need the step-by-step photos, or want a nutritional breakdown per serving, etc.
Track down some sugar free chocolate sweetened with Stevia or Allulose. Or wander over to [I Breathe, I'm Hungry](https://www.ibreatheimhungry.com/recipes/) and take a look at her really great recipes you can snack on AND cure a craving without splitting the seat of your yoga pants. Take it from someone who has lost more weight than what I currently weigh. Fruit is lovely, but remember it's basically full of sugar--that's why it's sweet &amp; delicious, so consider it a dessert food and eat it in moderation.
She's still around and it sounds like she's making changes in very, very tiny increments. Any forward movement is still something. She's always reminded me of Winnie The Pooh's friend Eyore. Sweet, docile, afraid of making a fuss, but perpetually downcast and perhaps a bit obsequious. It can be difficult for those of us who are around people like this as we are constantly having to say "no, that's fine. You're not a bother." Because of our good nature, we feel the need to be boosting them up in some fashion. Unfortunately, the Eyore's of the world don't realize their constant need for positive reinforcement and assurances their presence in our lives is welcome eventually overwhelm even the best of us. Their needs overdraw our emotional reserves. It's almost like they are sweet &amp; kind to a fault, but completely clueless to their needs are akin to emotional vampirism.
The real question is can you stop at a dozen cherries? I love the darned things, especially the Bing or Rainier varieties, but they take a big chunk out of my daily carb allowance that could be put to more necessary things like a glass or two of wine. These people that I live with are "pluckin' my last nerve" as an ol' Southern Belle I once knew was fond of saying. Wine may not heal all things, but it danged sure makes things seem a whole lot better.
It one of the best primers/anti-chafe/skin protectors you can buy for under $10, and it lasts a long time since a little goes a long way. I use it in the fall &amp; winter on the back of my hands right after applying hand lotion, especially if I know I'll be outside for awhile. As a primer, it's fantastic. I have combination skin. I use it under Tarte Amazonian Full Coverage Clay Foundation. I top it off with setting powder, and I'm good for hours even with the sub-tropical hell that is summer in Florida. I do get some shine coming through towards midday, but my T-zone is ultra oily. It doesn't seem to aggravate my rosacea either.
Well, hullo dere, hon! I lived in Upper Marlboro eons ago. I remember the weather. There were times it was like living in a wet oven. A very still, wet oven. Good times. Sure don't miss that traffic!
Sometimes it's people who shouldn't be involved. Sometimes it the JustNo's spouse who enables the bad behavior. Flying Monkey is a reference to *The Wizard of Oz* and the Wicked Witch of the West who had flying monkeys do her evil bidding--stealing things, delivering messages, etc. JustNos like to call in friends &amp; family as reinforcements and backup to strongarm, bully, plead, guilt, control those of us who have decided to draw a line in the sand, and attempt to put a halt to their JustNo behavior.
LOL! In college, we called it "Hunch Punch." Somehow the "recipe" always managed to contain a huge can or two of Hawaiian Punch. That's some sticky stuff.
You might try this. Tell your MIL you understand she expresses her "love language" for her granddaughter in the form of gift giving. *"MIL, I think it's lovely you want to share that love by giving DD things, but we are becoming a bit overwhelmed, so I'm asking your help for an idea DH &amp; I are implementing. We think reading is so vitally important to a child's mastery of language. It stimulates their imagination and provides them with an expansive vocabulary which will certainly allow them a greater depth of vocubalry to express their thoughts &amp; feelings. *"We would like your love gifts to be books. Age appropriate books. We want you to help build DD a library and a love for reading everything. Bring her books about ALL sorts of subjects that might interest both boys and girls. Books she can share with her little friends with pride. 'My grandma gave me this book!'* *"Cheap toys break &amp; are thrown away. Quality books last a lifetime and can be passed down. I have an older friend who enjoyed her own grandmother's childhood books her Gran had passed on to her. They're inscribed inside the front cover with the date given. Some of them are from the turn of the 20th century! They're treasured &amp; loved, and bring my friend constant memories of her Gran. She's saving them for her own grandchildren some day.* *"DH &amp; I want to give DD the same opportunity to build her vocabulary and expand her imagination far beyond watching nonsense on TV. Let's build her a library. In fact, if you like, we'll let you pick out her first little bookshelf for her room! Let's do something great with your love language besides accumulating plastic junk. Let's give DD something that lasts forever. Good memories, and knowledge. What do you say?"*
I've had the same question. Over the weekend, I made [Keto Shortbread Sugar Cookies](https://www.reddit.com/r/ketorecipes/comments/fw1jp0/keto_shortbread_sugar_cookie/) using only Allulose. They turned out quite soft and fragile. Ended up making something akin to mini whoopie pies by frosting them together with the Vanilla Buttercream Frosting recipe I found on the Swerve site. Chucked the whole lot of them into my Dad's freezer so he has a quick after dinner dessert. He doesn't mind the cooling effect. On my drive home, I realized I should've added lime juice and zest to make them lime cooler whoopie pies. Next experiment will be mixing Lakanto Monkfruit Sweetener with Allulose to see if I can find a balance and achieve the texture I'm looking for without a noticeable cooling effect (I also get an unpleasant metallic aftertaste with Erythritol). The Erythritol should add crispness while the Allulose should keep the baked goods from completely drying out. Figuring out that ratio is the challenge.
There are many things you can say each time they try to take over parenting. Closed doors? *"I can't imagine there could be any sort of playing with the baby that requires a closed door. The baby is not a dolly to play 'house' with, and I'm not sure I like the idea that anyone needs to purposely decrease a baby's access to it's mother just so they can play with the baby. The door stays open. It helps ME decide if LO is tired, hungry, or simply overwhelmed by too much day. Whether or not you agree is unimportant at this point. Door, opened. End of discussion."* Inability to handle a crying baby can be hard for some women, but that doesn't give your MIL permission to interfere with trying to help an infant through the steps of learning. I know I'll make my husband mute some of the movies he watches if there's a baby crying in obvious distress for an extended length of time. It's that same weird bit of wiring that finds me catching myself doing the "Mommy rock" in a grocery store when I hear a really unhappy little baby. *"We are sleep training LO, and want help LO to learn how to self-soothe. As distressing as it may be for you to hear my baby's fussing, imagine how hard it is for ME, LO's mother, trying not to interfere as the baby is learning to develop this much needed skill. Yes, I understand that's not what you chose to do with DH. I'm sure there will be quite a few differences between how DH &amp; I choose to parent our baby and how you did 'back in your day.' However, in the end what it comes down to is LO is our baby. It's almost guaranteed our ways WILL be different from yours. As science learns more about the development of a baby's mind and body, WE learn do better as parents because that's our job. The constant digs at our parenting choices or criticisms couched as loving advice are unnecessary. We have it handled. If it bothers you so much, might I suggest putting headphones on and listening to some soothing music or perhaps an audiobook?"* Trying to just enjoy the magic of being a mom can be handled with, *"While I appreciate your offers to take off my hands LO, honestly, I'm more interested in everyone understanding I treasure these one-on-one times alone with my baby. I'm building my own memories of being a first time mom. Please don't take them away from me.* *"I don't WANT to go off to do something unnecessary just for the sake of someone else to have the opportunity take care of my baby. That's just silly! I didn't have a baby just to be bullied into handing LO off anytime someone else wants playtime. I get it that you want to play with LO. That's fine. Come play at LO's playtime. We have a routine. We keep to a schedule. These precious moments with my first baby to hold, rock, or just relax with LO are golden. Once they are gone, they're gone forever. I can't get them back. Please understand I want you to share in LO's life, but not at the expense of taking away these fleeting moments from a first time mother. It's unfair to both LO and to me as his/her mother. You've had the opportunity to enjoy them with your children/child, please allow me the time to enjoy them with mine."* Deliver all of these things with a patient &amp; understanding tone of voice. *"Aw, gee, thanks for the offer. You're really sweet, but maybe later. We're good for right now."* Give them no ammo to say you're rude, gatekeeping/babyhogging, or any of the other wild things a Me-Me-Me grandparent might accuse you of. You want no chance of them ever coming back saying you owe them anything because they "helped raise LO and were integral in your child's upbringing."
At the top of the comments section of every post on JustNo, you'll find several helpful links including the [Acronyms Index.](https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/wiki/index#wiki_acronym_dictionary) Yeah, it's like drinking from a firehouse the first few times you read through the posts, but it will come naturally to you after a few days--although, sometimes posters make up their own abbreviations that throw some of us for a loop. BTW, Welcome!
Today has been a "day" for me, so reading this truly gives me a much appreciated golden, glowing feeling of happiness knowing there are still good things going right in the world. ✨✨✨
Because in a matter of minutes, your eyes can go from red and irritated to darned near paper white. Visine doesn't come close to removing the red the way Lumify does. Since it makes such a startling difference in my eyes, and my eyes are my best feature, I think it's worth the price. It truly only takes one properly applied drop per eye to get results.
❤️❤️❤️
&gt; "come on, how bad could one more really be?" Don't listen to them. We did, and ended up with twins. You think you don't get much sleep that first year with a singleton? Try getting sleep around tag-teaming twins. Twins are an adventure, but so are hurricanes.
Given the chance, we'd probably do it all over again! Gluttons for punishment, I guess.
Or they're just a-holes who don't care that there are people around them who have to wake up at the buttcrack of dawn to go to work. Hope they pray hard the people who patch them up when they blow off a body part aren't the same ones they've kept up all night.
Instead of sending an anonymous letter, be forthright and honest about the situation. *"BIL, DH &amp; I care about you and want the best for you. Out of this care &amp; concern, we felt it was best to make you aware your mom told us of your HIV status during her last visit. While this is sobering news for us to hear, we are furious with her for revealing your personal health information without your permission. To make things even worse, she specifically asked us to LIE to you about having any knowledge of it if or when you chose to confide something so personal. Her behavior is repugnant. I truly want nothing more to do with someone so awful. We want to let you know we love you and will continue to support you in your continuing efforts to maintain your health. Please let us know how you are doing. DH &amp; OP."*
It's not paranoia when there are troublemaker trolls out &amp; about. It's nothing I've been able to catch happening in real time, but I keep getting this gut feeling there's a serial downvoter lurking about. It seems relatively innocuous comments receive downvotes.
"What she is, unfortunately for all of us, is an untreated alcoholic who is emotionally abusive especially when she's drunk. I don't *need* to do anything other than protect myself from her disfunctional, abusive behavior. She has been warned repeatedly that this abusiveness will no longer be tolerated. The mere fact she gave birth to me does not mean she is entitled to shit all over me any time she damned well feels like it. Not now, not ever. The idea that YOU feel one adult deserves to treat another adult with such disrespect merely because they are connected by family is repugnant. I'm disappointed in you. If you feel the need to tell someone what they *need* to do, I highly suggest you tell your MOTHER she needs to get help with her alcohol addiction and rethink her belief she is entitled to behave like a bitch on wheels without facing the consequences of her asinine behavior. Don't come at me ever again telling me I *need* to do anything when it concerns MY relationship with another individual, including our mother. You don't like the heat she's giving you about something HER BEHAVIOR has caused, then tell HER, not me. I'm done being a little meat shield between anyone and mom. Done."
Tell Rufus his Southern Ginger brother sends him his best regards. The cat with whom I live argues with me every night about where I'm allowed to put my feet on the bed. It's MY bed, Kitty! (At least that's what I thought when I bought it.)
Oh, I see you've met my kids. We have busy raccoons around the family cabin. My Dad hates them because they get into EVERYTHING that even looks like it might hold food. Honestly, he's surprised they haven't been able to figure out the combination lock on the garage shed. Says if they were taller and could reach the pedals, they'd hotwire his Polaris and go joyriding around the woods raiding the other cabins.
&gt;she’s going to come over and just complain and complain and complain and demand we go shop for furniture when she’s there. She doesn’t like our style and always has to point out that she doesn’t like it and always tries to push things SHE likes on us. Several different statements come to mind: "For someone who was so excited to see us and our new home, you sure are complaining a lot about it." "No, thank you. We do not want any furniture we haven't selected ourselves. Thank you, but no, you may not buy us furniture as a housewarming gift. You've pointed out to us on more than one occasion you don't care for our style, and frankly, I'm not about to put myself through having to justify my furniture and decorating choices for my own home. That's just flat out wrong for any woman to have to do." "Well, perhaps in your mind you're just trying to help, but when your offers have been politely refused over &amp; over again. I'm at a loss why you can't understand very simple words. I'm sorry you're having such a difficult time accepting 'No' as an answer, but it's the only answer you're going to get. To continually push what YOU want rather than gracefully accepting the fact that WE prefer to choose what WE want for our first home together and buy it when we're ready is bordering on rude." "I know you don't want to be considered one of *those* bossy, interfering MILs, do you? Of course not! So, while we can appreciate you have opinions on how YOU would decorate our home if it was yours, we have our own ideas we are implementing for OUR home. If you have to scratch a decorating itch, remember your own home awaits." "In the meantime, DH &amp; I will feather our own nest on our own schedule and to our own unique taste. Glad we've had this discussion with you now so we won't have to have it again in the future. The subject of furniture and the decorating of my home is officially closed."
It's the aroma of the freshly baked cookies, right? Angels sing, and the saints ply me with whispered sweet nothings just to get a few of my Browned Butter Kitchen Sink Cookies. ;)
Always remember: Your home, your rules. Never be afraid of asserting yourself when you need to. Just because someone happens to be older than you, or related to you in some way, it doesn't grant them ownership of your life.
There was a QoH already established as a JNMIL from a few years back. I can find posts around 2015 with that nickname, but I can't open them to see who the OP was. Also--sending you good luck vibes for your family. Fingers crossed for the treatments to progress successfully.
If you can, contact the other family members who are invited with a message something like: "With all the gloomy news in the world, we wanted to share our bit bright news. FH &amp; I are expecting a baby! We are surprised and over the moon! In light of the uptick of CoVid-19 cases, our obstetrician has strongly recommended our wedding guests give us an early baby gift of maintaining baby's health: for the two weeks leading up to our ceremony, please wear a mask while you're out and about, and avoid any large gatherings. "Yes, we realize this will require a bit of effort on the part of our guests, but along with our doctor, we feel our baby deserves to be kept as healthy as possible. Unfortunately, there are family members who have chosen to act as a gatekeeper between the soon-to-be three of us and our wedding guests. These family members refuse to follow these minor safety precautions for our baby. They have informed us *they* have have complete control over whether *they will allow you* to attend our wedding celebration." "As much as we know no one has right to control your behavior or what functions you attend, we hope you will grant us this minor request of wearing a mask while you're in public areas like stores or medical complexes, and avoid large gatherings during the two weeks leading up to the wedding. If you feel our request will require too much effort, please let us know. We will make sure you're on the email list we will set up so you can receive a few photos of our special day. Please know you will be missed! Hope to see each and every one of you on [date of wedding]! All our best, FH, OP, &amp; Baby makes THREE!"
LOL! I had to double check what my flair was. The mind is the first to go. Thank you! After the day I've had today, drink laughing sounds like a thing I'd like to do!
I will attest to the Venus suits being well made. I've been a Venus customer for years, back when they only went to DD cups. Once I discovered they finally saw the light of carrying a larger range of sizes, I've been scooping up suit tops during their winter closeout and spring clearnace sales. $8 for a 32G top that doesn't cut into the back of my neck, keeps me corralled, and that actually looks like a bikini is a steal! Being able to mix and match super-on-sale patterned tops with their assorted solid color bottoms is a bonus. Sometimes it takes some digging around on their website, but if you're not too particular about patterns, check their Clearance pages first. I live in Florida, so I have quite a few swim suits, enough to have a dedicated swimsuit drawer-- and it's mainly full of Venus mix &amp; match suits. The colors don't fade, the fabric is pretty darned sturdy, and the elastic lasts.
Practice giving a soft, gentle almost pitying smile along with phrases like "Ah, that's a subject for a different time," or "Let's be gentle with ourselves by keeping our focus on here &amp; now, and grandma." "Let's not fret about the past right now. That can be discussed at a less stressful time if need be." "Ah, thank you for wanting to have a discussion, but I'm not feeling receptive at the moment. It's best we focus on today &amp; Grandma." "I can see you're eager to have a deep conversation right now, but I don't think I have any constructive input and that wouldn't be fair to you. Perhaps we'll talk later, but right now, no." "When we know better, we do better. So, let's save this conversation for another time that's better for all involved."
It is going to be ok. YOU are going to be ok. Keep reminding yourself you took back your power by setting up strong boundaries in your relationship with Linduhh AND maintaining those boundaries in spite of all her nonsense. She can natter and fuss all she wants but she cannot *make* you do anything. Bless her poor heart, her poor [missing missing reasons](http://www.issendai.com/psychology/estrangement/missing-missing-reasons.html) "I just don't understand/What have I done wrong" heart. Don't beat yourself up with worry over the soap opera dramatics she may instigate. It's okay. Go to the funeral knowing her circuit board is fried. She can't compute. Linduhh is a broken toy. She's a rainsoaked Chatty Cathy that will keep repeating the same garbled nonsense. All those phone calls, the emails, the text messages, the flying monkeys, ALL of them over the years are the only evidence you need to prove she is incapable of really and truly understanding how her behavior over the years set the wheels in motion. To her, it's inconceivable that there has ever been anything wrong with the outpouring of her version of "love" from her smothering heart. Maintain your distance, but if you get stuck in close quarters remember she's a broken pitiable person, and you're still standing. Your relationship with your husband is still solid. I hate to think of as a contest, but in a way it *was* a contest of the wills and of love. As long as you &amp; your DH keep your own relationship pure, honest, open, supportive and loving, you'll win. You'll always win.
Does anyone know whether it will tell me why my most recent "3 day delivery guaranteed" First Class package that was mailed IN STATE (Florida) on the 15th was sent all the way to White Plains, NY, and now has been sitting somewhere in New Jersey for the last five days? If so, I'll sign up immediately! I know it's a First World problem, and I feel like such a Karen to complain, but with package thieves out &amp; about, it's aggravating not being able to plan for a package arrival. I understand shipping has slowed down all over the country due to the pandemic, but the USPS has ventured into PitneyBowes territory with accurate package delivery being anyone's guess.
Oh, gosh! What great information to have! Thank you for responding. :)
"Mom, I'm going to offer one last time to drop by to say 'good-bye' before I deploy. Telling me you will not see me without the presence of my children is a non-starter. You've been told repeatedly the simple things that need to occur before we can let that happen. Trying to use my own children as a bargain chip is emotional blackmail. *I won't see you unless you bring your children.* You know what, that's worse than blackmail. Hell, Mom, it's emotional terrorism. You know what? There's something you need to realize about me and Bon_qui_qui5. We don't negotiate with terrorists. So, last chance. Would YOU like to see ME before I deploy?" If the answer is no, then tell her "Well, if that's you final answer, I'm damned sure not going to grovel to see you. It's not worth losing my self-respect. Please understand I will now request Bon_qui_qui5 keep ALL information about my whereabouts, my movements, or any other status reports about me entirely to herself. If you can't be bothered to meet me to wish me farewell, I see absolutely no need to keep you abreast of my status. It's OPSEC, and you certainly have no need to know. Stay healthy, mom. I wish you the best."
I think they made a movie with a similiar plotline: *The Manchurian Candidate.* I had a hard time wrapping my head around the fact "Jessica Fletcher/Miss Price" could be such an awful domineering mother sort of person.
That *was* a fun post to read, and I appreciated the effort that OP took to share the cookbook!
I think HP Sauce tastes similar to A-1 Steak Sauce, but with a bit more tang.
Your therapist has basically told you you're banging your head against a wall expecting someone with her mis-wired thinking to ever understand she is the source of her own problems. If your husband is up for a few days of stress due to an another unproductive squabble you both *know* will light off if he says "Darling Wife doesn't feel welcome in your home..." AND he thinks she will finally "get it," then good luck to him. Who knows. Stranger miracles have happened. It might be better for your DH to buy a little time by simply telling his parents, "With DW's stage of pregnancy, and all other things considered including the recent uptick of reported CoVid cases as the states reopen, it was wisest for her to remain at home. If you want to reach out to check on her, a video call is as close as your phone." Yes, it absolutely IS delaying the inevitable; however, the extra time is valuable, especially if you can touch base with your counselor to formulate different plans of action &amp; response when she is told her behavior MUST change if she wants something more than a distant relationship with your growing family. "Mom, your behavior IS unpleasant. You have the unfortunate habit of criticizing every member of the family behind their backs. You insult others under the guise of just sharing your opinion. You've even insulted DW about her own mother. You bulldoze YOUR wants, YOUR desires on others without understanding *it's not all about YOU.* Maybe you don't realize you do these things on the regular, or maybe you think you're entitled to having everything your own way, but just because that's the way you're used to behaving does NOT mean it's an acceptable way of behavior. It's not acceptable. Honestly, it never has been. "It's unfortunate that no one has ever had the presence of mind to call you out when you blatantly disregard the feelings of others. It's rude, unpleasant behavior. I don't have to put up with it. DW shouldn't have to, and I darned sure don't want my child growing up thinking ANYONE'S rude behavior is acceptable just because they happen to be related. "You gave birth to me. You &amp; Dad raised me to adulthood while giving me the good footing to be a functioning adult, to make my own choices in life for what's best for me as an adult. Your job of parenting is complete. The need for complete control over me and my life stopped years ago. You can want to direct &amp; demand all you want, but you're going to find yourself mightily disappointed. "Mom, I'm an adult. I have a career. I have a wife I love beyond all things. I provide for my wife. I provide for my growing family. I will go through hell and back to protect my wife and child from ANYONE who thinks they are entitled to run roughshod over what my wife &amp; I feel is best for US." "You have a choice. The consequences of your choice will be entirely on YOUR shoulders. You can learn to politely accept refusals from me &amp; DW without guilting tactics, or emotional manipulation. You will understand when a boundary is put in place, it will be enforced. Frankly, I don't care whether that boundary upsets you because it means you can't have your way, or you can't fathom the reason for it. The point is the boundary exists. It will be respected by everyone, including YOU. "I love you, mom, but loving you does not mean you're entitled to control my adult life. Behavior has consequences. Life is too damned short to endure obnoxious, rude, bullying behavior, even from a parent. I'm not going to put up with it. I won't ask my wife to put up with it. I won't have my child exposed to it. If you are unwilling to be introspective about your own behavior then be prepared to be kept on the sidelines of my life."
As good as that little bit of petty payback might feel, it's skirting hard on the edge of the JustNo behavior we'd condemn a JustNoMil for doing. I'd make a beautiful dinner, have the kitchen spotless except for the dinner &amp; serving dishes because, damn, OP, you're talented AND organized, and THEN during dinner you could mention to MIL that if you're going to be left to your own devices like this everytime you &amp; DH visit, you're either going to have to rent a car, or you &amp; DH need to rethink about visiting altogether. "I guess it's a good thing you &amp; FIL don't have some hidden, secret lifestyle and that I'm not a bored Nosy Nancy who'd go poking about the house trying to find something to amuse myself. No telling *what* sort of hijinx a person like might discover. MIL, I hope were you able to get all that important paperwork completed. Hopefully, the next time we visit you'll be able to spend a bit more time with us, otherwise we're going to have to reconsider the feasibility of making 8 hour round trips only to be able to spend a few hours here and there with you &amp; FIL and limit visits to the holidays instead."
"Thank you, mom, for understanding my life is not for you to live, nor is my life yours to pass judgment on. While I'm not sure why you felt it necessary to give a grown adult permission to make make his own decisions where he and his wife live, or the career paths THEY choose to take, thank you for finally seeing exactly to whom those decisions belong. "I get it that your life didn't go in the direction you had dreamed, but my wife &amp; I are not going to live our lives scared to make a few leaps of faith. WE aren't planning on settling. If you can't accept the decisions and direction DW &amp; I plan on taking our lives, then perhaps it really is best for all involved for you to take a step back to reflect on what is most important here: DW &amp; I living our lives and making decisions WE feel are right for us, or you trying to control the direction DW &amp; I take our lives because you're still living with constant regret over the fact you were afraid to make changes for yourself. When you're willing to be a part of our life again, please reach out to us. Until then, be well, and know you are loved."
She did say that she booted MIL from access to her Instagram account, too, because why not! Insta gives people a heads up when that happens. If that's true about notifications, well horrors! Imagine MIL's surprise upon finding she can't view that Instagram account. Then she wanders over to give FB a look only to discover her fussybutt bluff had been called across all social media. Adios, Felicia! OP obediently gave her exactly what she was asked. Clever girl.
The petty part of me says to remember the "only blood gets to..." remark, especially when it comes to who gets to be in labor &amp; delivery if you have a child, who gets to babysit, pick a child's name, or anything else that could possibly be construed as a "tradition." As much as I know this must feel like a slap in the face, MIL's true feelings about you being the outsider in the family have come to light before you've even said "I Do." As others have suggested, find a dress that suits YOU and make it one that takes FH's breath away when he sees you walking toward him. Etsy has *so many dresses,* and many that you could probably have delivered to you in a matter of weeks. Honestly, if I had gotten myself trapped into wearing a dress that had been passed down over the generations, I would've spent more of my wedding day fretting over making sure I didn't trip &amp; rip the dress, or spill something all over it to have it ruined forever instead of concentrating on what was supposed to be one of the key days of my life.
For this one you'll need a cardboard shoe box with lid, a single square of toilet tissue, a lipstick, a Post-It note, tape, a sharp bladed utility knife, a step stool or chair, and 2 small bags of marbles. If you have wire shelving in your closet, you'll also need a simple sheet of paper. Make an **accurate and thorough count of marbles.** Write that number down and save it. Clear a space on a shelf in your closet to fit the shoe box. Make the a space obvious--right in her face/above her head if MIL opens your closet. Now, make *another space* large enough to place a stack of folded clothing. It's important to have this second space. At the bottom of the shoebox about 2" from the end of the box, cut a 3"x 3" square (or roughly 10cm x10cm for you non-Yanks) from the bottom of the box. It can be a little bigger, but no larger than the square of tissue, and definitely NOT SMALLER than 3" x 3". You'll understand why in a minute. Heavily apply lipstick to your lips. Kiss the center of the tissue leaving behind a lovely imprint of your lips. Inside the box, center the square of tissue over the hole you've just cut. It doesn't matter if the lipprint is face up or down. Tape each corner of tissue to bottom of box. VERY carefully make about a 1/2" cut in the center of the tissue. Doesn't have to go all the way through. You just want to disturb the integrity of the square. If you have wire shelving, place that sheet of paper on the shelf. Place box on shelf. The tissue covered hole end will face out. Align edge of box with edge of shelf. Climb up on stepstool with marbles and carefully fill box with all the marbles. Secure lid to box with a strip or two of tape. On Post-It Note, boldly write *"PRIVATE. (Love Notes)/Toys From DH"* and the years you &amp; your DH were dating. Because Post-Its don't always stay stuck, tape the note to the front of the box. Take a photo of the box AND of the large empty space further down on the shelf. If MIL is enough of a snoopypants to read your private correspondence, she'll pull the box off the shelf in a heartbeat. As she does, the marbles will shift inside the box and roll towards the hole tearing the tissue as they plummet to the ground bouncing all over and startling the pee out of her. Even if she manages to collect all the marbles and return them to the box, the tissue is damaged beyond repair. Make sure your home is "squared away" as we say in my military family. Leave nothing adrift. No reason to open a drawer, or dig through a box. Leave a pad of paper and a pen on the counter for her convenience. Give her no excuse to tell your DH she was "just looking for...trying to make room, trying to help out by putting away your laundry, clothing..." There already WAS an open space! And no, the cats didn't do it.
WAY far out, and it gives each kid their own window! One of mine would periodically have a melt down because "someone" was looking out of "their" window. Those were the times during long car trips I'd apologize to my husband and say "I swear! They seemed like such a good idea at the time!" We have been blessed as a family, and I'd go through the hyperemesis all over again (I think), but yeah, there were times when I thought I'd lose my damned mind because someone was looking out the wrong window, or touching someone else...or *threatening* to touch. You know, the "I'm not touching you" very close finger wave? Yeah. That one.
"It's satisfactory. It's not oversized, nor showy. It's just a regular home in a standard planned neighborhood like hundreds of other similar homes. Nothing to get your hackles up over, nor be jealous. Now that we have that settled, I'm going to ask you not to ask me about FIL. If you have questions about your Ex, you can either direct your questions straight to him, or you can ask DH about his father, but I'm not comfortable being drilled for info. It's quite off-putting. Arguing with me about it won't change how I feel, so please don't start." Any future questions other than "How's FIL?" that you can answer with "He's fine/He has a cold," etcetera, are answered with "I don't know," or "I couldn't say," or something equally vague. Refuse to play along with her little spy games.
No way! Well, not unless OP wants to live with glitter all over her clothes forever and ever. Why punish herself? MIL is punishment enough.
Well, if you could capture the moment on video, and make it that ultra fine glitter dust...
Along with all the other advice already given about muting FB posts and unfollowing, don't forget FB has settings that give you tagging approval. While it doesn't stop people from tagging you, it allows you to approve &amp; allow the tag, or keep tagged items from automatically appearing in your feed. Since FB is a jerkface and you can’t completely stop the tagging, I think you might still be able do the next best thing: control who sees the posts you’re tagged in, even when it is already posted on your Timeline. To control who can see your tagged photos and videos, go to the *Privacy Settings* page, scroll down to *Timeline and Tagging* then select *Who can see posts.* Set it to *Only Me* (or *Private*--I can't remember exactly, but you get my drift). FB does a fantastic job of making it as difficult as possible to limit who has access to our accounts. I so wish there was an *"Allow No One to Follow Me"* option, and *"No One But Me"* option for EVERYTHING rather than just a few things here &amp; there, along with *"Do Not Show My Account When Searched"* option. Creepers are gonna creep.
Ah, but see, if she is wildly off on her time estimates, you've got hard evidence to lay in front of her to say "Look, Maude, according to this DH spends most of his time with you, FIL, and family, so don't whine to me about being fair..."
It was locked, and now it seems to have been removed. Don't see a mod message as to why.
