I'm pretty sure at one point UW's defense was top-2 in CFB, not Pac-12. Definitely not to end the season though.
This
Nope. Rose Bowl will ALWAYS be at 2pm.
After doing DCI and having many friends who marched cymbals in DCI, can confirm
Come west my friend. Literally everything is better on this coast.
Yeah but how are the conditions in Breckenridge right now?
Not to mention UGA had to perfectly execute the quick out play and get a timeout called in under 6 seconds. A lot of teams don't make that play or fail to stop the clock before 0:00 there.
I was lucky enough to have it snow 9 inches the night before the one day I skied at Snowmass last year. That was a fantastic bluebird powder day, but I got lucky.
You're scaring me pulling that bumper over the curb stop like that. Back in to parking spots instead :).
You asked a lot of questions, but the only one I can answer is: &gt; Is the B58 engine really that much better than n55? N55 is a fantastic engine, but yes the B58 is even better.
I still think with a clear top 3 and no clear 4th team they should have just given it to UCF. IDGAF that Bama is one of the four *best* teams (they absolutely are) and I know the committee's job is to pick the 4 best and not 4 deserving but I'm gonna bitch anyways because UCF deserved it and Bama did not. I also hate the Patriots.
&gt; You beat the SEC teams in the game before the championship Auburn tried. It didn't work.
CDN was a bad term to use. What I meant to say was that ESPN is still producing and distributing the feed to distributers like YouTube TV. So even if YouTube's distribution infra is better than ESPN's, you still have to deal with ESPN's infra when it comes to distributing the feed to distributers like YouTube TV. I really need to find a better word than "Distribute*" ugh.
See my other reply but CDN was the wrong term. Even when using Vue or something it's not like Sony is producing the game, they're just distributing it. So if the feed IN to them is shitty, they can't do much with it when distributing it.
IMO (and this is of course subjective) team X does not deserve to get in to the playoff over team Y just because team X would probably beat team Y on a neutral field going by the eye test. That sets a dangerous precedent for everyone to schedule cupcakes and have 8 team conference schedules and that's horrible for the future of the sport. So I think you have to "prove" you deserve it and you do that by scheduling tough, playing tough, and proving you deserve to get into the playoff based on your resume, not based on the eye test.
Why do people complain about "omg CROSS COUNTRY" and 3 hour time difference? This isn't LAX-Singapore, it's a 4.5 hour flight and three time zones that people do every single day. Not a big deal.
The leasing question is still legitimate. Would you be ok with spending 40k it means you have nothing to show for it after three years, or are you expecting some sort of depreciating asset in your name?
YES
Where did I say UCF would go undefeated with Bama's schedule? I highly doubt they would and yeah Bama probably would have gone undefeated in the AAC. So what?
Right, my point is there are two parts to WatchESPN. The production of that feed and its distribution to various CDNs (Vue, YouTubeTV, and it's own internal CDN), and then it's own internal CDN which is what distributes the feed to people using WatchESPN. My point is the first part is still used if you're using YouTubeTV or something, you're only skipping the second part. So if the first part is the bottleneck (which doesn't seem to be the case here), using YouTubeTV doesn't solve anything. Luckily, the second part seems to be the bottleneck.
If it was so easy to go undefeated against a week schedule more than one team would have done it.
thank god
Well... I didn't see \#1 coming
I don't think he'd do well in the Pac12.
Don't worry, next year it's in fucking Santa Clara, CA.
I think he considers that one as after the 2018 season, even though it's technically in 2019.
Uh... it was 70 here like 2 weeks ago
Because he's a USC quarterback. And that is what the media does, butter up USC quarterbacks.
Auburn confirmed to go 3-9 in 2018.
Didn't this happen weeks ago and Helfrich turned it down because he wanted to be a HC?
Let me guess, was he previously described as a gym rat?
I'm so excited, even though DTR is likely redshirting next year
Is it bad that I'm more upset about losing all that land in the imperialism map than I am about losing to freaking Stanford in basketball?
The type of viewers that TV executives care about are exactly the viewers you're describing.
Who besides Clemson in the ACC is about to hit their stride?
Definitely 437M.
Southwest is your friend. Amtrak would take a week lol.
I'm sorry for your loss. The current 3 series (F30) is kind of outdated and towards the end of it's generation. I'd look at the new G30 5 series, its brand new and top of the line in terms of luxury and comfort in 4 doors, while remaining crazy powerful.
UCF is the first, winner of tonight is the second.
SPLIT NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST FOLKS GO DAWGS
Or the guy on twitter who had $23,000 on Georgia to win the title.
Everything east of the Rockies feels like it's within driving distance to me
Also on ABC
http://www.bimmerfest.com/forums/showthread.php?t=964919
Hmm my min spend points for the last month show up, but no welcome bonus points.
Perhaps, I wasn't aware that was a thing. Regardless, I'm well before the 115-day window so it sounds like I might have to wait until February's statement?
They're both the N55 but the N55 in the M235 is tuned to more HP and torque than the N55 in the 335. Something like 320HP vs 300HP. It's the same with the B58. The B58 in the M240 has 335HP but the B58 in the 340 has 320HP.
Any idea when if ever we can expect some signup bonuses back on Citi TY cards? I have plenty of Amex and Chase cards but I haven't ventured into Citi yet. I don't check this sub nearly as often as I used to, surprised to see all three TY cards have no signup bonus, looks like it's been like this since September.
Much respect to Okalhoma's schedule next year. 9 conference games (hear that, SEC/ACC?), FAU, UCLA, Army. Damn.
Huh?
If Fisch goes back to Michigan I might honestly change my second flair to Michigan.
exactly this
Is Stanford... good?
Yep, my Aggie friend hit the nail on the head. Don't expect any sort of halftime adjustments or game planning based on the defense's weaknesses. Wanna know how A&amp;M lost a 34 point lead in the 4th to UCLA? Mazzone's play calling was a big part of it.!
Never been to UW. It's my second flair because my work buddy is a huge UW fan and I've been to a bunch of UW *away* games in the last 2 years (Utah, USC, Stanford, Cal).
iDrive 4.0 comes to mind
Tey wyzant
Mazzone? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Remember Brett Hundley? Mazzone was his OC. Also Brock Oisweiler at ASU.
How is he a better fit than Modster or Matt Lynch?
From what I'm reading from Husky fans in this thread it doesn't sound like KJ is much of a threat to keep the ball and run either.
Emotional support animals are not the same as service animals. ESAs require no training.
First part true, second part false
It is not a factory or port-installed option.
Sounds like Jim Mora
Like I said, it's a dealer installed option. Not factory or PIA.
Yes, I never said otherwise. I only said that it is not a factory or port-installed option. That's it. Never said anything about it not being a valid DIA.
That example doesn't make any sense. If the service provided is emotional support, then it's not a service animal.
Same with Mora. What a life.
The Fair Employment and Housing Act only says that a landlord must make reasonable accommodations. Not charging for a dog in a pet-friendly complex is a reasonable accommodation. I'm not sure that a horse in a 700 sq ft apartment is :).
All business cards count as a HP towards your personal credit report, but not all business card accounts count as an opened credit account on your personal credit report, right?
Barclay will combine HPs right? Any advice on what second Barclaycard to go for? I was looking at the Lufthansa card but no one really talks about LH around here.
cool, thanks!
Meanwhile the equivalent car fleet for the city of San Jose is a bunch of hydrogen powered cars. Typical Silicon Valley.
This is very normal. Production of the 2015 model year probably started in late June. My M240 was built the very last week of MY2017 production at the Leipzig plant, and that was June 23rd 2017.
Yeah people laugh but black seats are so boring I'll consider an M2 once red is an option.
Thinking about getting into Barclays. Over 6/24 so Arrival+ is out. Thinking about doing Aviator for 60k AA and Lufthansa for 50k LH miles, will these combine into one HP?
got it, thanks for the DP!
You must be new here
No chance
What took you so long?
you're going to want to start browsing the ordering section of f87.bimmerpost.com
Welp, on to the next OC/QB coach candidate Chip!
What's a "dealership warranty"? Do you mean factory warranty? If so, in the states you've got 4 years, 50000 mi anyways so this car would still be covered. Not sure what the factory warranty is in Canada.
[This picture](https://i.imgur.com/jxTTQk5.jpg) of my M240 on my ED is just east of Wattens on the A12. Thought it looked like the same place :).
I have a blue/red manual coming off lease in 2.5 years if you're still interested.
Send a email or call one of the local tv channels' investigative units. The NBC Bay Area one especially is really good about replying to stuff like this and getting officials to take action.
&gt; 2 teams from the SEC in the playoff again Please no
If you like the size of your E46 the 2 series is a much closer comparison than the 4 FYI
Maybe a e39 525i is a better idea...
We have lots of people at my company who live abroad and come into work maybe 4-6 times per year.
Are you getting another BMW? They literally will not even look at the car if you're turning around and buying/leasing another question from them.
I'm genuinely curious to hear which game went 6 hours since the latest kickoff is 8pm PT :).
&gt; It's not like any of our schools did something like... invent the Internet. FTFY
this comment only works because you replied to an ND fan
This, basically
It doesn't matter what the internet says the MF and residual are (well residual yes but that's besides the point), what is the dealer telling you the MF is? What's the sale price of each car and the MSRP? You need to know all these things before you can determine if it's a good deal or not. Comparing monthly payments only is a common way of walking out thinking you got a great deal while the salesman is laughing behind you.
This thread is about PxP guys
hopefully it has three pedals :)
1-800-FLOWERS Rose Bowl
How often do you actually need a space? A can of fix-a-flat, and air compressor, and a AAA membership is the way to go IMO.
Because IT is not remotely the same as software engineering?
That's not the point. Tech support is not R&amp;D. That's like saying "You went to Law School, go be a legal secretary.
I don't see why the size of the company matters here. We're talking about a team-level distribution, no?
I'm with you, wouldn't this technically affect recruiting?
Hmm weird, the rear diffuser is a dead giveaway on a 335is
The front quarter panels are a euro thing, US spec cars don't have that option. My M240i has 17 M badges from the factory exterior+interior so that's where the sarcasm was coming from.
Still sounds like a logistical pain
Politicians pass laws all the time saying "oh don't worry, it won't affect X". Surprise, it often affects X.
See now I want this to happen, just for the JR Smith memes.
Living somewhere that doesn't agree with discrimination sounds like hell?
Don't worry I don't think our basketball program will be welcome in China anytime soon
Who said this law promotes unity?
I love how the AP article doesn't even try to give a single reason for this. They have no idea either.
20 &gt; 11. I don't see the issue here.
Can you live with wildly underachieving?
this is fantastic
Wow the rear doesn't look like a BMW at all
U.S., 2017. Are you thinking of xDrive models, which are only available in the U.S. market with 8AT?
M235i &gt; M5 any day. Your car is way more nimble and sporty.
So? There's a reason these games are advertised as eastern time, it's standardized.
GF really wants to see Mean Girls. I'm just happy not to have to think of another birthday gift idea :).
I don't mind being close to Times Square as long as I can walk to/from subway without going through the heart of the crowds.
None of those games are against the SEC, which is what his point was. And the 2019 natty is at Levi's Stadium, not the Rose Bowl.
Trust in Chip
Exactly. Chip knows exactly what he's doing. And I for one, am tired of consistent top 10 recruiting classes that lead to 6-6 seasons. So I have no problem with focusing on the field and letting recruiting take care of itself.
Or us...
Jack you're making it too easy for us come on...
Early betting favorite... for 2nd, right?
haha yeah suck it SC, we run LA* **LA does not include all areas within 10 miles of the ocean*
I have the CP now and somehow never even thought about how I could effectively transfer UR 1:2 to WN with a CP.
Do you understand how ABC makes money?
There's nothing wrong with using a car as motivation, plenty of us have done that.
And Chicago isn't?
"It's a Tide Bowl"
I keep forgetting not everyone has legal weed like we do... must be said legal weed
Can confirm. Learned my lesson from handshakegate with hecandoabsolutelynowronghowdareyousuggestotherwisebillsnyder
US market or somewhere else? In the US market there is no M540.
All the UCLA fans I know respect and fear the shit out of Utah
To be fair, most "normal people" don't know anything or give a damn about college football, at least here in CA.
then we have the best timezone for college football and it isn't even debateable
&gt; Stop putting good games on Friday nights, use a ton of day games Neither of these are in control of the conference until the next round of TV negotiations come up next decade.
Yes they do.... at the next round of TV negotiations.
Nothing/Everything. Trust in Chip.
Looking forward to Chip not taking his foot off the gas, will be refreshing to have a non-conservative coach.
whoosh
Half those haters are from your own fanbase :)
Not just Darnold, but USC's talent overall.
Reading comprehension, please. &gt; This is not simply a list of coaches ranked by accomplishment or wins. While those aspects are important, it doesn't provide a complete picture of how successful coaches are. Winning 10 games at Oregon is different than winning 10 games at Oregon State. Now do you understand why he is at 6?
PAWWWWWWWWWWWWWL
For schools like Alabama and Clemson, absolutely. How many people outside of the south would know about either school if not for CFB? I certainly would not.
most USC quarterbacks
I'm flattered OP
what the ****
That is a sweet beard
Looks cool but without the Orange it just doesn't feel BMW to me :/
I live literally blocks from my office, which works out because I can use the gym but come back after dinner when it's empty as opposed to right after work when it's packed.
M2 carbon fiber trim instead of the M240 carbon fiber / alcantara m performance trim? Good choice :).
I assume you mean M40i aka B58 engine, not N55?
I show them the first play of the 2013 Fiesta Bowl between Kansas State and Oregon
Does that make Chip Kelly your little brother's new friend who is older than you?
Right around SCU huh?
In that case allow me to piggyback on your ask about job opportunities at the MV tech office :).
fucking lol... I knew something was off the minute you said "but now DCT is so good".
&gt; Wisconsin loses to UCLA (who loses to Oklahoma and Fresno State at the beginning of the season but wins the Pac-12) I'm in
But aside from CBS the other networks don't have SEC rights
Monte Carlo Blue?
ACC is by far the worst. Atlantic and Coastal is the same damn thing, it's the Atlantic coast!
880/101 interchange is my vote for most dangerously designed freeway interchange
Except when the extra lanes merge back in to the old section causing the new section to always be backed up because of the merge.
Fresno State should be way higher, and ASU should be way lower.
You know Iran's coach used to be Ronaldo's coach right?
anyone have a video of that almost goal for Iran in the 94th minute? Right after the PK goal.
If there was some awesome Thursday or Friday matchup within an hour flight or so of their Saturday gameday show I could see them doing a back-to-back. But it'd be postseason style Gameday which is basically a glorified 2-hour kickoff show in the evening, not 6am like normal.
BOO to those 6 P5 teams who don't play *a single* P5 OOC team. Shame on you.
Mind sharing the details of it? Looks like a really clean install.
FYI the M3/4 also come with chrome grill surround stock. No different than the M2 (non-CS) in that regard.
My favorite has to be the FSU bars in NYC. So many hotties...
I mean the first and easiest qualifier is whether you want a low or high seating position. Second would probably be 2 vs 4 doors.
The only factory option is a chrome grill for the F80. The M performance black grills are a very common port or dealer installed accessory, but they are NOT a factory option.
Have you seen sakhir orange in person or only in pictures? Just like coral red, it's way way way more subtle in person than in pictures.
I didn't say it's subtle. I said that it's more subtle than it appears in pictures because in pictures its absurdly bright which is not realistic at all.
To each his own. I have coral red interior on my M240 and I think it's really subdued compared to basically any picture of it on the internet.
Thanks Dad
I paid $14. They were as low as $6 today.
Eh, I don't think distance from the two fan bases had anything to do with it.
The most noise I made the whole game was booing Larry Scott when Petros introduced him during the trophy presentation.
The most noise us 20k people there made was to boo Larry Scott when Petros introduced him during the trophy presentation.
That's fair
I'm terrible at estimating crowds, but I'd say maybe 20k?
The family in front of me had two little Ute kids. I just assumed it’s a cultural thing.
And that was against a godawful 6-6 UCLA team
$600? Dude, Southwest. Or Alaska.
I genuinely don’t understand how anyone can think Georgia still deserves to be in? They literally had a “win and your in” game and they lost. On the field. In a football game. They lost. They have two losses.
They deserve it over any 3 loss team
Bonus map’s granularity is country, not county
Such bullshit. Larry is to blame.
Behind three 3-loss teams...
Yes, 12 is the cutoff to be eligible for a NY6 slot
SoR is a continuous feedback loop though. Ranked high preseason -&gt; inflate ranking of conference opponents for playing you -&gt; inflate your ranking for playing them
And Michigan’s 2nd best win? They lost to the two best teams they played.
Florida and LSU. They have three losses.
Not an error, but “OK? SECOND DOWN AND NINE!” is fantastic
“Hello everyone. Along with my partner Brent Musburger, I’m Kirk Herbstreit” - Brent Musburger
More like 15k if we’re talking about butts in the seats.
No worries, they’re playing the sharks this week our defense will fix that right uo
Only for the Big12
You're right they shouldn't have, but that has literally nothing to do with the SEC Sor feedback loop. So not sure what your point is.
How did they go from unranked to ranked? By beating SEC teams that were ranked preseason. Hence my point.
Agreed
It's still your best win I agree, but Penn State should not be #12...
I hate those things so much. They *literally* copy-pasted over and over down Tasman
But everyone was telling me Chip kelly couldn’t recruit!
Everyone does
Good, they finally fixed the final week bullshit so USC has a bye while Stanford plays Notre Dame. As it should be.
There is an extra week between Labor Day and Thanksgiving
Eh, I’m ok with it. Playing @Wazzu in September and not November is a huge plus.
no thanks
So is UCLA's 2018 OOC
We played 2 Friday games this year
Southwest is your friend here
Bur why should Arizona/ASU have to move their rivalry game off of rivalry weekend just to appease USC/Stanford? That makes no sense.
Ah yes, our annual reminder that FUCK NOTRE DAME
bounce house baby
He just started building a house out here. I take that as some form of commitment.
Then play your OOC games weeks 1-3 like the rest of us :).
Why couldn't it be a new bowl? If any city can handle more than 1 bowl's worth of visitors it's Las Vegas
lol. Joshua Kelly gets first team All-Pac12 from Pro Football Focus College, but doesn't even get second team from the conference itself. Ok.
Sorry how do you claim to know this? Are you on the 247 forums? Because our insiders on the 247 sites have unequivocally said the opposite of what you are saying now.
Ok? Sorry it's not a perfect situation where the airport is in the parking lot of the stadium and there isn't a Manhattan-like nightlife on the other side of the parking lot.
You're moving the goalposts. You said Florida has multiple better wins than Wazzu, that's what I replied to. FCS teams have nothing to do with it. So sticking with the topic at hand, I respectfully disagree. Mississippi State does not appear as a good win outside of the south. Sorry about your loss, or whatever is bothering you. Hope you at least got it off your chest, and are feeling better now. Cheers!
Miles for the win!! But yeah, obviously Florida-&gt;Arizona is pretty freaking far. Now you know what it's like to be a Pac12 fan!
I agree. Then in the last week: Odd years: Stanford/ND, UCLA/USC, Cal/Colorado Even years: USC/ND, Stanford/Cal, UCLA/Colorado
There’s more than 1?
Hope he can teach JT Daniels how to throw a pass that's not to a receiver double-covered.
My issue is that you're throwing away all the history of the Fiesta Bowl. It's a great bowl, I don't understand why everyone is shitting on it.
Then add a new premier bowl in Las Vegas. I don't have an issue with that. But the Fiesta Bowl has a ton of history in an awesome stadium, why uproot all of that?
How come?
Do we know if the delay in announcing this was due to Georgia being in play for a CFP spot? Perhaps in the made the playoff he wanted to see the season through.
His voice is so close to Hedi's, I can never tell which one is which especially when they swap radio and TV duties.
anddddd we're done
Asiasi was also suspended for the first three games of the year. He looked good when he was thrown to, but it seemed he was really used as a blocking TE while Wilson was more of a receiving TE. I think we expect Asiasi to see a huge increase in balls thrown to him next year.
Trigger warning for A&amp;M fans
just google "Woodie Dixon"
ah I didn't know that, thanks!
This is super early but if anyone is going to the national championship game at Levi's Stadium I both live and work within walking distance so hit me up for any questions about the immediate area.
Rick Neuheisel is my pick. Instead of headgear selection he’ll write a song and perform it on guitar to announce his pick.
But the celebrity picker is usually (unless it’s the goddamn chainsmokers or some lame country artist no one cares about) affiliated with the host school, so it wouldn’t be much of a surprise.
You take that back
Chip just promoted our OL coach to OC today. With Chip being basically the OC it’s just a formality and a way to justify giving him a raise
If there is one thing Levi's Stadium has, it's a shit ton of bathrooms
...are you my gf?
&gt;USC - 1 fucking lol &amp;#x200B;
Yeah at least Washington scored on Bama
Oklahoma probably with another Heisman QB
and only left turns
This year's was only so high because there were TWO potential CFP teams in it. With the same number of potential SEC CFP teams going into the same weekend, under the 8-team system you'd have at least 2 SEC teams in quarterfinal games, meaning 2x the revenue for the SEC.
This is orthogonal but also long needed. I don't understand how y'all claim to be "conference buddies" with someone you play once a decade, that might as well be an OOC matchup at that point.
&gt;Standardize all conferences to 8 games. Yay, MORE boring P5-FCS games. Just what the fans wanted.
&gt;An FBS-wide ban on playing FCS schools. Subscribe
8 spots. ZERO tie-ins. Is a G5 team undefeated and in the top-8 of the rankings? Ok they're in. Otherwise, they're out. P5 champion is good enough to be in the top-8 rankings? They're in. Otherwise, they're out (even if another member of their conference is in the Top8 and gets in over them a la Ohio State 2017).
Hey I see me!
Two undefeated SEC teams would be both be ranked so they would be both be in. I don't see the issue here unless the one declared "SEC champ" gets a higher ranking or something (which is dumb).
oh fuck yes
&gt;a smattering of anonymous Pac-12 people Woodie Dixon?
Why is Bama going undefeated and getting an 8 seed a problem? If Georgia gets the higher SEC rank over them, that means Georgia must have had a better SoR or SOS than Bama. If Bama is ranked 8th, that means the committee thinks there were 7 teams better than Bama.
This is the core problem IMO. Why is the athletic conference commissioner reporting to the academics instead of the athletic directors?
Problem with that is that at this point, the product is so tarnished I don't even know if Google/Apple/Amazon want it. I'm not sure what you mean by DirecTV/Sling/Sony since those are just OTT streaming providers but are still streaming linear channels.
It's the 12 university presidents/chancellors, who are mostly academics and don't give a damn about sportsball.
I wonder if this is because he saw he had 6 starters on OL returning plus the #1 OL recruit.
Didn't he transfer from Texas Tech? And didn't he say he transferred to UCLA because he wants to be a real estate agent in the LA real estate market? I wonder if there are any former Texas Tech coaches who recently moved to a school in LA...
You wouldn't flip a coin, that is no different than comparing an undefeated Clemson and undefeated Alabama in the CFP rankings. How do you decide which one is #1 if they haven't played each other, right?
uh, it was a couple games away from happening this year. If Wazzu beat Washington and Utah and you guys lost emphatically to Alabama, I could absolutely see a situation where Wazzu ended up ranked higher than Georgia.
Oversee != Directly manage
&gt;You might as well not even have a conference if the best teams never play each other. That's an SEC scheduling issue though. You have 14 teams and play 8 conference games... you do the math.
As a CFB fan in San Jose, you’re not alone. No one else cares about CFB here. All my friends know it as my thing because no one else cares.
Do we hve any details on these events yet?
There was an M135i in Europe right? I believe NA only got the 135is
Yes finally I’m not the only one! I notice this about once a week, it only happens first thing in the morning.
Engineer checking in. Maybe we should start a "engineer friends who like watching CFB" group.
He wants to start year 1 and ASU is the only place that was offering that. Pretty simple.
No surprise here
Who told you that? The one consistent thing throughout his recruitment was "he wants to go somewhere where he can start as a freshman". That's why Utah was the leader for so long.
Are we good again?
How I call dibs for waving the r/cfb flag at the CFP natty?
See, I used to be the guy defending their decision and always saying "come the next round of media rights, we'll see how good of a decision this was". But two things lately have swayed me the other way: 1. The media rights bubble seems to have popped. I don't think the demand for Pac12 football/basketball content is as high as it was a few years ago when this decision was made. Even if someone like an Amazon/Google/Facebook does want to take up Pac12 digital rights, I do not think they are as valuable as a few years ago. 2. The four-part Oregonian piece last month has completely convinced me that Larry Scott has no interest in helping the Pac12, only his own wallet and lifestyle. So I just can't trust the dude to do the right thing in 2024 even if #1 above ends up being a non issue. The dude is just a complete liability.
Are those really the new distribution models we are talking about though? Those are really just streams of linear tv channels provided over IP.
He ran the Jedd Fisch offense pretty well. A lot of us expected him to actually win the starting job over Wilton Speight and DTR so it was surprising that he was the 3rd string coming into Week 1. Then when Speight got hurt and DTR was really struggling, we all expected Chip to put in Modster but he never did. Modster announced his intent to transfer a week later. So it's quite likely Modster just didn't have what Chip wanted, or didn't understand Chip's offense, or something like that. I think he could do quite well for Cal. He's a quality mid-level Pac-12 QB IMO. A great thing for your depth if nothing else.
5 hours and 54 minutes from Westwood? That would put you what, halfway between the grapevine and Bakersfield?
I only watched one Cal game this year and it was against UCLA. So yes.
I do not. The reason is all the big games (the ones that you would argue create the value of the conference's football product on TV) are on ESPN/FOX, not P12N.
Could Modster actually start?
I... can actually see how that could be true. Especially if your starting point in LA is say, Santa Clarita.
Oh god who promoted Jim Mora from ESPN2 to ABC? Whyyyyyy
Kirk and Brent used to always call this game because Brent loves Vegas. Interesting how Kirk has continued to cal it since.
It’s Vegas
2020, hopefully with a Pac-12/SEC tie in
Agreed, color vs color should be kept to UCLA/USC
&lt;3
They absolutely showed them there live at the beginning of the game. Also Herby was on the field before the game.
Where in LA? because the valley to Berkeley is like 2 hours shorter than Long Beach to Berkeley
If you're obsessed then I'm right there with you. My gf thinks it's crazy I can tell who is who just on how they are skating.
Any idea whose house this is?
Huh? USC plays Bama in 2020 not 2019. And they don’t play Clemson period.
This guy AP Music Theorys
They showed Herby on the field talking to Herm prior to the game
smh millenials, amirite? \\s
Just to be clear, when you say Nevada side you are talking about the gondola from the village in SLT and \*not\* the two Nevada lodges Stagecoach and Boulder?
And by "the talent" he is referring to the single women in Los Angeles, right?
I've never seen a white christmas. Am I crazy?
Like skiing!
Those are Tier 3 rights that are unrelated to the Tier 1 rights shared by FOX and ESPN.
Everyone says they can't physically host games on weekdays. Then ESPN and FOX come in and say "sucks to suck".
Does this count as a thread about expansion as it pertains to whether or not I should drink an alcoholic beverage?
HE HAS ENTERED THE PORTAL
Honestly, I'm not sure. I do think it's fair to say the conference has more reason to be buddy buddy with FOX than with ESPN.
What is that white stuff on the ground outside?
TL;DR: Chip is taking an entirely new approach to recruiting. That’s why our class seems so pathetic. But “lazy” and “Chip Kelly” do not compute.
Well I hope you all predict it's a good game, since I'll be going and it's my first game of the season.
West coast? It’s not a UCLA thing, nor is it a basketball thing.
Musselman please
We’ve never claimed UC, you’re thinking of Berkeley
We spent all our money firing Mora and hiring Chip Kelly
I disagree that we will look like a good team anytime in the future
I've met plenty of transplants from flyover states that had never had any sort of sushi or other ethnic foods in general. Heck my girlfriend is from a more rural part of California and she had never had any ethnic foods until she started dating me.
Can you walk down to the glass during warmups if your tickets are in the upper bowl or only in the lower bowl?
Fox?
Wow. Thats stunning.
DeBoer is just happy he gets to mix up the D lines again and no one can complain about it.
So, what will the d pairings look like with Karlsson our?
Peterson was never going to accept USC though
San Jose yes. The rest of South Bay/Silicon Valley? Not so much IMO.
Good thing you're an alcoholic so it's somewhat *beerable*, amirite? FTFY
Perfectly. I’m really happy with it. And it runs ~50% cheaper than the equivalent Blackvue system.
He must be buddies with Larry Scott
Wow I'm shocked
Can I send you a few bucks for postage?
Just one. Yeah I live in Santa Clara, just out of town right now so I don’t mind paying a few bucks for shipping. Just let me know how much and what payment method you prefer!
Those jerseys are sick but IMO they are completely ruined by those awful duct taped nameplates on the back. Whose idea was that?
None really to be honest
What you’re saying about paying closer to invoice is true of most BMWs, but not an M2
Custom ordering + ED back when it was a good deal
...that’s not what fully loaded means
Rekt
Rev match is not turned off in Sport+. It’s only turned off when turn traction all the way off (holding down the traction button for 5 seconds, not just MDM mode). I have a manual F22 and drive in Sport+ often. Full rev-match.
11pm local time for Tampa. Can only help us.
There were 4. Rose, Sugar, Orange, Fiesta. Natty rotated between the 4 bowl games at first, then later it became a separate game that rotated between the 4 locations. Rose Bowl is GOAT, of course.
Interesting, I didn't know that. Odd that it would be different in the M cars vs non-M cars.
Excellent momentum heading into the big Calgary game.
“I am ashamed”
Honestly, I wouldn’t be surprised if the rose bowl got a higher rating than the semifinal. Plenty of people out there who know what the rose bowl is but not the semifinal. And the rose bowl would probably be on ABC while the semi would be on ESPN
Because it’s the goat
Apparently he’s expressed interest in the job, but he has some skeletons which mean the board of regents would never ever sign off on it.
He’s my top choice, sorry
Relax. Apparently his skeletons already have him on our “no way” list.
Do you have a 247 subscription? There's a bunch of stuff on our 247 board, I don't want to post paywall content here.
So I'm stuck hanging out with Alabama fans all weekend? ugh...
Fair enough, I did have a Clemson grad on my rec league ultimate frisbee team out here once.
Bowl games? Yes. Rose Bowl? No. Out of genuine curiosity, I went and looked the ratings up. [In 2015](http://www.sportsmediawatch.com/college-football-tv-ratings-archived/) the Rose Bowl (Stanford blowing out Iowa) got a 7.4. The semifinals got 9.1/9.6. [In 2016](http://www.sportsmediawatch.com/college-football-tv-ratings/3/), the Rose Bowl (USC Penn State thriller) for an 8.6. Semis got a 9.8/10.7. So are the non-NYD semis beating the Rose Bowl in ratings? Yes. Are they "easily trumping" the Rose Bowl? Clearly not.
Go Simek
this would be hilarious
I listened to a UCLA paywall site's podcast last week where they guy really broke down and explained why Keatts was his top choice and he convinced me.
Jan 1 CFP games (well 1/2 anyways) IS the Rose Bowl. I am confused what you are trying to say.
Rose Bowl on ABC at same time as Peach Bowl CFP semi on ESPN? I genuinely think the ratings would be the very close. It's ok if you disagree. That's allowed on the internet.
I think we're going to pay a lot more than 2.6M to the next coach. So "what Alford is currently making" isn't really relevant. This AD just ponied up to pay Jim Mora 12M and get Chip Kelly. For the first time, with new football and basketball only buildings we are seeing UCLA act like a big boy and pay up.
Like Jake Browning bad? Or worse?
subscribe
She was definitely in San Jose during the playoffs. She was posting pictures of EK65 after his pregame nap at their house/apartment/condo/hotel?
Flying up to Pullman, Washington for UCLA @ Washington State in late September. Super stoked for this one!
&gt;2017 @ UCLA, On one hand I'm sad I did not attend that game in person. On the other hand, I couldn't imagine not experiencing that comeback through the voice of Gus Johnson.
CFB and hockey, my two sporting loves
The line down to Vasona Junction and up to Cupertino sees one train twice a week in the middle of the day.
Well then they lied. The closing of the South San Francisco yard is what prompted this change.
Ah you must live near Lafayette
[Awful Announcing story](https://awfulannouncing.com/ncaa/maybe-the-pac-12s-equity-plan-wasnt-as-absurd-as-we-assumed.html)
\&gt; uptempo based spreads &amp;#x200B; Which is nothing like the offense Chip is running at UCLA so what is your point?
That would be a disastrous move at this point. That was the move to make back in 2012 and they did not. It'd be dumb to give in now after they've invested so much into the "wholly owned network" play.
CATCH. YOUR. D'S.
A few months ago
You can get full screen CarPlay as an aftermarket software upgrade. Check on bimmerpost, loads of people have done it. I personally found that google maps in CarPlay is optimized for a touch screen. So without a touchscreen it’s really hard and unintuitive to use with the rotary controller. I find myself using the excellent BMW navigation system instead of google maps via CarPlay for this reason.
I have no idea about that. My car is a MY17 so it was just a $300 one-time option to tick on my order sheet to get CarPlay.
Yes I do. Installed it a few months after I got the car back from Europe, made a world of difference.
Jeez Erik you just got 92million dollars can you smile a bit?
Nah, Kane's video last year looked totally different. I think he was also shirtless on a yacht in Monoco or something so that helped.
Hertl had a bridge deal. So if we're going by that comparison Timo should also do a bridge deal. Which I believe Doug has already suggested he will be offering to both Timo and Labanc.
Dude is about to buy a nice ass house in Los Altos Hills
4.5M AAV? Or do we think that's too low for him?
So if Sorensen-Thornton-Labanc 3rd line was the dad and his 2 kids line, what would a Marleau-Thornton-Labanc line be? 2 dads and the random neighbor kid they hang out with?
If you just want CarPlay plus the bigger screen, contact steve at Codemybimmer
You joke, but M school is actually really really dope
Pk
Unideal
“In the wild” Yo is this Monoco?
&gt;Maybe their government should stop funding proxy wars all over the place and start focusing on its people. Maybe a whoosh moment but you have to realize your comment literally describes the US right?
Josh Rosen was a mechE major for awhile
Purdue?
Probably a good thing. We were dreadful in day games this year.
We also have all 4 SJ-VGK games before January.
You still need to replace them with another backup goalie and another forward
Minimums != $0
Thornton has already said he’s coming back
2014?
Or are traveling to
I guess this is payback from us having an almost equally-unimaginable comeback to force OT and win in OT last year in DC.
I guess this is karma for our OT comeback win in DC last year when Kane scored with 0.9 seconds left in regulation
OOC games are already known.
I know people will reply to this with "omg california housing so expensive you should leave" but my mind quite literally cannot even process the phrase "150k house".
Want to have a laugh? This is what 1.3 MILLION gets you in the heart of Silicon Valley: [https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/1338-Lafayette-St-Santa-Clara-CA-95050/19579489\_zpid/](https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/1338-Lafayette-St-Santa-Clara-CA-95050/19579489_zpid/)
I honestly really enjoyed the 10am and 930am games this weekend. It was quite refreshing.
I walk through airline clubs in casual attire all the time, rock it dude!
ok? OK? SECOND DOWN AND NINE
Same. Fuck.
Outcome of game is irrelevant. If Couture is out past the all star game (and based on how it looked he almost definitely will be) then hello last place.
Time zones... there are plenty of places in the world where it’s still pitch black at 630am
You mean exactly how the US shot down an Iran Air passenger plane because they “mistook” it for a military plane?
The plane took off at 5:15am local time
Not sure where you're getting that from, quick search reveals it \*was\* transmitting the correct mode III civilian IFF. "Data and testimony from the USS Sides corroborate the flight path and the Mode III IFF squawk." [https://web.archive.org/web/20060319065534/http://www.iranchamber.com/history/articles/shootingdown\_iranair\_flight655.php](https://web.archive.org/web/20060319065534/http://www.iranchamber.com/history/articles/shootingdown_iranair_flight655.php)
It's not a military base. It's a commercial airport with numerous scheduled passenger flights: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandar\_Abbas\_International\_Airport](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandar_Abbas_International_Airport)
So when Pavelski returns to the Shark Tank on Saturday night, Doug Wilson has a plan to make him stay right?
Ah yes, my favorite. When the halftime show for a 1030pm ET game is in broad daylight.
Sharks games don't really affect traffic outside the immediate vicinity of SAP center tbh. So the traffic won't be any worse than a 49ers playoff game by itself will be IMO.
My M240i with euro delivery had exactly 1 mile on it when I picked it up. After I turned it in at the dropoff in Zurich, it amassed another 9 miles by the time I saw it two weeks later in California.
I was at the game. I honestly didn’t see what happened, so I just saw the puck in the net and the ref waving it off so I booed.
He has resting sad face
With the cost of living adjustment it’s gonna be even crazier. 10x?
I’m still waiting for the controversial Pac12 moment
"What's a parka?" - Rolovich, most likely
Maybe on your Tier3 rights but there is no way the MWC's Tier1 and Tier2 media rights come anywhere close the Pac12's.
Can we give them Martin Jones too?
“Hey guys nice to meet you. So uhh, sorry about that whole Game 7 comeback thing, let’s just not talk about it?” (group starts to walk towards their individual lockers) “hey Cody?” “Yeah coach?” “Thanks though”
Am I the only one that loves our current goal horn + song combo? I hear the ones in other stadiums when the Sharks are on the road and they always seem way less hype than ours.
Is our boy Donskoi hurt?
Doug Wilson’s long term plan is starting to come into view...
I imagine the only part PDB really cares about is actually having an NHL-caliber goalie now.
Someone else pointed out it's also during the world series.
Driver? You know our man champagne larry probably takes a helicopter from SF to Oakland. Do you really think it fits his personality to sit in TRAFFIC.
Give Mora this schedule in 2013 or 2014 and he'd go 11-1 (I assume everyone knows the one loss).
Thu/Fri games are preselected for ESPN or FS1.
Yep. The weeknight ESPN/FS1 games have always been allocated at the time of the schedule release IIRC. I know they haven't technically announced which weeknight games are ESPN vs. FS1, but that's already been decided.
So USC tried to pull an LSU and Joe Brady but failed?
He had a dope poke check towards the beginning of OT in Game 7.
You're thinking of Dave Pasch
Well that's shitty. So UNLV's conference home games are fine but their OOC home games have to be approved one by one on a case by case basis? Boo.
incognito mode is your friend here
3-5 engineers with $0 leftover for you know, RUNNING THE DAMN THING.
Looks like every F generation cluster lol
His super islamaphobic tweets aren’t a negative thing?
I absolutely meant they're a negative thing. I'm a bit confused how anyone inferred otherwise?
That was before the Chip fiasco though. Transferring to UCLA when Chip was new makes perfect sense.
MATATA
Well done. Compare this to what Dabo said (and even Chip, smh).
&gt;It was vague af, and didn’t really say anything Dabo in a nutshell
At least we still have the Podcast of Champions
2 series are awesome but unfortunately there were just so few of them bought new which means there are very few of them to be had used. If you’re in the market for a 6MT M240i, mine will be on the market in July.
How does the raiders field roll from outside to inside? Are there not support posts and beams and stuff in the way? I find it really hard to believe there is a football field width gap in supporting posts on one side of the stadium structure.
It’s amazing how awkward the 2 door 6 looks yet how incredible the 4 door 6 looks
5/\~100? That's 5% which sounds about right to me. Keep in mind 5% testing positive is NOT the same as 5% of players being symptomatic or feeling unwell in any way.
I was there. It was.
No car has 0 mileage that’s absurd. My euro delivery across the street from the factory had 2 miles on the odometer.
Yeah same here. If anything, the 12pm ET games are the \*only\* games that kick off at the start of the broadcast window.
Counterpoint: Maria
Isn't that just ESPN's NFL scorebug?
UCLA has 2 byes this season due to playing week 0 so here we go... &amp;#x200B; September - Bye October - Bye November - USC
500M valuation doesn't mean they're profitable. Ever heard of Twitter?
I can’t imagine THIS YEAR why anyone would want to reclassify up
I just keep imagining Gus Johnson yelling “HOLLA-WAYYYYYYYNE. TOUCHDOWN!”
For the first time in Golden Knights history too
You’re right, my mistake. I shouldn’t have used “no evidence” that was wrong.
Check on BIMMERPOST for the 2021 PDF ordering guide (if it’s out) and compare to 2020.
It's all the dank ethnic food we have
I assume this is the South Carolina version of “Shane Co.”
YouTube tv guys. Why are you still paying for traditional cable? YTTV is flawless for CFB.
Every single Big10 game would be available on YTTV across ABC, FOX, ESPN, ESPN2, FS1, and BTN.
Bravo. The less CFB games in boring drab NFL stadiums, the better.
Well yeah, those aren’t even comparable. BMW’s smaller m cars compete with the Cayman and the larger m cars compete with, I suppose a Panamera?
Is this a joke about UCLA only having 30k fans at a game? Because I'm here for it.
No no no 2020 has been bad enough already what are you doing
&gt;Mike Gundy's absolute willingness to drop ideology, be open minded, and call for change, if and only if his job depends on it. ... where did you get any idea he's being open minded? IMO he literally asked "what exactly do I have to say (and nothing more) to get off the news today?"
I'd say it's the most likely scenario.
F32/F82 is a boat. If you want handling and fun there’s no reason to consider the 4 chassis over the 2 chassis IMO.
Which is exactly why I don't use my real name on twitter. Or this username.
UCLA @ Nebraska in 2013. A UCLA player Nick Pasquale was hit by a car and killed a few days before the game. Nebraska fans showed why they have such a fantastic reputation and had signs, blue/yellow balloons, and a tribute ready to go. The game was a 9am pacific time kick so UCLA stumbled out to an early 21-3 hole and then Hundley got hot in the second half and UCLA ended up routing Nebraska 41-21. After the game, both teams met at center field to honor Nick. As a UCLA fan I will always be rooting for Nebraska after the class their program and fanbase showed on that day. [https://gojoebruin.com/2014/08/07/remembering-nick-pasquale-thanks-nebraska/](https://gojoebruin.com/2014/08/07/remembering-nick-pasquale-thanks-nebraska/)
WARSHINGTON AIN’T CONTRACTED NO VIRUS PAWWWWWWL
Is that even a question? There’s literally zero chance. I imagine they just do it from the studio.
Disagree on Finebaum being a host. If that were the case, he would have been the host of SEC nation instead of Laura Rutledge. Make no mistake. IF finebaum were to go to gameday, it would be in a desmond/pollack/bear type role.
Regarding Iowa State @ SDSU, do people think that P5 @ G5 is rare? I feel like UCLA is playing at G5s all the time. Maybe that's an "us" issue :(.
I had an F32 and then replaced it with an F22. Not even comparable. F32 is a grand tourer compared to an F22.
Nothing. The headline is incredibly misleading. The document was directed at the athletic department and doesn't even name Chip. UCLA's QB1 just tweeted "#1 No one said they didn’t trust coach Kelly #2 Majority of players talked about these demands but only a handful were willing to have there names publicly written Don’t turn this into a feeding frenzy on Coach, this is about the safety of the program as a whole."
Not that I support Chip, but the headline is incredibly misleading. [The document](https://ca-times.brightspotcdn.com/3b/55/c4a2b4b64a3cb1e40a34642cef21/final-2.pdf)was directed at the athletic department and doesn't even name Chip. UCLA's QB1 [just tweeted](https://twitter.com/DoriansTweets/status/1274085697335390208)"#1 No one said they didn’t trust coach Kelly #2 Majority of players talked about these demands but only a handful were willing to have there names publicly written Don’t turn this into a feeding frenzy on Coach, this is about the safety of the program as a whole."
1. LA Times article headline is incredibly misleading. The actual document does not mention Chip at all. It's directed to the athletic department. 2. DTR just [tweeted](https://twitter.com/DoriansTweets/status/1274085697335390208?s=20) "#1 No one said they didn’t trust coach Kelly #2 Majority of players talked about these demands but only a handful were willing to have there names publicly written Don’t turn this into a feeding frenzy on Coach, this is about the safety of the program as a whole." 3. This is awesome. Good for the UCLA players who got together and did this on their own. This is what leadership looks like.
Did you pull the codes?
are you suggesting the NHL is going to set up cots for the players to sleep in the parking lot?
This would make sense if the west coast teams played in an east coast hub city, not the other way around.
Vegas has like 15 hotels each with more than 3000 rooms lol
Larry Scott?
Transfer quackerback
Sorry I forgot Shinjuku is all of Japan.
Force majeure maybe?
Totally agree
Rose Bowl is actually in the San Gabriel Valley not the San Fernando Valley but it's close enough
