Same odds.
He played piano on “Stan” at the VMAs, I think that’s where it started https://youtu.be/eOAiwE48g10
That doesn’t make sense
I work with a "Richard Small", so Dick Small. Or last name first- Small, Dick. Not sure what his parents expected
But it was on purpose.... and steve harvey is an asshole
This is a movie detail...?
I dont get it
He does everything in his power to dig his own hole. "Q: Would you testify at the trial? A: I would testify, I would do demonstrations, I’d give lectures, I’d give summations. Or, I do what I do best, I’d try the case. I’d love to try the case. Q: Would you do it? Are you going to? Are you telling us you will try the case? A: I don’t know if anybody would have the courage to give me the case, but if you give me the case, I will prosecute it as a racketeering case, which I kind of invented anyway. So, it’s been 30 years ago, but let’s see if I can still do it. Thank you."
tell me how cnn is more or less full of shit than fox. this is just stupid
They already made the movie. "rampart"
I can shuffle cards really well. Different "styles", false shuffles
Looking at this is insane to me https://codstats.net/leaderboards/suicides
I’m picturing “meeting” his character and as he talks about what happened, his voice fades and cut to that scene
I wish it had sound
have you checked the in-game audio settings?
I guess I just like the show...? I have watched lost, the wire, the west wing all several times. Some of them get better after seeing them again. You notice more things on the rewatch, and some are 8-9 years so I start to forget stuff.
Going to space. I would go in a heartbeat
How people cheat at different casino games. I have books, videos, manuals, pamphlets etc. "Special" cards and dice Its just always interested me. The phycology behind the moves, and the skill required to do the moves
Yes. And I know how corny and fake it seemed, but I think from his point of you it is an actual trick. This was nine years ago. Maybe I’m wrong, but I think it’s “real”, and I’m actually surprised at the number of people who don’t think it’s real
What do you mean by "always seemed pretty adept"? A lot of it is when to do something, and how you are able to get the dealer/floorman to look in other places, or to make other players at the table more comfortable...
ssssssssssssstttttttttttttttoooooooopppppppppppp
To be fair, most stuff Blaine did on those specials are old tricks
"...happen this decade" . Forget the 2020 part, we know when we are ;)
It was 80 years ago
Election day should be a national holiday.
Why did you go so big?
It would be the lakers against a high school basketball team
So someone is actively watching people play, and affecting their game play...?
...there are subs for adultery....
ok! I only mean, with titles like this, people aren't going to comment in it, because of basic phrasing..!
LOL you’re the one who thinks I’m trolling you and you keep replying..... persecution complex
The amount of pure....I don’t even know what. That some many of these subs exist....
Where is that feature? In iCloud settings...?
or even imagining it being a "story"... I cannot remember another time I was told what a politician was eating at a particular time...
There is no draft. There wouldn't be a draft for a very, very long time. I dont know where everyone is getting this about a draft. I am not sure about the legalities for not signing up (i dont know if I ever did). imo, no one is going to be tracking people down who haven't signed up.
...this is a movie detail....?
Trump supporters
fuck that. I dont want to pay for something we should just have. I can understand buying of stickers, guns etc-but a basic in-game function like that?
Yes you can. Google it Brb, selling my account- https://i.imgur.com/pJ0kr9I.jpg
Probably because the auto mod sees this post 5 times each day and just said "fuck it"
shipment is still in the normal rotation, it isnt gone from the game
I guess Im not seeing it.... disney itself has never been worth that amount, so I dont see how this is possible
Granted, although that was a bit different
Didnt we know they were doing it tho? Thats why we used the stuxnet virus
I think the point is that he doesn't believe in things like russia interfering with our elections, even when the intel community says they did?
Where were you were you could shake the hand of the (supposedly..) richest person on earth...?
do you mean derail..? There is no draft
...this is a thing? Women are telling that to who? There is no draft for them to be drafted into....
They would be on americas side
how?
Yes, they think it’s fake/“msm” news. One of them told me Obama was a huge racist. Detached from reality
They are empty tho
They’re empty
But the cups are empty
The right wing media, and sadly, Beto. What he said will be a R talking point for years. “They said they want to take our guns!!!!”
Starbucks and...shuffling cards.
Yeah, crazy skill and practice. Ive seen him stacking with one shuffle, for 6-7 hands
/u/fuckswithducks becomes king
Jesus, there is no draft. Its these idiots who get that...idea out there
reported
what is sooof
I recently saw a small list of all the...weirder porn subs... vomit porn...yeah, theres a sub for that. I wont link it
why has this become a thing? People jumping on those tables?
I met a few of my sports hero when I was a kid, and they all went great.
ummmmm, theres more to the story or you are lying
what is interesting as fuck about it
But I saw “colateral” and if Tom Cruise can do it, so can I!
Sorry dude, you’re getting shit from a lot of people, and they are attaching it to political talking points. If you’re in another country, with no idea of some of this stuff, no big deal. Getting shit for never firing a gun is kinda stupid, imo
What? Where does that come from? Why would you assume I would be the first one... ?
There was really no plan for capturing him.
Glad someone said it. It was funny? But true? Plenty of people care, and they can say what they want. It’s almost like he way really far, on purpose. Just for all this
But Ricky said they should shut up. Guess he was wrong
..guessing that gets into "wire fraud" which is federal
how do you know
Robin Williams killed it in "good will hunting"
"fingerblast"....?
lol, I wonder where you get your news
The only "Ainsely" that matters in politics is Hayes
lol, what does she expect at supercuts....
but this is federal...
"shine on you crazy diamond" by Pink Floyd
maybe a Bike day of the dead deck? where is the pic from?
wrong sub for this-but he wont be removed from office and the bounty isnt "real"- https://www.newsweek.com/qassem-soleimani-eulogist-offers-80-million-bounty-donald-trump-head-iranian-general-funeral-1480513 Someone posted about the bounty and George Lopez said "we will do if for half"...not exactly a threat
..the one who is just sitting there, next to the fight...
HOLY SMOKING TOLEDO
And Farrow wrote the articles about Weinstein.... which I think was what Ricky was talking about.
If done right, plenty of women
Shake it
That they are all pieces of shit, with no morals or caring about anything.
after you see the bug happen, hit the "share" button, from there (it might take a second) you will be given an option to save it or, hit share twice (i believe thats the default) to start a recording- this is for when you know you are going to do something (unlike above, where the system is just "recording") then capture gallery, find the clip and upload to a usb/share to YT, twitch etc good luck!!
try /r/tipofmytongue
why?
why do you feel angry at them? How do you not have a choice? You can run out the door right now and jump up and down, how do you not have a choice about..your own beliefs?
Damn. Those other videos are insane
....are you saying to visualize punching a few inches.."in"? Sorry, Im not the most experienced...
This seems to be what happened, I've even seen that Iraq had advanced knowledge of the strikes. Seems much more like a way to save face with their people-they didnt want anything to start either. Their Gov was even saying last night that if there was no attack from the US, it would end there. Oddly it seems like cooler heads prevailed last night, thankfully
Interesting timing... Guessing they were not planning on making this announcement today
thank you!!
why is this such a common question...?
Also known for his work on "inside the NBA". He and Barkley are one of the better comedy teams on TV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6nUX131lLY
"Full metal jacket" . Boot camp and then it changes when they go to Vietnam
This is Nazare, Portugal (iirc) heres an great video about that area- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRJ87fzQ8Qc
In the Obama pic, iirc, that was the moment the helicopter crashed in pakistan the second picture is staged AF. I would think several people in that room are in an "acting" capacity, as half his administration is.
iirc, spitting on someone is assault (and battery maybe in some states?)
Guessing he's not allowed to leave the US..
And you cannot have an actual discussion there, as everything (from a non-supporter) needs to be a question. The auto mod deletes things constantly-with no apparent rhyme of reason. Asked the mods and got a bullshit answer and was told the auto mod is a “brave little toaster” and was “doing its job” An echo chamber with no actual discourse
They aren’t giving Boeing the black box either
How’s that? The left hurt themselves by saying he’s doing bad, and in reality he’s just doing...kinda bad? If someone votes for Trump just to spite anyone, that person has some odd stuff going on upstairs. Imo
I agree with you, but in terms of legality I’m not sure. He was classified as a terrorist, and if it’s a type of covert action, the gang of 8 needs to be notified within 48 hours of the event. I could be 48 hours after the mission was authorized I could be wrong
check here- https://old.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/emhkiu/people_who_voted_for_clinton_in_2016_but_are/
...ask a woman, who you do not know is pregnant, when she is due. Never happened to me, but I have heard some horror stories about this one
stop w this fucking question
read this instead https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/emsvm7/what_is_something_about_yourself_that_sounds_like/
...what is its their house
...this is a roast? Shes running for president...?
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/emsvm7/what_is_something_about_yourself_that_sounds_like/ try that or the one posted about 5 minutes ago
The whole feminism/alpha make thing is...trying to hard to be.....something
jesus give it a rest
Am I wrong in thinking it’s a cat, and would figure it out once you cake out of that headstand? Seems like it would want to get off as soon as it lost balance
Maybe because the daughter wants to...?
/u/gazoob
why are you stupid?
Dude it’s really amazing. You (indirectly but still) have done something that will have a real positive change in people life!!! That’s awesome for you!!!!! —— since this was announced, I’ve told 4 people about this. All four bought it immediately. I would love to see the sales figures for this bundle after today
On it dude. EVERYONE SHOULD LINK THIS DUDE
I’m really not sure about that. Before it was called the outback pack, today its the outback relief pack. Maybe I’m an idiot, but I really don’t think they would’ve done this had not been for the suggestion from the community. Do we think IW is into giving up money?
Commenting as a reminder...
Pull a "Jim" move and add a quarter to whoever's phone headset, every day. Then, after a few weeks, take them out. Watch person answer phone and hit themselves in the face
No one is really surprised. I really wonder what goes through the mind of someone in that...place. They know they have no chance at all, but they keep going.. There were 20 something people running for the dem nomination... When everyone knew only 3-4 of them would "make" it, and everyone pretty much could have named those 3-4 from the start. Mariane Williamson..? Tom Steyer..? Do they just do it for money? To get themselves out there for the next race?
"catch-22" Great cast, great directing. And based on one of my favorite books . (that and "the godfather" are two movies that might be better than the books)
............
proofread
whats before safe?
lol, a four minute video of a guy looking at the camera... whats "live" about it
Not to be that guy, but it’s special operations.
Full video with sound https://youtu.be/NiJgQqbSNOs
I’m confused...another comment linked me here but what’s going on? Something with a username?
?
Think about things from both sides. Yeah that person was an asshole, but maybe something is happening with them..? That type of stuff- imo thinking like that really does affect things
"has anyone"
why are so many fucking askreddit questions about shit
"Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Esmaili was quoted by Iranian state media saying that "extensive investigations have taken place and some individuals are arrested." He did not say how many individuals have been detained, or name them. Meanwhile, a person who posted a video online of a missile striking a Ukrainian airliner in Iran last week has been taken into custody by the elite Revolutionary Guards, the semi-official Fars news agency reported on Tuesday." So they arrested the guy who took the film, and an undetermined amount of other people. Sounds like everything is on the up and up
post a poorly spelled thread about "poop" every minute of the day. Although that seems to be common anyway.....
Just be honest about why you need it covered. "I have a doctors appointment I need to go to..." Also tell them you will cover for them anytime, no questions
call in sick for a week, and tell my boss i'll give him a thousand
me. I'm old school and dont like the "new" version--then again I haven't used it often so it might be better... whats "better" about it?
I mean the buttons you use to shoot with. In the corner of that screen in your pick, is there a “use” option? On PS4 the is a little “pic” of L2/R2
/r/fightporn /r/streetfights
I cannot imagine what "breakthrough" weapon they would have that would guarantee victory- and if they have it, I would guess the US has it as well. A real first strike against the US would be...bad for the nation that did it.
jesus... I wish they would just make up their minds
Iirc, there’s a yearly gathering of all those people in Canada. They really made a connection with those people
lolol center-right? even my crazy right wing friend would laugh at that edit-to the downvoters, do you view CNN as center right?
....so you are saying her statement is false...? https://www.politico.com/news/2020/01/13/warren-sanders-feud-098494
rumor? warren has confirmed it right?
where are you supposed to claim them?
a segway is not technically a bicycle tho
this isnt funny
..is it just sitting on the can...?
...this isnt trashy tho
where did you find these rewards?
Answered this question
what happens when you close the app?
Joe Rogan
Donald Trump
Here he is with Carlo Gambino (the "boss of all bosses")- https://www.sandiegoreader.com/photos/2000/jan/27/81119/# you dont just meet that guy..
" America is an immigrant country." he did it his way
?
keep going dude, you got this!!
where did you see this in CA?
A real big scoop for her, or any news outlet. Guessing we will all be grabbing popcorn for this one
never heard the time limit gripe. can this replace the sbmm posts?
Im seriously asking what symbol try /r/whatisthisthing
any specific law?
yeah, this feels more like a right wing belief thing to me--maybe I am wrong tho OP
A few days ago he re-tweeted a dead body. That alone deserves the rep he has
do you view this as acceptable? do you think something like this is deserving of a bad rep? honestly asking
That dude must be on PC. Truly the master race
? Physically from the office? There’s nothing to remove him from. A new president is sworn in and that’s it, there’s nothing for him to do. Imo, even with 100% support, there’s no way a coup would actually happen
juggle shuffle cards well
what or who is "Ree"?
asking this question after its already been posted today
this question has been asked at least 4 times today...
Nothing. You can do your best to tell him, how its affecting his health and you relationship-but they must come to the realization first. They must hit bottom and know it
maybe the angle? he was big compared to her- https://ionehellobeautiful.files.wordpress.com/2017/03/14885669203151.jpg?quality=85&amp;strip=all
17
thing, 3 times....
17
ok... apparently it worked so thats cool
...yes, I am aware of all of that. I only mean OPs headline is clearly biased and telling one side of the story...
you have to meet the right guy
"england has the biggest navy. Because its an island" -my roommate, he's 40
lets just talk about Rampart
Any type of "ziplock" bag
but if you spend it, you would lose it anyway? Do I get something for spending it..?
have you changed the audio settings? boost high/low etc?
lol "anybody else want to go?" Judge doesn't fuck around
Mushrooms. Not chemical, and a great time. They taste like shit, but its an adventure (much better than LSD, imo)
"shine on you crazy diamond"
So liberals didn't care that people didn't like Obama (..?) and so you are asking...why republicans get shit for supporting him? I don't see how that fits
I would think groups like that have been formed several times
How so? Didn't trump hand out pens at his most recent bill/trade deal signing?
I have seen the username "fuck" . its insane what gets past the filter
watch this, where he awkwardly grips his shirt https://twitter.com/ArashMarkazi/status/1217904680140824576?s=20
Really long reach on this one...
just you ;( https://downdetector.com/status/playstation-network/ https://status.playstation.com/en-us/
cool and "negative feedback" seems to be mostly posts in this sub most of us enjoy the game
Ohhhh, I should post a pic of my living room (where my roommates desk area is)..... The should be a sub for roommate shit, messes, comments etc
Waiting for people at the gate in airports weird, but first thing I thought of
https://old.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/epsy1h/whats_the_first_video_you_remember_watching_on/
But I was responding to this sentence - "...there can be no laws abridging free speech" So your point is null
lol, Right. I wonder who you voted for....?
I dislike bad spelling
"Primal Fear" I just remember being blown away by the twist
people hold on to things?
what happened?
from 9 years ago
how is this political
even then....the senate will never convict him
lol, what??
right, from that shit link, it links to NYT- " [A PHONE PLACED BY A STAFFER TO RECORD THE INTERVIEW RINGS] What the hell is that? KK: You’re getting a call. Oh. BS: That’s your staff." holy shit, he must be fucking insane! So crazy that no one even knew or cared about this until some fringe website wrote about it. So crazy when compared to what trump says daily... or something
self immolation is doing it yourself, on purpose. normally for political or religious reasons
really dorky, but the confusion between what "special operations" and "special forces" are
I honestly would've thought he can't drive...
lol, yeah but your meme would have to be funny. Im only pointing out the facts of your meme. And I mean, read the article, not the summary that you did with your link
I feel fine, I never feel like any kind of target. Imo, if you are feeling like that, you are looking for something to be offended about.
site- www.Eminem.com/darkness
public transportation...?
Hey, you are passing fake news!! weird how that happens
.."we'll well"... what? Do you mean "see how.."?
He was a genius. His manifesto has some Interesting stuff in it, very applicable to today
It was in Florence Colorado, the ADX super max federal prison. Those 3, heads of aryan brother hood, shoelace bomber guy etc That’s were they put all the crazy federal prisoners.
the far left lane?
lol, "protest gun violence". Its just a reason to get together and do that shit.
Headline makes it seem like they went to the app because of concerns on being hacked, but its more "what the fuck are they doing as election hacking is a thing"
I doubt it. I would try a ticket again and maybe make a twitter account. I have had them get back to me on twitter . (its great for all customer service stuff, playstation/apple etc)
she's a fucking cunt
lol, why are you downvoted for this....
what are the examples aside from the starbucks thing? Are cruise ships a totally american thing? Wherever you are, are service people rude? I think this is something more people are "concerned" about, but no one really cares/thinks its a thing
I hope no one was killed
Do you have an example?
I wonder the amount of rounds were shot in this...
It makes a lot of sense to make a blanket statement like that, especially regarding an askreddit question....
.....did I do either of those things?
lol, you are posting your own comment from 5 days ago.
yeah, but the title is "..leaving before christ"
A false cut with a deck of cards
Don't stick your dick in crazy.
he was- https://news4sanantonio.com/news/local/man-led-deputies-on-chase-while-posting-about-it-on-snapchat
wrong https://news4sanantonio.com/news/local/man-led-deputies-on-chase-while-posting-about-it-on-snapchat
he was, ended up holding a knife to his throat https://news4sanantonio.com/news/local/man-led-deputies-on-chase-while-posting-about-it-on-snapchat
he ended up holding a knife to his own throat https://news4sanantonio.com/news/local/man-led-deputies-on-chase-while-posting-about-it-on-snapchat
Stop smoking weed and save money. You don't need that ipad etc
guessing the mods removed it?
...that pass must have been a double
where have you encountered someone who thought that?
that the other side (if the US), in terms of policy, would respond with nukes. Escalation? For sure, something like that starts and it would be over, quickly.
"barely any that you see".... this will highly depend in where you are in the US
A expensive ($300) book written about ways you would cheat at cards/some magic. Early next month... It would be like a book on basketball written by Michael Jordan
It's hard to tell. I know several people I would say are certainly smart, but say incredible things.. Like my roommate, not stupid by any metric, told me England has the biggest navy because its an island... I have met many people who didnt't seem like the brightest bulb, but after getting to know them they prove me wrong. And the opposite happens just as often, "this person has a pretty important job that would require education.." and then they are an idiot..
a lot of them already are, right? The 49ers are named because of the gold rush of 49' (or around that basic time) . Isn't texas known for their cowboys?
He and Putin have had several meetings, with only an interpreter. Two world leaders meeting alone is not common, at least they take notes if they do
if it was a russian interpreter, not sure there is any real protection for whistleblowers in russia
Was this the test about aborting the mission and "ejecting" the capsule?
..... what?
This is a great doc on the "mission" https://www.amazon.com/Azorian-Raising-K-129-Michael-White/dp/B00D5WTSCQ Its on prime, talks with original engineers etc. very interesting
"the scariest thing..."?
fucking Sam Rockwell is amazing. He dances in almost any movie he is in, he's got the groove
Her struggle is real
"Gordo my man!!! My junk is raw, like monday night. You wouldn't serve them to a dog. They have been packed under leaky meat for years"
I always wondered about Leos top. One guy has the dice, that only he knows the number off, and person has a chess piece where the person knows it will "fall" as they altered it. But Leos is a top? So if it stops he isnt in a dream, but if it keeps going...? Everyone knows a top will stop spinning, right?
Makes sense, thanks!!
Well I am thinking I can show pictures that are the exact opposite of what you posted... Also wondering how we know who is in the WH pic the guys today were wearing masks, carrying assault rifles and all their gear and shit. It was idiocy
I have seen this pis/video posted all over, and they all seem to have a different story behind it...
"oh baby youuuuuu, you got what I need"? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aofoBrFNdg
thats tailgating?
Not having internet
what is the biggest medical comeback
another pic- https://i.redd.it/c4n7tfys00c41.jpg
yep - https://i.redd.it/c4n7tfys00c41.jpg
Not having an asshole seems like it would be pretty convenient, so Ill go with that one
I would say it depends a bit on which prison. A prison in some small town in south america? Maybe not that hard. The ADX federal max prison in Colorado? Not with an army
Everyday, I see more about this virus. Seems like something from a movie, small articles/small tv news stories--which slowly become headlines all over "contamination!!!"
Cool pic, am card fan . are those bicycle? index looks familiar
Trump-Naw, it's a chinese hoax. Read the transcript!!!!!!!
Lolol, back to the tired idiotic narrative of the Clintons having people killed? You link to wiki, which has this is the first sentence- “The Clinton Body Count refers to a conspiracy theory, parts of which have been advanced by Newsmax publisher Christopher Ruddy among others, that asserts that former U.S. President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary Clinton have assassinated fifty or more of their associates” So you are posting something that is a known conspiracy theory as it even says it in the link you provided. So basically in this case you are passing out...fake news
He was close to suicide, he told a judge its like he has a shotgun in his mouth and he wants to pull the trigger. Guy was a forgotten star, clean his act up and made the biggest comeback since Kim Kardashian. Now hes 's one of the biggest stars on the planet
In the film, he says he doesn't drop character until the end of the dvd commentary He then did the dvd commentary in character and only "broke" during the credits
get off reddit
why would you post this, when the same thread is already posted
I study, research and practice moves that would allow me to cheat at cards. Never done it, but just find it interesting.
this is an hour long video, with some odd commentary.. how is this justice?
aren't we done w these memes?
Don't stick your dick in crazy
this was kinda stupid when it was posted earlier today
hope its what you are looking for!
yeah I have seen a PC player with "fuck" as their username..
I totally forgot about that. I remember something about them having to basically smuggle lawyers in to some District Court in New York because they didn’t want their identity known
/ 4. You will be encouraged to hire an investment manager. Considerable pressure will be applied. Don't. Investment managers charge fees, usually a percentage of assets. Consider this: If they charge 1% (which is low, I doubt you could find this deal, actually) they have to beat the market by 1% every year just to break even with a general market index fund. It is not worth it, and you don't need the extra return or the extra risk. Go for the index fund instead if you must invest in stocks. This is a hard rule to follow. They will come recommended by friends. They will come recommended by family. They will be your second cousin on your mother's side. Investment managers will sound smart. They will have lots of cool acronyms. They will have nice PowerPoint presentations. They might (MIGHT) pay for your shrimp cocktail lunch at TGI Friday's while reminding you how poor their side of the family is. They live for this stuff. You should smile, thank them for their time, and then tell them you will get back to them next week. Don't sign ANYTHING. Don't write it on a cocktail napkin (lottery lawsuit cases have been won and lost over drunkenly scrawled cocktail napkin addition and subtraction figures with lots of zeros on them). Never call them back. Trust me. You will thank me later. This tactic, smiling, thanking people for their time, and promising to get back to people, is going to have to become familiar. You will have to learn to say no gently, without saying the word "no." It sounds underhanded. Sneaky. It is. And its part of your new survival strategy. I mean the word "survival" quite literally. Get all this figured out BEFORE you claim your winnings. They aren't going anywhere. Just relax. / 5. If you elect to be more global about your paranoia, use between 20.00% and 33.00% of what you have not decided to commit to a family fund IMMEDIATELY to purchase a combination of longer term U.S. treasuries (5 or 10 year are a good idea) and perhaps even another G7 treasury instrument. This is your safety net. You will be protected... from yourself. You are going to be really tempted to starting being a big investor. You are going to be convinced that you can double your money in Vegas with your awesome Roulette system/by funding your friend's amazing idea to sell Lemming dung/buying land for oil drilling/by shorting the North Pole Ice market (global warming, you know). This all sounds tempting because "Even if I lose it all I still have $XX million left! Anyone could live on that comfortably for the rest of their life." Yeah, except for 33% of everyone who won the lottery. You're not going to double your money, so cool it. Let me say that again. You're not going to double your money, so cool it. Right now, you'll get around 3.5% on the 10 year U.S. treasury. With $18.2 million (20% of $91.2 mil after your absurdly generous family gift) invested in those you will pull down $638,400 per year. If everything else blows up, you still have that, and you will be in the top 1% of income in the United States. So how about you not fuck with it. Eh? And that's income that is damn safe. If we get to the point where the United States defaults on those instruments, we are in far worse shape than worrying about money. If you are really paranoid, you might consider picking another G7 or otherwise mainstream country other than the U.S. according to where you want to live if the United States dissolves into anarchy or Britney Spears is elected to the United States Senate. Put some fraction in something like Swiss Government Bonds at 3%. If the Swiss stop paying on their government debt, well, then you know money really means nothing anywhere on the globe anymore. I'd study small field sustainable agriculture if you think this is a possibility. You might have to start feeding yourself. / 6. That leaves, say, 80% of $91.2 million or $72.9 million. Here is where things start to get less clear. Personally, I think you should dump half of this, or $36.4 million, into a boring S&amp;P 500 index fund. Find something with low fees. You are going to be constantly tempted to retain "sophisticated" advisers who charge "nominal fees." Don't. Period. Even if you lose every other dime, you have $638,400 per year you didn't have before that will keep coming in until the United States falls into chaos. Fuck advisers and their fees. Instead, drop your $36.4 million in the market in a low fee vehicle. Unless we have an unprecedented downturn the likes of which the United States has never seen, should return around 7.00% or so over the next 10 years. You should expect to touch not even a dime of this money for 10 or 15 or even 20 years. In 20 years $36.4 million could easily become $115 million. / 7. So you have put a safety net in place. You have provided for your family beyond your wildest dreams. And you still have $36.4 million in "cash." You know you will be getting $638,400 per year unless the capital building is burning, you don't ever need to give anyone you care about cash, since they are provided for generously and responsibly (and can't blow it in Vegas) and you have a HUGE nest egg that is growing at market rates. (Given the recent dip, you'll be buying in at great prices for the market). What now? Whatever you want. Go ahead and burn through $36.4 million in hookers and blow if you want. You've got more security than 99% of the country. A lot of it is in trusts so even if you are sued your family will live well, and progress across generations. If your lawyer is worth his salt (I bet he is) then you will be insulated from most lawsuits anyhow. Buy a nice house or two, make sure they aren't stupid investments though. Go ahead and be an angel investor and fund some startups, but REFUSE to do it for anyone you know. (Friends and money, oil and water - Michael Corleone) Play. Have fun. You earned it by putting together the shoe sizes of your whole family on one ticket and winning the jackpot.
that and nothing about "shit" or "poop" . every day there are at least 2-3 "why/where did you poop XXXXX"
turn voice chat settings to "no effect"
That the number of new articles I see about it has been increasing, like a scene from a movie about a plague-how it started small and then big headlines like "INFECTED" or "Marshall law" Then again, others have said its like a bad cold
why do people not care...
is your second sentence directed towards trump?
Because of his head injury
Wait.... is this sarcasm?
nca-kcg
is this a copy pasta?
https://old.reddit.com/r/modernwarfare/comments/esgdqd/new_update_error_im_ded/
https://old.reddit.com/r/modernwarfare/comments/esgdqd/new_update_error_im_ded/
thread about it https://old.reddit.com/r/modernwarfare/comments/esgdqd/new_update_error_im_ded/
here is their tweet about this - https://twitter.com/InfinityWard/status/1220070063153135616?s=20 "We're currently investigating an issue where players are getting an error prompt informing them their data is corrupt or did not download properly. Please do not select either option, but please hard close your application. Thank you for your patience while we work on this issue."
they have to do something for people that lost stuff (or for all of us who got the error).
Im with you on that one
Thats a pretty damn good progression dude. Any pics of your work?
Do quebec and alberta have the same laws? btw, not coming across like that to me, you are just trying to understand it.
Well obviously, those two states have different laws but we are both governed overall by the federal law. Which is apparently how it is in Canada as well.
not really a skill, but shuffling cards. I can do many different kinds of shuffles, and plenty of false shuffles as well.
I can see him, covered in Big Mac wrappers, sitting around a tv getting more and more worked up. He retweeted a dead body last week. He will retweet anything
did you get the error message about resetting the stats? w the "yes or no" option?
Congrats!!! Any word on when the ring might get rain...? I cannot wait
Love the scarface shout out
apparently copying and pasting an existing loadout to the new loadout spaces fixes this
apparently copying and pasting an existing loadout to the new loadout spaces fixes this
apparently copying and pasting an existing loadout to the new loadout spaces fixes this
apparently copying and pasting an existing loadout to the new loadout spaces fixes this
I own several pairs of "loaded"/gaffed dice, with casino logos on them. Not easy to come buy....
Great post dude. Must have taken a bit
because of 69?
what is ride ultra
if you hear me whisper you will die
...that was a lot better than I expected
clapping with one hand
peace out
Any bumper sticker would get 100% of people behind it. Its on the bumper
He has been impeached. It does not mean he will leave office. This is agreed upon at this point
https://old.reddit.com/r/modernwarfare/comments/et24on/psa_to_ps4_players_with_spec_ops_pack_issue/ any info in there help?
Is that just you getting that from the media?
...white people can say "he was/is black", where is this coming from
u/VredditDownloader After unsuccessfully trying to share a reddit video
Same phrase brought up in the comey hearings about trump and loyalty, and letting the investigation go
this is a known thing, I think it might be fixed . close and restart the app https://t.co/hRkWEHfIl9?amp=1 Careers UPDATE: STAT RESET &amp; ERROR PROMPT ISSUECONTINUE Hi everyone, We want to give a status update on the error prompt issue that occurred while rolling out today’s title update. A backend fix has already been deployed across all platforms, so you won’t see a download prompt or see anything pop-up on screen to notify you a fix is available. This fix looks at two things: Loadout Slots: Part of today’s update included additional loadout slots. If you created classes in these slots, you’ll see that they have been reset back to default. This will only happen one time. If you didn’t create any additional classes in those slots, you won’t notice anything. This also fixes an issue where clicking on these slots could kick some players back to the multiplayer screen. Error Prompt: If you were presented with the error prompt and did not click “Yes” and closed the game, your stats are still intact. Feel free to play as usual. If you did click “Yes” – you most likely noticed your stats in the combat record, leaderboards, custom classes, and Operators were reset. Nothing related to your progression was lost, so your rank, XP, Battle Pass progression, weapon progression, unlocks, purchases, etc., are all still intact. We’re actively working on a fix for this, but do not have one to deploy tonight. You are still able to play the game as usual and your progression will still track, but please be aware that once we do have a fix, we may have to roll back your stats to the state they were in prior to today’s update. We appreciate everyone’s patience while we work through this issue and thank you to everyone who has helped by sending us their information, videos, and screenshots. We’ll provide another update when we have more information for those whose stats were reset and again, thank you all for your patience.
he did, but didnt know it was deodorant at the time
The pizza you send me...?
The second comment in this thread
hahah "I had sex with Oprah Winfrey in that back seat"!!!! this guy is classic
I know you are but what am I
how so?
I always thought "pressure", in terms of the ocean, had something to do with gases or something. Took me way too long to realize the "pressure" comes from the insane weight of the fucking water...
In some train stations, subway stations etc, there is sometimes a sign - "beware of pickpockets" or something. Pickpockets hang out by this sign and watch people see the sign, and then physically touch on their body where their wallet/phone is. So the work is half done by the "mark"
"G's move in silence like lasagna"
can you do any of that instead of commenting?
How many can you name that died in plane crashes v died from drugs?
where is the more explanation? Is this just a guess?
I was asking OP, as he says it seems like more are killed in private aircraft. If that is true, I wondered who OP could name for both lists Aside from reading those lists, how many could you have named?
lol
iirc, with att you need to pay for it, $7-8 a month I think
From what I’m seeing, there is a small chance of a second printing.
lol, so no "good players" use the m4?
are you saying all pictures of space are CGI.....?
I fucking loved that show!!! I used to call him "red superman" when I was a kid
Damn, I haven't gotten rolled in a long time well played
damnnnn, I missed several of these.... And I thought I had been around awhile
I wish someone had screamed "WOOOOOOO" like Ric Flair after that slap
119 deaths? On what game mode?
"the thin blue line" The original "true crime" doc, and the film ended up getting one guy off death row "zero days" . about the STUXNET virus and Irans nuclear program
made this sub for discussion. Its private, so let me know if you can't get in /r/Forteyears
If you are in this school, and listening to girls phones is an issue for you, wait a few years in school. There will be more things to annoy you than someones pphone
No, if he was classified by the government as a terrorist they don’t need proof of anything. It could be just like bin Lawton, they would only need to inform the gang of 8 within 48 hours
Congress wasn’t notified before the bin Ladin raid, only the gang of eight was
I understand that, all I’m saying is (depending on if he’s classified as a “terrorist”) it’s not illegal. Regardless of trump and his idiocy, it still would’ve been “classified” in terms of the actual mission. Obama and his people kept it quiet.
I am not supporting it
All republicans are assholes and idiots
the same way you google things - https://learn.g2.com/how-to-delete-reddit-account
lol, what....? Maybe I am behind the curve on all these new terms
would the existence of aliens cause a global panic? your question doesn't make sense as it is written
are you saying its that much better in CA than any other state..?
I’m not exactly sure but I think he created it. I will ask him next time I speak with him.
why wouldn't they be?
Have I totally missed this one? Has everyone seen this? Its posted every friday..?
Above the HP numbers on the left, does it shop as having BOP on? Upgrading the weight changes nothing? Power is fully upgraded with no change in HP on screen?
Tell your cat from that he is the shit. From an epileptic
this is an article about a pic, not a pic
What happened w the PTSD?
Argo fuck yourself
It is the art of writing understandable sentences
try the cities subs. Im sure there is a /r/paris
spendin cheese
The guy in your second clip is a cop in San Jose, people are already calling and emailing the police station trying to get him fired. Jared Yuen Maniac should never have a badge
And grip strength
can you try the weekly thread? or /r/PlayingCardsMarket
its all over https://www.courthousenews.com/minnesota-officials-link-arrested-looters-to-white-supremacist-groups/
lol, just did. I think we might "know" a few of the same people &amp;#x200B; did you recently buy an expensive book..?
It’s gone. They should suspend his account Fuck this guy https://twitter.com/calleapatra
680 is shut down right now
This one is just insane in so many ways https://i.imgur.com/yBs4XOl.jpg
Fuck you guys. Always killed us in Water Polo. Las lomas....
What a fucking piece of shit
Can you explain what you mean by knuckles upside down? I have no idea about any of this
Ahh, I think I see it. With the follow-through his thumb is more down? Thank you for the answers and stay safe
please post in this thread https://old.reddit.com/r/playingcards/comments/gttdnu/rplayingcards_buyselltradeads_weekly_thread_may/ or /r/PlayingCardsMarket
This one is by far my favorite https://i.imgur.com/Cevp8UJ.jpg
Check their Instagram page
Looks good, maybe try the throw only once - in the first sequence? Anyway to explain the game a bit more, having people in the crowd? I would also try /r/Magic this sub is pretty dead ;(
Thank you!! Stay healthy
Was the physical card blue or the “border” of it blue (if that makes sense) I believe only 4,6,9, 11 can be opened with a card - the others are still locked
his OG lawyer was a straight up mob lawyer
I played the shit out of that game. I even got into the whole “rare car” thing, dubsta, hearse etc
going to close the lounge, its hard to keep up with it
lol, yeah I hit the wrong thing..... 2 people were using it
The teacher should be awarded a metal. It’s a good thing they had the marshals protecting her, those guys don’t fuck around at all
I know it was never an actual "red phone", I still find it hard to believe the kremlin would jsut call the normal WH switchboard, but what do I know. Cheney was brought done there right?
Yes, I know that’s why I put it in quotes
Ahhhhh, so it’s you guys always jumping straight to the roof... do you try and get money or just kills?
The highway.... I need to check that out
The quarry has some crazyness going on, depending on the drop. We normally drop and loot, then go for kills
..wooosh?
https://instagram.com/niasalterego?igshid=pxmh8hh7ewt1
Unfortunately it’s not. Fuck, he even says “we’re going dark”.... but nothing :(
you can delete certain pieces of the game, like spec ops. there are 3 special ops "downloads", delete all 3 for more room ;)
When I played, no one is catching that. Some guy comes up near the goal? He’s getting fouled Maybe I’m seeing it wrong?
No, I do not think I would be kneeling but I realize things could change at the event. I think it would greatly depend on what event and where it was - same with the "lone man" senario I didnt know this was something people were thinking about..
maybe be a bit nicer? calling people assholes.....
any other situation? not in this one?
lol, what have the protests done for the country?
I disagree. He pulled off the one of the biggest upsets in american political history. Ask his supporters, he still does everything perfectly - and not many on the right are going to vote Biden in order to get trump out.
ok, how is it not accurate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOCJoWBZYAY
w Ziggy in generation kill and The Bunk in treme
im at a loss for words with that one... I guess I am russian or whatever
For sure the song, but the line put it over the top.
triumph probably
also have heard what sounds like wolves at the dam (and prison)
Seriously, that and not having my loadouts. Battle royale never really sounded fun to me in the first place edit-downvotes for my opinion... never change
SuperCut of him and water https://twitter.com/atrupar/status/1271858123515604994?s=21
Is it weird that I noticed it immediately?
I know, as I said I dont like BR, that being a reason
those idiots need to go away. They can't just start occupying and entire city, this isnt "red dawn" or whatever.
I think their movement has been discredited a long time ago
Maybe it’s me, I just really think he’s used to people always taking pictures and doesn’t really notice. Check this one out, I know it’s ridiculous as it’s just a picture of him shaking hands with a guard, but I think it says something https://i.imgur.com/uVqH0Ah.jpg
It’s a pretty well-known football drill
100% The best game in the casino, the most fun. A few of the odds bets are the best bets you are going to get in a casino anywhere
The FUPA if the century
Here’s Obama “running” down the steps of Air Force one And Trump tweeted to talk shit about it https://twitter.com/briantylercohen/status/1272049709629075457?s=21
[lol](https://i.imgur.com/xa0fxbV.jpg)
He also wears lifts in his shoes
Lol, is that what you his supporters think? That this is a big focus for dems? You guys look for ways to get offended
The statue is going from giant assholes to giant....
As is Larry David
You take that back!!
[https://twitter.com/atrupar/status/1271902553417138176?s=20](https://twitter.com/atrupar/status/1271902553417138176?s=20) &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; to be fair, he wears lifts in his shoes
but that was before he was president..?
I never would’ve even thought about the fact that they could do this. I’m surprise this isn’t a much more common thing
Cecot is on twitter saying it was removed to make room for the free weekend and that it will be back "soon" but all the free shit is gone and nothing....
but overall, you get it right?
I might be over the edge, but maybe tweet them? https://twitter.com/ATVIAssist https://twitter.com/InfinityWard
Cecot is saying it will be back "soon" and that it was removed for the free weekend..... I have sent several tweets to https://twitter.com/InfinityWard and activison support etc
lol, I will send enough tweets for the both of us... When they put it in that tab, and put up 1's,2,3 and 4's for BR it seems like they do not know many people like it. They even took out the "fill/no fill" option Edit - ahh yes the downvotes for my opinion
The easter egg thing is hearting up, with info about more codes, glitching into to see the full size ICBM, mini guns in bunker 11. Lots of guess work, but thats what got us into bunker 11.. Seems like half the people are saying its a shadow and the other half think its something, like a submarine a few guys on discord seem to be leading the charge. /r/MWbunkers
There is a lot of talk about this in discord, some in /r/MWbunkers. Still a lot to work on with the codes, bunker 10 and whats in it - and this "submarine". Seems like half of the "easter egg community" thinks there is something there, the other half just thinks its a shadow There were a few additions made w the update, added a few shacks with keypads etc
Someone made a change.org petition to bring it back Lolololololol, someone made a change.org petition to bring back plunder https://www.change.org/p/infinity-ward-bring-back-plunder-quads-on-cod-warzone?recruiter=1117230261&amp;utm_source=share_petition&amp;utm_medium=twitter&amp;utm_campaign=psf_combo_share_abi&amp;utm_term=psf_combo_share_initial&amp;recruited_by_id=05cb1190-af6a-11ea-97bd-a3ad7d6ef4c8
I jumped 4 times when I was around 19. Developed seizures about 2 years later, its possible
And that’s the thing about Billy, he straight up
Read this. He’s such a fucking asshole https://www.nydailynews.com/archives/news/trumps-bitter-battle-nephew-ailing-baby-caught-middle-article-1.888562
[he’s a fucking fuckhead](https://www.nydailynews.com/archives/news/trumps-bitter-battle-nephew-ailing-baby-caught-middle-article-1.888562)
I read it differently. I love the book (have it autographed). Love the movie as well
surprised to the laser mentioned, is it that "good"? you think the larger mag is always best? thanks for the setup, will try that in a bit
interesting, never thought of the suppressor as that important. you recommend it for warzone as well?
/r/PlayingCardsMarket
Yeah, I remember once she said something and he says "oh fuck you nia" but within 2 seconds they are back to laughing
...who gets banned
video w locations &amp;#x200B; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5nvR\_rttnw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5nvR_rttnw)
heres one &amp;#x200B; [https://discord.gg/jbSPWd7](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?v=dVgBI67zeXQ&amp;event=video_description&amp;q=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.gg%2FjbSPWd7&amp;redir_token=8T_SV0beBVV8U_uQC9JNOvheJLx8MTU5MzAzODg0M0AxNTkyOTUyNDQz)
same thing, down to it staying there for a few seconds ;( will be sure to get back to you if I ever figure it out
Damn..... we can’t even get to 2m but 3.25... fucking savage
Ive read about that, just never done it. Does it have to be just 3, or the entire team (if its quads)? have you gotten it?
theres that one and 2 others (I believe). before the season, they were "open" (at least the one by the prison was) and now locked &amp;#x200B; this is a big thing they are trying to figure out with the number &amp;#x200B; edit - someone was able to glitch me in, some interesting stuff but the thought is that its wont involve the easter eggs as we are not supposed to be in it
THe EBR doesnt get any respect
yeah, guessing he didnt fool them at all
thanks, will do ;)
I think a lot of that idea comes from being on reddit, where its the constant "in the US they would have shot him" or whatever. I is very uncommon for a cop to even draw their gun, much less shot someone with it. The guy clearly has issues, and I would guess the cops didnt want to have to shoot him - they arent all blood crazed maniacs
Many of them have been arrested, for good reason
"system" are they that organized? maybe the guy wanted them out fo downtown so things return to normal
a bunch of fuckhead who have taken over a part of downtown seattle
fuck their wiki. a lot of that is straight up /r/iam14andthisdeep stuff
lmaoooo "Hell, even Jeff McBride and his KISS\Kabuki outfit was more understated."
jesus, are they piping in the crowd sound?
this one also has a lot of info overall about the EEs, not just the bunkers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CfNoKrlhYQ
But there’s no painters on the entire planet
Hearing him on the show, it seems like he would take nearly any role offer to him
Every time I see this posted, I have to reply with this one. My favorite Bil video https://youtu.be/o7_h3S6hADI
I’ve got you for 2 months Bender!!!
Major major major
https://i.imgur.com/2c3dQtj.jpg As the cameraman
Wow. Really puts a smile on my face. Wasn’t expecting that, cool people and cool elephants And holy fuck that would be terrifying to hear....those things are loud af
...I thought it was a joke. I’m old
I love how this is like the 3rd highest comment.
also a new "spotter scope", that allows you to zoom in and mark people without the "glint"
is it 200 for plunder as well?
Have already heard (from several supporters) that “we do this also. Is this really a surprise to you guys?” That’s it. That’s their FUCKING EXCUSE
And a good chance one of the 40% is someone you know or live with
Bill Burr on Arnold https://youtu.be/ldIwEG9xQ-M Edit- have to add this one, Billy vs blind heckler https://youtu.be/o7_h3S6hADI
