Thank you so much. I am married to a counselor, yet I don’t myself do this. I work in a technical engineering capacity.
Hello sexy!
Person Of Color aka a proud black male.
This is an opportunity to R I S E . You don’t even dignify what he says with a whole lot of self introspection, go with your gut, look him dead in his face and say to him, “WTF bro?, if you wanna get all up in my ass you might need to go medical school before you start performing amateur colonoscopy” Then tell him this, “you know guys like you never get laid, and when you do it’s a pity fuck. You need to learn to be real”
This is his special love language. Do not shame him, or make fun of him. Be open to letting him be the best, most nerdy, fucked up version of himself he can be. Example. Eight years ago I met a guy who had two shih-tzu dogs. He began to refer to me over time as the dogs’s “momma”. At first hated it. I felt as if he should validate my masculinity. As time went on I realized I didn’t need him to validate my male identity. Co workers often take me for straight unless I come out, I am extremely butch, quite male, not really a sissy, and so on. Now a days it is the cutest thing. All my friends are jealous because he is a Southern Alabama boy, and he will take the dogs for a ride in my car on the weekends to “fill up momma’s gas tank” and all my friends think it is so cute. He is a doting partner, the dogs are easily the best thing ever, and I actually love being the “mom”. I also have a son who laughs and joke along too, referring to me as momma.
So I have two things: Honestly, don’t let friends text your hookups. (What are you, twelve?) I don’t mean to be harsh but you don’t need the help, you need to sack up and do it yourself. Second, don’t let anyone down easy. Cut to the chase, be real, be almost blunt, but tell them how you feel. Stop guilting yourself into hookups if you are gonna be timid. Tell a dude, “don’t wet my bed, this isn’t a hotel brah, his is my home”. Tell a guy to go blow he booger out of his nose and that he reeks of alcohol. Seriously, if you are going to fuck around with guys you don’t know, you can’t be a wallflower. You need to be direct, and say the truth man. You can always try to be nice but it pays to let people know where they stand. They will appreciate knowing where they fit you ok?
Sweeet!!!!!
Me too!
NICE bro
I think drag shows can wait for 18 personally. I get that a gayby might want to accompany his fathers to a club, but I don't see this being a good idea. I would think that a 10 year old boy ought to be in bed at home at 3 am. I would think that his activities should revolve around shared sports, activities with other boys his age. Not entertaining at a club at 3 am. Call me old fashioned. Call me a conservative. I have a son and would not have encouraged nor allowed this.
#THIS^
Well first of all, this is old stuff, it isn’t a smoking gun. He didn’t date you then. It was before you. None of your affair. Second, stop trying to figure out if he is gay. If you want a knuckle dragging straight gorilla, then date one. You like the sweet nature of your relationship but want him to be more confident, masculine, and take charge sexually. You won’t get those results by accusing him of fucking around with dudes. The convo you need to have is either “I snooped, found out you are bi, can’t handle it, I’m out” Or “baby, how do we talk about my desires to be taken, surprise seduced, or ravished? I want to talk about you initiating sex more often or in different ways. Are you open to that?” You won’t get what you want by bringing up your “evidence” cuz it ain’t really much.
IDK but I must assume that if the pics are on facebook, then no one objects to the grabbing. ?
I think it is still a problem. Pockets of acceptance do not ensure equality for the average gay. In the U.S. people tend to take for granted that because "most" businesses do not advocate open discrimination that all is well. That is setting the bar fairly low. We should set it to a more even place. We should realize that where discrimination flourishes, it oppresses every minority present. Whether based on race, orientation, sexuality, gender, et cet. Feminist issues are LGBTQ issues. If we don't continue to build, we become stagnant and loose ground in the fight for equal rights. So yes...we should continue the struggle.
Sorry dude.... It isn't easy to find out that "we" are so incompatible. IF he doesn't value what you have enough to push himself to new places, then he really doesn't want a relationship. He just wants to be friends. Friends without benefits. LOL I get that it is hard to walk away from, but you are clearing the decks and learning things right? You know now that Romantic love is important to you, but if a guy won't meet you in the bedroom for some loving, then you interpret that as a rejection....so he needs to be open for business if you know what I mean. Again, feel the pain, don't try to avoid it, it will be over before you know it, and now you can seek out guys who want to really explore shared experiences with you. Like living together, loving together, and becoming more to each other. Good Luck on the next chapter my friend. You deserved better from him.
HUGSS BRO
Yes. Let's say a guy breaks up with his cute boyfriend. Then he comes to you and says, "Don't talk to him, he hates me, he is an a hole, nobody talk to him and for sure don't sleep with him". What would you do with that? Most gay guys would be humping your leg inside fifteen minutes. The real story here is that you are bummed out and the rain cloud is following you around. You need to grieve bro...then get past this. He isn't hurting you.. You are hurting you.
FREDDY MERCURY!!! ZING!!!!
I wouldn’t ignore him, but having a relationship with him may out you when she figures out who you two are to each other.
Pretty fucking well. We are twins. I don't know of anyone who knows me better than him. I mean, Dude, we are twins...do you know what that means?? We grew up together, we shared everything until we left home. There is an extremely short list of people who can call and get me on a plane at 3am. He is at the top of that list. He may be the only name on it.
u/kittypurry1 is unknown to me. He doesn't know me, I don't know him.
One time caught a buzz with a group and totally got turned on by this younger guy. I was buzzed, he started talking about how he was going to meet a girl for some head and then touching his crotch I just got a belly full of it and full on started hitting on him in front of the group. They were all laughing, he was embarrassed and straight, I was kinda just a thirsty bitch. Edit spelling
Vancouver BC? Or Vancouver WA?
Dude, if he won’t give it up, then circulate, someone else will.
Two hours is a little much. Forty five mins is just far enough to keep them out of your business, but close enough to start something sexy.
Trump is easily characterized by extreme narcissistic egomaniacal behavior. He is singularly motivated by self interest. His desire for the White House was around personal power, personal control, and personal self interest. He has no brakes. He is pedantic, childish, and easily bored, his administration is crippled by dysfunctional relationships as he bounces from appointments to rapid replacements. Cohen’s testimony and expression of regret is telling because it reveals the deeply malevolent nature of relationships that characterize trumps interaction with the world around him. He cannot empower subordinates. He cannot surround himself with people better than himself, he is threatened by them and immediately begins to power play and manipulate to dominate. His ego knows no bounds, most people around him are characterized easily by being yes men, or agreeing to feed his character with ego strokes. It quickly becomes a sick organization bent to self admiration without any concept of truth. He is literally the king of “fake news”. He isn’t a bad president. He isn’t a president. While he occupies the office and uses the title, the business of running and operating the government isn’t being done. It requires a legion of similarly viewed people working in concert to accomplish goals, not one man so threatened by others that he tears down the people he puts in place to manage things. He has spent the majority of his presidency ignoring advice, destroying and dominating others, and lying. He will not be re elected, the historical perspective will be his legacy of shame to the GOP.
They know. Just saying bro, I’m a twin.
So seek out all you can learn about what is happening to your body. It is dangerous to take this on alone, get support lined up. Mental health can affect your overall condition, so try to maintain. This will be challenging, but health is never static, our bodies do what they do, seldom with permission. Hugs bro. You got this. One day at a time.
STFU u/hatemylife84 that is low down.
Legit AF. I have both.
I often speak about my husband. When ever anyone drops the wrong pronoun I just assume they said the correct one. "Oh, you are married, what does she do?" "Drug and Alcohol counseling." "Oh really?" "Oh yeah, He has a CADC-1 credential, and has been working for non profit XYZ bringing relief to addiction at risk populations ever since we first met." I gloss right over the top of it. People catch up, and they appreciate your flexibility in accepting that it is fine for them to make a common mistake. If they ask for an explanation I give it to them, but nine times out of ten, they catch on quick enough without all that extra emphasis or coaching.
I vote with my checkbook. **ANY** time a transaction doesn't appear legit or right, NOPE right the fuck out. So....when he shows up, I simply tell him, "Move along, I am not getting in your cab" and arrange for alternative transport.
Younger gay men (IMHO) identify gay sexual orientation with sexual activity. Often they consider gay relationships as being about "chemical attraction". Sometimes they have sex with their friends. So often that every male they see is evaluated as a conquest. This is not unique to younger gay males, but sometimes persists into mid life. If that is how they function (can I fuck him?) then it is what it is right? It is a more mature gay life, along with being OUT, that encourages males to seek marriages and deep emotional connections with a spouse around shared goals and emotional desires rather than drifting from partner to partner in search of the "youngest, hottest, best or best looking" partner. At the end of the day, when you spend time with a guy you need to enjoy it. In my view twentysomethings think that enjoyment looks like eye candy, hot sex, trophy boyfriend while a mature man may seek a companion, easy on the eyes, but devoted, and willing to cuddle and spoon, and build shared goals, build a life together. A forty year old seldom would look at a potential date and say, "I can do better". The evaluation of "a good fit" is quite a bit different as you gain experience and so on.
Each day is filled with challenges, and moments. I am older, so my focus is different, but a typical day to day conversation may contain what I am doing/thinking. Like for ex. Breakfast, food, cooking, weather observations, news, politics, world events, someone died, accident heard about or observed, what am I interested in right now....Do I want to go X, Y, or Z. If I discuss who I am, and talk about what I want, what I think is cool, and then accept their point of view, it is likely we will share that and become friends or at least "pals". See?
I can't speak for Uber, but as for myself, I won't pay for a ride I didn't take. I won't get into a taxi if the driver is acting or showing homophobia. It is that simple for me. I would take pictures and prove that I didn't enter the car. Service is based on taking the service. I get that I might owe them mileage to the pickup site, but I bet I wouldn't pay for the ride I didn't get!
Zero. "I LIKE ME"....hopefully your opinion isn't the basis for my happiness.
Dude, you need to reboot. Stress like that affects the body, affects the mind, affects the brain chemistry et cet. Your description of being "cold" and "no interest" seems to indicate some depression. Get some herbal st. Johns wort, work out, exercise, and take a sauna or hot tub. Get back in touch with your body, and give your mind a break. Sleep late, take a four day weekend. You will get your groove back and that mojo will be KICKING too.
Well......I might pay the cancellation fee then. If he calls me a faggot then we won't be worried about a chargeback. I will need his car for transporting his body.
Many Gay people are liberal. (just stating facts bro) Some are not. Liberal thought seems to be aligned against gun ownership and against gun violence, and equates owning firearms as enabling gun theft to fuel black market transactions and there by enabling gun violence. For my position, I am somewhat Liberal. I am a Democrat. I am also Mr. Bodyguard and don't think that guns are evil. I don't think that the NRA is correct, nor that gun ownership is the solution to every problem. Having said that I am a gun enthusiast. I have owned in excess of 50 firearms at one time, and had a membership to a 1000 Meter Shooting range. I like shooting guns, I like reloading guns. I like to weld but no one asks about that. So...I think the Pink Pistols are great. No issues. However....arming gay people and expecting them to defend themselves while we pay taxes for the courts, police and politicians to defend law and order, now that......I have an issue with. Every member of society should have the same rights and responsibilities. One of them is the RIGHT to defend their person from someone trying to do them harm, another is the responsibility to uphold law and order. That doesn't mean you kill everyone you get angry with, nor that you should not expect police to defend you from criminal harm.
Hi u/bluesky654 I came over from r/askgaybros. Quick Question - Did you know what it was when you found Grindr on his phone? I get that this is tough, but your parents are going to work this out. They won't consult you, or invite you into their relationship to solve problems of this magnitude. In the South, (I was born in NOLA) it is common for men who are closeted to be married. I myself was married to two women trying to figure out how to be "straight" before I became comfortable coming out to my family and dating other males. Your dad may just be chatting, or he may be cheating. Either way, he is discussing same sex encounters with other men. Be aware that this would have come out even if you had not ever discovered his grindr messages. You are not at fault. Your mom and dad need to process the new information about his behavior and their marriage. Hopefully they can work out their differences, but they may not. In any case, tell them both you love them and remember that if your dad comes out, he is still your father, and he still loves you without limits. (I am a gay dad).
I don't think you are a piece of shit. I think you are a wonderful person growing into a good man. You don't need his approval to love yourself, nor should you give him the power he attempts to usurp. Forget him...you are a good dude and it's Christmas Bro!!!!
Fuck him, dick that boy until he starts following you around like a lost puppy. Then tell him to spend time training offset, and put him and offset on a six day cleaning cycle. Give him instructions and schedules for mentally stimulating offset, and get him busy cleaning up after himself and fixing meals half the time. Reorganize his life around a basic set of responsibilities and give him some sexual reasons for doing the work. I get that I am a natural Dom, and YMMV, sorry if you take offense.
He just ended it, he is betraying every rule that he agrees to, both with you and the third. It’s time to move on. You either like being his property and will deal with being cast off, or you stand up for yourself. Now decide. Which?
Same principle, same application of truth. Practice makes perfect, kissing is usually fun, most guys will help ya practice, just relax will ya? You got this, keep looking.
"Treatment as Prevention" does indicate a HIV positive status. The studies show that if a partner who is HIV+ is adherent to medication (antiretrovirals) and is presenting an "undetectable" status then his sexual partner who may be HIV- is unlikely to be infected, even without use of condoms. "Treatment of HIV as Prevention of Infections to the general population" PrEP is something different entirely. It stands for Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis which is medication antiretrovirals administered to someone who does not have HIV. They present "at risk" for exposure due to their sexual identity or activity, but they do not currently have an HIV+ test result. They plan to use PrEP to avoid being infected using the antiretroviral medications and a testing plan and all under a doctor's supervision.
It has been my experience that each generation of LGBT fight equally. It isn't rewarded equally, but we all fight the battle, and stand up for equality. So yes, they will fight for an end to the discrimination of the day, just as Black, Brown, Asian, Female genders, all of the minorities do this.
People don't treat us how we deserve to be treated, or based on the respect we should be entitled to. People treat us how we allow them to. I get that you are close to the answer when you say things like "I am part of the problem too" and acknowledge that "the thirst is real". So here is the piece of the puzzle that you miss....YOU must respect YOU. You are late with your outrage. You are late with a course correction. You don't listen to your heart. You are too willing to accept a "pie in the sky" or a "rose colored glasses" view of your potential conquests. The guy who refused to get a job and help with rent didn't respect what you offered him. It was truly partnership, and in his world, he didn't need that, he got the sex he was after, and neglected to realize that it was a "package deal". So it isn't a very pretty world out there. Most of the guys you are interacting with on Grindr are being selfish and self centered. You want (need) the guys to be careful with you, have concern for your worth and value, and not see you as a sexual object. THEY ARE OUT THERE. You must sort them. You must put aside the boys who are taking advantage and ask more questions when considering who they are. My father once told me I needed to date a guy "closer to my age, and closer to my station". I was destroyed. I was hurt, because I was crying over my ex at that moment and couldn't see how badly my choices were fucking over my heart. My next boyfriend was not average, he was different. He was real. We have been married for 7 years now. Keep looking, and don't be afraid to say no.
Don’t be embarrassed, sex isn’t a slam dunk, it usually is awkward, and most guys have to get to know each other for it to become successful. Don’t give up, but be vocal about what turns you on and what turns you off. Remember to be patient and have fun with sex, when you cum it will go from fun to insane.
Go to a tire store. If they don’t have it, they can take it off using tools. (Air chisel) Be honest, say it’s gone, and do business with them on tires, brakes and what not. But yeah, they can get it off.
LOL
UPVOTED (Cut gay dude)
***IF*** I try to wear clothes to bed, I wake up naked. I have been like this since I was little. I have no fucking idea, even the few time I tried with PJ’s, boxers, tightly whiteys, you name it, off it comes. So...yes, I sleep nude, I wear nothing to bed, because I wake up that way even if I try to wear something. This includes socks. Edit: added thought. I put out a pair of shorts for morning runs to the bathroom and coffee pot, but if I feel sexy and no one is around but me and husband, I go naked through the house till I shower.
Okay, my guess is that it may grow some more, but the overarching deal here is your view. Owners of a penis should celebrate, not criticize. They all come in different shapes and forms, and though I haven’t liked all of their owners, I have never met a rude penis, and each one has been a joy!
No. If he has a pulse and a penis, that is good enough for me. Because I am gay bro. What the fuck is he matter with you?
#shitoris This should be illegal to utter.
If they are so close, why didn’t the relationship work out? Life is too short not to stand up for yourself, ask him why he spends lots of time with a guy he couldn’t make it work with?
Not currently, but would gladly observe No Fap provided willing alternative options are available!? I typically goto sleep and wake up “frisky”, so a nice blowjob or handjob at both times would be good, thanks!
“Every time I get a text from him my heart flutters.” “I crave sex with him and I know he does too” If you think this is normal for a soon to be engaged fiancé, then I am thankful we disagree.
Well, if you hate his closest friend, idk....sounds fishy to me. Especially when I remember all the twists and turns I made behind boyfriends when I was young. Did the “close friend” reject your boyfriend? If so, then I have to wonder about what the future would hold.
At the end of the day, he is going to continue being him. He will be a control freak. He will argue about your cleaning habits and so on. So if you can’t live with what he does, guess what, it isn’t going away. Stand up for yourself, but don’t argue, just be calm so he knows there are other ways to look at it, The only reason to break up is if you are sure you can’t stand getting along with him/putting up with his BS. Remember, now that you aren’t working, you see more of each other and have to work harder at it.
Bro, sexual orientation is often immutable. Factors can affect it, but it remains, usually only slightly impacted. So yes. A person who is LGBT isn’t going to be successful if they were to attempt to decide they are not LGBT. So, ‘homosexual orientation isn’t optional’ is basically true. Now, what you choose to do with that knowledge is your affair. Some start hooking up, some start dating, some join the priesthood. Just because you are gay doesn’t mean you have to have sex in order to be so, or to be so identified. I have known many gay virgins, they knew who they wanted to have sex with, or have love with, it wasn’t up for debate, nor was changing it an option.
Tell your hookup, “I regret cheating, and won’t cheat again. if you tell my boyfriend that we hooked up I won’t repeat it because I regret what I did to my relationship.
If you treated him well, why do you say, “he knew I was straight” as if his expectations are off? If he knew you were straight, why did he stop talking to you? You asked me how to get him back as a friend, I told you. Start with an apology.
Use an app you can enter your food into right before eating.
&gt;state of confusion Not so much. You don't sound confused at all to me. You like being with him, you like how sex is with him, you just aren't sure what it says about your identity. &gt;obviously I'm gay apparently - BUT he's the only man I find attractive I would call you bisexual, but it isn't really up to me. Labels are used by people to describe their sexuality, and communicate their feelings about their sexuality. You get to say what you are comfortable with. You get to use it as a tool to decide how to explain your feelings and desire to other people. YOU have to seek approval from WITHIN. You know it's ok to be sexual with him, your body loves it, he obviously has some skills, and you enjoy how you feel with you are with him. --So be careful about how you feel when you are not with him. Be careful not to shame yourself because he is a man. Be careful with what value judgments you allow to be placed on yourself because you are having sex with another dude. Many of us who identify gay or bi starting in our first same sex experience, often have conflicting feelings. We enjoy it while it is going on, then after it is over or after discussion we may feel shame. Do not allow these feelings to be accepted in the quiet places of your mind. Challenge them by remembering that bi and str8 and gay men are all normal, acceptable, and good. If you and him are both enjoying it, then don't let what other people think influence your time with him. Let it go where it goes. Good Luck my dude. Merry Xmas!
It wouldn't be so toxic if we weren't interested in fucking each other. So there's that. Sorry it is so damn toxic.
So..........what do you think would be the payoff for him to stay up all night drinking and playing on his phone? To play a joke on someone he doesn't know? To "fuck" with people? To make "inappropriate texts" with them? And he says it is nothing but won't hand over the phone? **Nope.** He is having sex. He isn't the first married guy to do it. He isn't the first guy to lie about it. Schedule a marriage counselling session, identify what your needs and emotions are around open marriages. If you feel like he is bisexual and just craves sex for fun, it could be that you guys can compromise and set limits around what is going on, when it is ok, when it isn't and how much lying is going on. It is obvious to me he cares about you, you guys did marry, but sex with random males on the internet can be a bit of a hard to break habit. Does saving the marriage appeal to you if it has to include a hall pass for him to wander from time to time? I doubt he will come clean about the sex immediately. He will have to see a payoff in order to motivate him to be honest. All of these things would benefit from a therapy session or two. You need to figure out what your limits are. (Forgive cheating? Monogamous? Open? Somewhere in between?) He needs to figure out a way to be honest. (Am I lying about who I am? Can I stop? How?) You both need to figure out how to compromise with your marriage and each other. If you aren't willing for there to be forgiveness for his cheating, and possibly some gay sex on the side, then you might need to figure out how to negotiate a way out of the marriage with him. Get real with each other, it isn't going to be easy, but all the lying will cause this to hurt a lot more.
HOT DAMN! "I love it when a plan comes together!"
NICE!!
If you were asking me how to get over drinking I would say no booze. If you were asking me how to get over doing drugs I would say no getting high. Same Principle. Either you are fucking or you aren't. Since you don't want to be, then stop talking to him, no phone, no text, no answering the door, no visits, no meet for dinner, no "let's have a beer" and no fucking. It really is that simple.
AWESOME REPLY ....Thank you bud!!!
Amazon locker. Buy it, pick it up, keep it hidden.
I think an actor has a reasonable expectation of sexual interest, hero worship, and admiration. I get that he is uncomfortable, and suggest he not share Instagram photos if he doesn’t want Instagram comments. I know gay admirers can be thirsty, but the game has been the price of success in acting since the thirties. Cry me a river. Play a gay character and post sexy pictures and you are gonna get hit on. Get your distance, you aren’t a normal person,you are a famous actor, time to up your game and get professional about it. You aren’t some straight guy objecting to gay thirst. You are a media personality. Man up.
You have to be rigorous about organizing your day. Do some physical exercise every day. Set aside “me time” every day. Make an agreement with someone you trust that when / if it becomes unbearable you will inform them and they have the permission to get help. Do feel the feelings, cry, grieve for the loss. Don’t live there and assume that you caused all this. Remember that you are worth this grief.
Grindr? All due respect but what you are looking for is area or location based. Get out there, meet guys in your area.
Response: “so how much have you been paying to ogle my son?”
You as well sweetie!
When he cooks you breakfast.
You say “call me hateful” so you know what your error is on this post. I’m glad you feel confident in your own self, not everyone does. A boy or man may choose to date based on many different reasons like how his partner protects him, how his partner has sex with him, how he was raised, trust, or just first one in love. Just because it doesn’t make sense to you doesn’t make it nonsensical. Not everyone evaluates looks the way you do. Not everyone values the same things you do.
Thanks for sharing!
You guys live together, and have for a bit? How long? I think it’s important that you want to marry one day. It is surprising to you that he doesn’t feel the same way. Rather than leaving I would suggest talking about what he would see for a permanent union? Does he want to be boyfriends forever? Is he commitment adverse? Does he object to marriage because of his experiences? This is a wake up call because your future matters. Marriage is your goal for future, but not his, talk and find out what bridge might cross both of your expectations.
Well, take it easy, it isn’t necessary to leave, find out what he would do to establish a permanent coupling.
Nope. Nothing abnormal about it. Basically it takes what it takes until it is done. For some guys they bury it so deep they don’t make it out til their late twenties. They try to force female relationships, mostly to their detriment, but for approval. Eventually the hiding becomes counterfeit, and can make them doubt the truth of who they are. The water becomes muddy and murky and hard to see through.
Sure is!
Into the thirties and beyond are many things. Financial prosperity, stability, children becoming adults and fleeing the nest, but....along with them comes character, lines, age, often it is easy and simple to gain weight, while loosing it is no longer easy, health begins a slow descent, hearing, eyesight, memory and hairlines all vanish without permission, acquiescence or reprieve. Often aging causes more inner turmoil than exterior visibility. Truth be told, each day is all we have. Humans may have a concept of time, but bending it to reach past 24 hours of “today” is nigh impossible.
**We live together:** you might want to figure out an alternative to living together as a practical first step. How will you get your own place after having been with him? It’s worth some thought even if you don’t speak about it to him or anyone else. **Breaking up because his friends:** I had a LTR live-in relationship with a guy and this happened. He was eight years younger and then he constantly talked about his friends and their gripes. I finally had enough and broke it off, he never really got over it. Went to counseling, kept trying to get with me. I meanwhile found my future husband and he still kept trying. I sat and talked with him and shared with him that his decision to listen to his friends and not his partner resulted in communication breakdown. I also told him that friends may share opinions, but not consequences. They don’t have a vested interest in doing what is fair or equitable, they only see it as selfish, but a single man has different friendships from a coupled man. They may see the relationship as a liability because to them there is no benefit, yet after he looses the relationship he realizes that the friends can not replace his partner. That was my ex’s experience. Edit: spelling
Honesty. It may not seem like it but the sharpest scalpel cuts the quickest and heals back the fastest! Just be kind but firm: “I’m sorry, I am not interested in further dates with you, I felt like we weren’t a good match. Thank you for our date and good luck!
End face to face conversations. Do not talk with him. Don’t be in the same room with him, block his phone number, have absolutely no contact at all with him. Document every threat made. Document every harassment situation. Documenting his threats and harassment can get you relief from a hr action or legal restraining order. Take the gloves off, he is threatening you.
This is him using you, it is ridiculous, stop.
Me too!
Like yourself, I had all the utilities and was paying the mortgage. I told him to leave and he moved a few days later.
It’s always a good idea to talk about sex. The best conversations about sex occur in mutual respect and mutual participation environments. Intimacy and environment are really important, this isn’t something to bring up off hand, it needs to be in a safe environment where you both agree that neither of you is going to pass judgement upon the other, and everyone has the freedom to feel anything but at the same time are not blaming each other. Once you have the intimacy you can ask him how he feels about sharing this intimate sexual position with you. Does he trust you not to hurt him? Does he have experience of trying it and rejecting it? Does any of that make a difference in how he feels about what you two try and do in bed? Is it a vulnerability issue? Many men aren’t willing to be submissive or passive during sex with a same sex partner. It’s ok to ask why and understand his answer. What isn’t ok is to assume that he has no right to say no or elevate your desire over his right to be in a safe relationship.
No
I personally don’t. He wants to get hit on, not my monkeys not my circus. I, who grew up in Catholic schools, saw the “sisters of perpetual indulgence” at my first pride along with senior older men unabashedly wearing sheer transparent clothing. I saw a teenaged twink wearing a shirt that said “seeking stroller meat”, and another that said, “free to good home”. I found myself confronted with lots of people flouting convention and breaking established norms. I learned quickly that taking offense didn’t serve me, and control belonged inside a hula hoop sized circle around my space.
Lots of torsos populate Grindr (so I am told) but you might need to send them a face pic prior to meeting them. Look you are going to have to understand this, **you aren’t the only one.** If you live in a town of ten thousand (which is small) you can expect fifty to a hundred out and proud gay men and at least that many “discrete” guys looking to fuck on the down low and don’t want anyone to know about it. So chill. Someone can show you the ropes. It’s not that big a secret.
If you make the goal to be happy, to enjoy skin to skin contact, and to make him and you feel good, you will probably be successful. Shared goal of penis inside is a working together thing. He needs to be into it as much as you are and helping too!
I disagree with you. Talking about sexual situations while not in them provides distance, safety, and candid response in addition to isolation from feelings “in the moment”. A kinky guy can use intimate conversation during candid conversation to introduce his kink and lay the groundwork for a shared experience. With kink, headspace is very important. When I was a young twink I thought butt sex was nasty. My older lover showed me porn of men fucking and the bottoms always grimaced in pain. Not for me ya know? Over time my headspace changed by reading intimate accounts of guys sharing what it felt like to bottom and how they thought it was hot. That led to a desire to feel what they felt. You have to explain why the kink is desirable. Why he ought to want it. That is the gateway to the erotic encounter.
I am a twin. Betrayal of your twin is a bad idea. You can do irreparable damage to your twin relationship. Betrayal from you is not the same as another sibling or someone else.
I accept that correction, my date was Windsor
Uh huh!
This^ He got his beads read and when that shit hit close to home he freaked out and overreacted. I don’t know that confrontation is how I would deal with this.
Hi ya! I think you got a really inexperienced partner who was using porn as a guide for his first time. Sex is a shared experience and a shared goal. Mutual respect is a shared value. Young guys without any guidance or experience but for porn don’t know how to check in with their partner to get feedback about their feelings and how it feels. They don’t know that intimacy is a big deal. Like you he may have felt immense pressure to perform adequately, and also had no idea how he was doing. I would suggest talking to him and discussing that you don’t want to be choked, you want to be cuddled, that you don’t want to be rammed, you want to be rimmed, that accommodating a cock inside your rectum is a slow gentle discussion with your sphincter, not a battering ram assault. Explain that you didn’t get your side of the experience, that in order for you to be turned on he must go a good deal slower and bring you along for the shared trip. Alternatively you could top him and show him how to properly use intimacy, cuddling, caressing, massage, and frequent check ins to gently screw the dick into a tight asshole. I don’t think you are an assault victim as much as he is such a shitty top. He just doesn’t know what he is doing, that’s all. Tell him that he is going to never get repeat sex being a disconnected one sided person and to plug into the shared experience! Edit : spelling
Lead from your heart ! It always makes my life interesting, never lets me down, and keeps my dick from fucking things up!
“90 day rule” It means no sexy for the first 90 days! Perfect for guys who want to make a relationship rather than a sexual partner.
With a scalpel!
No, just be real about where the relationship is.
I dated younger guys before. It was sad how much difference there was. Over time I owned my part in it and realized that if I was going to allow myself to say yes to a guy who had childlike impulses at times that I would have to deal with them on a mentor level. They needed some guidance and room to process. It is hard to trust a younger guy not to hurt you, and I did get hurt, but by maintaining a good effort to work with impulses and differences I learned eventually that I would never get my needs for closer deeper relationship unless I looked for more mature guys who weren’t as prone to run after the next shiny thing.
When using Grindr or other apps, the layer of control you can exert is in response only. You don’t have control of the other people on the app. This sounds rudimentary but so many of us are in such a heightened state of excitement that we don’t exercise personal boundaries and tend to blame others or the platform when things don’t go as expected. You are fine, if at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Maybe on a different app or w/e but I promise you, you are fine, that isn’t the issue.
Oral counts to me, and an orgasm is beside the point. Is it only cheating if I cum? I am naked with my cock down his throat but it isn’t cheating because I didn’t cum and no one had an orgasm? (Bullshit) Sexual definitions are subjective but genital contact is usually enough to say that “sex” is happening. Oral genital contact doesn’t make you a virgin, quite the opposite. But the focus should be on quality! Enjoying shared sexual experiences as much as enjoying a hug or a handshake.
There may be no physically observable differences but there are emotional and mental differences aplenty!
So I respect your right to an opinion. But if you act like a troll, people will treat you like one. You don’t have to be in agreement with anyone else, but keep in mind that the MAGA crowd moves very very quickly from disagreement to overt bullying. Your appeals for our tolerance for political discourse flies in the face of the actual bullying happening in the political arena just now. Let’s be real, many LGBT view the endorsement of trump to be offensive. The rhetoric in use is not truthful, accurate, or even clearly non sarcastic. Actions taken to defund critical HIV/aids programs while at the same time saying the opposite are not anything but a lie, not even a lie but a self serving lie. Many LGBT feel as if the lies told are so offensive and sarcastic in nature that it represents the rise of a new classism in the United States where we have been disenfranchised on the heels of being empowered only scant months ago during the last administration. To chastise other LGBT as being non tolerant of your view reveals a quite obtuse perspective and opinion that many of us feel is completely incompatible with sexual identify of LGBT. How can you support a man who would cut you and walk by as if it didn’t matter? Because that is what he has done, and continues to do. Edit spelling
Tie a bow around my prick?
Stop with the coke bro, it’s more dangerous than the low chance of your risk for HIV infection.
Relax a touch, breath. Being authentic is very freeing and it feels right and good. It is really who you are and telling them is okay. They don’t have to like it. They don’t have to approve. This isn’t about them. This is about you telling them, not their response. If they want to talk about it, that’s fine, listen and answer as possible, explain that you felt that it was time for you to tell them what you have known for a long time. Don’t get into mechanics, sex, or permissions, those aren’t appropriate or necessary. You just want to give them information you have had for a long time. When it comes time to discuss dating or dates or boyfriends or sex, try to insist that they be fair and include the same rules they have applied to siblings if applicable. Be honest, try to honor their rules and don’t over share. They don’t tell you when they are having sex, return the favor. Remember to keep it light and informative and just go for identity awareness at first. They will eventually get the hang of parenting a LGBT child just as you will get the hang of dating other guys.
NA bro. I know it’s tough but reach out and find out about the fellowship that brings us back from the brink and teaches us how to have a normal life dude! Anyhow, hang in there and treat self well my bro!
Because it wasn’t our idea? He wants to go away, ok, let him. Climb back in the horse, get another date with some potential guy, on to the next! Just because he blocked you doesn’t mean you = bad. It could mean he isn’t ready. It could mean he is afraid, or that he is cheating and needs to not. Or that he can’t face you knowing he isn’t ready and is just an insecure mess. Let him freak out on his own time. And if he did it because you weren’t his cup of tea, at least you didn’t put in a lot of work first!
Totally. The quickest and most efficacious way to accomplish this goal is to use a therapy provider. You can use books and self help, but a therapist will get you moving much faster.
First things first, either it’s on or it’s off. If you have tolerance for him and he has tolerance for you then why do you need to end it and move on? Bird in hand is worth two in bush right? Keep in mind we DO NOT participate in or find perfect relationships! They are all a growth process for both parties evolving as we go. So, you won’t find the perfect relationship, you will just find another comedy of errors that takes up lots of your time and makes you happy sometimes and wonder if it is a giant mistake sometimes. So, if you think it is worth the risk, ask him to go for it with you and renew a decision to be together. So, if it’s over then don’t fuck around! Stop getting high or drunk or vulnerable with him, find someone else to do, and someone else to spend your moments on. Edit spelling
I don’t but a hand built quality Steinway is a slightly better piano in my opinion than the Bosendorfer. The steinway is known for having a slightly heavier sound and the bosendorfer projects slightly more. That’s it. My money is in the Steinway. I wouldn’t buy one though, a serviceable piano can be had for a lot less.
There is a clear and present danger in assuming that our sub description should be anything other than entertainment. We risk alienating large groups of people from this community if else take it as serious. I don’t think it should be taken seriously, it is a description and seems satirical in nature to me. Having said that, allow me a moment to say this about masculinity, it is like black and white or silence and noise, it doesn’t exist with out femininity. Inside all of us are feminine impulses and traits, so likewise the capacity to lead, to inspire, to adapt and overcome. There are moments during youth when one may overcome another; it isn’t odd to see boys grapple with femininity and experience shame and mixed feelings about their voices, mannerisms, and impulses. It is normal for each of us to learn to balance our innate character. Some of us are more butch, some more queen, but don’t hate yourselves, or demand that to be worthy you are other than you are not. We all experience embarrassing moments, shrug them off and learn to be happy with who you are and find your own balance, wherever that is, the Rock Johnson, or Lady GaGa, or anywhere in between!
First, go and get tested. There is no weapon like knowledge to combat fear. Second...when you test negative, laugh and update so I can say, “I told you so”. There is like near zero chance, very steep odds that you don’t have it.
Go make an appointment with a urologist and explain your lack of feelings in your prostate. It will be cringe, but best way to be sure all is well my friend.
You could just get a pride button or a rainbow sticker or bracelet or something low key like that to signal to them you are bi.
Google “stretching foreskin” and read about what other men shave experienced.
My advice is don’t try to force him to communicate how you want him to. He is younger and has less schedule experience and travel experience than you do. Listen to what he is requesting and find a way to accommodate. So he wants to come to capital? Where you are and meet there? Well, figure out where to get some privacy, rent a room for self at a hotel and sneak him in? Figure out when he could come. Public transit? You get him and bring him for weekend? Spend the time it takes to negotiate what is in front of you, if it works, awesome, if it doesn’t, at least you tried to keep it going!
The laws will change when we change the government!
This^
Porn
She is a religious zealot, so not so much....
Congratulations!!! I remember what a relief it was when my straight marriage ended!
Bro, I grew up in Redneckistan, The best thing you can do is escape! I did it at 45, had I known what it would be like I would have gotten in the car and drove away at 17-1/2!!!! Get your boy, put him, the cat, and the valuables in the car and go!
#This^ Time to put up or shut up. Tell him you are into him all the way and down for it!
You put your hands on him, he forgave you and you can’t forgive him for your police record? You really do think it’s ok to beat the shit out of each other don’t you? Well it isn’t. You got what you deserved and you are bitter because he didn’t get a record? Good luck with that. You sound selfish and entitled. Time to get real bro. You argue with your words, concepts, and ideas, not your fists bro, and if you can’t get over catching a record, then maybe you need to go to jail where you can beat up the guys you fuck when they disagree with you and no one cares if you leave a mark. Grow up boy, winning is walking away. If he isn’t loyal enough, put him back in the sea and fish for a new one, but stop with your fists. Edit spelling
You aren’t ready. You don’t expect the same things as a forty year old from a hookup, and sex changes things. I was 12 when I had sex for the first time. He was twice my age. He said he loved me. He also groomed me for sex by showing me pornographic magazines like blue-boy and inches. There was no internet then. I remember being surprised because anal sex looked like it hurt, why would they do that? A twelve year old may desire sex, but they also need to feel loved, valued, and safe. As a sixteen year old, you won’t realize that having sex changes you, your feelings, and your hormone levels. You may not be prepared for the shame of male on male sex. I thought that I would enjoy having a blow job, I didn’t I felt weird, uncomfortable, and wanted it to be different. I wanted to be loved. I wanted to know that I was good enough to love. I became convinced that I was only worth something to others if I was willing to have sex with them. Years have passed, we are all different but some things are universal. You have the right to be safe. You have the right to end it at any time. You don’t have to do things you are weirded out about. But all of this is difficult for a youthful teen to negotiate with an older male. He may talk you into doing things you regret. If you meet him, use condoms. Don’t forget to say NO of things get out of hand. I am a father and I know your dad would like for you to be on equal ground with your first sex partner, not easily intimidated and controlled by a man 24 years older than you. No hate or judgment, just don’t get in over your head ok?
In the parking lot of a gay bar.
You don’t have to lie, you don’t have to be ashamed, you don’t need to announce it, or inform him of how much experience you have or don’t have. Just lead with your heart and let it happen bro. Touch him, be affectionate, treat him how you would treat you. When sex happens (and it will) don’t feel like you can do it wrong, you can’t. People love sex, sex is awesome, and even though people joke about bad sex they don’t try to give it back do they? They don’t turn down the opportunity now do they? Nope. So relax, you got this, just be real, don’t be scared of being vulnerable, and let it lead you where it goes! Good luck bro!
Denial, it’s the force dude! Trust and believe you are far from the only one! I had a morning after moment while nursing a hangover, the bar owner was a friend and told me I was really pushy and predatory to the males around me while drunk. This was complete one eighty of my sober personality and I was beyond embarrassed! Stopped drinking and love a sober life today!
Look, it’s done now, but you need to learn to make your actions and words match. If you wanna date a guy, you can’t break two dates in a row my dude. That action is saying, “you are not important to me”. In reality you wanna hang with your friend, but you had a prior thing. You need to honor what you say you will do and not just hang in the wind bro.
Congratulations on telling her. Keep it light, not something you need her help with so....
“Soooo, if someone is gay you say it’s ok to bully them? Unless They act “straight” in public? Because they aren’t entitled to the same rights, privilege and acceptance you are? Because they aren’t different then you? When did you come out bro?”
Ahmmmmm.... Crisco shortening, messy but works great, boyfriend used to laugh about using it and referred to sexy time as “frying chicken” &lt;blushes&gt;
In my experience the guys are not always a default to anal, or oral, but it is more of a negotiation. I don’t see the point in discussing size and position right off because if I like him, I will want to do stuff he wants to have/experience. Either way, anal with strangers is not a preference. They either accomplish some intimacy or it’s a firm “no”.
I found it much more intimate. Especially when topping. I really didn’t notice a huge difference in tactile feel bottoming, but did enjoy intimacy with naked dick, and if he was clean, I was fine with it. Topping was nigh impossible with a condom, so often barebacked him. Keep in mind I had lots of repeats, not a high number of sex partners, and so was lucky. I don’t recommend barebacking, I just know condoms were tough for me as a top. Alternatively I would penetrate with condoms. And then j/o when he was done. If it became a relationship, as it often did, my goal was to top bare.
“Thank you so much for violating my privacy. Please stop sharing my private thoughts with my siblings and the rest of the free world as if this is about you when it is clearly about me. These are not your monkeys, this is not your circus, we are not on speaking terms until you apologize and stop talking to others about my life, sexuality, or identity.”
Night clubs won’t let you in until you are 19, otherwise I would have said go downtown to B-bob’s or Gabriel’s (grew up in Pascagoula). Get Grindr, chat with other guys, don’t meet em at home, go to a public place first then if they are a good fit, look for a place to “experiment”.
Okay, let me be blunt, you are nowhere near ready to hookup like that. You are into kink but have (obviously) a little difficulty communicating. You say you established boundaries yet it wasn’t in line with your expectations, then the dude looses control of his buzz and goes to sleep while your working in his cock. You aren’t “so bad” but he was. You don’t invite someone over and then pass out while getting head. He should have gone to bed instead of inviting you to join him. Oh, by the way, You don’t accept limitations only to disregard them, and you don’t under any circumstances try to have kinky sex when you aren’t on top of your game.
Well, sorry man. I guess I came off rude or offensive. So the message is not that you did wrong, it’s that you took responsibility onto yourself when it belongs on him. He can’t stay up for sex, and you think it’s your fault for not blowing his mind with an awesome bj? Not so. He is at fault. Putting this into perspective, how many times have you fell asleep while getting head? What? Zero? Yeah, same. So you should be a little more confident and less sensitive if going to be hooking up was my point, but you know, do your thing. I also don’t hookup, use apps, and am in monogamous marriage so...what do I know right?
Can you reach your cock? If so, all is well, if not, you need a friend to help! My number is 867-5309 (Thank you for inspiring me to make a joke I actually laughed hysterically as I typed this) If you rest and do as doctor says, you will get well soon, so be a good patient and don’t hurt nothing else! Wish you well bro.
Thanks man! It was great to understand your point of view better! Dude should have been as courteous with you as you were with him and admitted being a shit host or shit partner ya know? But anyhow, you are probably a great bed bug, I know that guys who care about others usually are!!
If you are going to leave it in all day, better remove it every so often and relive. If it dries out it can be harmful to linings and tissues. I don’t use plugs just heard from a friend that this happened.
#threesome Dude, threesome, am I the only one that thought that first?
Gay yellow pages. This has been in place for years bro!
Hugs grandpa!!!!!! Thank you!!!!
Yeah, my jam is Classic rock and roll, and anything with dance chart cred.
I don’t have the experience myself, but I have known quite a few M2F trans girls in my life. They were cagey and shy about discussing genitalia concerns openly, but one on one they would tell me how they felt. They liked the femininity of cross dressing, they took hormones and enjoyed developing breasts, but they drew the line at bottom reassignment surgery. Most of my friends stalled there and continued to be intact down below and everywhere else they were female. This was largely because they enjoyed having orgasms, and they felt that the price was too high for bottom surgery to loose orgasms. They wanted to be loved. They wanted to be valuable. They weren’t different than anyone else.
He isn’t being real about his side of things. Tell him it’s time to talk with intimacy about his impulses, desires and motivations.
I’m saying it hasn’t changed for me either and I am north of you by at least twenty years. (Mine is roughly the size of a can of beer but also has a husband!)
First, super cute, gonna be somebody’s new obsession! Second, yeah honey, you are totally gay, roll with it, hookup or date a guy, all will be plain clear to you soon.
My first contact in gay life was a gay male triad. Polyamory seems fun until you realize you are playing with your heart and your love and it can hurt. Like an inequality, a threesome where they like each other more than you, poly relationships sound like lots of fun until they don’t. Monogamy and committing to each other can provide some insurance against fears of betrayal and cheating, so they appear less risky. Sad truth: to risk your heart is to risk it. No love is safe. Not every relationship ends, but your first one usually does. The only way to do love is trial and error, you can’t have the rewards of a relationship without risking the pain of it hurting you.
2nd born Son here.
So bro, your take away is to keep your own side of the street clean. **You** are tortured about what you did, not so much what he did. It’s a lot like infidelity or cheating. I’ve done it, it sucks, hurts me, sex ain’t worth feeling like crap, but there it is. That is how I learned not to do it again, right?!? Keep your hands clean, articulate what you want, treat him like you are dating you, and realize that it can’t be forever unless both of you want that. If you find a guy that likes being a couple then by all means go for it. But keep in mind life doesn’t go like you think it will. Mr. Right may not look like you imagined, and may have a lot more to do with his desire to be with you than his looks or prowess in the bed. Good luck, and stop looking back and talking about being punished. That shit is melodramatic and isn’t helping you!
Blood to blood exchange is how the virus propagates, so you are right to ask. However, the mouth is an extremely inhospitable environment and the virus is extremely fragile. HIV propagation under these circumstances has not ever been documented. It may be possible to pass HIV infection in this manner, but science and medicine have admitted that the risk is in very low percentages. (Not single digits, like 6% chance, but more like .04%) one chance in 2500 blowjobs. Anal sex presents much better odds for propagation. Nice warm area. Sex causes abrasions that allow microscopic tears in both penis and anus. Temperature much healthier for the virus (which does die almost immediately at room temperature), and so on and so forth.
Everything that is worth doing in life is difficult. Welcome to the struggle my friend. If you find that everything is hard, rejoice for tomorrow you will be accomplished and celebrated!
You need to connect with the two other friends and explain to them that they have betrayed their friendship, that they are cowards. Tell them that the friendship they had is over but if they apologize a new one can be built. Explain that to do what they have done makes them selfish and blind. Explain that the judgement you mete out upon others will be yours to face one day and that the betrayal they think is justified because him coming out made the feel weird is childish. Explain that this is the one and only time you will ask for their apology, and that if they do not you will never contact them again. I am not military, but every year you guys get together and they can’t deal with the gay thing? Tell them to man the fuck up, he doesn’t ant their dick, he just wants to know they love him for who he is not who the lie says he is. I mean for real? Combat was no problem but don’t admit to sucking on a penis cuz we can’t deal? What a pussy. By the way: grats in your friendship, that was a princely thing you did.
Why did he get so angry unless you caught him lying? Actions speak louder than words. What did he do? Got caught, wasn’t like, oh yeah, I know, it’s fixing to be deleted, yeah we talked about and I should have already done it, no worries. How did he act? Got caught, blamed you and walked out. Dude is fucking someone else. Up to you, be a doormat and relive this again and again or....Insist on integrity next time. Would you have done this to him?
Sounds like she liked the attention and wants to keep you as a backup.
Look, you don’t have sex, he stages fights so he can have an excuse to act out, both are flirting in Grindr, and you think it’s your fault? No it isn’t, but this has run its course. Ask him and he will probably agree, time to move on.
https://images.app.goo.gl/ynbnokNMFju5U7Eh8
This sounds like some really young teen drama to me. You guys may be 24 but you are all acting as if you are 15. If you have a chance at happiness take it, but if this guy is just a game playing drama queen I would avoid all the toxic crap. You know him, and you have been with him, ask him if he is ready to get real or if he is just trying to swing on your dick for a few months.
Just stumble over it, I think it’s fucking adorable!
You have to use coping strategies and skills to relax anyway. Like when you hear about someone scared of heights saying “don’t look down”. Being at a party in the crowd, scared and anxious and you zero in on one person and let the crowd melt away. You have to game the system.
Let’s be logical. You are gay, gays often don’t get the standard upbringing that str8s do. Why is that important? Because they were playing “boyfriend / girlfriend” in 4th grade, whereas gay boys are playing catch-up as late as college or after. So they learned at age 12 that relationships are negotiations and compromise by trial and error and social cues with helpful instructions from family, church friends, teachers etc etc. none of this happens in gay growing up. So you crush at 20 or 19 and you aren’t twelve. Twelve year old boys don’t really feel quite as much hormone instinct or urge for coupling, which is the right time to model relationships so you can learn, but we are all blissfully ignoring our sexuality because momma would have a stroke and no one wants to live with Auntie Cat Lady. You don’t get to control him because of your needs, you know that much, but you also really need to focus on hunting up someone new. It’s that simple. But elusive for gay boys. Because everyone is a teen adolescent and wants to fuck everything twice a day.
Start with a kiss. Sex is totally awesome, but also daunting at first. Use your words and find a guy who isn’t afraid of a relationship with you. You will be quite comfortable “ditching the bitch and making the switch” after you have found out how much fun it really is to be with a guy and in love. It’s like suddenly God let you see color! The whole world just comes into focus.
Let me give you some advice bro, if you want to date women, and you are a nice guy, and they don’t pay any attention, then you need to quit giving two fucks what they think. The straight guys I know who are real successful only pay attention to what a woman says when she is removing her clothes. You need to quit being so “nice” ( your words not mine ). You want some sex? Better just ask for it bro, contrary to rumor, women can’t read minds nor figure our what men want or every birthday would be booze, cigarettes and some pussy. Stop giving a fuck. Stop worrying about it. The less you care and the more often you ask for it, the more often you will wind up inserted into her vagina. If you are straight the go do that. If not go to a CD bar and try not to get molested by the girls!
15
Everything. Dogs, kid, house, cars, clothes, food, money, you name it. We don’t share shoes, cuz my feet are bigger than his, we don’t share caps because he doesn’t ever wear them, and we fight good natured over who is going to the kitchen for coffee while lying in the bed. (Other one gets coffee in bed see?) We don’t share phones, although we do use each other’s but he is a droid/galaxy user. Me and the kid are iPhone people.
Yep, have experienced quite a bit more homophobia from family than I would bet you have. My point, that you ignore, is that by doing what they ask now he can buy time to get stability and keep living and attending school with help. I suggest you keep an open mind and realize that your view of the world isn’t the only one there is.
Stop throwing rocks at me because I don’t think like you or agree with you. You can have a different opinion, but yours isn’t fact, so stop acting like it is.
Ok, let’s break this down: I am fifty one and am married for ten years and counting to my husband. I was forced back into the closet at fifteen after parents discovered a gay sexual relationship. I was forced into gay reparative therapy, married a woman, had a kid, came out at 25, and blew up my family. I “might” know more about that danger then you figure that I do. You and I both agree that what his family is doing is wrong. Where we diverge is what to do about it. You advocate for burning the relationship with family and using student loans to pay for college. (This will work-but is expensive and also polarizing, it takes years and can be difficult to deal with fallout from demanding they accept it. It does protect op from the danger you outline) I am advocating listening to them and trying to buy some time. I think that the dad may be a lot closer to some limited acceptance (or giving in/up) than the scenario you lay out. After all, pops was about to purchase an apartment or condo or something for his gay son to live separately from the family. Keep in mind that you are only changing the argument from OP’s perspective, his family will be in his life (even negatively) anyway, so burning bridges has consequences. My opinions aren’t sacred here, been wrong before, probably will be wrong again. I’m not really here to convince you of anything, I was viewing OP’s problem and offering my opinion, just like you. In short, this is reddit, you are the one who is hurling insults, that doesn’t make you correct and me incorrect, it just makes you an internet bully. (I seriously don’t know wtf teletubbies have to do with anything)
Thank you! One of the keys for me is that time is only moving forward, so look forward to tomorrow! Same to you my friend!
Yeah. What’s normal is what happens. You know? I had to deal with bad shit from my past and the last thing I needed was a value judgement. I think you are fine and good. It is what it was, been over for years, time only goes forward not back, so keep eyes going in Direction of travel! Edit spelling
Every one of us has played straight before, just thinking out loud.
A
&lt;blush&gt; I guess so!
&lt;raises hand&gt;
I do t really have a preference for what tool you use, but connect with other men interested in sex. Life is way too short to spend large blocks of it in unintentional celibacy.
Poppers are an inhaled chemical that produces a short lived feeling of euphoria. They also relax the smooth muscle system temporarily. The people are saying it is mental because you didn’t take them. Your partner couldn’t have given you popper effects by sucking your cock, only by holding a vial to your nose and telling you to inhale.
Commando.
Cuddle with him and talk often about sex and feelings. “What do you feel when we do “x” then “I feel _____ when your cock is in my mouth. I feel _______when your body is touching me. Take the focus from the “what” to the shared experience. As the intimacy becomes the focus, sex will follow. Remember that sex is a shared experience and goal. So unless both of you are interested in sex, it won’t be a shared goal. Ask him what he feels and how he sees the shared intimacy. Ask him how to become closer.
&gt;”I wish I hadn’t logged onto Grindr” This means you think some things: You think you are in love with him, and you think he was in love with you. You think you were in a monogamous relationship for eight months. You think the relationship ended because of your actions. **None of that is true.** You loved him, he loved himself. He placed his desires above yours in the relationship. You were faithful, he was seeking others. When you objected, he lied and said it didn’t matter. Then he ended it, by himself, unilaterally, so he could pursue what he wanted. You have to grieve, you need to process, stop lying to yourself though. He wasn’t a knight in white shining armor doing all the right things, he was already looking for the way out and had no reaction like you did. You do need to grieve, you need to see him for what he is and who he is and how deep the deception goes.
Just call her up and cancel. What’s the big deal? “My friend Reggie called, we gotta go take care of something during the time I planned to meet you.” If she reschedules then it was a date and you need to excuse yourself and exit stage right pretty fast.
Thank you! I do feel for OP and hate that he has had this experience!
Not my type, but that isn’t what the election is about.
No worries
The really surprising thing to me is the long term lying coupled with the clear and present “It won’t happen again” frame of mind while at the same time he isn’t willing to allocate remorse. “I killed us, but I love you and want badly to save us” is really missing. Three years of deception during an active STI and he doesn’t have the necessary self discipline to accept total responsibility and discuss it? He is still entitled and narcissistic? “It won’t happen in the future” leaves me unimpressed. Why do you stay? What is the win? Do you know for a fact that counseling has been fixing your communication? I’m sorry for being so critical. I love being married and hope to save them, but it takes two, has he showed up yet?
My man is ten years older than I am. He doesn’t text and when he does it is totally lame. He talks. Holds hands. Idk he just doesn’t use tech the same way.
It’s time to have that discussion. As painful as it is. You need to state what you want him to do to save it. He needs to compromise on your expectations for him. Have that talk. “I need you to apologize for lying and value what I value about us. Our sex life, our connection. If you would have left, why should I stay?”
If you can’t forgive him and move on, that is on you. (I know this hurt you but that was in the past, how long can you relive it until it destroys you?) I know that you love him and are considering staying. What has to happen is that you respect your decision. Do YOU value being with him and building a life together? Or are you still wounded and betrayed? Let me put this another way, you ever broke a confidence? Have you made mistakes? Do you have gratitude that he still loves you with your faults? If you don’t move forward to why this makes sense, you and he will not be on the same page. Did you go to counseling as well? It’s hard to stand by a man that lies and cheated. It has to be real, it has to be genuine, it can’t be counterfeit. “I forgive you” isn’t the same as saying “I feel broken, and can’t find my way to our future.” He can’t fix YOU. You have to do that. If staying is your plan, then you have to do that work. When we moved 2600 miles I caught him sexting and planning to hookup. I was destroyed. He couldn’t teach me to let it go and find the value in staying for me. I had to see that forgiving him was the right thing for me. It totally was. I am not perfect, have flirted and shit, if I had drank at gay clubs would have probably cheated. Today I don’t drink. I don’t have a false idea about what I want or my worth. He and I love each other and I am glad to have him as my husband. Can You get there from where you are? I hope so cuz it seems like you love him just can’t get past the betrayal.
Not now, but years ago dated a handball queen. Every fucking time he got horny it was more science experiments than mutual passion. Sigh. Can you imagine sticking your fingers, wrist and arm up to and past your elbow into another dudes asshole? Not my horny thing, in fact; not my monkeys, not my circus, dude, ain’t I supposed to have a good time too? as I got a little older I just said “no”
So you need to be aware that everyone has embarrassed themselves. Perhaps not in this way, but we all have. When I was 14 my parents discovered a sexual relationship with a man who was 24, their friend, and who was staying at their home on weekends. (~1982) It was a terrible outing and it was way before I was ready. I survived it, am happy today. I admit I, like you, was suicidal, but temporary problems don’t benefit from permanent solutions. If your social media sucks, delete your accounts and erase your presence on them for a time. Tomorrow brings a new day, and families will deal with homosexual sons in time. Remember that nothing is worthy of your suicide, all pain is temporary, and I love you son! You don’t need to take this shame to heart, you will come through it!
( I am gay and proud; change my mind. ) I would say that turning yourself into a straight man is two things. Impossible and unrewarding. It isn’t easy to be straight, it isn’t easy to be gay. It isn’t easy to be male or female for that matter, black, brown, Asian, white, they all come with unique challenges. If you think that there are no benefits to being gay, then how can you attest that straight is better? Sure the straight boys don’t put up with being called names like gays do, but there are always challenges.
I am a touch male-centric. Don’t really feel as if I need to have female friends. I have them, but they are not as numerous, not as deep, nor as close as my male friends.
Some guys make gay friends, and have friends like women do, where they are long term besties. Some guys are a little more self centered. If they can’t fuck you, why bother? Now these type of guys often have conversations seldom go deep, rarely discuss values, but tend to be more superficial until the hook comes and he tries to get laid. If you want more gay friends, try being a touch “interested” and see if that makes it easier. Many men love attention, perceive it as flirting, and enjoy the back and forth negotiating leading up to sex, give that to them and see what happens.
“Has a gay dude ever hit on you before or would this be the first time?”
Well, that’s not normal...... Time to see a urologist dude.
866-488-7386
#THIS^ Notable survivors of suicidal impulses include more than you know: The man credited with saving Great Britton from Hitler’s war machine **Winston Churchill**. **Michael Jackson** **Billy Joel** **Walt Disney** **Elton John** **Halle Barry** **Dianna Princess of Wales** **Johnny Cash** **Oprah Winfrey** **Ozzy Osbourne** And yes, although not famous, I am successful! So.... **Bodyguard8367**
Text him a nude pic
It’s really easy to get caught up in an underage friend group. They often fuck their friends (IKR?), they often are not as experienced so are less critical of employment, success, so on. Making friends with same age friend groups can be harder because success is more evenly distributed. They have home, car, similar challenges, et cet. compared to your life. It’s easier to impress younger than same age.
I meant “under your age”, not “underage”. LoLz!
My husband and I both identify this word as a serious insult. Maybe it is because of all the times it was hurled at us when we were kids.
Hate has always been there, but trump has made it fashionable again.
Your face isn’t the problem. Your mind is what believes incorrectly that you are not good enough, you are.
Just because it feels right proper scary doesn’t mean you will regret it. When I fell for my husband it was like being on fire; totally fun but afraid it would consume me. Guess what, fire still burns, no damage, risk it son, it might be true!
What is this guarantor you speak of? It sounds like you Have been manipulated into signing a credit liability for someone you barely know. Is he a con man? If you don’t know him well, then what are you doing and why?
Ahhh. It means something totally different here. (Financial guarantor). I would have straight up put it in his frame: “Dude, how am I supposed to seduce you if you aren’t here? Lolz” But realize I am extremely extroverted, most people are not comfortable with putting this much of their feeling and self on display. I have a tremendous willingness to say what I mean, damn the consequences, and usually engage on intimate levels pretty quick. But that’s me. So for you, I don’t really have a sense of his interest or intentions regarding you, so I would bet the farm. (Again it’s who I am). Text him; “when you coming back over or did you just use me for a guarantor “ This way you get feedback. I like to know how others feel about me so fasten your seatbelts I tend to ask you.
Sent five messages; you ignored all of them?
I would suggest you be specific. “Wanna have sushi tomorrow at 8 with me? My treat and my fave place, we can meet there.” http://uchusushi.com/
Thank you.
Don’t talk to just anyone Son....Everyone has an agenda, yours is to get attention, gay interaction, theirs is much more mature and sexual. Be cautious what information you give them. No real names, locations or other methods to contact you without a very good reason. If they really won’t leave you alone tell them you are telling your parents, and then tell a trustworthy adult, but remember that you can stop it anytime you want to. Just log off. Does all that help?
u/silverlakebob thank you for posting, I enjoy reading your stuff!
Your use of “IRL” betrays your truth: You’re not “the man” you are simply “the mouth”. No one on this sub gives two fucks about your entitled misguided opinion, your own self importance, or the value you place on others who are different.
#This^ Get A Cock Whisperer
Dude this is so simple, who are you most attracted to, and what do they wear? Use your sexy eye to guide your way.
Yes, and fear is natural. It’s ok to be afraid. It isn’t okay to be paralyzed by it. Channel it into action. Eight years ago I move 3600 miles. You make new friends, you find new places, you become more interesting. It’s awesome!
Sit down with him and explain it. Tell him you want it to stop forever, and that it shouldn’t have started, and that either he controls himself whole sober and drinking or you will end it.
In the early days of the eighties, the largest cities in the USA were ground zero for the virus. San Francisco CA, and New York NY were where the medical community first became aware that something was very wrong. People, (almost exclusively homosexual people) were getting sick and dying within weeks and months. Medical response was slow because the government (Ronald Reagan) took the position that it was not an epidemic because it was limited (they thought) to homosexual persons. They called it "GRIDS" Gay Related Immune Disorder Syndrome. They didn't know what was causing it. It took research to isolate the HIV retrovirus that was causing the cascade failures of the immune system. This took money, and a world wide concentrated effort. Even then it was something like two years before they isolated the Human Immunodeficiency Virus which was causing everything. So yes, in the beginning people didn't know they were positive until their T-cell count made them sick. By that time, the cascading effects of "full blown AIDS" made their survival a tenuous proposition. Mostly the previously fought off viruses came back and ravaged their already weakened immune systems. People died, some very quickly, some not so quickly. As time went on, and advances were made, living with HIV became possible. Back in the eighties, most men diagnosed with HIV were terminal, they cashed in their life insurance policies, they began preparing for the end. Some survived. But many didn't.
Six months. But....we were both really pretty sure. That was ten years ago now, so it was right!
Face to face, be blunt and honest. Do not attempt to spare their feelings, just try to get to the key issues. “I don’t want to do this anymore”.
Well yeah, it’s gonna be awkward, feel like shit, and be painful. But that is what happens when it has to end. Going for real communication and showing up face to face gives the other person closure and let’s both parties “clear the air”. It isn’t short term easy, but it keeps from leaving a path of dead bodies in your wake. It keeps a “wound” from getting “infected” and it allows people to have a clear message to remember why and how it ended. Just because you have to break up with him doesn’t mean you don’t care for him or won’t grieve for loosing the relationship. But sometimes two people don’t really want similar things and can’t really work together. Letting him go too softly sends the message you don’t really want to end it. So get together, and bluntly tell him it’s over, let him process anger and loss. It’ll really hduo
No. He isn’t too old for you. My husband is eight years older than me, and it impacts things, but not tremendously. Key elements require keeping an open mind, he is less politically motivated than am I, and about different things, he says that he likes home decor to be masculine, minimal, and spartan, no bric a brac or Knick-knacks. He is devoted to our dogs, never had a child so dogs get spoiled badly, but he accepted my son. (I have a special needs son from a previous marriage) No matter what the differences are, they must be navigated. Even if both of you were 25 there would be opportunity for one to be conservative, other to be liberal, or one skinny, the other hunky, or long hair and alternative and the other short hair and straight laced. Age is just one thing, in general, opposites attract, especially if you agree to disagree on some things.
So over time, as you enter adulthood and experience relationship with another man, and eventually experience sex with others beyond just one man, your perception of what sex is, and more importantly, how you should feel about it, will change. I was a tender hearted kid, I had sex and fell hard, pretty much head over heels in love. If a guy was dumb enough to fuck me, I followed him around like a puppy dog. If he wanted to ‘just have some fun’ or just wanted sex from me, I was incapable of NOT attaching emotional importance to it. How could we be so intimate and loving with sex and he not want it to continue!?!?!?!? Well, sometimes guys just want to fuck. They don’t really want to deal with the complications of a love relationship. There are many different levels, some defy description. The key is to listen and be patient. Also, my first time (and many after) were with a much older man who was a pedophile and I was way too young to appreciate or understand what was happening to me. The first time in retrospect is more about anticipation than it is about regret. In ten years it won’t matter who was your first, it won’t matter who you ‘gave’ your first time to, it will just be information.
I’m glad. Good luck in your new relationship!!
Legal determination of discrimination is not what it might seem to you, it isn’t subjective “as such” and isn’t up to individual determination, but is based on tort. Having said that, I don’t think it matters that one group gets a pass and another gets heavily discriminated against. In a violation worthy of investigation and action, the legal issues will be clear, not opaque, regardless of other people being present with or without involvement. So fear not, make your submittals and let it get investigated.
Max Klinger is a character from a sitcom named M.A.S.H. Starring Jamie Farr. It isn’t accurate that I know of.
\&gt;"but there are times when it is transparently neurotypical. He verbally interacts in a profoundly neurotypical fashion." Precisely. Although he does do one HELL of a job, AND I am thankful to see it being made and portrayed!!
#LoveBeyondFlags Love from Portland Oregon USA!!!!
&gt;I want to keep on living.... And live you must! Make a decision to end it. Decide that you say “I’m done”. Decide that if he took you back you wouldn’t go. **YOU** break up with him and make the decision that don’t want to be with him. Now we concentrate on building a routine. Put your life in order. Stop obsessing over it, spend some time getting back to basics and rebuild your life. It’s ok to grieve, self care is good, you will miss him, cut ties, end it, and sleep enough to rest. Obsess over getting to know you!!
You have to correct your thinking. That is the challenge. Until you realize and vocalize the truth that your size isn’t an issue it will continue. Not everyone has a 7 inch shlong. Do you really believe your life is incomplete or better because your dick isn’t bigger? I get that you want it, hell I do to. I want a gym bunny body but alas I am an ectomorph in thought and reality. So is my life really worse because I am not a skinny muscle bound Adonis? Actually no. I lead a rich rewarding tapestry that fills the world with color, and lore. I am loved, desired, in marriage, and by others. So forget about focusing on the measurement, try getting to the root of your issue, what do you think will improve by having another inch of penis? I am betting it just doesn’t change much. Most people won’t be shown the goods unless you are a nude model?
NTA- outed by his own brother at school, yeah, this isn’t an issue for the bf or for the public. Sometimes the grudge goes deep.
The key element in therapy that separates the successful treatment from the failed treatment is ***WORK***. That is the only way to improve. You can’t attend therapy and expect to get better. You have to do something! So get back in therapy and make it count!
“ Wakey wakey, hands off snakey. “
Hugs bro!!! Sorry it ended, chin up!!
Chemical solution that off gasses volatile flammable vapors. (Compare to gasoline, alcohol, paint thinner) When sniffed gives users a lightheaded effect somewhat similar to a rush or nitrous oxide. Physical responses include relaxation of the involuntary muscle system (sphincters). Duration is momentary, so must be reapplied. Side affects are minimal but can include temporary loss of sight, headache, and dizziness. Edit: additional As drugs go this one is tamer than weed. I have used them a few times it is not that big a deal to try it but like any drug, overindulgence can have serious consequences.
Look at it this way - if he was going to be negative about you, much better to avoid sex completely! So bullet dodged!!!!
“It has nothing to do with youth, or sex, or age, I know people who are in their fifties who’s gay relationship /marriage is strong”
#This^ No preconceived notions!
So like all things worth doing, **it is a journey**. One won’t arrive the same way one left the station and getting to know “ **🌈YOU** “ is the real part of acceptance that will sustain you. There is no shame in being gay and when you don’t feel any, you have arrived at the station and may disembark!
Well, there are some things you should know: **ONE:** It doesn’t really matter what kind of porn you watch. If a guy watches gay porn it means he likes it but doesn’t mean he wants to do it. There is a big difference in between jerking off over porn and sleeping with another person. **TWO:** Grindr use doesn’t make you gay, it means you are seeking male sexual encounters. **THREE:** other people won’t “know”. They can’t “tell”. It isn’t like going for a swim in a pool that changes your skin color, most people have absolutely no idea how you feel about other guys even when you think they do. Sex with another guy does change you, but it is mostly inside and is about how You see Yourself, not about how others see you. **FOUR:** There is no such thing as being bad at giving a blowjob. The range goes from novice (guy with braces made my dick bleed but I didn’t stop him cuz it was head), to grateful (I’m just glad he thinks it’s a lollipop), to marriage (how da fuq does he do that....omg I’m cumming!!) Just relax, sucking cock is one of life’s greatest pastimes! I never met a penis I didn’t like.
Find a NA or CMA meeting and go. It is amazing when getting to be in the presence of others who understand.
It’s totally normal to expect someone you fuck around with to date. They have no desire to do so or wanna keep their options open then sometimes yeah, you have to break it off to show them that the dick comes with a price. I don’t think it’s selfish, you aren’t willing to settle for just sex...his loss.
My husband and I are eight years apart, we have ten years together and going strong. Don’t sweat the gap!
I love to swallow. Let's go with that.
No, it makes you “pleasured “
Yeah, no worries. My husband works in Drug and alcohol rehabilitation in the non profit milieu. He has a history of alcoholism from his past so is extremely effective at his work, and as you can guess, not extremely well compensated. I generally bring home double to three times what my husband does. As we have met and gotten to know other social work professionals, we have understood the credentialing and licensing boards for social work, counseling and similar often are driven by education. A masters or PhD are often the gateways to the elevated credentialing that is the top tier. In most counseling organizations the gateway to administrative and policy positions is a masters or PhD. My husband only completed high school and a year of college. His licensure was much more difficult to credential and required many more hours of work (1000 vs 100) to certify. To be a supervisor over clinical staff a masters is almost just a requirement. Also keep in mind that the nonprofit world is usually funded by grant writing rather than private donations. (There are notable exceptions but speaking in general terms). Grant writing is a rather specific skill, much like compliance with FAR and DFAR that is the language of defense contracting. Interpretation and preparation of successful submittals for grant applications requires professional skill, and is the basis for funding. Also bylaw, organization and hierarchy are often modeled after government. A graduate degree is surely not required, but without one, penetrating the bureaucratic and compliance issues needed to support the protocol of interface for government supervision and compliance can be daunting. Corporate governance is equally difficult in organizations of significant size, but in NGO, nonprofits, and similar organizations, I would think an advanced graduate degree would be more of a requirement for rising through the ranks and becoming a leader.
“FEELS LIKE” is not equal to “REALITY”, while it may seem that he has all the power, no one can take away your power, and only you can give it away. It takes two persons to make a relationship. Either can end it by saying “enough”, either can ask for time to figure things out, either can demand a reset. So he is saying that he wants to sell his business, have a child, and move, and you aren’t sure if he wants to get married or breakup. Why don’t you explain that if he wants to be successful in life that building a relationship is one way to do that, but it requires compromise and agreement in decision making. Explain that selling a business may seem to be successful and lucrative, but being a successful entrepreneur is not the same thing as starting a family. Business entrepreneurship is not the same as raising a family. Family growth is often supported by a working spouse whose employment can provide insurance and steady funding to the couple’s efforts to raise a child. Also mention that any decision made by two people is usually better than a unilateral one. Ask him while he is ego tripping about his future if he actually thought so little of you that you would just sit by while he flushed your relationship down the drain? Explain that you think it’s time he asked your opinion, because you might not be willing to listen to his anymore.
If you don’t find a way to get honest with him you will only become more angry over time. I suggest you cancel the dates and speak to a counselor to help you boy work out what is going on, **him** for talking about and ACCEPTING that your partner is a bit more than a sex toy and that sex is more negotiation and compromise than ordering off the menu, and **you** for not communicating, not sharing your fears, truth and not being forthcoming with honesty. I don’t think you can stomach an open marriage; it isn’t who you are.
If he let you walk away instead of coming out to his family then it isn’t about them, it is about his fear. He will not change, don’t forget this is who he is, closeted and afraid and willing for it to end before letting the secret go.
How often have you noticed that what people say is often motivated by what they want, or what they think you want to hear, rather than tied directly to their actions. He verbalizes "I miss you" but his actions are not to come home till 7pm. What is he doing? Working out? Having Drinks? Flirting? Sex? --You are not there and do not know, so always watch what people DO rather than what they SAY. When he shows back up tell him this: "Your actions are speaking so loudly I cannot hear your words."
Do you feel guilty?
Well NOLA, Dallas and Houston all have the humidity, maybe ATL? if not, then Chicago IL, Detroit MI? DC, NY &amp; LA, are on the expensive end. I love the weather in the PNW (Pacific North West) try Portland, Seattle, or Vancouver BC.
GRIDS, then AIDS, then Ronnie Raygun doing nothing while a generation died. Everything gay became hated again, just when we were winning the struggle for rights. All of a sudden we were not accepted and our existence was debated. Let them all die, they deserve it. Was the rule of the day. Safe sex and free condoms were everywhere and still people died. Guys would get diagnosed and cash in their life insurance. the whole DOMA was passed and gay people were loosing ground. It was t a happy time.
Thank you! You are correct !
Same!
Chores shared together are amazing!
Go with friends if you plan to get wasted. It’s really easy to pour on drinks and not realize when you have reached your limit.
Lots of dudes don’t want their partners to have sex, even recreational sex, with others. It is not how everyone feels, but some are just like you!
Mabel’s Beauty Shop and Chain Saw Repair
Head high, shoulders back, warm smile, and have some arm candy. Let that fool see what he is missing.
It isn’t easy or simple, but you will find your way. Coming out can show the kids that it doesn’t matter. It can also lead to unpleasantness and / or cost you your job. Think it through and think about the things that you may regret. Then make a decision. I would come out. I don’t hide, because I don’t want to be afraid or ashamed of who I am. I often just kick it right out there and let it become the non-issue it is.
It isn’t fapping if someone else is doing it amiright?
It is not that it takes so much time as much as it just takes a combination of the right guy, the desire, and an opportunity. Anal sex when done right isn’t hard, isn’t painful, and isn’t dangerous. But it seems all those things because most young guys are scared of it. It isn’t painful for every guy, but it is for some. Discomfort would be a more apt description. Putting something inside your butt is a bit stressful until you get practice and know that you won’t get hurt. Compare it to drinking or doing drugs, you might fear what is going to happen but after a few times, it’s no big deal right? Read erotica, get horny for it. Having the right guy makes a lot of difference. Having the right desire makes a lot of difference. Being in a relationship where there is no “momentary” rush or you get to “take your time” makes it much easier to deal with. Try to relax and remain turned on. When someone enters me I usually get as hard as Chinese Arithmetic. I like to be in control so usually ride on top but sometimes do missionary, but it’s a shared goal. Everyone wants things to go well. So relax and open think open! Above all remember this: face your fear, anal is really intense but an awesome feeling! Edit spelling
Six of one, half a dozen of another. Totally up to you. At the end of the day it’s just a blowjob; how hard can it be?
They just thirsty.
Same!! “**Move Bitch, get out the way**”
Gather some resources. Do you have any friends from back home country that are gay? Any countrymen that can explain to him that this is a futile attempt to force your parents to accept you? Explain to him that like the sharia law customs and traditions that govern conservative Muslim countries, some cultures have pervasive traditions that persist even today. Honor killings for instance; Afghanistan cultures in rural areas still endeavor to protect their family honor in society. Young women are murdered by their family for transgressions the west would not even blink over. The traditions behind religious families observance of their marriage customs may not allow them to accept you being gay. You have to do the hard work to communicate with your fiancé and let him have a chance to understand why you feel the way you do. If after you have tried to convince him, he will not yield, then consider the loss of your family. If you cannot come out for fear of loosing them, perhaps loosing them isn’t the worst thing ever? Or sacrificing the marriage? I get that it sucks, but put your cards on the table and try to make him understand.
Buttplug
When I was fourteen a cable installer came to my parents home to connect to the cable network. I was so attracted to him I just wanted him to let me gobble him up!
You can burn it down you know. You don’t need his permission. Just saying the truth. I have a limit. We all do. Cross it at your peril. There comes a time when I become convinced that it is no longer a shared journey. Next is the vacuum rushing in where you though I was, because I will no longer be waiting. I will be so gone, so moving on. I had a live in boyfriend who placed his friends over me. I worked days and shift work (construction) punching a clock, he was a nighttime security guard. I would get home, fix supper, eat, pay all the bills, he would constantly borrow money, had his unemployed friends visit, and then when I would fall asleep he would go out clubbing with them. One day I came home and he was being snotty and I lost it. I told his worthless friend To go wait in my bf’s car, and I told bf: “pack a fucking bag and give me some time to figure out if I even want you to be part of my life”. I slept on it and put him firmly out of my life.
Pull the handle, watch it go down the drain, this one needs more training, he ain’t ready.
It isn’t normal or average or necessary that you are anything. Each relationship requires its own unique solutions that support and defend it. For some that means outside sexual experiences and for others it is unthinkable.
Have a conversation with him. Share with him your fears and your worries. Explain that you want him to participate in a relationship with you and that you would want to live together, spend time together and go on dates. Don’t expect him to leave his marriage, but ask him about what he want and explain what you want. The goal here is to have honest open communication. It’s scary because it can hurt if your partner doesn’t want the same things or doesn’t feel the same way about the future. Perhaps a compromise can be had. Perhaps you find out that he is into sex, but doesn’t want to destroy his family. Maybe you and he can be honest about what would be an emotional compromise that involves dates and sleepovers or something. Try not to be dramatic and listen to what he says, try not to manipulate him and try to be fair. Good Luck!!
Touch it lightly, you don’t have nerves inside there..
Basic bitches be Basic.
I’m sorry it went badly, you got rejected. We all tend to take rejection very personally, it’s sort of how we are wired right? You might feel as if he was reacting to your attractiveness, or deciding not to go forward based on how you looked upon getting in the car. But fair truth, people always choose action or direction for their own reasons not for reasons that have to do with us. He may have been pretending he could do this while knowing in his heart he was afraid. Once you stepped into his car he couldn’t go through with it. I don’t think he found you unattractive, I think he just wasn’t able to close the deal. It’s not about you, and what he thinks of you really is probably not the deciding factor. Regardless, you have spent more time On him than he is worth, dust off and back to living your best life!! Edit autocorrect
Being gay isn’t expensive. Being entitled is. Spend your money with the same care and effort with which you earn it.
It was Thanks!
You have been quite honest already, it seems to me your affection is one sided, and he is now uncomfortable. Some situations require space and time to work themselves out, and sometimes reaching out can just escalate and exacerbate an already ticklish situation. Maybe you can speak to him, and maybe improve things.
Remove thoughts by speaking them.
Do not reward him for running hot and cold and being “unsure”. Be straight up bold, and demand the same from him before investing time He has for a date HFS
Practice and patience. It takes a little trust and intimate practice to learn how to get it done. Relax, you got to work up to it a bit? Playtime shouldn’t be an event you obsess over, should have fun no matter what right? Just have fun, you will be banging before you know it.
Sounds like he has a lesson to learn about how to draw boundaries. You are going to have to trust him to make the right choices for his life. Let it go, it’s not your business.!
Stop with your dumb shit. Your racism defense is ridiculous.
Exorbitant fees??? Maybe it’s time to seek more economical therapy. Typically you can find a range of providers that fit your budget? Typically insurance would pay some portion. Sliding scale providers allow your income to be a factor in setting the fee. How long does it take??? **Until you become willing to change.** Until therapy teaches you to do something different than you are currently doing. Typically six months of weekly sessions is enough to see a difference. How do I know if therapist is any good??? How good are they at drawing you out and establishing trust? If they inspire your trust then they are a good fit, you have to be able to listen to them and know they won’t judge or shame you. The whole goal of therapy is to interject a point by point change in perspective or behavior that precipitates new ways of functioning that cause less pain to patient. You should have homework. The therapist is your guide, you have to do the work. If you are unwilling to use the resources therapy offers to move in a different direction (see things differently or do things differently) then it will not be successful. Listening to a therapist and accepting a new point of view, learning how to be slightly different, those are the goals. You haven’t been doing it long enough, nor will it spark change without your participation. Good luck.
I do not know what paper you are referring to, nor where your homeland is, nor who “they” are that supposedly won’t allow you to do it, how what “it” is. You should put more factual detail in your comments?
Nope. Don’t think the average guy would do this. It’s more a tool for nude or anal photography and video. I would suspect that it would be a sex worker or pornography actor that would be involved in this. It isn’t just teeth whitening, and it isn’t like you can see your own anus every morning.
When you love yourself, other people’s approval isn’t necessarily needed. Take your parents for example: let’s say they are homophobic and don’t want you to be gay. That can harm and hurt you. But if you know for a fact that they are just ignorant, and that there is real truthful factual basis for your gay orientation, then that makes you golden and them stupid. I didn’t arrive overnight convinced I was right, it took years to shed the inner fear that being gay was wrong. Today, however, I know that anyone attacking me for being gay is tragically misinformed. Whether they change their mind to my way of thinking makes absolutely no difference. You cannot shame me for being gay because I do not think it is shameful. You cannot insult me on the basis of being gay because I am proud of who I am and what it took to come out and to be me. Like racism, black people are not ashamed of being black because they know they are equal to and just as human as every other race. Latino people do not regret being Latino, Jewish people do not regret being born Jewish. They regret that ignorant people are capable of persecuting them for it, but they are proud of their origins. As we are. #PRIDE🌈
Your choices are either to ignore, challenge, or educate. It gets easier with practice!
Educate, but I have a lot of practice at that.
Troll
So glad you could be there for him!! Amazing!!!
Dave wants to fuck when he is drunk. When he sobers up he will need a way out of the "OMG IM GAY" reveal. My advice, is keep it light, keep it loose, and if he wants it to happen, he will let you know when he is ready. Until then, don't be a predator, be a friend.
Just a few thoughts. Your boyfriend is acting threatened. So yes, despite your knowledge that "nothing is going on", he is acting "as if" he has caught you. One way you can encourage him to cage his behavior is to ONLY see this EX when you are with your boyfriend. Your boyfriend and yourself need to compromise. He needs to know that you care more about him than about EX. You have to talk with your boyfriend, find out how he is feeling, understand how he came to feel that way, and be willing to discuss compromise. &amp;#x200B; OR &amp;#x200B; You could overreact as he has done.
Work out, get swole, become a twunk!
The problem with Republican values is that they don’t have any. It is Christian Right wing Evangelical mixed with “Grab em by the Pussy”. It is “fuck Obamacare, let the poorer than us die, it’s their fault for not being rich”.
If this is how you treat your best friends I can’t imagine you have many. You need boundaries. Just because you have an open relationship doesn’t mean everyone else is fair game!?!?!?! You aren’t the orientation police, you don’t know how her boyfriend/fiancé equates sex to his orientation. It isn’t down to you to admit he cheated, that’ll be his choice. Last, don’t assume that she wants it to be over if he feels strongly about his cheating’
I know that feeling confused about orientation really is unsettling, I get that you are conflicted and looking for a “smoking gun” to settle the matter. There isn’t one. Eventually you will arrive at a place where it will become acceptable to let others think whatever the hell they want to, and you will happily date other men. You may not feel much attraction until you have experienced sex. If it is any consolation, many gay men feel conflicted during their teen years, and yes, you are gay. How do I know? Because I lived it too.
Get in touch with health dept or planned parenthood and tell them you have just been contacted by a recent bareback partner who says he now has herpes and ask for a test. They should accommodate.
I have a Prince Albert piercing. ( I also have seven tats, two right ears, and both nipples pierced) Currently I wear a captive bead ring 4 gauge in my cock. I have been asked to remove it for fellatio and for anal sex (I am a top~Vers). My husband is not inked or pierced and doesn’t understand my desire for the expressions **at all**. I explain that I have desired a PA and nips since I was in my early twenties and finally just gave in and did it, it has been great. Pain was a small factor. Secret fact - larger gauge piercings are more visible and more painful looking but are actually much more comfortable. Initial piercing for a Prince Albert was a hard stick and done, it was far more difficult to keep “hands off” during healing than to endure the initial stick. Bled a lot, was uncomfortable AF, but as I have come up in size, it gets more comfortable. My nipples love big dangly heavy rings. Can’t wait to come up to 6 ga. I am 4 in my right lobe and cock, and 10 ga in my helix. If you don’t like them, fine, don’t get them. But, if you like a guy who wants them, let him experience it, it magnifies sexual pleasure, it intensifies the bodies response. Like I said before, I wanted it for years before finally giving in, get it! You won’t regret it.
You are sufficient. You are unique, and the only one like you. You will only reach old age and long life inside the vessel you currently reside in, honor your temple, not for what it isn’t but for what it is. I am marvelously imperfect, imminently deserving of respect despite flaws. My body is a map from my origins to my destiny. I will not denigrate the journey. I will love me! Ily2
Damn, is he serious? Is this a notification not a negotiation? What is his motivation? How long have you guys been together? The last time me and my husband had a fight where someone threw out the “Divorce” as an option I told him I wasn’t ready to give up on our marriage yet. ***IS THIS DONE?*** If you can answer that question that can inform your next decision. You may not need to split assets, or money, so think for a few minutes about the next day, week, and month ahead. Transition from “US” to “ME” may involve moving. Ensure you will cover the next month’s expenses. Get St. John’s Wort to help with the blues (herbal natural antidepressant) and try not to drink. Remember to not be petty or revenge seeking, if this is the end, the quickest way to stop the bleeding is to stop cutting. This can and will change everything. Can you survive this? Financially? Emotionally? Do you have any time off that you can take to pull yourself together? Do you need therapy? A chaplain? Can you discuss this with a confidante ? So you need to manage your feelings and responses. You need to plan the next 24, 48 hrs. Get help as needed, meet with him to get the answers about direction, and tell your command. Don’t do anything stupid, stay connected to your friends!
So usually men who are more submissive do some mental gymnastics around their masculinity, roles, and behaviors out in the world. Kink identity is usually very instinctive. The first response to Dom/Sub interactions is often to flirt and then withdraw. Bold followed by reeling it back, fear is not rare. But it isn’t fear of him, but fear of self. Fear of meeting the real self, what that might mean, is it safe, and reconciliation of kink identity to personality. Submissive men often have to lead men in their lives. They may not feel like a “slave” outside the bedroom. It is usually very helpful to talk about the differences. Some men come to appreciate this dichotomy. Some get tattoos or piercings to show their difference between their role at work and role as a Dom/Sub. It helps to remember that most BDSM is fairly instinctive and not cerebral. It is your roles in the world that are cerebral.
Real cock is amazing, but the best blowjobs are usually given by guys who care enough to practice!!
Nope. Day to day, hour by hour, the differences are usually very mild. We all have to work, do laundry, cook, clean, and see to our needs. It doesn’t matter to my washing machine who I fuck. So I usually don’t fantasize about how their lives are better, I just arrange my tasks.
Hell yeah!!! Thanks Bro. Sending love from Portland
BDSM &amp; Kink communities are largely instinct driven. No value judgements are really made for submissive or dominant. Sometimes on the road you may change or lean one way or the other. Follow your instincts.
What if gender didn’t matter? What if roles didn’t matter? What if a Leather Daddy wears pink socks and unicorn underwear? Can he still be Dom? Listen bro, sometimes we have to accept things. Work within systems so we have “infrastructure”. A very good example of that is street and traffic law. No one is born knowing what a stop sign means or how to interpret a yellow light traffic signal, which side of the road one drives on, or a thousand other questions. Roles are used to describe behaviors. Genders are used to describe perception. Neither are walls or barriers. Flex your muscles and accept that you like what you Like and fear not for being less masculine or more feminine. Fear not for liking some abstract thing, after all you are not a yellow light. The roles and gender are there to provide us a way of expression. Your expression of these things defies reason and borders instinct. So own it brah. Fuck the naysayers and be who you are. Edit spelling
Bawk Bawk!
Hell yeah!!! Gonna fly one on my house !!
This really weird looking tall guy with see through underwear and nothing else. He wasn’t hot or sexy he was just nasty. Like riff raff from the rocky horror picture show.
What you guys argued about isn’t important, but you sharing your feelings could be pretty important. How do you feel about telling him that he hurt you because you wanted him to be into you more, not some chump. Tell him you are free but want him to commit, be serious about what you want. If you don’t ask for what you want, you probably won’t get it.
&gt;pops popcorn
The feelings are normal, actually doing that is insane.
This is cool to see our mods being supportive and I deeply appreciated that action!
Clothes: pick out items that you feel confident wearing. Grooming: extra time for special appearance Role play flirting with your friends: have an experience to relate, have some questions to ask, show interest, do not spend date on mobile phone. Flirting is the use of conversation to be playful, show sexual interest, share common interests, and share our personalities. It helps if we are slightly familiar with what we want to share (memories, stories, et cet) it helps if we draw out the other person. Blushing is allowed, embarrassing yourself is fine. Keep your eyes on him, smile a lot, don’t be so formal you don’t laugh, don’t be so casual you insult him or wound his ego. Be genuine. The best way to be is how you are. Don’t spend your date explaining why you are a reclusive antisocial gaymer, that’s a conversation for six months or more, not first date. Here are a few common subjects: fave foods, grocery shopping, pets, cars, jobs, drinks/drugs or no, fave pastime, biggest fear, largest triumph. Good luck B
TL;DR- You need not worry, the answer is a resounding yes! The rest of the answer: PTSD symptoms respond to treatment, and very little else. During your therapy, you ought to discuss your relationship ideas, I imagine any therapist can help guide more clear thinking on relationships and sex. Cheers mate all my best!
Get a gay tattoo that isn’t visible unless naked.
I have my nipples and my cock pierced that is another fun way to let ppl know you are “interesting”.
Meat Eater: Tube Steak
Hi, me and my husband are monogamous. We have been married for years too, every since it became legal. Don’t believe the hype, not everyone is hooking up.
Stay in your lane. Nobody wants to be told they are fucking up!
Why didn’t you go with him and get drunk too?
Magic 8-ball says: Drop it like it’s hot - no good can come from this.
Dude, Boyfriends are for applying lotion, and reminding you to vacuum regularly.
Nah brah, this ain’t the road to nirvana, this is questionable. How do you explain to a cop that “we got excited and cut too deep and he bled out, totally not my fault.”
I get really suspicious when someone uses “we” and “should” in the same sentence while complaining. All due respect: I have my own values. I post according to what I decide, not you. You do you, imma do me, we will both be tickled.
I applaud your comments, direction, and obvious commitment. My own thoughts immediately turn to my community, LGBT citizens and reddit users who often bear the brunt of much hatred and empowered hate speech. I admire that you want to integrate values into reddit moderation, and seek to know what your thoughts are about the hate speech I and my fellow gays endure to participate equally? Warmest Regards Richard O’Neil
Don’t go hog wild now, everyone wants sex, but it is like fishing, you kinda have to be patient till the fish bites or you wind up pulling an old boot up off the bottom. Everyone has HIV, period. Operate with that assumption and you don’t have to freak out and wish you could get a test. Drinking and hooking up is a bad combination, and don’t trust anyone who tells you you’re not good enough. As far as safety, it’s not that hard, only meet in places where there are other people. (Bars, restaurants, lounges, parks. See it’s a real fun idea to beat your meat while flirting and swapping dick pictures but then when you decide to stay in bed and ask him to come bang; now that isn’t safe bro, plan ahead to meet up at a public laundromat or the newsstand or someplace. That way you can walk away if he lies about who he is or what he looks like. You are going to meet some jerks, wear a condom, check to make sure they are (if you bottom) and try to have fun. Mmm
Hell Yeah!
You know, you really can’t get it wrong. There’s kissing, hand holding, cuddling, cuddling nekkid, and well, everything else has free instructional videos on the internet. Just google pornhub you should see some there.
Well, in that case I would rise above it all. I would be like, “what?” I will stand by the position that it is always better to be out than in the closet.
Why so sad lil’ Bro?
#TRUTH I have PRIDE and am not ashamed of who I am.
Yes.
You need to come out, this is for your own peace of mind. Tell them, then wait a week or two, and check them out. When you tell them, remember to get your needs met. Often LGBT will tell parents what they are without explaining what they expect. You should explain that this is for your own peace of mind, that it is your information and no one is to be told unless You tell them. Then explain that things have been this way for a long long time, and that they shouldn’t expect a lot of change, just a few things that have been hidden may no longer be hidden. Remind them you are an adult, with your own life to live, and must make your own decisions. After all, did you pick who they chose to fall in love with
How big are you down there?? You know average sized boys don't become porn stars.
Seduction, and restraint. When I was seeking to help boyfriends become more adventuresome I created safe spaces by ensuring them that nothing that would happen while we were naked would ever be something they would experience alone. You have to go with them. Together. Topping a guy isn’t something you do alone, you must bring him with you and teach him not to fear being adventurous. Show him. I often would bottom and do so vocally describing what was happening and how it felt. I would motivate exploration by showing them what was to be gained. So good luck and keep an open mind about doing new stuff together.
Guys with ambiguity around their sexuality do not inspire confidence. Gay dudes want a relationship, and fear being passed over, chosen as the "back up choice" when a girl is being difficult.
So what other choices would you propose? **SIDE** ? Would you also include “totally top but you’re not hot enough ?”
Hey, Relax and save tomorrow's problems for another day. It's good to be thinking critically about the Quran and your intersection of beliefs, faith, and practice of your chosen religion. It is awesome that your parents have the mind that they think you will never be sexually active with a guy. If they did know that you were "out of control" when thinking about sex with another male, they might be more confining and controlling. That is how they tend to be in the western Christian world. I would try to keep my privacy. Don't let your parents know your innermost desires, until they can't harm you with that knowledge. Don't let them know your innermost fears, until you are sure that you will be allowed to choose the life YOU decide will work for you and your practice of faith. I am 1000% sure that you would not be in a no sex relationship. It is much more likely that you would experiment with another boy or man, and then regret it. That is pretty much standard in our world. Most of the time when we become adult and live with each other we are used to feelings of regret and desire, and have taken steps to be able to have sex without experiencing any shame. Just try to remember that it is your life, your sexuality, and your religion. You will find a way to live with all three. Peace bro....B
Trust me on this, The Trump White House will NOT be coming for Seattle. No Way, No How. It would be MORE demonstration, not less.
\#this\^
It is very common. In all cultures. "if you are the guy I'm talking about, make the move!" I''m Waiting". IF you make the move he might reject you. But if you wait it is up to him if it ever happens. I fall on the side of having drinks, making a move, touching him, obtaining consent, and having sex. But that is how I have learned to be because I don't do "waiting".
*Banned not Band.
Hepatitis B can cause acute and chronic liver failure over time. (end stages of disease). The real deal is that much like the HIV virus that causes AIDS, there is no known treatment to end the Hepatitis B Virus Infection. So treatment is limited to dealing with health outcomes. Listen to your doctor. Pay attention to liver function symptoms. Get educated about what your lifestyle factors and influences are. A person cannot live without liver function, so treatment is around preservation of liver health. https://hepbmd.com/hepatitis-b-treatment
Congratulations!!!
This is beneath even a gay porn star.
Yes, but stay extra hydrated and do not drink alcohol. You can party once the infection is dead.
fuck off man.....this is just R O N G --Wrong.
REPORTED YOUR TROLLING TAIL.
Bro, Don't talk about self harm. I have survived two (2) suicide attempts and I know that life is worth living, and worth living with pain while fixing things. Good Luck Dude. Love you. &amp;#x200B; B
You can attempt it, but I am going to be real with you, Life is too fucking short to hate yourself.
Heteroflexible Top "loves to fuck" Yeah....nothing is safe. (goes by "pussykilla" and "Assbandit" to his friends)
#CRICKETS
Imagine a radio. It isn’t easy communicating with a one way device. How long would you keep a cell phone that has no functional microphone? My belief is they do not listen, all that is said is said “at you” rather than “to you”.
My Straight Friend ~~stole my heart~~ had no idea how to respond when I gave him my ❤️.
If you know your partner’s approximate dimensions then imagine that amount of water. Usually guys new to it try to flush out everything below their esophagus. It just doesn’t take much water. Put some in, push it out, repeat, fuck yourself silly. (20oz is a LOT)
Next time he does it, just ask him in front of his pals. “Does that mean just you or are we both going to pick up dinner? Do I need to make separate plans?”
How did you learn about this? I would be suspect of it reflecting his thoughts today.
Heaven, I was a giver of epic blowjobs!!!
Dude, don’t be that honest ok?
Allow me to cut to the chase.... If you don’t like blowjobs, what do you like? If guys aren’t asking that question, then they are trying to get their rocks off because they like giving head. (True story)
Tell his ass to show up on Friday with lube and a condom because you offered your bestie your exes ass and a bet is a bet. Lolz
Best of Luck!!!!
Sister (19F)
You can’t stop him, but you can join ranks with him if he jumps off a cliff. You have difficult times ahead with your family. If they seek to hurt him what will you do? Will you pretend to be on their side to find out their plans? Will you call the police if they go to far? What would you choose for the outcome to be ?? If you can’t control him then at least you can think through what might be coming.
IT IS HUGE. Title VII LGBT protection is "the holy grail" of LGBT rights issues. The current #BLM and #LGBT rights will only be strenthened by this decision.
American Southern Drawl
Why? What about it is a problem?
Well, you aren’t. World wide LGBT numbers are estimated at 450 million people. Think about that for a minute. USA has about 20 million or so.
I don't relate but respect it and can empathize. Hell Yeah.
I remember my first male kiss. It was shocking to smell so manly and feel stubble. It was very tactile.
Just report the profile.
I am sorry. It is ironic because I am and always have been into hot shirtless Asian men. Often the homophobia’s so real they don’t automatically think advances and flirting are legit.
Bring several condoms, bring lube.
Being afraid to have sex for the first time is normal. Not wanting to just have sex and wanting to be in a relationship are normal.
Gay camping = sex in a tent.
Sit down with paper and pencil. Write down what would be a perfect relationship. How would they treat each other, how would that treatment result in everyone feeling? Now compare that to what you are going through. Time to jet boy, this isn’t the omelette, just a few broken eggs.
Yup. Queer youth + apps = opportunity, molestation, sex for affection/self worth.
Well, none of that stricter law shit happened when I was growing up. And it was in the 70’a
This is just an awesome post!!!! Thanks u/wmkevinh
So I am 52 now. Years ago, when I was in my twenties, my aunt told me to go west. (I grew up near New Oreleans LA). When I was 45, I moved out to the West Coast for work, I had been recruited heavily and it looked like a good increase in compensation. Had I known how much I would enjoy it, I would have come out years sooner. Don't avoid seeking the future in a strange new place, there are always new friends and fun everywhere you go.
Being rimmed is very intimate and can make the person feel extremely vulnerable. Talk to him often about you feel and how he feels. Spend time rimming him while he describes what he feels and how it makes him feel. The only way forward is to get into a shared headspace and that requires some real communication.
Just let him know that YOU need some distance to deal with the rejection.
Quickie - blowjob in the bathroom?
First of all, sex is a joint activity with shared goals. He isn’t going to be an innocent bystander waiting to evaluate your performance, he will be involved. Relax, communicate well, and seek to find a way to get in. He will help!
The students sharing law school lessons may be pretentious but invariably you never see them after graduation.
No. I have seen younger lovers do this. The sexual energy experienced after an orgasm would cause him to laugh, joke, cavort, be in a very good mood, and other people would ask me, "what did you do to him".
That isn't a drag queen. That's a republican.
STFU. yOU DON'T LIKE IT, DON'T FUCKING POST.
Read gay fiction, read gay culture, read about current experience of gay men. Larry Kramer and Armistead Maupin. What will happen is you will normalize your values around how gay people function and their worth. Once you feel like being gay isn't something to inspire shame you will no longer care about hiding.
More Lube, More stretching, Slower Penetration, Stretch rather than push.
Fuck No. Life is too short to be someone's fucking secret.
https://www.amazon.com/Players-Mens-Athletic-Supporter-Jockstrap/dp/B07D1TRH1V https://www.jockstrapcentral.com/xxl-sizes.php
First you have to get him naked. Second you have to find the switch. Look inside his rectum about two inches in and about two inches up toward the bladder area. Third you have to stimulate the switch, which will turn him on. You can tell because of the moans, pre-cum, and wanton abandon as he gives up and lets you have whatever you want.
Good Luck finding your path. Hope it causes you happiness and not pain.
No, quite the opposite in fact (my experience). I hate being called a queer, even today, as it was a common slur in my childhood. “Twink” on the other hand was a gay term only. Straight people had no idea that it meant a hot desirable male who was just recently 18. It’s just my opinion, but I would rather be called a twink than a queer. (No one has called me either in many years)
You might have been manipulated by the ex in this circumstance. Confrontation of a boyfriend over revelations of cheating should be a meeting of minds not an opportunity for a spurned lover to score points. Walking away might be a good decision, but if you feel your boyfriend is not guilty then trust your gut.
If I catch my dude jacking it’s an excuse to be sexy. I would of helped, watched, been like “baby you sexy AF”
“Figure out what you want and let me know. Don’t wait too long to have that conversation or you will be talking all by yourself.”
If you like cuddles, there isn’t much better than a fluffy guy.
Porn compares to sex like cotton candy compares to steak. At the end of the day it is not filling, and just empty. Edited: for clarity
Flirting is best done with confidence, bold action, and forthright desire. If they mistake it, you aren’t doing it right.
Pivot back to what is important : “Yes, I’m gay, now hit the boss!!”
Half the population would be trashy bitches like TIGER KING
The only time I went nuclear was when a raid leader called me a "drama queen" in front of the entire raid. I read those beads you can believe. I told him to nut up and give me his phone number and address or shut the fuck up.
Don't take pictures like that. Excitement is fleeting. Pictures are forever.
I don't have scars you can view on my body from my suicide attempts, (2X, 20+ years ago). I don't advertise, but if someone asks I don't lie either.
So you post some speech saying **"Hey American Gays, Come at me bro."** Well no shit they are argumentative. Fix your country, we already fixed ours. &lt;Sit Down, ain't nobody got time for that&gt;
Trust him to be willing to ride this out. When you feel like you "need" something from him, remind yourself that you already got something from him and you don't "need" him to behave a certain way or reassure you when you are feeling needy, jealous, worried, or nervous. Calm down bro. He isn't going to torpedo it any more than you are. Keep dodging potholes, keep your phone in your pocket, and try to put one foot in front of the other for the next few days. In a week or two you will feel lots more secure after the sky doesn't fall.
LOLZ
Sure....ask away.
So people behave in line with their views. His views are about him, his perspective, his thoughts, his point of view. That is why he sees it as more important that you ignored him than when you objected to his physical slap. You need to ramp up your objection and tie it into his behavior. Imagine a dog training episode. He has to intuitively understand from a deep place where your boundaries are around physical stuff. Do not do sex stuff after you have been assaulted. Stop all sexual contact. That is how you get the message across. “You hit me and sex is off the table”
When his cock gets hard he is into nudes. When it goes soft he goes on a “break” and gets “puritanical”. Remind him he must take it all. You don’t get dick on Friday without the slow walks in the moonlight and holding hands and sweet nothings whispered while nuzzling my ear—see?
When in bed and something happens you don’t like, it isn’t “keep sucking his cock and then when he grabs me get up and leave” it is **”DON’T PUT YOUR FUCKING HANDS ON ME OR IT SUCKS ITSELF ASSHOLE”**
They key issue is REWARD WHEN POSITIVE BEHAVIOR IS OBSERVED You can have sex, but not when he is hitting you
Go for a walk, and go back to his place to fool around. But Stop tacitly accepting what he is offering: 1) When he says something is weird, stupid, or wrong, challenge him. Don't just allow him to say whatever he wants about you. Respect is a thing. He has to respect you. You need to model respect for him, and show him and yourself respect. Example: **"Stupid? WTF, who told you I was stupid? Do you always flirt by suggesting guys are stupid because they like you?"** You: "I like rainbows" Him: "Weird" You: "Your mom is weird" Him: "Don't talk about my mom" You: "Don't fucking talk about me ya dumb fuck". You see. You need to challenge his point of view. It is fine to have sex with a guy who wants to, is horny, and respects you. It isn't fine to have sex with a guy who wants to, is horny, and respects only himself. He doesn't have to put you on a pedastal like a queen, but what happens if you find yourself in a place where he escalates violence when he doesn't get what he wants sexually? Make sure you empower yourself to say "NO". Both people must say YES for sex to happen. Ensure that if he is going to be a dick, he has to play with his own by himself.
SSRI's which are commonly prescribed for depression/mood stabilization often interfere with Sexual Responsiveness; erections, orgasms, tactile stimulae and overall response are all affected dependikng on a given person's brain chemistry and responses to sexual input. Anxiety medication (Xanax, Librium, Kolonopin) are all different classes of Benzo (-benzodiazapines) which work by blunting the effective communications between neurons. This lowers the efficacy of the mind's involvement with sexual response. (Imagine how fine control a sexual fantasy is, now instead of fine control imagine a sledgehammer to stimulate). So the anti depressants and the anti-anxiety medications directly interfere with the delicate function of the brain's cerebral cortex. Often times sexual function is a bit "disturbed" while on medication. Patients often speak with a doctor and develop a tolerance for some side affects, and may need to tweak medications until a good compromise is reached between desired medication and side effects. If you are only going to be on it temporarily, mention it to your physician, psychiatrist or prescriber and discuss sexual disfunction options. Good Luck.
I would laugh. Then make him bring it to bed later!!!
I don’t feel like other people have to be attracted to what I’m attracted to. It’s simple really, if I wanna know who you want to fuck, how bout asking you. Quickest way.
Yeah. He sounds sincere. I would try him again, but speak up the very minute he is out of line
I come out when women take ownership of my personal space. Sorry but that is how I do it. “Ahmmm, really flattered but as awkward as this is, totally into boys since I was six. I think you have awesome taste but it’s just not me.”
You know what, fuck what someone else thinks. That’s your man.
No, I think he answered off the cuff. Call it intuition. IDK
I don’t like the term “queer”. I would have said this: “Hey, don’t call me queer or snowflake; it’s none of your fucking business why I like to be called ‘gay’ or why I don’t like to be called ‘snowflake’ or ‘queer’. It’s also not your place to bully people who don’t fucking agree with you. I for one, think you are an ugly closed minded bitch, but that doesn’t give me any rights to canvas the community about what you have asked me to call you ..... you understand?? It’s ‘GAY’ bitch, I mean queer.”
All you have to do is choose.
Not since I was young.
So how do you feel? I was married to a woman first, then did a marriage to a man.
I am hella gay, no lie there. I don’t have shame or guilt about it. I wouldn’t date a woman today. I was bi when I was younger, but since I came out, nobody got time for that.
Compliment compliment compliment. Then ask for an outing like come over and see my high end gaming setup. Then get his digits and keep moving toward getting to know him better. Either you score or get a friend. Win or win!
YOLO: tell him, get wreaked, grow, learn, don’t be afraid to get rejected, no one ever got a YES without risking a few NO’s. Okay?!?!?
Guys flaunting near nudity in public spaces: Shirtless Short shorts Boxers Skin tight Bulge Abs Guns Dick
FWB in training
Just know
Really? Perhaps you don’t think you are, but up until last week, your FWB could have made one phone call and got you fired in thirty states. Heads in sand don’t equal protection.
Just stop engaging. If he wants answers he can ask for them right?
If you want them, you have to go get them. They don’t really come to you. Even if you are good looking, they only show interest when you do.
He is gay, but don’t make him say it before he is ready. If you want him to do something mentally to accept who he is and what that means, the examine your motives.
good luck with dating !!
Most guys don’t care as long as their cock receives attention too.
Press charges. Tell the truth. Let him go, seek health.
Batman &amp; Robin come to mind.
Go hand-hold and take walks. Before you know it, you will be involved in some sexual experimentation.
Part of being an adult is know when to trust, and when to verify.
You guys need to think this through. We are talking about simple concepts. In the USA legal responsibility to follow the law is required. Awareness of the law, or other situations impacting compliance with statutes **DOES NOT** remove responsibility, culpability, tort, or sentencing. That is why the police arrested the 24 year old lover. Because it is an adult’s responsibility to ensure that statutory rape is not committed against a vulnerable minor. If there is ANY DOUBT as to a person’s age, then the adult has a mandate to ensure that they are above the age of consent. If you can’t tell the difference between an adult and a child, then you SHOULD NOT BE FUCKING THEM.
Dude, you are about as average as Princess Diana: royal but undercover. Diana was stalked by paparazzi seeking compromising photographs. She (and her driver and handler) went into a high speed pursuit and she was killed in a spectacularly horrific and public car crash, spawning an iconic martyrdom. Literally no one will say bad things about Diana today. When she ran from paparazzi it cost her everything. How different would the world be had she told her driver to ignore the vultures? What if she had accepted the truth, that running from the photographers would not change the reality she had been caught? Gay acceptance is like that. If you simply take the medicine. Realize that you can’t change it bro. Then it can release so much power back to the person. Have you ever seen a gay bro that isn’t fucking scared of being gay? It’s hella hot, and really sexy. Can you imagine a guy asking yourself, “hey, you a queer?” And you respond, “Unless we are fucking, it’s none of your business. So are you hazing or begging to swing on my jock?” Gay acceptance is so powerful. It is extremely fun to throw shame back by not taking the bait. A guy says, “we don’t like you people and you’re going to hell” and then you say, “ I see your Bible, and raise you Title VII and marriage equality. It doesn’t make two fucks what you think and until you identify who “we” is, I am just going to say your KKK friends don’t get to decide where I spend eternity Okaaaaay!?!?!?” That is what being unashamed of gay identity can give you. We all go about it at our own speed and our own path, but when it can’t hurt you anymore it is hella liberating!
So KUDOS to the NURSE. Anyone at any time who reaches out to a vulnerable non heterosexual person gets my Approval EVERY TIME.
You need to look to the underlying causes. Why do you think that people who have a gay partner are less than people who have a heterosexual relationship? Why do you think that being a gay man with another gay man isn't hot? Beautiful? Desireable? The reason is SHAME. I think that being in love with another man is fucking beautiful. I don't have ANY shame about it today. I have no desire to hide it or pretend that I am not who I am. I love being gay. I think that being gay is a source of pride. Gay people create more art, make more money, live happy lives, find devoted companions, make beautiful love that glorifies the male desire for another male. Do you not feel similarly? Why not? What do you think? Why do you think that way? Engage in the conversation and explore being a better you. Life is good on the OUT side of the equation.
Oh, it’s very real. If you challenge your bias you can change to this way of thinking. But you have to walk that road, you can’t sit in the same place that taught you to hate yourself. You have to surround yourself with folks who fucking understand that you are fine just the way you are. Until you start working at this, nothing will change.
Why don't you try topping him? A little "demonstration" goes a long way.
Everyone thinks one type of hot dude is a little "more" sexy than all the rest. Nothing wrong with that. But anytime you start thinking in terms of ALL ______ are _______ and all _________ are __________. You are bound to be disappointed. Get real brah, stereotypes are easily disproven.
HOCD is a thing bro. Check with mental health providers to get some counseling and identify your current crisis. If you have HOCD, you may be straight as a string and just afraid. If you are actually gay and going through a questioning crisis, a counselor can identify ways for you to understand what is happening and how to take advantage of support and help.
Allow me to explain what he is hearing. (Gay Translation) &amp;#x200B; STR8 says: "I might be with a man at some point" GAY hears: "I might want to be with you." other examples of gay translation in action between horny teen gays &amp; str8s STR8 says: "I am not really physically attracted to you" GAY hears: "I am only partially attracted to you." STR8 says: "You are a really great friend and I don't want to hurt your feelings." GAY hears: "You are really great, you think we could be friends with benefits?" &amp;#x200B; I know this is satirical in format, but listen to me, gay dudes who are into you don't realize they have a filter on your speech. They think the shit they hear is the 411. The accurate story, The Tea, The Real Deal. &amp;#x200B; If you want to be his friend, you have to be blunt. STR8 says: " \*\*IT'S NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN, I NEED YOU TO UNDERSTAND THAT WE WE WILL NOT BE FUCKING AROUND OKAY?\*\* GAY says, "I totally understand, totally just friends. Wanna come over Sunday and let me suck your cock?" STR8 says: "sigh........DUDE&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;When did I just become a gigolo to you" GAY says, "I think becomeing a gigolo is a great career move, can I get a discount?"
I would rather have an ugly flag then for black gays to feel like they don't belong. Why isn't that on the poll?
If you love him, then love yourself enough to be worthy of him. It's okay if he fucks up, you do right? So just maintain. Think about something else until you get the chance to talk again. Let him know two things: That you know you hurt his feelings and wish you had not been mean. Be specific. Explain that you make mistakes and regret them. IF he doesn't apologize then explain also that you don't deserve to be gaslighted. Tell him you own your mistakes, he needs to own his as well.
I think it is fine for it to be heard. Say it to your gay brothers and ask them for their feedback about how hard it was to become comfortable. I promise they will know more about your situation than anyone else. PROMISE.
Listen. Just because some guys have a little more attractiveness doesn't mean you are competing with them. Each of us is unique and special in our own way. Looks are only a part of it.
Don't pretend you aren't fucking racist asking shit like that. STAHP.
Don't say it to them. Call them and ask them how "da fuq" they said it.
You don't get to claim you live in a vacuum unless you don't want to breath. Save it. We are way beyond that shit now. We have listened to you and your type "pointing out the obvious" for years...and for what? So you can protect white cops killing black people? FUCK YOU man...and this question.
Nice Reply, Thank you!!
Well...look, you are going to have to man up and say something. If you can't talk directly about yourself, and you can't talk about the topic, what can you talk about? Did you like one of their boyfriends? Did they ever come out to you? They have to have said something for you to know they are gay. Start there and inch your way back to your indecision. They will pick up on it, after all...they are gay and grew up in the same house with you.
Change the locks, put his ass in the street.
You are right (of course).
Incomplete and incompetent.
Good luck sorting it out!
Heart warming!
Ignorant - seems like a better word choice would be RACIST! [stands and applauds] - Fuck yeah!
Scam. Move on.
That’s nothing, give the red states another month and you will have some much bigger numbers. Florida and South Carolina are just incubating rn. (/s)
Awwwww
Usually I just seek to cuddle until sleep takes me.
Yeah, it’s hard to make friends with other gay dudes unless there is proximity and similar hobbies and stuff.
Travel ought to be Cancelled rn.
I would not call them "Jesus" I might would call him jose or Joe or something else.
I have to say that my in-laws are great. It’s my family that is hateful bigoted and homophobic.
Sadly, yes.
I am a white guy but am not upset. When I see younger guys who are upset I think it is just entitlement. For so long only white gay dudes mattered. For so long the means justified the end. Anytime anyone said anything negative about their behavior, they counter with how they are young, hot, gay, and successful in having sex. But that doesn’t earn you anything anymore.
Often times our value system and political views come from similar places. If that information, which we internalize at a fairly deep personal level, is at odds with who we are, (which it almost always is because of the messages we get about our sexuality) we experience a fair amount of emotional dissonance. Having someone tell you that you have "closeted privilege" when your own perception of adapting to and acceptance of gay identity has been anything but privileged is not likely to make you feel great. Add to that the attack of some of your most closely held beliefs about how the world should work (politics) and it is no wonder you remember it. Moving past it is the same process one uses to accept one's gay orientation. Accept that the guy was taking advantage of personal knowledge gained by talking with you to take shots against your values and closely held beliefs. Should your political and closely held values change? Well, sometimes imagining them as a "photo" is more accurate. They are swirling water, ever changing, but the changes are slight and incremental. We all change, you are in the process of changing right now. But the dude doesn't matter near as much as YOU appreciating YOU. Look below the surface to what you think about YOU. That may need a gradual adjustment. It really doesn't matter who you agree with, so long as the dissonance doesn't harm you. It isn't likely that a conservative can be for gay rights, but it does happen. You have to find your way and ignore everything that is not "your way" edited: spelling and left out word.
IF you challenge yourself about his request to finger his ass, where do you wind up? I understand that you didn't want to. But now that you have seen the video, do you understand how hot he thinks playing in his ass is? So if you think that you don't want to tell your friends that he is gay, how about just straight up giving him what he wants. Put on a glove, lube that glove up, and find out what its like to be knuckle deep in a really hot ass. You might be surprised to know this, but LOTS of straight men like to be fingered, some like to be "pegged" which means a girl with a dildo, and some straight guys like to be "fucked" from time to time. It doesn't mean they are gay. It means they like something up their ass. You see on a male, the g-spot is a place inside his ass, just up against his prostate gland. Some guys are like "meh" but some, it's like hooking the car battery to their nipples. Think it over. Be the girl that he can't live without. Stick that boy up his ass, watch him cum like a fountain. Your choice...but I would get all up in that boy's ass before I pronounced he was gay.
You say that like it's a bad thing. &amp;#x200B; It Isn't.
Sorry thx
Thanks for that Bro!
Myopic focus?
Sex toys are actually an investment into personal mental health. It isn’t wasted money, it’s worth doing.
Why don’t you try to fuck someone who is not him?
No. Listening to younger LGBT leads me to the inescapable truth: They have compelling challenges not easily solved. Just like we did.
“Wanna blow job?” “Wait, you thought I was serious?”
I was. I came out, divorced, and began a gay relationship that eventually became my husband of ten years. It was rocky, painful, exacerbated by having a child but today my son chooses to live with his dads. My ex wife is and was a decent mother to him, I paid a fortune for the support but hey, it’s only money. It is YOUR life. YOUR opinion is the only one that matters. All the opinions in the world melt when you wake up with a guy every morning. It sounds pretty subtle but; There is nothing quite like waking up cuddling and spooning with a guy throwing wood. I know it’s a little thing, but trust me —that little thing makes all the difference. Next time she spends money you tried to save, or next time she refuses sex because “she has the pussy and makes all the rules” remember this conversation. You can have what you want in bed, AND he will want to have sex.
NICE!!!!
