A woman can send dick pics she got from someone else. I could see two woman swapping dick pics likes a trading card game.
Well that is where the blood should be.
The gods truly know what is right.
Homes being built inside existing settlements don't take more land. You can build inward.
It's to prevent powergamey abuse like yours.
But she doesn't have a sister.
I am pretty sure by definition that is not true. If each league (except master) is around 20%, then only about 40% will be sub-gold.
If you try too hard to finish early you can make a mistake, allowing the other team a better chance of winning. Even if you dominate in the early game, you might still lose if you get over confident.
Depends if you want to keep 5e's simplicity. Without keeping it you can go back to 3.5e's design, separating the abilities used to hit and for damage.
That sounds really cool! Doesn't really fit into 5e's design philosophy, but love the idea.
Resisting insanity is more Wisdom though.
See Blizzard for the last 20 years. They've been good for a long time, and people praised them for it and had loyalty. But that loyalty wavers with each bad thing they release.
I was supporting the statement of the one I commented to actually. I was just saying you can use Blizzard as an example that when you make good things you get praised. Blizzard has made good things for so long, that even with the recent trend of mediocre to bad games, people still have loyalty left.
With Molly they traveled to where they met Cad, then with Cad they went all the same way, plus out of the empire, and quite a bit on boat as well. Just the distance covered is a lot more.
Nott's drunk mechanic is a bit different I believe. She has disadvantage on all Dex/Int rolls, rather than on all attacks and ability checks like the Poisoned condition. Since she uses mainly Dex/Int abilities it does almost the same thing.
Depending on how big the arena is, silence is amazing. Even if it big enough that they can leave, you stand next to them which nets you an attack of opportunity which might stun them. Assuming you need to use your bonus action to dash in order to reach them, you only lose 1 attack by doing this. Then the next turn you can grapple the mage and pull them back to the silence zone, which means gave over for the mage. Assuming usage of mage armor and shield, simply attacking as many times as possible will likely not yield good results.
Even if you could follow the mage, as long as you're not grappling them they could just leave the area and cast a spell anyways, just taking an opportunity attack in the process. Grappling is the key here, if the monk has proficiency and positive Strength.
The thing about darkness is that opportunity attacks require you to see the creature that moves out of your reach. If you're not grappling the wizard then they will move out the area easily.
His Gazlowe (from Warcraft) is insanely good, and so different from his big guy voice.
Distant spell with *thunderclap* or *sword burst* is pretty cool. Assuming a grid, you get 16 more squares. 24 instead of 8. It is generally pretty dangerous for a sorcerer to be in the midst of enemies, but if you find yourself surrounded, it is a great combo.
/u/FogeltheVogel wasn't saying he would ban that because of balance though. Some people look for silly games, while some look for serious ones. If something would break the immersion of the players, and the immersion is important to the players, then banning it is probably for the better. One could argue about common sense with a world where magic exists, but the world still has some rules it exists by, and things can still defy logic in a bad way.
If you really have more game knowledge than most people in your rank then they are better than you in other ways, probably mechanics. Improve your skill shot aim, your dodges, and micro in general and you will advance to higher leagues. In general, if you're at a certain rank, your overall skill level is about there. It is not that hard to improve luckily, but you have to focus on improving.
A master player playing with golds will win most games no matter what strategy they take, just because the difference in mechanics is huge. If you manage to get a master's micro then you will get to masters, or at least to diamond.
So it was deleted, that's why I couldn't find it! One of the best SC skits.
Thing is, she was super wounded herself. She isn't a mindless beast, lusting for blood, she probably has self-preservation instincts. While she might've been able to kill one or two, it is likely she would've gone down. It made much more sense to back off at that point.
They probably taste bad.
I suggest watching replays of your games. Take a few games, and analyze them slowly. It's very different how you judge things when you have time to think about them, rather than in the moment. It allows you to see any mistakes that you did more clearly. That is how I got to masters in Starcraft 2 back in the day. If you can't identify your mistakes even in a replay then I suggest finding someone who is in a higher league to try and watch the replay with you, or just have them play with you and tell you any mistakes you do.
You don't roll Perception checks in a situation like this. Rather, you use passive Perception. Creatures can take the Search action in order to actively roll a Perception check. So the scream would have their passive Perception reduced by 5 (because of disadvantage).
There are actually warlocks-like creatures with invocation-like features. Firenewt warlock of Imix has the Armor of Shadows and Devil's Sight invocations for example.
Armor of Agathys is an amazing spell for anyone, especially for a frontliner like a paladin.
Starcraft 2 is in a pretty decent state. The gameplay is great, and the non-Korean scene is actually growing.
You could flavor it as a their energy (heat) is sucked into you. Not an exact match, but it can work.
The threat to his career is definitely not gone. If he stuck with not apologizing then future prospects might have been lost as well. Just because he says he quit, does not mean he wasn't fired.
[Destiny is great.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcQedw7R1zk)
Maps being different is good. It's better to have unique maps with different approaches to win in each one. It's what Heroes has over the competition, same with some heroes acting very different than others. For example Chromie breaks the rule of when heroes gain their talents.
Killing a fort early is not that easy. You're likely to lose some heroes trying, giving the opponents advantage, which can snowball.
I think everyone loves to play against Chen.
One would assume they were magically enhanced catapults.
Turrets firing lazers is very powerful already, so it might be taken more now. Gives you a very nice defensive measure.
You can deal damage with it so it's a weapon.
If Nott has her party then so does GS, and his priestess ally has insanely op spells. She can do an instant leomund tiny hut (though limited duration/HP absorbed), and more stuff.
Larger bonuses in your main stats are more important than having negative ones. If you're a wizard you barely use Strength, and if you have someone else in the party who can do the talking, then Charisma will not be used much either. Whether you have 12 or 6, it won't change much. Comparably, having a 14 or 18 in your main stat will make a difference 10% of the time.
Better yet to go for an half-orc with a big stick if you go for auto-crit.
Twinning booming blade means using it on a second enemy anyways. No one thought that because it doesn't matter for this situation.
Not all spells are created equal. Wall of water is way worse than lightning bolt.
Not all spells are created equal. Wall of water is way worse than lightning bolt.
I wouldn't say clean, since you're incentivized to use unarmed strikes even more than a normal monk, while the subclass main theme is weapons. Still, adding 2 AC to most of your turns is pretty good, and you can become decent in range when it is necessary.
How about giving them their lvl 14 ability, but only for knowledge checks?
I don't think it needs more, but there is plenty of room for more. As long as they are balanced and at least a bit different than an existing spell, any new spell would benefit the game for experienced players.
No, since they already the strongest subclass, and since the most powerful benefit of the feature is for dispel magic/counterspell checks. It would be somewhat similar to the inquisitor rogue archetype gaining a lesser version of reliable talent.
If they sold her dice they would definitely fetch more than it would cost to buy new ones, although that a lot of supply.
When in melee, normal monks generally use weapons if available to them, at least until level 11 when their unarmed strike to deal as much damage as a quarterstaff wielded with 2 hands. In order to gain the AC bonus you need to make an unarmed strike as part of the attack action. That means if you must forgo at least 1 weapon attack, since any bonus action unarmed strikes are not made as part of the attack action.
Since your bonus action attacks can only be unarmed strikes, you would probably mix kong fu and weapon strikes even if Agile Parry did not exist.
I did BRD so many times in vanilla, but never managed to reach the emperor. Was still my favorite dungeon.
I assume the challenge makes it more fun.
I just did it a lot because I liked the design of the dungeon, and because it was so big and seemed to have all these little things to discover. I never knew what the loot tables were, nor really cared. Barely knew English, let alone went to online guides. I believe most people who played vanilla didn't look through guides either. Without the internet telling you what is the best course of action, you enjoy the journey more, or at least that is how it seems to me.
Protagonist does not necessarily mean hero.
Raksashas are completely immune to 6th level or lower spells IIRC.
Depending on just how small the remaining team is. It doesn't take an insanely long while to make a map, if it is anything like making a Starcraft map. There might be bugs that need testing in the process, but better to release a slightly buggy map than nothing at all imo. So if the team will have enough people to work on fixing bugs and maintain the regular game, new maps are definitely possible. Once balance matters way less, as you said, the only thing left that is hard about making a new maps is creating the doodads and other art assets. Considering that we know they were gutted, if they re-use existing assets I am sure most of the community will accept it.
Considering Blizzard kept and still keeps quite a lot of old games' servers up, as long as the game can be played on current PCs it is likely the servers will remain running.
The rules aren't perfect. Trying to find loopholes is silly and bad sportsmanship as it just makes things hard for the DM. Things don't have to be consistent in a world with magic. Trying to break the game by forcing logic on an illogical world just makes you a rules-lawyer.
[You are mistaken. They can speak Giant Owl, but only understand the others.](https://imgur.com/7De2gxa)
You can only grapple a creature up to a size one larger than yourself. A medium character cannot grapple a hill giant by the rules.
Funny that you mention gravity as obvious, but how much you fall and when actually matters a lot and was needed to be added in Xanathar. They decided you immediately fall 500 feet, and descend 500 more feet at the end of your next turn.
Actually the most power feature of Yuan Ti is that they have advantage on all saves vs magic. You probably need to weaken or remove that as well for the race to be balanced.
Reality is weirder than fiction. Having a professor think they are funny by using a silly nickname is not that crazy.
That is ridiculous to me. A murderer who donates enough money to save 2 people did more good acts than evil ones, but he still is an evil person. If you do definite evil acts then you are evil. Some things are not redeemable. People are capable of change, and an evil person might change and repent, but even if they stop being evil, their past doesn't change. Someone who is good at the moment and was bad at past is not neutral. The past does not affect the present in that regard.
Even evil people should have rights. Although, real life is more complicated than fiction, and morality is relative. Evil as a concept works better in fictional situations where all details are known.
1 re-roll per short rest sounds good to me. Cool idea.
That is a powerful item, especially depending on the Con modifier of the user. An interesting thing about the item is that while the relative cost of a spell remains the same as you level, the relative power of it is reduced. For example at lvl 5 a 3rd level spell costs 15 HP, and (using the spell point variant to measure) consists about 1/6 of the wizard's spellcasting potential. A wizard with a +2 mod will have 32 HP so it takes about half of the wizard's HP. At lvl 10 a 3rd level spells costs 30 HP, so if the wizard didn't increase their Con mod it will still take about half of their HP. The relative power of a 3rd level though is much lower for the lvl 10 caster. It is about 1/14th of the spell slots pool the wizard has. This is also ignoring any class features. Not saying it needs to be buffed, but just noting that it is a much more useful object at the lower levels. It still is probably broken, as most blood magic is. For example, it allows the casting of shield/absorb elements for about 1/6th of the wizard's HP, but probably preventing way more damage taken.
If he has just 10 Con then a 9th level spell will likely straight kill him if he is even a bit wounded. In lvl 20 he will have 103, while a 9th level spell will deal 180 damage to him. For the power of a 9th level spell that does seem fine. Probably still abusable out of combat by having a friendly healer nearby, allowing 2 9th level spells a day, as long as you have a short rest between using one and fighting. But if he is a new player then he probably won't try to abuse it.
As with most dreams, it's reasonable to assume memory will be hazy, and after a while most will be gone. I've had really long dreams before. Usually I remember all of it at first, but unless I write it down the dream vanishes. So I interpret the question to be immediately after you wake, and then treat it as a normal dream. Nothing unnatural.
A decent amount of creatures have natural magical weapons.
r/woosh
Probably meant relatable in that more people know him. Most young people in the west probably know about Ironman, but I have no idea who are the ones you mentioned.
/u/ThrowawayusGenerica was kink shaming people whose kink was being shamed for their kink. What did I miss in /u/AndersonViCooper's comment?
Isn't hentai also anime? This isn't r/animeThatIsNotHentai, so hentai also fits here.
The thing is that in 5e you can use any of your slots on any spell you prepared, so this basically just gives you a ton more spells prepared. If you tweaked it so only 1 spell slot a day could be used this way, then it would be a bit more reasonable, but still a big buff. Something like that could be pretty useful for rangers and sorcerers, two classes that are heavily limited by their spells known, and therefore generally don't pick niche utility spells.
Where is Obby the Rat? I know he only appeared in a few episodes but he deserves love too.
Throwaway was doing it ironically. Ander was defending them, which defeats the purpose. This is why I claimed woosh.
This is why I dislike exp for killing, it makes things too gamey.
It looks really good, but I think the sizes are a bit wonky on the right pictures. To me it seems like there are rowboats half the size of a ship that seems like it is the size of those on the left pictures. Everything seems about right except for the ships, so I assume they were added later, but probably want to adjust their size.
You need to have an ally within 5 feet of the target in that case though, and if there is an enemy in melee range you wouldn't go prone in the first place.
Many things aren't realistic, but are done for simplicity's sake. 5e is built so you don't have to remember an insane amount of rules for edge cases. The power of its simplicity is that you can add as much complexity as you want at your own table.
I feel like tiny servant works better here.
On paper EB does seem better, but there are actually many conditions in which melee gets benefits or ranged has drawbacks. - Ranged attacks sometimes have a penalty due to cover bonus. Most ranged martials get +2 from the archery fighting style to negate this, but Fjord doesn't have anything like that. - Matt uses flanking so melee has a very easy time gaining advantage, which is a huge bonus to hit, as well as nearly doubling the chance for a critical. Combined with Hexblade's Curse, Fjord can have 19% to crit, which is extra effective due to him being a half-orc. - Hexblades have access to powerful smite spells. Notably *banishing smite*, an incredibly powerful spell that only works on melee attacks. - A paralyzed creature (which can be achieved by *hold person* or similar) only has melee attacks against them be criticals. Ranged attacks only have advantage. - A prone creature (which can be achieved by *Tasha's hideous laughter* or similar) gives melee attacks advantage and ranged disadvantage. It's always nice to have a ranged option, but Fjord is really much stronger in melee.
There is the opportunity cost. Rather than use a feat for it or be an elf instead of a more fitting cleric race like dwarf, you can just get it. Also, you are able to use green-flame blade with Wisdom, which there is no way to do currently besides being an arcana cleric.
I always loved the concept of things you can do only while dead, like that dwarf ghost outside BRD that you can't see while alive. I hope they revisit this concept more.
The peak was is WotLK, but that means it's also when it stopped growing.
Well in Tol Dagor if you don't have a rogue, having a skeleton key from blacksmithing is pretty useful for the saving time at the start.
While the numbers are small, depending on the level they can matter a lot. Before lvl 5, assuming the cleric uses a shield, their attacks only deal 1d8+3, for an average of 7.5. 3 extra damage is a 40% increase in damage. If it procs about half the time like you say, it's a 20% increase in damage. That is a lot. Obviously once you reach lvl 5+ it matter much less. IMO war cleric is pretty weak compared to the other domains, so allowing them to choose green-flame blade is likely to be fine, especially since it has anti-synergy with their lvl 1 feature, War Priest which requires an attack action while green-flame blade is the cast a spell action. Though while the anti-synergy might make it balanced, it does not feel fun to basically have a wasted feature. I would consider separating the bonus action from the action, allowing it to work without needing the attack action. On the other hand, tempest cleric is one of the strongest domains, so I feel like the opportunity cost of a feat should remain. It probably won't break anything to just add booming blade to their spell list though, and it is pretty thematic. In the end it's only a pretty small buff (if you allow SCAG cantrips at all) since while you have choice on which ASI/feat to choose, 2 extra cantrips and 1/day 1st level spell are likely pretty useful, even if not as much as +2 Wis or War Caster.
So, similar to the original Blood Knights? They sucked the light power out of a naruu. The light is a power source. It has already been established. Regular priests and paladins channel it through faith, but there are other ways.
What about Garrosh's shamans? Didn't they subdue their elementals?
I guess when you put it like that it doesn't sound like an Alliance method. Because of this, it actually might be pretty cool if it's the way. The junker gnomes looking all cute, but are actually ruthless. It kinda makes sense. It seems like they have to be at least a bit crazy to replace their limbs with machines.
Yeah, I think the only changes it needs are to the Natural Explorer and Favorite Enemy features. If you replace them with good general features then ranger is fixed. Especially for level 6, there needs to be good features. Else it feels like its better to multiclass after ranger 5 and not look back. Depending on how you change Natural Explorer and Favorite Enemy, I think that the level 6 feature allowing you to change the terrain and creature type over a short or maybe long rest would be fine. Would make the ranger quite versatile while allowing people who want to specialize only in a specific terrain or enemy able to do so by simply multiclassing after ranger 5.
I don't get your point. All ranger subclasses gain a valuable feature at lvl 11. Some features are better than others, but most are only a bit worse than fighter's Extra Attack 2. Hunter gains a powerful aoe attack. Its power can vary depending on the DM and how many monsters they like to throw at you, but I'd wager in most tables its likely as strong or even stronger on average than 3 attacks. Gloom stalker's feature works well combined with SS, since you are likely to miss quite often. Horizon walker's feature is sometimes better than simply 3 attacks, and even if you don't get the 3rd attack is still valuable. Monster slayer is basically a free counterspell per short rest. Probably the least useful for most adventuring days, but if the party lacks a spellcaster with counterspell it becomes equal or even better than the other features.
IIRC the naruu they captured let it happen because it would lead the knights to the light. They were misguided by Kael'thas and desperate at the time, so they have an excuse.
Yeah, I don't understand how you can be a top ranger without good Perception and Survival. This guy is trying to min-max so hard he forgot core aspects of the class.
I love the idea of a quipper with 40+ HP. A tiny fish but with a big bite.
The problem with this is that in certain situations it does not apply. For example if the PC is paralyzed and the commoner with the crossbow is not fighting anyone else. You might then say HP is also about luck, but how many times can the commoner trip and miss point blank without things being ridicules?
There is a way. If they do a timeskip they can release WC4 then immediately after the WoW expansion. A timeskip will allow for new characters and story arcs.
*moo
The problem is that for many uncommon items this is a horribly low price. I wouldn't use XGtE item rules at all.
Tabaxi don't do sustained movement. They have to stop after every turn in order to move double speed, which means their trait is useless for this discussion. Use centuar instead.
His face reminds me of attack on titan for some reason.
Your point was that they can fly with it. In truth you have to use a 2nd level spell slot with it, which only works for 1 min. Cool interaction, but nothing close to a game-changer.
The only small races in the PHB are gnomes and halflings. Both get great traits (gnome cunning and rerolling 1s) which can be considered to be part of being small. The monster small races are not meant to be balanced, so they shouldn't really be considered.
People today still have wealth that originally came from owning slaves. Having rich parents/grand parents/etc is correlated with higher wealth for you. It's hard to pinpoint who exactly should pay, but it is easy to know who should be paid.
Didn't you see the teen was up against the wall? How do you think he got there?
It was made to look good from above, which is where it would be seen from most of the time.
I have a group of 4 critters in the Binyamina area. Keep on trying and you will eventually catch one!
Haha hopefully not since we're looking for 1-2 more players.
[You should try the Pundak if you haven't yet.](https://www.pundak.co.il/forums/viewforum.php?f=31) It is how I met my last 2 groups.
Still would be better to have things in the base game. While it might be easy to make mods, balancing things is a whole other thing. I trust Larian to make the different options at least somewhat balanced. Same can't be said for random modders.
Second one sounds way better to me. Makes it way more interesting since it leaves you a choice of what to do with your action.
I feel like the limited range makes the spell better. You have to set up situations where it is useful, rather than being useful most of the time. And not all spells need to be the same. It's concentration, so it being automatic rather than require a BA is fine IMO.
Although as we learn in 2, going to the hall of echoes is not actually a good thing.
That's about 100 times my town's population.
If it's in their pocket, it contacts them.
I mean, adventurers are known to sleep with armor.
One example is a knight giving away their horse which is worth way more than a room in an inn.
If only I had a spare 1 million dollars.
That is the amount in the OP.
German humor is no laughing matter!
Rare mobs that are actually hard to kill and reward large amounts of XP, pets, cool transmog, or better than regular loot would be awesome. Leveling really needs to have more challenges as well as mattering more than just being the road to max level.
You could make it so they only give their rewards if killed by an appropriate leveled character. Having rewards that cannot be obtained by a max level character would make alts a bigger part of the game.
And it makes sense if you stop treating DnD as a simulator and instead consider characters to be superheroes. At least 5e works much better when your inspiration for your character is not a random medieval solider, but Captain America. [Mild Game of Thrones spoilers.](/s "Game of Thrones is actually a good example of how things don't feel right when you combine PCs that can survive anything with a gritty world. For example Arya surviving multiple gut wounds and being all good to run and fight the next day works perfectly in 5e, as well as for superheroes, but not for the established world that is similar to ours.") But if you play a superhero world from the start then the silliness is part of the game and is fun, rather than annoying. You can play up the hero that survives against all odds. Your PCs are the heroes. They can still die, but generally they will live from even ridiculously deadly attacks. In another similarity to superheroes worlds, in DnD it is also common for characters to not stay dead. The problem arises when people try to fit the game for types of storytelling it does not naturally fit. DnD 5e can used for things other than heroic fantasy, but it is not the best for them. You can use the rests time variant and do other tweaking to the system, but in the end some issues remain.
While knowing how things work in our world is always good, alcohol making you better at resisting damage is so damn cool in my opinion. DnD is based on myths, so having a mechanic for alcohol to soak some damage, or flavoring a barbarian as always drunk would be awesome in my books.
I like the base race and the first two subraces, but not all races should be able to do everything IMO. It's better to have a specialized race with clear traits and purpose. The goatkin and deerkin subraces are unnecessary, especially since they just take the half-orc and wood-elf racials. Ramkin and sheepkin are great since they have clear themes. I can see the ramkins roaming the plains, and the sheepkins as mystical mountain-folk. I do think the names have to change since (animal)kin feels like something furry, and fetishes have no room in base-dnd. Also, rams are just male sheep. Personally I would remove the Gore trait from the base race and add it to the ramkin. Then I would give the sheepkin climb speed, to further place them as mountain-folk. I think being a bit stronger than average is fine, but the Charge trait might end up a bit too powerful, so I would consider changing it to only work once per short rest.
I've made many homebrew items in the past, but for some reason I am not sure on this one. Do you see any combo that might make this item broken? It is supposed to be a major powerful item, but is it just generally too strong, or perhaps too weak? I really can't make a judgement for it, so I need help. My party currently does not have any full gishes if it helps on matters of balance. The PCs that are likely to use this item are the swashbuckler rogue, the life cleric who wants focus more on melee but has only 13 Strength (will likely raise it next ASI), or the moon druid.
It creates an infinite amount of motes, but only 1 mote can attach itself to the target per attack. Basically, you activate the bracers for 2 charges and for that turn any attack you make that hits a target will be buffed by a mote. Most martial characters have 2 attacks, so they won't be able to really abuse the mechanic. A PC with 3+ attacks that all hit makes the motes way more powerful since they allow a full blind, a restrain, or just a ton of damage.
Thank you. I might release my item archives one day, although it might be too many items at once and thus many cool ones will likely be lost, so maybe I'll post just the special ones.
That is because Christianity, Islam, and Judaism are all monotheistic. In the settings of DnD most people believe in multiple gods, similarly to many ancient faiths. When the ancient Persians/Greeks/etc captured a land, they didn't forbid the worship of the local gods.
It really depends on the oath. This is not 3.5e anymore, paladins can be anything you want, even evil themselves.
You can technically still get doomguard with[ the doom talent](https://www.wowhead.com/spell=265412/doom#comments), but it's such a small chance that it basically does not exist.
Well I am not an expert on history, but at least for DnD it is noted most people pray to multiple gods. Unless your world is vastly different than regular DnD, no one should bat an eye over someone worshiping a god they don't themselves worship unless they studied religion and know that the god is evil.
How do they know how the warlock gets their power from? Unless the warlock uses one of their special spells, the power could be coming from anyone.
Generally worrying about a theoretical scenario is a big time waste. Just play as usual and see if it is actually a problem. If it becomes an issue then you can look for a solution, but it is likely everything will be fine.
IMO it is much cooler to temporarily greatly buff your minions than give them a small buff that last a while.
This is completely wrong. Bladesinger cannot use Int for weapon attacks. I suggest you reread that subclass.
So this is an announcement of an announcement? It was a bad decision to post this thread without any explanation.
It doesn't make it more interesting, it just makes it more powerful. Intelligence is plenty useful in my games. You just need to emphasize knowledge checks more.
More like angels than gods. They are about CR 20 each, which is more powerful than a regular lvl 20 PC, but not by much. Probably even weaker than a lvl 20 druid.
Stealing is a shitty idea since generally the reward is small and if you get caught you're screwed.
I am saying it's also stupid. There are crimes that are unethical but smart, but petty theft will destroy your life for just a few bucks.
The correct format is "Constitution (Performance)". IMO it is the best choice. Performance is so underused, so anything extra that it can do is great. Together with the ability being Constitution it makes the most sense. I make use of this rule many times. Many things in the game don't really fit any specific skill with its base ability. Looking for rumors for example somewhat fits both Intelligence (Investigation) and Charisma (Persuasion), but Charisma (Investigation) works way better than them for it. By using the rule you also make it possible to even have Constitution checks, making the *enhance ability* spell option Bear's Endurance actually useful.
You're thinking in terms of a nonmagical world. Unless the campaign world is super low-magic, no one will just think of the guy as just a weirdo. It will be obvious they are at least trying to cast a spell. Any intelligent person will then also starts to look for any effect the cast spell might have had, cause you can't really be sure if the spell finished casting or not.
Why does prone matter here? The wolves already have advantage.
Bibi would love conflict atm, so he can declare a state of emergency, or anything else that would distract us from his investigations. That said, the PM here doesn't have the same powers as the USA president, so there is 0% chance he could authorize an attack like this, since the vast majority of other government members would oppose it. And even if he could, he is a smart man, and doing this is stupid. His current antics affect America well enough without need for actual action.
It is completely unneeded, but to me it actually looks good. The actors seem like they know how to act and they used the same narrator.
Sadly this combo doesn't work since the effects of the same spell cast multiple times don't combine, from the PHB, page 205, Combining Magical Effects. If I was the DM I might've ruled specifically here that 2 different curses can both affect a target, but not the same curse. Still, this any ruling to allow 2 *bestow curse* castings to affect the same target is against RAW and RAI.
Please just talk to your DM instead of venting here. Hearing about whining is annoying for us, and it won't solve any of the problems for you. Talking like adults with your DM will solve your problems though.
Some of the lvl 15 invocations are absolutely crazy good.
Man, now I want to replay WC3. Can Reforged get here already?
I mean, we already know how the game is. We don't need constant progress updates. I assume most of their work is model updates, which they could potentially reveal, but doesn't matter that much.
Only because you're thinking in absolutes. It is not cats &lt; ants in terms of intelligence, it's ants &gt; cats in one specific property. Just like for example dogs &gt; humans in their ability to smell.
The correct order is air, water, and food.
That is pretty classic evil. He is just not comically evil, as in wants to destroy the world.
Saitama's greatest foe yet, buttons.
He is actually one of the rare anti-villains. He is still a definite villain, but he has some heroic qualities like making sure the kid is safe during the fight.
Yes, he hurts innocent people for no reason other than that he wants to.
Why don't you just watch this video?
My bad, thought this was the Ion video. He says it there.
Which is really all that is needed. Most of the features are fine, just Natural Explorer and Favorite Enemy that are bad.
Yeah, if they were only on level 1 it would be fine, but right now you basically get nothing on level 6, making multiclassing out of ranger after 5 levels feel much better than it does for most other classes.
I think bad memories of loot thieves is probably the main reason for why I am not going to play Classic. It is just a terrible feeling.
Yunyun is lonely, Komi has social anxiety, and 02 is hot. The Big 3.
They are functioning, but they are not OP. They are all pretty low level in DnD terms, with GS himself probably only being level 5 or so. Priestess has only 2 or 3 spell slots even by the end of the show.
He is probably stronger than All Might. Can lift a mountain.
&gt;It consisted of 50% of people giving some pretty good suggestions (Thankyou), 10% of people saying it was actually a good encounter if I treated it like a puzzle, and 40% of people saying I was a bad DM for even considering running this and from a few people that I was somehow breaking the DnD rules on what I named the creature. &gt; &gt;This post is for those last 40%. This is the most petty shit I have ever read.
Why?
I suggest looking at the Heavy Armor Master feat. It somewhat does what you want to achieve - being able to withstand hordes of minions. It reduces all taken damage from weapons by 3, which for things like skeletons with an average damage of 5.5, it basically doubles your survivability (assuming you have adamantine armor).
Especially if you are using Monster Slayer or Horizon Walker, you don't need it. These 2 subclasses get a free, mostly weaker by not by a lot, hunter's mark. So they can use their spell slots for utility and other stuff.
IMO even with the shit subs it was pretty decent. Enjoyed it.
Do you not have goals that might be more important than your life? Using your 6th level spell for escape will let you live another day, but using it for a combat spell might allow you to beat an important encounter like destroying the cult before they summon their master, killing the vampire lord, etc. Think what is more important for your character. And if you don't have any important enough goals, get some.
I feel like the scariest sea monster is one that you don't see until it is too late. Have them wake up at night to see tendrils crawl out from inside the hall. They fight the tendrils back, and see the hole in the bottom where the sea monster is looking through. They don't need to kill it, just hurt it enough and it will escape, leaving them to repair. The tendrils can be treated as separate monsters, perhaps use the sea spawn stat block, depending on the players' level. Then for the boss fight a roper fits well IMO. Once the "roper" is reduced to 0 HP, have the sea monster make its escape.
There are always similarities, but identifying them is important. For example, Hitler was a fascist, as well as a populist (among other things of course). When you see a politician use a similar method to speak, any similarities to what we learned in school the Nazis did are jarring, or at least were to me when I first noticed some. But, if the politician is just using populism, it is different than if the politician is echoing fascist ideals. Each will sound somewhat similar to the way Hitler operated, but one is just annoying, while the other is actually dangerous. I don't really know enough about this issue specifically to make a judgement call, but IMO it is important not go straight to the extreme unless the issue is actually extreme. If it's just regular corruption (meaning the camps are here to make money for certain people) for example, and people being hurt just happens because of negligence, it is different than if the camps are here to actually hurt people. Corruption and negligence are important things to solve as well of course, but the way you solve them is very different to the way you combat systemic dehumanization and fascism.
It's really not a big deal. At higher levels wasting your concentration on hex is silly for important fights, and without the invocation the damage really isn't even that great.
It's a really cool idea, but if you care about effectiveness like it seems from this comment then you should know this whole setup doesn't actually give you much. For a 3rd level spell plus a 2nd level spell each round, you get one attack, dealing (assuming greatsword), 2d6 + Strength modifier (likely 3), for an average of 10. If you just used firebolt, you would do 2d10 for an average of 11, likely with a higher "to hit" bonus, since it's based on Intelligence rather than Strength or Dexterity. Of course, effectiveness is not all, and I am sure this will be very fun to play.
That sounds super cool. Personally I would much rather have that than Classic WoW. Hopefully if Classic is successful enough they will implement this for people who wish for the social aspects of Classic, but with the improvements of contemporary WoW like personal loot and more complex dungeon mechanics.
Fubuki is way hotter, but Tatsumaki is the one who he could relate with the most. She is also one of the most powerful entities in the world, and her power affected her physically (stunned growth vs baldness).
Holy shit! You're right!
They already are learning from Classic though. They talk about changes they wish to do in the latest Ion video. There is nothing wrong with being optimistic, especially for minor changes, rather than major overhauls.
&gt;For example, you called personal loot an improvement, but its the biggest driving factor in the current gearing system. I don't see how they are related at all. You can slow down the rate of items while keeping things personal. Fighting over items, having people steal loot, or even just having to wait for your turn after other guild members all feel pretty bad to me, with the first two being worse of course. Adding gear vendors in addition to personal loot with much lower drop rates than current WoW will IMO be the best solution. You slowly work toward items, and don't have to compete with people over your stuff.
It's definitely very hard. The thing is, I only saw the first few minutes of the video and already I feel it is way too simplified and thus not good. I am not sure of the actual definition of fascism, but the video just focuses on white power, which might work for most cases in the USA, but in most of the world it does not. It is better to call on specific opinions and actions, rather than throw a general "fascist" call. Noting the lack of funding to public schools in order to hurt minorities is better than just saying "racist", because while the latter can be just ignored as an aside, ignoring the former will be noticeable.
You have to realize that for most people when you dislike something you have a much higher chance of commenting than for when you like something. Support for a thing online =/= actual support from the fanbase.
Because they don't enjoy it?
Yeah, just gain 100 horses and have them mate for a few years.
That was done insanely well. Movement felt like high quality animation.
Dunning-Kruger is about the worst and the best. This guy is in diamond league, so doesn't really apply. I do think their theory being correct does mean they understand the game well. It could be coincidence just as much as it could be that they analyzed the composition and found it to work. Just because one unit composition they talked about became meta does not make them a Starcraft guru.
&gt;ok here comes potential ban and downvotes enmasse Just how big is your persecution complex?
It's not just some cave. It's a temple to one of the Betrayer Gods. The remains might be of a powerful adventurer who fell to the horrors of this place.
Way better to twin it instead. If you cast it as a 1st level spell it costs the same amount of sorcery points (1), and deals double damage (assuming you're not fighting a single boss monster).
I can see him going with a big machine gun and constantly creating ammo for it.
I imagine a god as being huge for some reason, so the blade would also be huge and so not usable by the players.
Dragons are specifically stronger than their CR, as noted by the designers. Still I do think that almost any CR 20+ will be a very deadly fight and it's unlikely Matt will put one out even if they can beat it. An example of a CR 21 creature is the Astral Dreadnought. It has 20 AC and 297 HP. On average it will do 132 damage in a round using its action and legendary actions. This means it will put Yasha at 0 HP after 2 rounds. Then another round to reduce Fjord or Beau to 0 hit points. I think the MIX can deal 100 damage each round, so they should win.
You should try Co-op if you haven't. It's much less stressful than normal Starcraft.
Does she have a non-crazy ex? She dated both Arthas, and Kael'thas.
No, it would still be way better than an uncommon item. Spell attacks are many times more rare than spell saving throws, especially for high level spells. There is just no reason to add +save DC items. It doesn't make the game better, only breaks it.
You really don't understand balance at all. Stop giving bad advice.
Just because you don't have power gamers at you table does not make the item less powerful. \+ to save DC items add nothing to the game but break it. Just being more powerful is not interesting at all. And sure, it doesn't seem like that much, but it's meaningful, and will become broken as they reach higher levels. Even if your group does not care about balance, simple +1/2/3 items don't really add anything to the game. There are much better ways to give items to spellcasters. My favorite is extra spells known.
Yeah, if you know whether something is true or not it stops being a theory for you.
You can have multiple sessions for a single day in-world. And they did see it, sort of. They give a variant rule to solve it called gritty realism. It changes short rests to require 8 hours of sleep, and long rests a week of downtime.
People say it gets too easy because for them it did. Everyone has different tactical skill and experience. For people who have played strategy games competitively, Tactician is fun and hard at times, but toward the end can be quite easy by using certain skills and tactics. Some people are really good at these kind of games, mostly due to experience, but that should not influence your game experience. IMO you should play in a difficulty that challenges you, but you can still pass by just playing as you do. Some fights should take a few tries, but most should be passed on the first go.
Damn, for 1 hour of work you can make 6000 berries. You can basically feed a whole small city by yourself.
[There is an official short story that details the thoughts of an overlord after it has been free for quite some time.](https://www.ign.com/wikis/starcraft-2/Just_an_Overlord#JUST_AN_OVERLORD) It is quite beautiful and a very good story IMO, so I recommend reading it. Sadly it seems Blizzard deleted the stories from their website, but luckily other sites have saved them.
Point at heart.
What if it was a feminine dick?
Hopefully they allow 6-stacks to choose any amount of roles.
I feel like warrior would be more fit for throwing weapons. Would allow us to play the classic troll ax thrower. Fel-infused bowman sounds super cool though, so would love to see a ranged DH.
That seems more like the Vanilla warrior who had a ranged weapon alongside their melee one rather a full ranged spec.
To make things simpler. Instead of having a second set of weapons, usually acting only as stat sticks, you can just use an ability to throw your weapon (as a warrior at least, I don't play a rogue). IIRC you didn't have any actual skills for the ranged weapon, so the new weapon throw and the old ranged attack act basically the same only you now don't need to worry about getting the secondary weapon, and Blizzard does not need to balance rogues, warriors, and hunters having extra stats.
City Watch with the inquisitor archetype and you got Sherlock Holmes. Noble can also be the son of the a mob boss. Take the retainers variant as subordinates and it works pretty well.
God damn it now I need context so I am going to read the whole manga.
I assume it only works once per spell.
Dunning-Kruger in full effect here. They can't fathom it being hard for people since for them it is not.
Lvl 20 bear totem barbarian with 24 Con has 285 HP and resistance to both damage types, so is able to survive this.
I think it is as the OP described it. The DM is just new and does not understand the game yet so he made many OP homebrews.
You will 100% be spoiled to some degree if you visit that subreddit, no matter how well they do with tags.
Most of the short stories Blizzard published back in the day were well done. I read them all. On mobile atm, but just google starcraft short stories and you should find them. I think the site I posted has the rest as well.
Why care so much about karma? Usually the issue is it means being less visible, but you deleted the comment so you obviously don't care about that.
Sobs into pillow.
I see this as an absolute win.
Will she start training with it, becoming a fighter? Will she see it as the symbol of hope that it can be and become a paladin? Will she start hearing it talking and make a pact with it, becoming a warlock? Will she see it as a sign and start praying, becoming a cleric? Will she try lifting it and it will be too heavy for her, so she studies to lift it via a spell and becomes a wizard? Will she go to pick it up, but on the way her bloodline manifests and she becomes a sorcerer? Will she ignore the sword and just convince the adventurer to take her under his wing regardless, becoming a bard?
Monks are still able to deflect bullets and throw them back doing the same damage. While they can't do much vs machine guns, a few monks could definitely defend vs a few gunmen as they close down the distance and pummel them down. Barbarians might take a bit more damage from guns than from bows, but they likely will still survive a few rounds and be able to close down the distance vs the likely unarmored gunmen.
Are you making fun of sharks?
Burnings hands is fine levels 3-4, but afterwards it is generally not worth it. You need to target 3+ creatures in order to even do more damage than just attacking twice, and with it being just a 15-foot cone, it is hard to do. I suggest sone utility spells so you are useful out of combat.
In my games range mattered a whole lot. Unless you only fight in tight quarters, it should be relevant constantly. There have been many fights that started further than 90 feet, so the ranger couldn't hunter's mark. And many times the enemies try to flee while having faster movement than the PCs, meaning only those with enough range could try to hit them before they fully escape.
There is no need since the meaning is obvious and this is homebrew. If someone starts arguing RAW on a homebrew you simply don't allow them to use it anymore.
Also, she managed to invent a spell already while so young, meaning she must have quite the talent for magic.
It is enough time to rebuild a city.
Isn't a mana flask that fills as you kill things just a generator - spender resource system which many people on this sub constantly criticize?
Because build cities in good locations. If it was built once it probably has enough reasons to be built again. You can also use the ruins as building materials, making rebuilding cheaper since you don't need to transport as many heavy stones.
The rules are not universe rules, but game rules. We use the spell's wording and type's classifications instead of figuring out specific cases like you're describing, and we do so simply because it's easier. You will always be able to find inconsistencies, because it's not meant to be a full-proof system. Still, you should just go with the spell wording and not try to break things, because it is a game.
Cyrus specifically says he wasn't at Theramore. He didn't go with Daelin, but instead stayed for Taelia's sake.
People discuss flight as a problem only at the early levels. It is expexted to have party-wide flight or other method of travel by 13 (which is the mininum for a rogue in your comparison). In levels 1-4 however, flying solves many issues the +7 to stealth rogue will have problems with.
Artificers can replicate any common magic item from Xanathar's. Says so right at the last paragraph of "Replicate Magic Item".
No, hexblade is stronger than other patrons because they get medium armor and shield proficiencies, as well as all other features. Their defenses are way better than most other warlocks.
Sounds like the Protoss from Starcraft. Angels as taking no half measures sounds like a great base to making them antagonists. A demon cult is spreading in a city and it's impossible to find its members within the populace - then destroy the city with holy fire.
That makes me think of some angels who are not guided by a god coming down to kill children. They can magically read alignment and thus know the children who are the most evil and will likely grow up to be villains. That could happen if the angels, as beings without true free will, could not comprehend mortal morality and the capacity for change.
Okay? The DM has complete control over it. How will that screw up anything? You don't get to chose which gift you get.
The insta-death part is part of the lore. By making them not actually deadly you're making them less cool. You've turned a dangerous beast into a odd looking punching bag. It's okay to make mistakes as a new DM, but you should try and learn from them. Fudging is fine, if that is the kind of story you want to run. It doesn't work well for giving your players an actual feeling of danger though.
From my experience, most players will rather die fighting than flee from combat. This plan can easily break down.
Definitely agree. And it can be hard to tell as well. Some players even say they would be fine with a "dangerous" game, but actually don't want harsh consequences. Knowing your group is key for a good game. Which is why whenever I play with new people I try to keep things way less deadly than I normally like, because it is easier to ramp things up than reverse a bad experience.
If you keep the monster ability to instantly kill, but then fudge, then the monster will never be able to reduce a PC to 0, meaning no sense of danger. Basically a part of the monster's power is never even revealed to the players. Hidden lore means nothing. It's classic "show, don't tell".
And the DM follows PC rules for some reason? Why? NPCs don't and shouldn't follow PC creation rules, so the DM can just give any power they want to the druid NPC.
Definitely agree, and my criticism was not about the monster's ability, but on deciding to fudge dice.
IMO other planes is more Religion than Arcana. It is the only way I managed to make Religion relevant in my games beyond a handful of rolls for the whole campaign.
From my experience it's just less relevant. Usually when they need to learn of a god, it is because they met a follower of them, and then they can just ask about that god. And even for cults, they usually only just need to make 1 or 2 Religion checks for the whole arc about them. Once you realize the cult is evil, there is not much checks needed, since you understand you need to destroy them. Compare that to Arcana, which comes up every time they want to identify a spell, magical materials, etc. Also, myths start to blend quite a bit with History checks. It is somewhat problematic.
Only if you deal physical damage to them. It would make them way hardier to fire/acid/etc damage.
I am a dwarf with a read beard, am I doing something wrong?
But you have to lose your virginity as a woman.
AC is weird. Funnily enough, hitting a wooden door is harder than hitting a human commoner.
And IMO causing damage to a puddle of black goo is also pretty hard.
Who is going to pay these people for their time? OP has 2 kids and has to take care of them. I bet he can't volunteer much.
Vorpal weapons specifically only work on a 20.
r/ihavemoney
Yo don't. The fact that people want to be carried is moronic.
I mean, that is my point. Buying rewards is stupid. You earn rewards.
I don't blame anyone, I pity them. I'd wager most don't earn the gold in-game, but buy game token with real money. And paying real money for in-game rewards is sad.
I am not saying it's sad because they're throwing away money. I am saying it's sad because rewards are meaningless if you don't properly earn them. Without the effort, the reward is just pixels. They are literally paying money for other people to play the game for them. Maybe they forgot it's a game, not a job. And the journey matters more than the destination.
It's actually once per short or long rest.
They edited it. Said once per day at first.
I actually am not subscribed atm. And again, it is not about the amount spent. Did you even read my comments before being snarky?
Are you a child? What is wrong with you.
It basically has zero playtest atm.
Actually it does! Bedroll is just easier than finding a bed.
Fair enough, for cosmetics it's fine. Still, I don't think this is true for most people who get carries. I might be wrong of course, and there is no way to actually check this.
If you earn all of your gold then it is basically like any other trade. My only issue is with the pay-to-win model of buying progress in the game. You're a good example for carries.
Being in the army is not badass.
Spongebob is dubbed to many languages. OP just translated it for Reddit. The joke works in most languages I bet.
Actually they made the girl useful in the definitive edition.
Their second game is actually in the same setting as the first, they just started on a different continent.
Path of the beast is very cool theme-wise, but is just weak compared to totem or zealot. The main benefit is being able to carry a shield while still doing good damage, which is pretty meh IMO.
Or you can use a shield, since the claws don't specify you need to have both hands free.
The item actually only lets you cast 1 cantrip you don't know in a day. Cantrips can be pretty strong depending on the circumstance.
This logic fails since you get advantage even if the target has no Dex bonus. So somehow hitting a naked 20 Dex rogue is still harder than a 10 Dex commoner, for absolutely no in-universe reason. IMO this is one aspect that shouldn't have been simplified in 5e. Different AC for being flat footed and for touch attacks is pretty intuitive, which means it's actually less complicated to understand for a new player.
It's not more complicated, but it is more book keeping. You have to keep a normal AC, a flat-footed AC, a touch AC, and a flat-footed and touch AC. That said, 3 more values on your sheet is not a good argument against having different types of AC. The main problem with reverting things now for WotC is that they would have to go to all the monster stats and spells, and change values, and that is not something they are willing to do. For a home game though, you could easily go case-by-case as they come, making things much easier.
I actually don't do AC any different than RAW, because I have some players who are real sticklers to rules change. Would love to tinker with AC and other rules, but you got to know your group when you consider using homebrew.
The only problem is once you factor in sharpshooter and depending on how ruled, you basically have +15 to hit.
That if the bow makes it so your + to hit is always 10, then sharpshooter is basically +10 damage for free, since the -5 to hit is not counted. And if you say it is counted, then it is not a static +10 to hit, then what about the archery fighting style, is it counted?
The incapacitated condition is not the same as being unconscious. You just can't use any actions. For example, you can still move while incapacitated, though there are only few effects that just make you incapacitated, most also inflict some other condition that reduces your movement to 0.
You can change difficulty for Gwent, so put it on easy until you get some better cards.
You're being downvoted for calling the ability OP.
Saying it seems OP is pretty much the same as calling it OP.
The flavor only makes sense if the activity is related to the god. Praying to the goddess of magic for guidance for understanding a magical creation - flavorful. Praying to the goddess of magic for guidance on busting down a mundane door - doesn't really feel right.
It works mechanically, as does any spell, but it is just not really flavorful. That's all.
Here is my fix for the feat, I split it into two different styles: **Dual Wielder:** Prerequisite: Dexterity 13 or higher You master fighting with two weapons, gaining the following benefits: - After you use your reaction to make an opportunity attack using a melee weapon that you're holding in one hand, you gain another reaction which you can only use to make one opportunity attack using a different melee weapon that you are holding in the other hand. You can only gain extra reaction with this feat between your turns. - When you engage in two-weapon fighting, you can make the extra attack as part of the attack action instead of requiring a bonus action. - You gain a +1 bonus to AC while you are wielding a separate melee weapon in each hand. - If you make a weapon attack and miss, the next attack roll you make against the target before the end of the turn has advantage if it is made with a different weapon. **Powerful Grip** Prerequisites: Strength 13 or higher. Your might allows you precise control over larger weapons. You gain the following benefits: - You can use two-weapon fighting even when the one-handed melee weapons you are wielding aren't light. - If your size is medium or larger, you can attack with a two-handed melee weapon while wielding it with only one hand. The attack roll is made with disadvantage if the weapon has the heavy property. - When you engage in two-weapon fighting, as long as all attacks you make during the turn target the same creature or object, you can make two attack rolls with disadvantage using the second weapon, instead of the one regular two-weapon fighting attack. - You can throw any weapon to a normal range of 15 feet and a maximum range of 40 feet, even if it lacks the thrown property or its thrown ranges are shorter.
I don't think this applies here. You are forced to live in society because the alternative is really terrible. In comparison, there are many excellent alternatives to WoW, be it other video games, or something else. If you are actively paying for WoW then you must not hate it completely. That said, OP is being pretty weirdly negative and overly against any criticism.
Yeah, that's true. The saying still doesn't fit in this scenario.
Which builds?
You could just remove the perquisites if they bother you. Judge the feats without them.
The point is you can use the extra reaction on a different creature.
Dio in part one definitely toys with Jojo. He doesn't fight him directly at first, allowing Jojo to get stronger.
Just because the DMG says this does not make it true for all games, or logical. Consider a +1 splint armor. It would only cost 200 + 500 gp, so 800 gp cheaper than plate while giving the same benefits. Magic items economy just doesn't work well if the items are cheap and plentiful.
Are you sure about that? Then how about cloak of protection, which I am 100% sure is uncommon and also gives you +1 to all saves. And there are many more items like that.
Yeah, having a base of operations is cool.
I like how its sexualized without being overly detailed.
I guess it's an old meme and many already forgot it.
An attack within 5 feet is a critical hit, which counts as 2 failed saves. So you only need 3 attacks to kill a PC, or even 2, if the PC is right after the monster and fails their save.
Shields like WC3 footmen? Sounds cool.
Stop being passive-aggressive already.
Bishop doesn't matter much here. Queen is great though.
Clerics get ritual casting by themselves.
How is 300 gp a lot of money? It's not nothing, but at this point of the campaign it is barely noticeable. I am pretty sure Jester spent about as much just for pranks where you make things float.
The jump from killing rats to becoming a level 1 fighter is pretty huge. There has to be more to that backstory or else it feels super silly. Where did the PC learn how to use all types of armor and weapons? Doubtful they learned much from being an exterminator. Still, assuming eventually the rats were actually a threat, then the Folk Hero backround fits fine.
The PHB backgrounds give basis to meaningful backstories that can be easily tied to the story. Why would the miner who found a weird crystal go on an adventure? He might go to the local temple or sage for guidance. but I would find it odd a person who never seeked adventure suddenly goes to one out of the blue, unless the powers are dangerous to him or some other issue arises. The fact that the PC was once a miner is likely to never matter in the campaign. Compare that to being an acolyte, meaning part of a religious order, or being an outlander, meaning you probably made connections in many places, etc. Your background should add to your backstory and to the world. A good background gives you a solid foundation for your character that makes sense even after they went adventuring. "I was a solider in the king's army" defines you and will potentially come back to you during the campaign. You are still a soldier, just to a different cause. "I was peaceful miner/farmer for 30 years" is no longer relevant once you set out into the world. You are not longer a miner now.
This only works if you look at the game world as a *game* world, rather than a living breathing place. In-universe there is no such thing as experience points, so killing rats is not and should not be a proper backstory for a non-joke character.
I think you are missing my point.
Besides the silliness of killing rats to level up as if you were on the Southpark episode of "Love, not Warcraft", it just fails at almost all reasonable backstory requirements. Having your character suddenly be good at something without explanation nor reason does not make for good story. The DM cannot build on either the boring farmer life, nor on the boring time as an exterminator. If you're playing any kind of serious game, playing with a backstory completely non-related to adventuring life is a mistake. It is the same thing as having everyone in your past be dead, which is a classic new player move. So if you wish for a silly game, I am sure the WoW-esque backstory will be fun for a while, but otherwise even a plain "I was tutored by an experienced master" is enough to make the story be part of the world.
Pretty sure half-elf wasn't her real form.
Or allow them to auto succeed, like they do right now.
Luke didn't gain his Jedi powers by killing rats. He had a master train him.
I agree with everything you said, except a level 5 wizard is more like a bachelor degree in math, and 9th level spells are the hardest theorems in the world in obscure subjects. Having a book of all spells won't directly help you advance in levels, but if you have enough gold and time will help you gain more versatility and knowledge. Thus, you're more likely to survive and advance, and eventually gain excess to those high level spells.
The cost was Arthas's own soul.
Or his Charisma modifier through his aura if he somehow concluded his AC is a saving throw.
Ah, you're right.
I am not sure I would call 30 feet "the range of a caster". Most spells have a range of 60 or more feet, and many have a range of 120 or more feet.
[The Heart of the Swarm cinematic is still the best in my opinion.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVbeoSPqRs4)
The amounts are pocket change for the billionaires buying the politicians.
Yeah, and even without magic items, you still likely took a fighting style and even a feat that fits only certain weapons. If you have the dueling fighting style, then choosing to change up defense for damage by switching to a 2-handed weapon becomes null since the increase in damage becomes only by 0.5 average damage.
I'd say feats should not be able to be switched on a long rest. Gives a bit too much versatility IMO. Switching on a level up sounds fine though. Fighting Style is probably fine to switch on a long rest.
Are you limiting the feats you can change to just combat feats? If so then you argument works. Many noncombat feats would not work well if they could be switched all the time.
Chimps can fling stuff, but they cannot throw with enough strength behind it to do actual damage.
OP is calling people idiots for criticizing the game. He is definitely an example of a bad commenter.
&gt; Israel turns down that deal then. Yeah, that is how negotiations work. Each gives a slightly compromised deal each time until a conclusion both sides are fine with is found.
Trump insulted them and they became on his side, so it seems to work.
So you can't comment without enough karma, and can't get karma without commenting. Hmm...
Elections are not won by convincing the other side to vote for you, but by convincing the center voters and the nonvoters that voting matters.
Mundane ammunition doesn't really matter cost-wise though. And people do track magical ammunition.
This is not how Ability scores work. They are not absolute across sizes. A 19 Strength ogre is stronger than a 19 Strength human. A 1 Strength human is still able to lift 30 pounds, meaning they can still move their arms.
This is a pretty shit argument to not allow new accounts to comment here.
Bladesingers (subclass from SCAG) get light armor proficiency.
&gt; Wizard: You benefit from all the proficiencies but if you want decent AC you should focus in Dex You get medium armor proficiency, so you only need 14 Dex. So with point buy you can start with a ability scores spread of 16 14 12 16 8 8. Not the best in the world, but works fine.
That is just their excuse to not playtest them. They can be based off of monsters and still be balanced.
Many sports don't have participants interact with each other. Golf, bowling, swimming, running.
Great list. To add to it, if we're talking subclasses as well, whispers bard can literally take over someone else's form, making them a great Envy.
Would be really interesting to see how it would play out in 0 to 50000 years from now.
They should just get rid of buff/debuff limit. It won't change how the game feels except for the better.
That's not really game breaking since you only get the speed for 1 round, and then you have to stop. You also put a ton of resources into it at a level where some of your party members can just teleport any distance they want. 1 round of super speed is pretty bad on the scale of a tier 4 PC. If you were faster than a train consistently 24/7 then it would be a different story.
So the tortle just has 8 Str? He might be heavy, but to hit he would likely have to do either an Athletics check or an unarmed strike, both he would be terrible with since they are based on Strength.
No, that feat was published in the campaign book years after the start of the campaign as a justification for an house rule. At the start they didn't understand balance in 5e at all and just allowed all casters to ignore the cantrip restriction and cast 2 leveled spells in 1 turn. Eventually that got tuned down so one of the spells has to be up to a 2nd level spell. Matt eventually understood that house rule is dumb, as he didn't allow it in the 2nd campaign.
Potentially.
That is an insanely cool mechanic. Mechagon is such a unique place.
Yeah, that sucks. Balance can be pretty hard, but Blizzard should probably be more active in balancing stuff.
The strongest invocations require level 15, so it probably should do the same. Conforming to past game design is good.
I think the amount of times where you encounter a lock without a key is many times larger than the amount of times where you see a key first and then need to pick the fitting lock. So I don't think this is a real issue. Also, anyone can get thieves' tools proficiency via their backround, and anyone can buy the actual tools. So anyone can potentially pick locks anyways.
Those just sound like player issues over feature issues. The DM should just say no to the unreasonable requests, and if the player continues to demand unreasonable things, kick the player. The items created are based on PC knowledge and are obviously magical. The limits are very clear. A lenient DM could allow a key the PC has never seen before to be made with a successful Intelligence (thieves' tools) check, and that sounds like a very fun usage of the ability. As long as everyone are playing cooperatively and with good intention, there is nothing wrong with the ability. It encourages creativity, which means it is a good ability.
The biggest reason it's dumb is that it makes spellcasters stronger in a system where high level spellcasters already dominate. The following arguments don't really matter after this fact, but I presented them anyways. Resource management is important, but most fights tend to last a very short while. Meaning each turn matters a lot. If you disable foes quickly you actually save resources since you won't need to spend those resources later. If you have 6-8 resources-draining encounters per day then it becomes less of an issue, but I doubt you do as most tables don't. Additionally, it makes certain spells a lot better. Misty step usually restricts your action, but now you can be more mobile than the rogue while still casting high level spells. Spiritual weapon can be used on the first turn of combat together with spiritual guardians, meaning a free extra attack over the normal situation.
That is not really that big of an issue. Shepard druids get to cast a 9th level conjure animals at level 14. And you could just rebalance to spell to fit level 15 instead.
Considering he kept some other house rules, nah. He also uses a ton of homebrew.
So does 2000 years ago matters or not? Make up your mind.
You are talking as if Europeans are saints. As if Europeans didn't participate in the same wars. As if they are still not doing bad stuff all the time.
I actually did have at least 1 linked combat encounter that took more than 1 minute. More enemies kept coming out but the battle never stopped for the whole minute. I remember since the party cleric spent 1 minute casting animate dead and actually finished the spell during the battle encounter.
Well, first she will have 30 Dex and 30 Cha due to the ability score increase books they managed to find. These can be used once every 100 years for an extra +2 to a specific ability score, up to 30. Beyond that, who knows.
That requires Strength more than Dexterity. If anything, it would be Strength (Acrobatics), and still, I wouldn't allow it unless there are multiple ledges to jump from side to side.
Yeah, you're still a full caster with Expertise, Jack of All Trades, and Bardic Inspiration. Expertise alone can make you shine in whatever you want to do.
I am really surprised there are undead and constructs which are not immune to poison. Wonder what are they.
Thank you. I can see how that works for the fleshies, but it's really odd that flameskulls are not immune. They are basically fire elemental - skeleton hybrid.
Trickery cleric, spore druid both use poison damage a lot as a base attack.
Some of the level 15 invocations are bonkers. I'd wait to take them
I don't think that example works quite as well, since these 2 countries speak different languages and are composed of different ethnicities. US states are not ethno states and share much more with each other.
You could potentially land a few barracks near the tank and produce marines right on top of it to kill it? If you distract the rest of the enemy units away from the tank it might work.
You might be able to lure them out with more flying barracks? Depends on their leash range.
Haha nice. 4 hellions is pretty rough yeah. Would probably need to create some kind of artificial choke to beat them without losses.
He would use second wind while switching positions.
I know right, I just watched it 7 months ago!
Do you have bunkers in that mission? I am not sure.
That is fair. I disagree with the exact line of hostility that should be allowed, (sounds odd to write, but when you think about it, even something like "you're wrong" is somewhat hostile, but should obviously be allowed, so there is a line where hostility becomes too much and before that it is allowed) but IMO there should be a line, so in that sense active moderation is good. At the end of the day, things being strict here, while annoying at times, is not a deal breaker for me or else I'd've had left already.
I don't think OP is talking from the DM's perspective, but the party's perspective. As in, the party power-games so only the guy with the best stat does the thing related that that stat.
The subreddit?
Makes you think if the polls are legitimate then.
Jordan's king is pretty liberal, but he still rules the nation. Lebanon is a democracy, but it does have a ton of foreign influence from Syria and Iran in it, so it is not completely autonomous.
Where are you from?
Why does that matter?
Would you say no if I gave you a dollar?
Rocks are deadly. A guy died from a rock to the head about 2 weeks ago.
Genocide? I suggest you google Palestinian population and see if it is rising or falling.
Most of Israel's Jews are brown. Less than half came from Europe.
You are aware America does worse things itself everyday, right?
IRL, do you always let your more charismatic friend talk over you? If you're out shopping, do you always let them talk to the shop keeper in hopes they get a better deal? The definition of powergaming is to game for winning over story. If you only put the charismatic guy in front then you ignore the other PCs individuality. You're willing to reduce the quality of the story so that you succeed more.
Sure, buddy.
Hopefully he had enough padding.
Can you right now describe how to make a smartphone from scratch without any modern tools? Current technology is built upon many layers of past technology. Even just building a basic Turing machine will likely take you years.
Fair enough, I missed that part.
But there is a soul. It's just the same soul every time. So the taste might get repetitive, but I don't see why there is guaranteed to be problems with nourishment.
Yeah, revised ranger is too focused on combat. It is part of why WotC decided to abandon it and go with variant features instead.
Stop gatekeeping asshole.
Yeah, the Searing Gorge dwarves are just Ragnaros cultists.
You start honored with Kul Tiras though.
Why "not really"? Exchanging sexual acts for money is the definition of prostitution.
Yeah, but stories should have consistent logic. If you got a master bowman that is able to easily hit a target 600 feet away that behind 3/4 cover while the bowman cannot see, is prone, and is distracted, then that bowman missing the same amount of shots against a target 20 feet away breaks away the suspension of disbelieve. There is a balance to be had between complexity and logic, and discussing the line where simplicity is more important than logic is good. I don't see why you would want to discourage discussion.
Also certain items like the Book of Exalted Deeds.
That is why I said there is a line with this thing. The dice system by itself is good enough to maintain the illusion while still being a game. You don't have to go all or nothing.
Aside from theme, which most people won't have, why go for the CR 15 dragon over the CR 17 one?
Being able to resurrect 3 people per day for free is pretty cool. Also being a living lie detector that can speak all languages is an interesting perk.
While dragons or fiends are cool, if you really want to spice things up go for an elder brain. You don't move much, but you can create an Illithid army to serve you and conquer worlds.
I've just had a silly idea, what if Blizzard allowed the players to vote with their wallets on stuff ingame? Make a store pet that if enough people buy, the money that was collected from it will go to remaking Gilneas. Or create several pets, each for a different zone, and the top selling pet will get that zone to be remade with all the revenue from these pets. That way we could finally get Silvermoon rebuilt, or another old zone.
I mean, that part is pretty realistic.
That is a darn fine reason.
I based it on SC2 warchest. SC2 wouldn't have a lot of tournament money without it.
That sounds almost like a natural disaster. If one of those gets into a local graveyard or comes around after a big battle, holy shit that is a lot of wild undead.
Just let him regain 1 Int per long rest. It would still feel meaningful as it would take quite a while, but is not the end of the world.
That feels so wrong to do, but you're right. Hard to react in time for something so unexpected though for the first time.
Usually, but not always. My players recently were in a situation where an enemy would return back to its base in less than an hour but more than 10 minutes
I'd say the classic troll witch doctor has elements from shaman, mage, and priest. Mostly shaman, but still.
Also, warlocks can use their invocations to be able to cast specific spells at will, as if they were cantrips. Not managing resources sounds like what OP wants, and that gives it to you.
Hex + scorching ray is indeed pretty decent single target damage. At level 9+ you can do up to 18d6 if all beams hit, for an average of 63 damage. This is on par with a sharpshooter fighter's action surge average of 78 damage, since that has a bonus to hit 3 lower than the scorching rays. Thing is, if your fireball hits even just 2 targets, it will do more damage on average. AoE spells are just way better in most situations.
You forgot about air units.
Stop pretending to be Israeli. No one uses Zionism in a sentence like that here.
A very rough translation is 100$ for 1 gp, so you got about 127 grand. You can buy a small house, about 16 horses, or a fancy car (equivalent to a magic item)
The only situation where it's useful is for barbarians or valor bards who like to grapple. Those don't get fighting styles, so being able to switch from wielding the weapon 2-handed to 1-handed and grappling someone is good.
Why care so much? The difference is not huge. PHB version of EK is worse than battlemaster. With these buffs EK might be a bit stronger, but only a bit.
&gt; racial bias for stats always felt too close to eugenic-like thinking for my liking This is not different human skin colors, this is like comparing a chimpanzee and a human, if the chimp had relative levels of intelligence. Chimps are stronger than humans on average, that is just how the world works. Maybe the problem is the name. Instead of race it should be specie, or something similar. Making all fantasy species be exactly the same as human is pretty uninspired. Elves are faster and lither, orcs are more than twice as strong as humans, etc. IMO it should be even defined. Restriction breeds creativity.
People asked you to list all the changes. How do you expect us to discuss things properly if you only list half the changes in the OP?
That is only if they hold their breath. If they are not aware they are about to be choked then they won't hold their breath and thus will be immediately suffocating, meaning they survive for a number of rounds equal to their Con mod before being reduced to 0 hit points and beginning to make death saving throws.
Most people don't switch race like that.
The same happened to me and it easily got fixed the next day, so it's not necessarily consistently tedious.
Seems that in TvP Terran is better at the early game, but way worse at the late game. In the lategame where Toss gets both storm and colossus, I guess most Terrans are unable to deal with it.
Sounds like barbarian to me. Flavor rage to be magically donning the armor, which grants you protection and damage.
Now if only the breath weapon wasn't terrible.
It's obviously put there so you can't use the spell like you described. Changing it breaks the purpose of the spell.
That's an amazing idea! Fantastic BBEG.
I think they should be CR 1/2. They are stronger than all other CR 1/4, but weaker than CR 1.
[When people call you out on your bullshit](https://imgur.com/FLCe6Zn)
They actually do 3 more damage unless you use the "average" damage values rather than roll, and I've never met a DM that does that. 1d4+2 plus 1d6+2 is 10 damage on average. And 3 extra damage is quite a lot when the wolf's damage is 7. It's about 43% increase in damage. Even if you took the "average" values, the raptor's damage would be about 29% higher than the wolf's. Also, prone doesn't matter since they get advantage anyways due to pack tactics, and tiny size can be beneficial sometimes and detrimental other times.
It's actually way more powerful than that. AFAIK there are no official items that specifically increase spell save DC for any spellcaster other than warlock. Warlocks are allowed to have it because they have so few spells. There are items that increase ability score or proficiency bonus, but even those are mostly very rare or higher. Messing with save DC is a bad call in 5e. So /u/Dragoborn93, please don't do it.
She was never Alliance. She tricked the Alliance into following her, but those two things are different. You can't be a traitor if you never actually followed the faction you betrayed.
Ah, the classic "both sides are the same". For when you don't want to actually think about stuff.
Might be ignoring each other for some reason.
I am pretty sure most people here did high level instances way more than they did low level ones.
Were we told that? I thought she only met the Jailer after she impaled herself on the spikes in Icecrown following the Lich King's death. So before the end of WotLK she would be considered Horde.
You thought your own joke was funny? Go figures.
I assume your table has been wrong using Acrobatics for climbing and jumping rather than properly use Athletics. You don't even mention Athletics in the Str section.
I disagree that the feat represents nurture. Humans naturally have more ambition and learn quicker.
The specific feat you choose might be related to your culture, but the capacity to choose a feat comes naturally. Saying humans are naturally worse than all other races and it's just their culture that is better is pretty uninspired and doesn't make sense in the common fantasy world where humans rule. Not to mention there are many other races that about as long as humans or even less. They would likely be even more pushed to develop their craft quickly.
That is a shit load of bad information. In addition to everything already said by others before me, only monks can use their bonus action to dodge.
But what PC takes *power word kill?* The only classes that get the spell are those that can't switch their spells on a long rest, so you'd have to sacrifice one of your spells known on a bad 9th-level spell. So if the PCs have *power word kill*, it's likely because they planned to finish off this BBEG once and for all, and IMO that sounds like a cool ending that comes after a lot of planning and discussing over at least the time that took to gain 1 level.
When you commented there were only 2 people that could be considered "fanboys", and only 1 hostile to OP, so I hope you had enough fun with your victim complex.
For wizards it is even worse to get that bad spell. You can't even switch it out from your spellbook on a level up.
So this post is just a commercial for the book?
OP said the AC increase is temporary. In that case it is fine as long as it is 1/day, similary to aasimar ability.
What I meant is that you have to pick it as one of your level-up spells. And not all campaigns have spell scrolls for purchase. Anyways, according to Xanathar's, it costs 250,000 gp to scribe a 9th-level spell scroll, and it takes 48 weeks to do so. Even at max level this is not pocket change, nor do most campaigns allow you to just sit at home for years on end.
And why are you assuming the wizard has access to such a spell book?
I mean, technically you can't attack by RAW, but if they are holding you then you ought to be able to attack their arm. This is a case where IMO any decent DM will make a ruling you can still attack them.
Fair. I forgot some creatures have implements that can grapple.
The actual lesson is to not be a prude. Accepting your partner for who they are and were &gt; not knowing who your partner was.
While that is right mechanically, I am not sure if I would go for such a small difference. Judging things solely based on whether you can pass a skill check means that the difference between the smartest human alive (Int of 20) and someone with severe mental retardation (Int of 3) is only that the former knows 20 of 20 facts and the latter knows only 11. So 8 Int should be quite a big drop thematically-wise. Not a huge one so that you lack complete knowledge, but more like a person with very bad investigating thinking. Another way to look at it is that each -1 or +1 to your modifier is 10 less or more IQ, so 8 Int would be 90 IQ.
They should have, but people aren't perfect. OP should still take the lesson to heart.
Okay, then ignore the 3 Int part and just compare 10 Int with 20. Does the smartest man alive only know 33% more facts than the average Joe? (15 facts vs 20 facts)
And my point is that mechanically an Int 20 is not going to be as mechanically better as they should be than an Int 10. So at that point for theme you should ignore the mechanics and just pick what you want. If you want a super dumb Int 8 person then do it, and if you want a smart Int 8 person then also do it. The mechanics are broken anyways.
Is it just me, or does the map on its side look quite similar to Eastern Kingdoms from WoW? Probably coincidence.
I'd say a big part of a dragon's strength comes from it being able to fly away to make hit and run attacks. Their breath weapon will generally do way more than their physical attacks, and so if they can't move they rely on luck for it to recharge, rather than be able to wait until it's recharged. Of course, due to the *enlarge* being concentration, it is likely to fade after a single breath weapon usage.
I think in the DMG there is actually a table specifically for scroll reading failures. So I would consider using it instead of the sorcerer wild magic table. BTW, I do the same, but I give the reader disadvantage if the spell is both not on their spell list and it is too high a level for them to cast.
Neither did Palestine, so it's not true to say he was Palestinian. He was Judean.
I'd take inspiration from existing stories of angels turning mortal. I personally know only of one, but I am sure there are more. So check out Tyrael from Diablo 3.
I wasn't aware graffiti rots.
So would you say you are, neutral?
Haven't played any in quite a while, but my favorites are Photon Cycles (unique Tron-like 3rd person bike battle), Assassins (basically multiplayer Assassin Creed, really fun, lots of fake-outs and reading the thinking of your opponents), Sniper Promod (quick shooting, a lot of line of sight manipulation and people-reading skill) All of those are no longer popular, but you can probably still find players for them if you search hard enough. Back in the day Photon Cycle specifically was one the most popular games.
Barbarians are definitely tanks due to **reckless attack**. It doesn't force people to attack you, but it sure does incentivize them to do it. If they don't attack you then you basically always have free advantage vs them.
I am not sure what you mean. Smart enemies will either escape, or try to deal with the most dangerous foe first. If you mean the enemy will just try to stay away from the barbarian while still fighting the others, then I don't see how they can do that for more than 1 round unless they can fly or the party is extremely spread out. Both of these things should be pretty rare. An average barbarian can move up to 80 feet in a round if they take the Dash action, which should be enough to reach the enemy in most situations.
I know it might seem an odd fit at first, but consider druid for a spider-man build. Druid has a lot of spells that mechanically fit the theme and just need reflavoring. Entangle, grasping vine, thorn whip, all work quite well for pulling and restraining people like Spider-man does. If you go for circle of the land (underdark), you also get some fitting spells: spider climb, web, greater invisibility. And if you want to make a less-faithful adaptation of Spider-man and instead focus a bit more of the spider theme, then going druid gives you the ability to actually turn into a spider! Also, you got spells like giant insect, cloudkill, and insect plague. Regardless, I'd consider taking the Alert feat, for that spider-sense warning you of danger.
Yeah, he respected it, but he messed up. He should have made 1 void ray and he would be fine. Against roaches the void ray does so much more, and even against the ravagers the void ray is not that much less dps.
This is so stupid. It's obviously supposed to be about prejudice and how you shouldn't judge someone based on their appearance, but it just doesn't work. Alligators **are** dangerous to ducks. They literally eat them. Trying to make a comparison between animals species and human appearance is pretty racist by itself.
Plus you would need to do it immediately before the fight, which means you need to know the fight is going to happen while the dragon is out of reach, and that is not exactly common since sneaking up to a dragon is really hard.
Only watched the first one so far, but it is quite funny! Thanks for posting them.
This is why swords/valor bards are the best grapplers. Multiattack and expertise. Can cast enlarge or enhance ability on yourself for advantage as well.
Paladins actually do have meaningful features. Conquest makes frightening foes a favorable option, vengeance can use their level 7 feature with polearm master for a very mobile playstyle, and redemption wants to stick close to allies to use their aura. You can still play the same as any other paladin, but the subclasses open up new playstyles.
&gt; The subclasses sounds open up new styles for sure. But each of those paladins will still perform the same set of actions over and over. Specifically for conquest paladin that is not true. You got lots of spells to choose from. Vs a big bad you will mainly go for *wrathful smite*. Vs a lot of small fry you might go *armor of Agathys* or *fear*, depending on the exact situation. You always have to decide which channel divinity to use. Vs a squishy you want to finish quickly you'll go spiritual weapon and double smite. You won't just be attacking every turn, and even if you use your action to attack, there are still lots of uses for your bonus action and you got to choose which foe to target, etc. Of course, paladins are half-casters, so it's already not a great argument for martials that they have choices since most of their choices come from spells.
It's good to hear from personal experience, but I don't get your conclusion. Spellcasters aren't that complicated either. The main thing about them is remembering what all the spells exactly do, but usually in any given situation you have an easy optimal choice, so you can write a program to act for you as a spellcaster as well. The main thing is to have meaningful choices, and conquest paladins has that. The choices don't have to be complicated for the game to be interesting.
I mean, the key witness died. You can't really find someone guilty beyond reasonable doubt without evidence. That's why they killed Epstein.
IIRC Zerg is the least played race. Something like only 1/4th of the playerbase.
Obviously their testimonies were not enough since he isn't in prison now.
Twin guiding bolt before level 5 is insanely good. You double the damage for the same cost as empower increases it by 20%. And you get 2 attacks with advantage over one.
Shadowlands launch is going to be a great time to switch realms. Very fast leveling, and gear resets.
I've used a Constitution (Performance) check to see how loud someone can shout when a player tried to call out to its party from really far away.
Actually happened to a party of mine. I also planned a cataclysm to happen a few months down the line, so they returned to a ruined world after more than 90% of the population died. Was a fun change in the campaign direction.
Depends on initiative order, it can buy nearly a whole round of potentially missed attacks. Twinned shield of faith is probably better though if you're going for defense.
Sounds cool. Most Cha skills could probably be translated to Con somehow. I can see Con (Deception) be used to hide the pain, for example if you drink poison but want to conceal it so when you give the cup to someone else they won't suspect it.
&gt; its canon since Legion at least; illidan mentions you having "an immortal soul", like him That is just for demon hunters, because demons have immortal souls. After Argus I am pretty sure that is no longer true anyways.
Even if you exclude him I'd bet the average is more than 0. For all the marathons people ran over the years, it's probable that someone had a grandchild while running.
You could split Dexterity into Dexterity and Agility. Dexterity will govern Sleight of hand, Dex-based attacks, and thieves' tools usage, while Agility will govern Acrobatics, Stealth, initiative, AC calculations for those that currently use Dex, and most Dex saving throws. It would put both new ability scores slightly below the power level of Strength. If you did it I would also split Wisdom to 2 ability scores, and then all ability scores would be about equal. Add another saving throw proficiency to everyone and it should work out fine.
The way to improve is with practice. You'll never be a good homebrewer if you don't actually homebrew. And without people actually playtesting your homebrew, you can't truly understand the issues of the specific design and so you won't really improve as a designer beyond a certain level. Some groups care a ton about balance, but some don't. If you got the latter kind then it's probably fine to try your hand at homebrew. With proper feedback and practice, eventually you'll be good enough to homebrew for groups that care about balance. You got to know your group, but just outright telling people to not make stuff themselves is the wrong move. With more people creating content you got more content out there. And with more content out there, some is bound to be quality content.
In that case you're probably right. Classes are one of the most complicated things in 5e, and it will take quite a while for a new creator to get a homebrew class right. It's probably wise to start with modifying existing subraces, feats, spells, or items, then try creating some of your own, eventually move on to races, subclasses, and monsters, and then only after you're satisfied with several of those try your hand with making a class.
You need 25 gp worth of powdered silver to make 1 vial of holy water. Doubt a level 1 character has much money.
Even if it is an unpopular opinion it is stupid to say it.
You might make 4 attacks per turn, but your speed is still 30 feet. You don't "nearly teleport" to your opponent as much as you slowly walk to them. Martials are really shafted compared they what they could and should have been.
It's an allegory. The point is that spellcasters have many tools to solve problems while fighter only get one.
What evil wizard stands within range of his enemies? Without casting shield to minimize the damage? And without contingency to teleport away when low on HP? The fighter stand no chance if the wizard is actually played rather than this white-room scenario.
Did you actually play the game? In the last act there are tons of barbarians. You were just one of them. Much stronger than the rest but still a barbarian, not "the barbarian".
It's a fucking Diablo game, what in the hell are you talking about? Competitive? With who?
How is the fighter not shallow? You're relying on outside help. Without specific items or spellcaster allies the fighter can't do anything except bash other dumb targets in front of him. Hell, the wizard can just cast invulnerability and then the fighter will never be able to win in a straight fight either.
It should have been 10 feet like all other auras.
Where is that guy with the "melee" rogue when you need him? To sum up their cool build, they use a bow and a hand crossbow with the crossbow expert feat to properly use the net without disadvantage while still getting a regular attack off. One of the few ways to really make use of the net. Another one that I know of is to be hasted and with sharpshooter, throw the net with your hasted action, and then switch a bow and fire off many shots with advantage with your regular action.
Repeating doesn't really matter than much before you got extra attack though. Getting to use a shield with a hand crossbow is nice, but you could use a javelin for the same effect. Just keep a bunch of javelins at hand. Having a magic weapon is nice, but I don't really see it as exciting. Simply doing more damage is strong but boring. I'd consider as exciting anything that bring more options to the table. It can be non-combat options like alchemy jug, or combat options like repulsion shield or horn of blasting.
Being good at one specific thing does not make artificer the best class. Regardless, a sorcerer with the gust cantrip can use levitate to basically fly 4 times per day (if they turn their 1st level slots to 2nd ones for the purpose of this theorycraft). Alchemist can give a fly speed of only 10 feet, so you're only 5 feet slower than the alchemist when going sideways, but 10 feet faster when going up or down.
Getting to use a shield with a hand crossbow is nice, but you could use a javelin for the same effect. Just keep a bunch of javelins at hand. With only 1 attack and no fighting styles there is no difference.
How many times will a 10 feet fly speed be more useful than levitate in combat? The main benefit is that you are out of range of melee opponents.
The only artificer subclass that uses weapons is the battlesmith, and those can use Int for weapon attack and damage.
Wow. What a condescending fucking comment.
