Lol
Fate people hate? Yup.
Public employees should not be able to strike.
I am in Carolina. Just kill me. I can't make it another week.
A guy came into work today for some paperwork. He had just moved from New Hampshire. Same anger.
What ideas? Trump nor the GOP have shifted anywhere policy wise. At most Trump has moved the GOP left on certain areas (not really). He is just an asshole, who acts like an ass. Or as National Review said. He takes commonly held sentiments, inflames them rhetoric then the opposition attacks the commonly held sentiment.
The SEC charges were dismissed with prejudice at a stage when Judge would usually give the prosecutor a presumption that they are correct. Saying because the SEC brought charges makes it valid, is just an authoritative argument. A poor one in light of how they were dismissed.
Idiot it was Afghanistan
That is where the operation was planned and terrorist trained. It was AQIs safe haven.
A charge for a sitting member of congress or what they have done in the course of the work as a member of congress is not possible. That is constitutionally barred.
And congressmen are immune from prosecution for their work as congressmen.
&gt;for any Speech or Debate in either House, [senators and representatives] shall not be questioned in any other place.
&gt;for any Speech or Debate in either House, [senators and representatives] shall not be questioned in any other place. Article I Committee work falls under this clause.
He work as chairman of the committee is a legislative act. It cannot be obstruction of justice. No federal law can abridge that protection.
The way the high court does &gt;The main controversy surrounding the Speech or Debate Clause concerns the scope of the phrase "legislative acts." The phrase obviously encompasses speeches and debates on the floor of the Senate or the House of Representatives. According to the Supreme Court, voting, preparing committee reports, and conducting committee hearings also are legislative acts, **but republishing legislative materials for distribution to constituents and accepting a bribe to influence a vote are not.**
&gt;The protection of this clause **is not limited to words spoken in debate.** “Committee reports, resolutions, and the act of voting are equally covered, as are ‘things generally done in a session of the House by one of its members in relation to the business before it.”’385Thus, so long as legislators are “acting in the sphere of legitimate legislative activity,” they are “protected not only from the consequence of litigation’s results but also from the burden of defending themselves.”386 But the scope of the meaning of “legislative activity” has its limits. “The heart of the clause is speech or debate in either House, and insofar as the clause is construed to reach other matters, they must be an integral part of the deliberative and communicative processes by which Members participate in committee and House proceedings with respect to the consideration and passage or rejection of proposed legislation or **with respect to other matters which the Constitution places within the jurisdiction of either House.”**387 Immunity from civil suit, both in law and equity, and from criminal action based on the performance of legislative duties flows from a determination that a challenged act is within the definition of legislative activity, but the Court in the more recent cases appears to have narrowed the concept somewhat. https://www.law.cornell.edu/anncon/html/art1frag21_user.html
How has he been implicated in collusion with trump?
Low beams do not alert the drivers behind. Hazards are a warning. In a quick hard storm visibility can be fine then drop precipitously and you may slow down in the right lane because for example your car is not as well suited to drive at the regular speed of traffic or you have bad traction. Other cars will be going a lot faster than you. Hazards tells them on approach to use caution especially when the speed differential is high and they will need a lot more space to slow down or move over.
The work he is doing is as a committee chair. That cannot be questioned in any other place, period. You cannot interpret that work to be obstructing justice because that would be questioning that legislative act.
All these Congressmen on the left and right saying Sessions should not do this, and it's a state right issue. If only they belonged to some lawmaking body that could change this.
They had the same number of votes.
It is the law. It was the law at the time of the election. There is not going to be a change after the fact because your preferred candidate lost.
Yes. Virginia as the sub generally supports moved away from electronic voting machines and to facilitate that VA law requires judges to divine voter intent whenever possible. &gt; Since Virginia has moved away from touch-screen voting machines in recent years and back to paper ballots that can be physically reviewed, the guidelines have directed vote counters to divine the voter’s intent whenever possible. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/retropolis/wp/2017/12/31/elections-gone-wild-the-teen-who-messed-up-his-absentee-ballot-creating-va-s-last-tied-race/?utm_term=.9e3438eb3793
&gt;Any ballot that has any mark, as above, in the target area or candidate area for one candidate, and on which other marks in the target areas or candidate areas for any other candidates have been partially erased, scratched out, or otherwise obliterated, shall be counted as a vote for the candidate for which the mark was not erased, scratched out, or otherwise obliterated, provided no other candidate is similarly marked. https://www.elections.virginia.gov/Files/ElectionAdministration/ElectionLaw/ExamplesforHandcounting.pdf
&gt;Any ballot that has any mark, as above, in the target area or candidate area for one candidate, and on which other marks in the target areas or candidate areas for any other candidates have been partially erased, scratched out, or otherwise obliterated, shall be counted as a vote for the candidate for which the mark was not erased, scratched out, or otherwise obliterated, provided no other candidate is similarly marked. He voted for every republican choice. That race was the only one were he marked two bubbles. https://www.elections.virginia.gov/Files/ElectionAdministration/ElectionLaw/ExamplesforHandcounting.pdf
They cannot be prosecuted for an obstruction of justice charge if what people are alleging is obstructing justice is the act itself. If Nunes had directed or told Donald Trump Inc to lie to the FBI or hide evidence, that would be obstruction he can be charged with. All through this thread peoples example of what should be considered obstruction is the committee work itself. Or speaking on TV. Those are barred.
&gt;Any ballot that has any mark, as above, in the target area or candidate area for one candidate, and on which other marks in the target areas or candidate areas for any other candidates have been partially erased, scratched out, or otherwise obliterated, shall be counted as a vote for the candidate for which the mark was not erased, scratched out, or otherwise obliterated, provided no other candidate is similarly marked. https://www.elections.virginia.gov/Files/ElectionAdministration/ElectionLaw/ExamplesforHandcounting.pdf
The Governor's race did not have a seperate bubble filled in. By the law Yancy's vote was to be counted. The same voter choose Republicans in all other races.
No other candidate in that race.
Scalia has been replaced by Gorsuch, in addition to having Roberts and Alito who are more receptive to a limit on federal power. Especially with Thomas being longest serving conservative Justice.
Federal Law states it is illegal period. There is not a states rights issue from the view of the federal government.
There is not a state rights issue currently, as the Supreme Court has already ruled for Federal Authority on this issue. Asking for a prosecutor not enforce a law on the books, when you are a legislator is just laziness.
And the Federal Government could nationalize the guard.
Not for that race. If they were both scratched it would be
Nah nunes and ryan are totally getting charged with obstruction you guys... - /r/politics
Nevermind, the DoJ has answered what the meeting was about. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/01/04/doj-deal-gives-nunes-access-to-all-documents-witnesses-sought-in-russia-probe-letter-says.html
Nevermind, the DoJ has answered what the meeting was about. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/01/04/doj-deal-gives-nunes-access-to-all-documents-witnesses-sought-in-russia-probe-letter-says.html
Nevermind, the DoJ has answered what the meeting was about. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/01/04/doj-deal-gives-nunes-access-to-all-documents-witnesses-sought-in-russia-probe-letter-says.html
Nevermind, the DoJ has answered what the meeting was about. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/01/04/doj-deal-gives-nunes-access-to-all-documents-witnesses-sought-in-russia-probe-letter-says.html
i literally just saw this on twitter. Maybe you keep seeing this cause it is big news and no one is noticing it on the front page so submits it.
tots going to get arrested for their work on the committee. No seriously.
But surely Nunes is getting indicted for being a committee chair right? Thats what this sub said.
So Rosenstein meeting with Ryan was big news, and now that we know what is what about, its not?
We knew in 2016 that the FBI had been looking into the Foundation, we never had a resolution to that. It seems they never really stopped their investigation. &gt;The investigation was dialed back during the 2016 presidential campaign. It is now being run by the FBI's office in Little Rock, where the foundation has an office. And though the inquiry has been revived, it is being conducted at a substantially lower profile. If the Obama Justice department saw fit to look into it, just as they did with Trump there is no reason both should not be brought to fruition.
Easy explanation. He didn’t. They reached out to him and his advisors who had previously worked with Russia.
Shitty too.
Cause they’re white.
Yes. And sometimes the kids who did not receive corporal punishment turn out not fine.
Does this have anything to do with that? No.
Never. It is too complicated. English is the global language and is here to stay.
Until the Supreme Court rules on this, or the Wisconsin case the idea that partisan gerrymanders violate the equal protection clause is novel, and not final.
That is not true. That case did not rule they were illegal, only that they were justiciable no illegal and that there is no formula to determine when it violates the constitution.
And that stopped the current president how?
Don’t be fooled. That’s based on those who self identify. As republicans disapprove of trump they begin to stop identifying as Republican. .
Sams club has been doing badly regardless of the tax reform bill. It wasn’t going to suddenly make that division a good investment.
Out of a million plus workforce? That’s a drop in the bucket.
Do we have any proof this actually happened? This has been a story before and turned out to be fake.
Of the attack.
Mattis and McMaster. Yes for those roles he has.
Vernews? What is with the random popup websites these days?
Then lynched. It is actually a dark history lesson for white women. There are a lot of similar threads in the current feminist.
Some people like to be pushed.
Should screen shot these blow them up and set posters in front of the business.
&gt; but still vote for tax cut" stance. Cause they are republicans, and are the ones who actually put together the package.
Yes, towards Durham
when did we get to 4th?
Here is the email she is referring to, from the writer of the babe.net article. &gt;It’s an unequivocal no from me. The way your colleague Ashleigh (?), someone I’m certain no one under the age of 45 has ever heard of, by the way, ripped into my source directly was one of the lowest, most despicable things I’ve ever seen in my entire life. Shame on her. Shame on HLN. Ashleigh could have “talked” to me. She could have “talked” to my editor or my publication. But instead, she targeted a 23-year-old woman in one of the most vulnerable moments of her life, someone she’s never f—— met before, for a little attention. I hope the ratings were worth it! I hope the ~500 RTs on the single news write-up made that burgundy lipstick bad highlights second-wave feminist has-been feel really relevant for a little while. She DISGUSTS me, and I hope when she has more distance from the moment she has enough of a conscience left to feel remotely ashamed — doubt it, but still. Must be nice to piggyback off of the fact that another woman was brave enough to speak up and add another dimension to the societal conversation about sexual assault. Grace wouldn’t know how that feels, because she struck out into this alone, because she’s the bravest person I’ve ever met. I would NEVER go on your network. I would never even watch your network. No woman my age would ever watch your network. I will remember this for the rest of my career — I’m 22 and so far, not too shabby! And I will laugh the day you fold. If you could let Ashleigh know I said this, and that she is no-holds-barred the reason, it’d be a real treat for me. &gt;Thanks, &gt;Katie http://www.businessinsider.com/aziz-ansari-writer-email-to-hln-ashleigh-banfield-2018-1
When you realize the "journalist" is 22 this all begins to make sense.
Racist is from N.J. But don’t you know it’s Alabama’s fault. Don’t be dense.
No one at that magazine is over the age of 25. I am 28 I would not trust myself or an organization staffed with that young of people with that kind of story.
Another story from the NY times on this topic was posted a day ago, and got no upvotes. Reason? The title. &gt;[Poll Finds Upturn in Sentiment on Tax Overhaul and Economy](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/16/business/economy/tax-economy-survey.html?mtrref=t.co) From the article. &gt;But support for the law has grown significantly over the past month, and more Americans believe that they will receive a tax cut. Forty-six percent of Americans strongly or somewhat approved of the law in early January, up from 37 percent when the bill was nearing passage in December. Approval of the law has gone up nearly 10 points, and disapproval has fallen from 58% to 49%. From the politico article above, it is 47 approve, **34 percent disapprove** This law is nothing like the ACA when it passed, which maintained strong and steady opposition for years. There may still be a wave based on Trump particularly but not on this tax bill.
There are some signs it may not be. Breadcrumbs if you will. Marist find the congressional ballot lead for democrats down to 6 from 13. Democrats ideally need to be at 7. http://maristpoll.marist.edu/wp-content/misc/usapolls/us180108_PBS_NPR/NPR_PBS%20NewsHour_Marist%20Poll_National%20Nature%20of%20the%20Sample%20and%20Tables_Trump_January%202018.pdf#page=3
That poll too shows a decline in support for democrats from their previous poll. Trends are very important.
But that is them shutting down the government right? If they maintain a filibuster.
No it does not. It’s subject to a filibuster
Are Democrats choosing to shut down the government or no? You can say it’s just desserts. But it is Democrats choosing to do something.
Get stuff done in Congress. It’s the only thing they have control over. DACA + tough border security and e verify. Begin the first step towards entitlement reform. Free up regulations that hamper states power such as marijuana legalization allowance. Return more power to states republicans and democratic alike. Infrastructure bill to keep america competitive + rural broadband. Allow drug imports. Ban civil asset forfeiture permanently. Criminal justice reform.
That isn’t true. If all 51 republicans vote for the bill it would still fail.
From whom? Democrats or Republicans?
Because a CR can be filibustered.
Well yea, there are not 60 republicans in the senate.
I seem to recall people referring to republicans as terrorist for the 13 shutdown.
Yes, but democrats said what about those shutdowns? &gt;“He wants to hold the cancer patient hostage who won’t get NIH treatments if the government shuts down. He wants to throw the construction worker out of work, who’s doing a job that’s federally funded and won’t be funded if the gov shuts down,” Schumer said of Cruz. “He wants to tell the recipient of social security that they may not get their checks if there aren’t enough people at the centers to send those checks and make sure they get to the right place, because he wants to shut the government down.”
Are democrats filibustering the CR to get what they want or not?
Yes and who was responsible for that shut down? Republicans.
You need to get out more.
Are they, yes or no?
It is a CR. The only extra thing republicans added was funding for chip for 6years.
So how was Ted Cruz not doing the same thing.
Well now I am just going to summon a moderator.
No they have not. Democrats gerrymandered the shit out of NC for a hundred+ years
Did Trump not appoint Gorsuch to keep the ball further in their court? That is what matters, nothing else.
This headline is going to hurt. https://twitter.com/nytpolitics/status/954556164137766913
That is not true. It only take 51 to get to the motion to vote. With the exception of a treaty, impeachment, or amendment no vote in the senate requires more than 51 votes.
Uhh yes they are.
More democrats voted no than GOP voted no.
yes they did. it would have passed 50-50
Trump vetoed nothing. He would not agree to a DACA bill without border security.
Chip and DACA were compromise. Dems won’t give republicans a security package.
Doesn’t have to be a wall.
No. You can’t pass to reconciliation bills in one year.
I don’t think that would be constitutional. At least for defense.
Only has to go to over one lane and would have been fine.
Clinton won a game no one was playing. Congrats!
No, they offered an authorization, but not an appropriation for the wall.
A tsunami is just a harbor wave. If it was exploded in NY harbor then there would be a wave. Not an ocean crossing one.
As they are using it is most close to a harbor wave. No one is saying it would make an actual ocean crossing tsunami. They do create waves in the immediate area, as happened with Castle Bravo. They are very localized destruction. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvkjmNgWYKs
It is not in the bill at all being considered.
Fine then, republicans should just nuke the filibuster for continuing resolutions. Or pass a permanent legislative fix to the budget control act.
The Senate already passed the 2018 budget. These are appropriations which are pending. They have been on time rarely since the budget control act of 1974
A CR can be filibustered indefinitely.
Not to pass the legislation only to vote on it.
No it does not. Democrats voted for the same thing in 2006 to build fencing and secure the entire border. It was not appropriated for, so it was never built.
Then why not give it to him? You could fund the entire project for operational control of the border, let him call it a wall and we get DACA? That is not good enough b/c that means trump gets a victory. That is what politics in this nation is now, all or nothing. Then everyone wonders why nothing gets done.
That is not how this works. They did not bring a appropriations bill to the floor, this was CR. Nor can you fillibuster a reconciliation bill for an budget, as the reconciliation instructions can only be in the budget. Lastly a budget resolution cannot now be filibustered, but it does not actually appropriate money. The budget for FY2018 has already been passed. A filibuster in the senate does not just mean talking on something for hours. You do not have to talk. It requires 60 votes to end debate. That is what a filibuster is. Nor does stop other business from being considered.
Not a detailed source no. This one says the last time all of them got was 1996. https://bipartisanpolicy.org/blog/can-congress-deliver-appropriations-bills-on-time/
What is in this chip bill that would not be?
Yes the budget has been passed. FY2018 passed in october.
This is what a filibuster has been for decades. &gt;In 1970, the Senate adopted a "two-track" procedure to prevent filibusters from stopping all other Senate business. The minority then felt politically safer in threatening filibusters more regularly, which became normalized over time to the point that 60 votes are now required to end debate on nearly every controversial legislative item. As a result, the modern "filibuster" rarely manifests as an extended floor debate.
You cannot use reconciliation on a budget a bill either. Reconciliation requires budget instructions for it to be used.
So did Scalia.
I’m sure all the people who blamed the gop for the shutdown will now give them credit for it re-opening. Right?
That’s an extraordinarily bad leap of logic
The sub is very selective and willfully ignorant to bad data for democrats. That is not some killer number for the GOP.
Chip was voted down by the democrats. It was included in the friday CR.
uhh, did not the original CR from friday already include 6 years for CHIP? You got nothing.
It’s basically the exact same CR from Friday. What did democrats get? A promise to talk about DACA? Come on dude.
Republicans got what they wanted. The government is re-opened. Chip is off the table. DACA will not be passed without border security measures. What was the point of the democratic shutdown? They did not really get anything.
Republicans included CHIP funding in the CR on friday and voted for it. There was no compromise here. That was not even on the table.
&gt; In exchange, the Democrats negotiated 6 more years That was included in the CR on friday. It was never on the table.
CHIP was funded for 6 years on friday. How do you think democrats got something that republicans had already agreed to?
Democrats having a 4pt advantage on the blame game is nothing. Ever since tax reform passed the Congressional Ballot has begun tightening.
The republicans included it with the CR. I just don’t what you are saying. No Mexico is not paying for the wall. No one believed that who cared to think on it.
I'll write more later it is late.
I would add the two track rule as well. Previously a real filibuster would shut down all other business in the senate. Allowing cloture votes in order to table the issue of filibuster gives them more power, with less ill effects.
What law did he break?
What is unethical about it? Do you think Ginsburg has never had dinner with democratic senator?
Not you though.
Who said they talked about cases currently before the court? No one.
Judges can be removed here as well. If they are appointed it would fall on the legislative branch or executive to do so. That’s a whole nother issue
&gt;vets on Reddit Terrible Sample.
&gt; him illegally The Senate has the power to approve or disapprove. There is no commandment saying that have to actually vote it down.
Wells Fargo?
Yes they do. Some pay more. That’s the average.
Which of these fines have been paid?
Did not realize walmart was a small business. They pay ~30%
Multiple major democrats (including Obama and Clinton) have spoken favorably of the australian *mandatory* buyback program. So your comment is kind of bullshit.
Warning shots are not for citizens. You cannot legally fire a warning shot because if you are warning them it means your life is not an imminent danger.
Apparently you have not much of an effect.
Tax cuts did not lead to the recession. Mortgage deduction has some responsibility maybe but not the tax cuts.
Cry harder
And what will happen? Republicans lose the house? Isn’t that probably going to happen anyway? So trump cares why?
So is trump.
Lol Rubio is telling people this is too far to the left. Ahh yes. Good times good times.
I actually saw it live. Of a million school children the illegal immigrant population is 28,000 https://www.migrationpolicy.org/data/unauthorized-immigrant-population/state/AZ Of those million 12% are children of illegal parents. http://www.pewhispanic.org/interactives/unauthorized-immigrants/map/k-12-share/
29% of the population is Hispanic not illegal. They have more children than whites. Why is that their problem?
And ending the diversity lottery and limiting chain migration to immediate family. This a good deal.
Democrats control no branch of government, why do you think they should get something for free?
Because trump is next to it. The cuts are similar to the gang of 8 bill
The vast majority of the GOP disagree. Further this is Trump proposing it, the trump wing will now fall in line.
&gt;Among Hispanics, the total fertility rate is 2.4. For non-Hispanic whites and for non-Hispanic Asians, it is 1.8. Non-Hispanic blacks (2.1) have higher fertility than whites but lower fertility than Hispanics. So a 33% higher rate? Yea thats a lot. Over decades that begins to add up quick.
You don't have the votes.
They said that for the hours after Bannon left. Give it 12-24 hours. #NoBreaks #MAGA
Amnesty is 12 years down the line.
It really has gone down the shitter. Half the articles are rarely about news anymore.
Yea, the republican advantage is displayed here as just an inherent optimal distribution of voters. The only way to get something more "fair" is to break up rural communities and combine with far off urban areas.
House Rules.
Bingo. Dissent gets you banned, or comments spammed.
Well, yea. They routinely hide news stories now.
&gt;**we accept disagreement with the President and the mods**, as seen on the subreddit. No you do not.
Good thing I was not just fling-ing insults at them then. Certain moderators continue to spam comments for pointing out facts, hide submissions that do not agree with conspiracy level shit, put their hands the scales for people like jonesrr2, ban conservative long time users who disagree with those idiots, allow those same idiots to insult others routinely and not be banned. Seriously look that content of submissions vs what is covered in the news. Between r/con and r/politics so much actual political and policy news is now buried that it is just hilariously sad. Most disturbing is level of insidious racism posted by certain repeat users who are still allowed to post there. Or at least were for many months. Personally the vitriol I received from them was astounding. But I am banned for... oh arguing with idiots. Darth Hayek and the F guy.
It's way more than that. If you argue with Jones from reasonable conservative view with facts the comments get spammed.
I was a moderator for 4 years. I pointed out that those doing the hood and wink to racist and supramecist (or making common and cause with them) where causing suburbanites and college educated to flee the Party as the results of the VA elections rolled in.
As a never Trump Republican this depends on a lot that has yet to come to pass. What's the status of Congress after the election. What congressional Republicans do over the next few yesrs. How does the special counsel investigation go. What he does for the next 3 years. Who the Democratic nominee is. There just is not enough for me to say at this time.
I want to see the memo plus evidence. Just the memo is not enough. Same for Mueller's investigstion, and the others. Americans cannot agree on basic facts anymore, so "trust us" no longer flyes for our leaders.
Like Ben Howe, Charlie Sykes or Drew McCoy. National Review republican, movement conservative
It needs, what can be declassidisd, to be out there. Memos are generally top line summaries and interpretation of evidence. I simply do not trust these interpreations politicians are making especially in the house. Nunes has not shown him self like others to be professional. See Tillis for someone who is doing a good job.
For communicable diseases I think the feds and states have the most power. Things like mandating vaccinations. Taking steps to stop pandemics etc. Same for environmental health concerns due to their nature as negative externalities
True, but he would probably lose the chair for that
The expectation of tax cuts has been priced into the market, along with regulatory reform. Tax reform can certainly increase demand.
Trump Says His Regulatory Rollback Already Is the ‘Most Far-Reaching’https://nyti.ms/2jVfg24
This is an editorial and does not offer an evidence for the claim it will raise executive pay except in abstract through stock buy backs. Any corporate tax reform would aim to increase how well companies are doing and will always increase share holder value. Any investor benefits from this including workers who have pensions, 401ks, etc.
There may have been abuses at the FBI, in addition to Trump malfeasance. Not mutually exclusive.
Actually no. That is not. You can say you do not trust him, as I don't What this is dependent upon is the evidence released.
No. Let justice be done period. Though the heavens may fall.
Then lets release it with evidence that can be shared publicly.
Yes but it does go to Congress, that is enough.
Warner hasn’t seen it either. No senator has.
So he has not seen the memo. You can't say the memo is horseshit because you have seen the source material, since you do not know what the memo actually says.
The only thing that happened this weekend was Wray seeing the memo. It is certainly possible it had something to do with McCabe getting *removed*, as CBS, CNN, and Fox are all saying. He did not step down willingly.
Doesn’t seem like the people who have read it are calling it horseshit though
Highest amount of poverty too.
If people are wondering why the democratic memo has not been released it is because it has not been made available to the full house until today. https://twitter.com/ByronYork/status/958122560838881280?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fhotair.com%2Farchives%2F2018%2F01%2F29%2Fbreaking-house-intel-committee-votes-releasethememo-investigate-doj%2F
If you are on food stamps use that money to cover food and other money for the pets. It’s not that hard.
3-5% growth over four years does not require 3% growth in year one.
&gt; The abuses are not described by Nunes, nor by the Republicans in the Freedom Caucus that also pushed #ReleaseTheMemo. No law is stated to be broken. No regulation said not to be followed. You cannot know this though. We do not know what is in the Memo, so declarations regarding it like yours are just shooting the messenger. Statements saying the memo is of no value, are as bad as statements saying that is absolutely a bombshell. Neither are informed by the memo themselves.
But you do not. He made no claim regarding the memo, just that you have no idea about it so can't say.
Then Schiff should have made the memo available earlier for the full congress. Schiff did not pursue the process Nunes did.
&gt;What is the significance of this memo? Will it affect anything politically? Does it hurt Trump? Why was the release of this memo voted on by congress? None of these questions can be answered by anyone here, or elsewhere that has not seen the memo. We do not know. That is all we know. The memo may be damning towards government action during the 2016 election. It may not. But any declaration now is just wishing.
Schiff cannot complain about his memo not being released if he has not allowed the house to read it.
So you have no actual knowledge of what is in this memo? Just say that, don't pretend that declaration is the final word pretending the release.
Maybe read the rest of the quote then.
Weird no one here has pointed out the linked commentators derisive comments. &gt;Why aren't you banned for site-wide rule violations? &gt;it's not a fucking joke you absolute shitstaincancer autistic fucking cunt &gt;GO FUCKIN KILL YOURSELF YOU TRASH PEICE OF SHIT Seriously. Look at r/politics, they make some of the same hateful shit the donald does.
im sure he made it up for the speech before hand.
Using live minors for dreamers though?
2016. ‘Tis his second try
Even then the claim is wrong. It only hinges on top ceos Most people aren’t in the top. Those he refers to are the 1% of the 1%.
Strange. It is like Congress actually passing shit seems to have worked. Like they put themselves on the ballot.
So... the Dem lead on the congressional ballot seems to have collapsed. After going through 06 and 10, both times the opposition party ran against something policy wise, not just the president. The Congress by passing tax reform and not having its fingers on a presidential policy seems to be working in the GOPs favor. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/democratic-lead-in-generic-house-ballot-collapses-from-15-percent-to-just-2-percent-poll/article/2647709
This is the same poll that had Dems +15 before tax reform. Monmouth is a A+ pollster according to 538
It is not an outlier though. 538 gives dems 6.1 advantage. This gives them 2. It would fall within the 90% range at 538.
The poll here falls within the range 538 estimates for the parties to receive. They estimate it could be within 46.4 D and 40.7 R. For their purposes this is not an outlier towards what the vote in 2018 could be. https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-generic-ballot-polls/
this was done before SOTU.
The Constitution vest State Legislatures with powers over Elections. Not courts. &gt;Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Justices Anthony Kennedy, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor, and Elena Kagan joined. The Court affirmed the District Court's ruling, holding that "[r]edistricting is a legislative function to be performed in accordance with the State’s prescriptions for lawmaking, which may include the referendum, Ohio ex rel. Davis v. Hildebrant, 241 U. S. 565, 567, and the Governor’s veto, Smiley v. Holm, 285 U. S. 355, 369. **While exercise of the initiative was not at issue in this Court’s prior decisions, there is no constitutional barrier to a State’s empowerment of its people by embracing that form of lawmaking**." The Clause is to be read broadly as conferring legislative power upon the State Legislative body, as well as instruments for legislation it has created. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arizona_State_Legislature_v._Arizona_Independent_Redistricting_Commission
He is saying a Court cannot properly trample on this power period. The power is only given to State Legislatures to do this. No matter how good the reason the court has.
Did you not the other comments. Yea dems in this thread are celebrating it or sad they did not die.
And murder. Why do people forget that one?
Since when is having a job not an increase in wages? Especially for those who were other wise unemployed. Wages are going up right now slowly. Hopefully that will improve but stop pretending as if more bring employed is bad
They aren't. Not according to this report
Less upward pressure on home prices then. That's not a bad thing
And 6 years of a GOP house to put a stop to his worse policies.
Housing prices are higher on average than before the crash.
They aren't wages are rising
Truth. Facts. That's an agenda now. Orwelliann.
No it doesnt. Chrisitians believe Jesus was God through the holy Trinity. Muslims nor Jews believe that .
Hostile actions in hearing are violations of the right to due process. Do you really think you should run roughshod over that to get your preferred result? Are you that incapable of seeing how badly that has been used against minorities in the past?
How long until you read the decision with a modicum of understanding of the law at hand?
Because Colorado showed animus and violated the bakers right to a fair hearing. Due Process is one of the most powerful protections we have as americans before the government.
Only for those who like yourself who cannot read an opinion or the article.
Yes, they granted cert (only 4 justices are needed for it to take the case) because they thought the issues were worth consideration. They do not have to only take those questions that require constitutional rulings.
There is a qualitative difference between not serving a gay couple in a restaurant setting, or eat in, and make a custom wedding cake for the celebration of their union at a private event.
No having an eatery is. If you want to pretend you know anything about civil rights, and the law you should learn what that means. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_accommodations
&gt; A president who can pardon himself is above the law, and that was clearly not intended by the framers. The framers gave no limit on the power to pardon. Combined with his executive power he can simply end any investigation in violations of Federal Law. We have 3 seperate branches with three seperate (general) powers. One cannot prosecute the heads of the other branches unless Congress the first among equals decides too. That is the separation of powers in a nutshell.
As Turley and others have said, there is no for sure answer. It's a parlor game amongst law professors because there is literally no actual case law. Theoretically the president is immune from prosecution in all federal crimes because of his pardon power combined with his executive authority. Its an implied immunity, and the executive authority is really the more important part (the pardon stuff is just fluff)
I do not think it can be used as way of saying the underlying evidence is true, there is simply not much case law in this area to support it. As an example if Trump pardoned Manafort for a specific crime that is both a state and federal issue, Manafort could be prosecuted in a state for the action, but would still retain his 5th amendment privileges even though he has a pardon. To use the pardon against him would seem to violate that 5th amendment right. Pardons simply can't be called upon by courts. Their underlying records can be used and you must disclose them though say on a job application.
Congress determines what is impeachable and what isn't. No crime is needed. Impeachment is an absolute power of congress and no one can question how they use it but the voters.
There would have to IMO be some actual conviction for the claim of innocence to be true. I don't think one can accept a pardon without a trial and still make that claim. Nothing was proved.
That is not what the poll says either. It says 49/51 D+2 The projection is based on that poll has can be -+9 seats either way. A tied GB is probably Republican hold.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Early_2000s_recession
Since there is no ruling itself for you argue youre innocent. A pardon based on that claim would need a conviction and then refutation of it. You can't refute something that did not occur.
You are correct. State laws are not pardonable by the president because States are sovereigns . DC isn't.
The Constitution and laws of the United States are silent on this matter
It's a matter of law specific to the DOJ on who would become acting AG in the event firing
But if someone is going faster behind you move over. You either have to be the fastest car period on the road to stay in the left lane or just move over then move back.
Hypothetically, no. That would be cause for revolt.
Wages have kept up with inflation that is why people say they have been flat vs going down. Recently they have begun to outpace it according to the most recent report.
Not on its own it wasn't. Only because of the tax penalty did it survive.
This Amazon and Apple would be a game changer.
Uhh history is neither good nor bad. the proverb, "I pray that you may live in interesting times" is generally seen as curse.
Bleach cleans it.
Concrete personally or wood.
Have you never heard of bleach?
Sorry op for all these people saying white is hard to clean. Bleach. Bleach will literally take clear any "stain"
Oh we're gonna say it.
No they can't. None of that grants them probable cause unless they lie.
As someone who lived in DC traffic here is ok most of the time
Many states don't have it such as NY
And evidence thrown out
Actually no the lock doesn't make it structurally stronger. It just keeps the handle from opening the door due to inertia.
They depress wages in the entire sector of low skilled labor, period. Especially the food service industry.
They do not work the same jobs *for those prices.*
Yes. It's just not the lock that does, it's the door being closed.
South
How do you find someone once the bracelet is removed?
Currently US autos face a tariff of 10% to the EU, while EU autos only face a 2.5% tariff. Eliminate them both.
US Auto exports are already face heavy EU tariffs. The reverse is not true.
Reduce them all.
Because people don't want to make the right choices because theyre hard.
&gt; instead of using my all powerful gauntlet to make more resources. Not possible. The laws of the marvel universe, even though things like magic exist, still deny the power to create or destroy matter. The infinity stones exist only subsidiary remnant of the big bang.
Really we just need to have dedicated, *separated* bike lanes this traffic should mix as minimally as possible.
Congress shall make **no** law. Did it stutter? Commerical speech is separate from political speech which faces the highest bar scrutinity.
I had a trucker attempt to do this to me for a lane closure like 3 fucking miles ahead. One semi was block the line creeping along under 5mph. After I pass him I get in the wide open lane. 2miles later the closing lane is still open and completely free. Some ass hole trucker decides to move over into half the left lane and try and block me. Fuck that shit my car is small as shit I'm gonna squeeze past this dumb fuck on the gravel. I am now beyond livid. The truck is now blocking both lanes. So I stop infront him (I know bad move and all traffic is blocked) Cause him out for a good 20 sec. Then drive off. He's all like the lane is closed. No the fuck it isn't dip shit. Finally get the actual closing part. (Traffic is blocked for miles behind it at this point. One lane over a bridge. Maybe 150 ft. I hate everyone.
I live, and have lived in bigger cities. There are sometimes people who are selling things like water, snacks etc very aggressively. It is annoying as fuck.
Yes, fuck them. I don't care to be yelled at, or aggressively pushed to buying some item I can get a grocery store. It is annoying. Just like the kiosk people in the mall. If i wanted to buy it, I would seek them out.
But why are you all only caring about it now? That's the problem, and why people are numb to the so called outrage. Obama literally did this, a lady's child was taken away and put up for adoption in 2012. She will not get her child back. You had no outrage then.
Not really, it comes from picking cotton is very difficult, and a detestable thing to have to do, because it so hard. It is similar to god damn, and just meant as emphasis.
The etymology of the phrase does not seem to be based on who is doing the act either. Just that is really sucks. &gt;Word Origin and History for cotton-picking adj. &gt;as a deprecatory term first recorded in a Bugs Bunny cartoon, but a similar noun meaning "contemptible person" dates to around 1919, perhaps with racist overtones that have faded over the years. Before mechanization, cotton picking was the most difficult labor on a cotton plantation. &gt;I drove out to a number of the farms near Denison and found many very **young white children working all day in the hot sun picking and dragging sacks of cotton**. In one field the labor corps consisted of one woman and six children, one of them 5 years, one 6 years, one 7 years, one 9 years, and two about 11. The father was plowing. The 5 and 6 year olds worked all day as did the rest. The 7-year-old said he picked 50 pounds a day and the 9 year old 75 pounds. (A good picker averages several hundred a day.) School begins late on account of the cotton picking, but the children nearly all prefer school to the picking. Picking hours are long, hot, and deadly monotonous. **While the very young children seem to enjoy it, very soon their distaste for it grows into all-absorbing hatred for all work.** ["Field Notes of Lewis W. Hine, Child-Labor Conditions in Texas," report to U.S. Congressional Commission on Industrial Relations, 1916]
I am black
In what area is the excellent salary not going to allow him to afford bills due to the government? Those are the ones you pay, period.
Never said that was appropriate but I understand the annoyance.
&gt;will probably say the plaintiffs do have standing since plaintiffs from every district was a part of That is not enough. &gt;Four of the plaintiffs in this case pleaded such a particularized burden. But as their case progressed to trial, they failed to pursue their allegations of individual harm. They instead rested their case on their theory of statewide injury to Wisconsin Democrats, in support of which they offered three kinds of evidence. First, they presented testimony pointing to the lead plaintiff’s hope of achieving a Democratic majority in the legislature. Under the Court’s cases to date, that is a collective political interest, not an individual legal interest. Second, they produced evidence regarding the mapmakers’ deliberations as they drew district lines. The District Court relied on this evidence in concluding that those mapmakers sought to understand the partisan effect of the maps they were drawing. But the plaintiffs’ establishment of injury in fact turns on effect, not intent, and requires a showing of a burden on the plaintiffs’ votes that is “actual or imminent, not ‘conjectural’ or ‘hypothetical.’ ” Defenders of Wildlife, 504 U. S., at 560. Third, the plaintiffs presented partisan asymmetry studies showing that Act 43 had skewed Wisconsin’s statewide map in favor of Republicans. Those studies do not address the effect that a gerrymander has on the votes of particular citizens. They measure instead the effect that a gerrymander has on the fortunes of political parties. **That shortcoming confirms the fundamental problem with the plaintiffs’ case as presented on this record. It is a case about group political interests, not individual legal rights.** I am not sure what case can be made about showing particularized harm. The cases to date, and the *claim against partisan gerrymandering* all rest on the grievance against the other party. There is not individual impairment against voting rights by a partisan gerrymander unless it is done with racial intent.
What? No. Everyone should be driving reasonably around average and what the road dictates. People who drive slower than traffic are bad for it. Or people who accelerate slowly to merge on the highway. It's wrong.
To the surprise of no one. The president's power is at its zenith when combined with his natsec powers, powers of foreign diplomacy and a Congressional Mandate. Highly doubtful the lawsuit against the ban will meet success in the end now that the injunction is dead.
By Oct 1 we will have a new justice
And those things should be done in the legislature not the court.
If you moved over the tailgating wouldn't happen. It's that simple.
Not what happened. The guy was using a stolen cc to buy some popcorn so the attendant alerted the security guard to try and stop them.
&gt;Every bomb dropped creates just as many future ~~terrorists~~ Nazis You can contrary to talking points, bomb a population into submission. &gt;Taliban have already regained control over a significant portion of the nation btw. ["sigNifICanT"](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/97/Taliban_insurgency_in_Afghanistan_%282015%E2%80%93present%29.svg/1280px-Taliban_insurgency_in_Afghanistan_%282015%E2%80%93present%29.svg.png) And yea, I'd rather we be killing them there than killing them here. &gt;Also the other ongoing war in Iraq is a clusterfuck How is it a Clusterfuck? Iraq with US assistance has driven out ISIS, and is not facing a current existential issue.
How would it been in our national interest to allow afghanistan to return to where it was the 90s? [You would condemn the vast majority of that nation to taliban rule?](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/97/Taliban_insurgency_in_Afghanistan_%282015%E2%80%93present%29.svg/1280px-Taliban_insurgency_in_Afghanistan_%282015%E2%80%93present%29.svg.png) It is in National interest for a stable modernised afghanistan. Period.
Al Queda no longer had a stable base of operations to for their war Against the US. It took the twin towers for us to recognize what it was. Then we responded. The Embassy was bombed, the Cole was bombed. And we did nothing but launch some cruise missiles. AQ did attack us for interfering in Afghanistan. They attacked us from Preventing the Saudi Arabia from falling to Wahabisist and worst. How many people you think will die if that were to happen? Imagine a real war for oil over the middle east between the Great Powers. Because we would be forced to intervene then or risk a economic cataclysm unbeknownst to this world.
So should all those millions of children we are educating now be left to taliban rule and their banning of them primary schools? It is not oh we can just go home and forget about it. Major investment and modernization is happening in the country now to improve their lives. India and Iran (with a waiver on Sanctions from Donald Trump) are both pressing ahead with afghanistan a port on Irans coast and train lines to support their integrations with the world economy. Yes people will still die in the coming years. But no not forever. Your solution would be darkness in the region for decades until we have to go back in and start all over from where we were 18 years ago.
The US today is still working towards some resolution with the Taliban. That was why Donald Trump appointed that advisor who is a Afghanistan expert (i cant recall name) to get us to a solution with the taliban and tribal areas. We are not looking to eradicate them wholesale, but we are not going to pull back completely until there is a mutual agreement on the path forward. The US is still moving forward on the real problem, economics and modernization with India and Iran for Afghanistan's future. Yes, Iran. https://www.rferl.org/a/us-exempts-iran-chabahar-port-project-from-sanction-in-nod-to-afghanistan-india/29586874.html
Well if the tax cuts caused the debt then surely that must mean the tax revenue was down right? Oh wait it wasn't. The US has collected record revenue so far. Spending is the problem. All of it was given with bipartisan support.
Yes it would have.
The position that the current deficit was caused by the tax cuts is ignorant. To the point of stupidity. Spending is the cause of the deficits period. Current Drivers for this year? Bipartisan Military Spending Increase and Interest Payments. Revenue is flat when counting inflation. https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-government-debt-rises-17-in-fiscal-2018-1539626598 You can either be serious about cutting spending and reforming entitlements, or you do not care about the debt period. Taxes are to be set in the way raises some stable level of income (yes you can run a deficit most of the time, if it is controlled) in the most economically beneficial way possible. Does anyone here really think the US having the highest corporate rate (Corporate taxes should be eliminated they are dumb) of OECD nations was wise? Along with global tax jurisdiction on products made and sold abroad? Do you want offshoring, inversions, and cash hoarding? Because that's how you get it.
It was all a scam.
To be fair, I don't like these deals, but Amazon would have been worth far more to NC than incentive. The ROI for NYC and VA is less than a decade, probably less than 5 years.
Amazon workers don't pay taxes? Really? Do you think the General Fund mainly comes from Corporate Taxes? &gt;**the individual income tax (53%) and the sales and use tax (31%) together provided more than four of every five dollars of the $22.7 billion in anticipated General Fund revenue for fiscal year 2016-17**. Other significant tax revenue sources include the corporate income and franchise taxes (6.4%), excise taxes on alcohol and tobacco products (2.7%), and the insurance premium tax (2.1%). The General Fund also relies on non-tax sources of revenue, including fees, investment income, some types of fund transfers, and judicial settlements, which account for nearly 4% of all anticipated General Fund revenues in the current fiscal year.
It was mass transit. **Read the article.**
&gt; educated young people Cough duke Cough. (UNC NSCU Wake Forest, and the whole UNC System too) But Duke is basically the Satellite University of New Jersey to us down here.
worth every letter. Ive read it multiple times.
&gt; NC gets $3,200 more per capita from the federal government than NC give to the federal government, while New Jersey gives $3,100 per capita No Rich people in NJ give more than Rich People in NC. Poor people in NC take more than poor people in NJ. If you eliminated federal social welfare programs you would see those numbers change. If you increase income taxes on high income individuals they will go in the opposite direction. States, as sovereigns **do not pay taxes at all to the federal government.** North Carolina also host the largest military base in the world which increase the federal money spent here. That is not moving.
&gt;Curious if it's more NC people meet the Federal qualifications for welfare Yes. We and the rest of South have a large population of people who where historically disadvantaged. Its called the black/cotton belt for a reason. (of which I am member). Southern rural poverty is much more widespread than other states, and Southern states have relatively high populations than our Rural western states. The South in general did not begin an advancement economically until the after WWII since the Civil war. North Carolina followed by Georgia started changing fast around that time.
Afghanistan had no role?
Leave then
The don of socks. (As well as Veteran Pilot, Congressman, UN Envoy, CIA Director, Vice President, President, Simpsons Actor) May he rest in peace with Barbara.
Yea most NC natives do not like Cary or the Raleigh Suburbs. They are way to cookie cutter, planned communities, even all of the stores are subject to city standards on how they must look. I hate that. Inside the beltline and places like Durham, Chapel Hill, etc all have character. Old houses in many styles and mid century communities. &gt;no ocean. It is tantalizingly close, :(, so you feel like you could to wilmington when you want to but 2 hours is just too much to do a lot. Same for the mountains.
About what exactly? I would struggle to think of a reason why he should not exalted for his service. Above all else he managed the first gulf war with determination and put the world on a stable path for decades with the New World Order and managing the dissolution of the USSR.
The USSR assisted in the first Gulf War on Americas side. Saddam was a bad actor period.
Actual America? Not reddit bots. He will be strongly missed. He was a statesman, viewed favorably generally and helped manage the USSR dissolution beginning a pretty long era of peace. People love him.
Yes it is odd the discrepancy appeared in 2016 Republican Primary, 2018 primary and the general. Those first two really seem to point towards some group with anti Pittinger objective.
Apple case by Apple
The Mujahideen and Al Qaeda are not the same and have little relation to each other. Some AQ members did fight with Mujahideen during the Soviet invasion, they were not ever their leaders.
Yea especially that Obama fella.
The law is clear. They have to avoid the appearance of impropriety. It's not spineless.
Good on him. That's the point of the elections board. They aren't supposed to appear to be partisan.
His position is non partisan by law in how is supposed to be an officer of the elections board. His actions clearly violates that law.
Yup.
Chab and other victimhood whiners
Don't delete it. Just leave it there for people to download content. What alternatives are there?
What? Yes they did. The NC General Assembly is exceptionally powerful, our governor by constitutional design is basically a placeholder. He is the weakest in the nation. Having strong legislators and week executives is not some undemocratic thing. It is perfectly acceptable. Other States have strong governors (NJ).
There is nothing unethical about having a strong legislative branch instead of a strong executive. It is not a moral question. We could only wish the Congress would be more like the General Assembly and bring back some of the power.
They did in 1988, and tried to fire tons of civil servants of his.
So under what assumption is there that providers are going to take a 40% rate cut? And medicare will actually be able to find enough willing to take that cut to provide health care.
Why is not? Do you think Trump should not have powers over the special counsel curtailed as in flakes bill? Do you think the president should be able to unilaterally end asylum? Do you think Trump should have been given the authority to abuse the national security exception for tariffs? I don't. The assemblies should all when needed take power back when they don't agree with the governor.
The people elected trump to start a trade war and bring back our jobs and open coal mines. Why should Congress not take back authority over the area?
Are you going to outlaw private health insurance or care?
providing facts? downvote to you good sir! /s
My quotation is from the board of elections website. They make the distinction and interpret the law.
They are **not** equal in terms of power. The Congress has far more power than the president. The Framers knew this, and stated the Congress could dominate the relationship so long as the House and Senate acted in concert. They are only equal that one cannot violate the others powers, i.e. a seperation of power.
&gt; Gerrymandering and directly negating the will of the voters by removing power from the people they just voted into office are pretty different This is an argument that for some reason is only used in favor of the executive, regardless of the fact the legislature was similarly elected.
As far as I know you don't have to run on something explicitly before doing it. Yea that's not how delegation works
Those changes towards voting would not be encroachments on a govenors power, even if not unconstitutional. The rule regarding appointments towards that board is where there could be a concern because the gov has a plenary appointment power (though not absolute like the president) Those towards rule making would to me not be one, as rules must always be subservient to legislative acts. Even if some are found to go to far, I prefer legislators get in the business of telling the executive to pound sand when they feel they course of action is wrong headed or not in the best interest of the state. I favor legislative supremacy at all times even if Dems control.
Make them pay more
&gt;Hoyer made reference to the contested 1996 election between then-Rep. Bob Dornan (R-Calif.) and Democratic challenger Loretta Sanchez. Sanchez won by fewer than 984 votes, but Dornan later claimed that the election had been stolen because of illegal votes from non-U. S. citizens. &gt;**A task force appointed by what was then called the Committee on House Oversight found evidence of 748 tainted votes, not enough to change the outcome of the election, and dismissed Dornan’s challenge.** Interesting tidbit, however what about the primary? Pittinger, if there is to be a doover may should force the issue for it to start there.
Florida and Georgia where the Republicans won out right? Purging dead and moved voters is required by law.
They are certianly not less valid. &gt;Did those people that voted for governor were wrong and should not be represented in how they expected the governor to be? Save for his inherent powers as the executive, no the legislature determines it. Electing someone as governor gives them the actual governors powers. Some of the powers granted to them by the legislature are not theirs inherently and can be abridged at any time.
Why always against pittinger? seems like some animus from dowless
Treason: &gt;Treason against the United States, ***shall consist only*** in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. Saudi Arabia is an ally of the United States and our primary foothold in the region to project American Power.
&gt;don't support repealing Citizens United You can't repeal CU it is not a law. The position of the government in the case was that the it could ban books during an election. That is where you want to go?
The promos probably are not live at the same time for every market
That's how it is now.
The scooters don't go that fast. That scooter to hit him that quickly had to be in his line of sight. Even at 20mph a second of time is 30 feet of travel. That's not much.
So a company should just volunteer private customer information for any reason? No. Get a subpoena it's free. The insurance should do it for them if they feel the driver is not at fault.
No it did not, watch the video. He stopped at the gate, which is behind the sidewalk (in the garage), then proceeded straight through. There is no way he could have seen except a few feet to either side of the entrance from that angle. I always stop at the terminus with the sidewalk then pull slowly across it. That is what you are supposed to do. ' Seriously watch the video, he never stops at the sidewalk.
We need a new primary according to the allegations. The vote margin was less than the possibly effected ballots
He had worked for Democrats previously to 2016 or 2014.
Thats generally how the parties function. With weak political party structures, once the primaries are over the die is cast. It is not prudent, or wise for a party to look back towards the issue once the votes are in. At least for a intraparty issue. The only reason the board looked at this time is because the *other* party lodged a protest. They are the only ones that ever really would. If the parties were flipped (Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Broward County say hi) the party apparatus would similarly just file it away. They are both making the correct choice given game theory.
2016 count then? https://www.politico.com/states/florida/story/2018/05/14/florida-to-monitor-broward-election-chief-after-judge-finds-unlawful-ballot-destruction-in-wasserman-schultz-race-415832
What particular changes would actually have towards the bill? It provides free IDs, accepts college IDs etc.
That's shitty. Hopefully Cooper and Meadows are able to get this dealt with
He can't look left or right from where he was stopped.
Yup text came about 2 hours after though
Did you just report lost?
No it wasn't. Does not stop at all after the gate
No it isn't
I still have the picture in my post
Lovely!
It isn't that great for the carriers except people are locked into the service which most don't change all that often. I've been an at&amp;t customer for over a decade. The installment plan is interest free and I cash out the phone when I upgrade it and restart the plan.
May not want to call 911 for psychiatric though. Lot of people got killed by police trying to help.
There too
I can here the silence
How are they breaking the law?
*may be a trespass. Without knowing the location I can not speak to any of that. If he is a hoarder, and those birds are visible on either the charger or rider map as would be the case I just don't really care. &gt;and took several photos of a man on his private property in order to publicly shame him Again **IF** they are hoarder, they should be glad that is all that happens. Some people have gotten tires slashed, broken windows etc, for where they where hoarding birds. &gt;**The released photo of which could identify him and potentially his property,** and reveals details about his personal life if you look hard enough. No, the GPS did that. Someone just took action on it. &gt;Now, if I’m on the street grabbing Birds, be it as a charger or a mech As long as birds are captured properly this wont be an issue. I certainly use my dash cam at all times going out to protect myself. There is no expectation of privacy in public. &gt;I’ve been harassed for existing in this competitive sphere as it is Exactly why you should have a dash cam or body cam.
Yes but he also hates CHIna
A trend that can't continue, ends.
So Texas? Seriously the only reason NC is seen as being in a civil War is because we still have a somewhat living democratic party.
So less than the margin where *turned in*. Like I said, and you stated in your comment
Dowless probably committed fraud then too, costing the incumbent his seat. People arguing that fraud should not get a redo just the general are being distasteful
When all these voices are gone, and the GOP is kicked to the real political wilderness, actions like this are going to be an anchor on the neck of any conservative resurgence. We prob get "free" health care though I guess.
Won't it be pretty dire come 2020? Those conservative wins he has had would require some level of Republican Power in DC so they can actually take hold for decades. Else, you know Obama and Houses made of Sand and all that.
Unless you prove Harris willfully and knowingly employed Dowless in order to commit electoral fraud I think the position that it is forfeit is hard sale, especially if you cannot ascertain the true victor regardless of votes that should have been discounted. Saving money is not valid reason to just say let's give the seat to the democrat. Hold a new election if the validity of the vote is in question.
Pretty sure you can slow down regardless
I don't really care what he thinks about a new election and primary
I use it to reconcile shared credit card payments with what each person has due to that card. It is not possible to find this number in ynab that easily.
Any idea how to get the api to talk to excel directly, power query is kicking my butt right now.
&gt;No one spoke about 'saving money' except you Really, the comment I was replying to you before you inserted your caustic self was the one that mentioned it. Try reading again. &gt;However. Best way to prevent this in the future? If proven, it’s a forfeit. You don’t get another chance at an election. **Saves state a ton of money too.** And would be a deterrent for (getting caught) cheating.
What if they were just stuck?
&gt;even if the mandate was intended to be inseparable from everything else by the original Congress, couldn’t that have been changed when the current Congress went in and amended the ACA last year? Severability does not apply to congress itself. Everything is always severable if they make a change. It is their inherent power, and they cannot be bound by a previous congress. Courts however do not have the same power.
No congress removed the tax penalty. Not the command to buy insurance. The Mandate is still in the law.
But the mandate *specifically to insurers not to discriminate upon pre existing conditions* does not work without the mandate to buy insurance via tax authority. So the rest of the law falls because it is built upon interconnected parts. As the architects said, including Obama, Pelosi, and that Mass. Health Care Expert. Without the mandate, the law fails.
&gt;Congress is allowed to pass impractical laws that work badly. Congress is not allowed to pass unconstitutional commands to the populace. Which is what this is. They removed their authority to give the command, and thus the mandate itself must end. The architects of the law all said the mandate must exist or it falls.
What a bunch of idiots. Like why? You were perfectly good to arrest the guy, and had done nothing wrong up to that point. Then you want to do something wrong for what reason?
Why would the case for the person illegally carrying a weapon be dismissed? Nothing on the video absolves him of that crime.
There is only one version &gt;Acceptable IDs would include driver licenses, passports, university and community college IDs that meet state standards, military and veteran IDs, tribal enrollment cards, state ID cards issued to non-drivers, state and municipal employee IDs, and a new form of ID to be issued county elections boards.
It cant be that hard, you got fafsa? Your a citizen.
what else could have possibly be included in the bill for you to support it? &gt;Acceptable IDs would include driver licenses, passports, university and community college IDs that meet state standards, military and veteran IDs, tribal enrollment cards, state ID cards issued to non-drivers, state and municipal employee IDs, and a new form of ID to be issued county elections boards.
Can't those people volunteer you to go the elections board, which can also issue IDs to people now under this bill?
&gt;bringing the full might of the US against A single house of Congress is not that.
Only as a tax, without the tax it is not constitutional. &gt;In 2017 Congress removed the mandate No it removed the tax penalty alone through reconciliation. They could not touch the mandate without triggering the filibuster. &gt;What The Repeal Does And Does Not Do &gt;First, the tax cut act does not repeal the individual mandate as such. Rather it zeros out both the dollar amount and percentage of income penalties imposed by the mandate. Section 5000A remains in the statute and still provides: &gt;&gt;**An applicable individual shall for each month beginning after 2013 ensure that the individual, and any dependent of the individual who is an applicable individual, is covered under minimum essential coverage for such month.** Oh what did you say again? &gt;#You seem unaware of the basic facts.
&gt;Move the date it's required to after the 2020 election to allow for people to get the required ID. There are no penalties for republicans blocking IDs which they will surely do. Compromise, enforce it provisionally in 2020, so people know the procedure for 2022 and beyond. All provisional ballots filed without ID are presumed valid unless there a burden of proof against the voter. &gt;The absentee requirements are vague and what constitutes an acceptable way to show proof. All it says is " In this day and age there should be some way to verify the ballot as valid using technology I am unsure how to go about this but yes it needs to be looked at. &gt;Change 163A-869.1.B from county to state management. &gt;Change 163A-869.1.C from county to state management. I am unsure how this law will be in practice, as a state worker who deals with massive databases already, there should be a state backend to the actual database such that the county administers there own set as users. The state should ideally begin selling IT services to counties because you have no idea how bad it is already out there.
Because the people that wanted to stop the Selma March also thought it that was violent speech.
*Actionable threats.
Ahh so the mask slips. You want to curtail free speech to eventually ban republicans by conflating them with Nazis. And you somehow think people don't see through your transparent bullshit.
Thought this was a Philip hue scene
Use undeb.it with ynab. Very informative.
Looks like NCSU
&gt;This is coming from a European native who has only been exposed to the "correct" type of English via education, I mean no offense. Don't worry, once the plans are finalized we will make sure you learn english and all the necessary colloquialisms from childhood under auspices of the United States of Earth.
&gt; You want good schools? They don't! They want to pay lower property taxes. You can't have both! Bullshit. &gt;You think we shouldn't attack groups of people? They don't! They have enshrined in law a positive right to discriminate against gay people (thru pre-emption). You mean religioius freedom restoration acts? The one that came into being to protect native american peyote rituals? K bro. &gt;You want clean air and water? They don't! They want companies like Chemours to have free reign to do as they please in our state. They gave hog farmers a legal right to spray hog crap on your house. Or we recognize there is a cost benefit analysis to be done with environmental laws vs industry. You can reduce all pollution risk to zero, simply stop all industry.
It is against the rules on this sub is it not? &gt;No personal attacks/racism And yes, moderation requires this. The problem with reddit it the anonymity leads to poor discourse so there must be some effort to correct it or it will always devolve.
&gt; I think the only way to treat that is with hostilely So what you are saying is we should treat people like you like shit, and the general assembly is correct to use all avenues at their disposal to neuter the democratic party within this state? Because for the Republican party in NC the Democrats did really do a lot of the same shit you are angry at the NCGA first. Some of which Cooper himself voted for.
I am not lying, I messaged you all regarding a hateful message and one of you all told me to pound sand in not so many words.
Can you prove he directed dowless to engage in electoral fraud? If not then your first point and the subsequent ones are nothing more than partisan wish casting
No they switched water because Detroit had raised the rates so high they could no longer afford it. Then they failed to is the buffer
They had to switch water sources cause Detroit made it astronomical in cost.
Do you not have a joint account? That is what I do, i run a query on the transfers to that account to see the balance due to it from each of us and only pay joint expenses out of that account or a credit card.
So they will just bring more profits to the United States then? Who lowered their rate last year? Sounds good to me.
They don't or will use it less because of the tax reform last year
51%? Republicans won the most votes in Congressional elections in NC this year. Not democrats. Edit. Since apparently you all can't check wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2018_United_States_House_of_Representatives_elections_in_North_Carolina
Who controlled the AGs office when that info was handed to prosecutors? Who was the Wake DA?
Trump did not assume office until 2017.
Your numbers are wrong. Republicans got the majority of the votes. 50.39 R to 48.35 D https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2018_United_States_House_of_Representatives_elections_in_North_Carolina
that was not ann coulter.
It would just go to the Treasury for debt or as a tax income. The government cant spend money on projects unless they are directed by Congress.
This is wrong
&gt;These are the same experts that told us staying in Afghanista When was the last time AQ brought down a building in the United States or something of a similar death toll? You know, when the next plane flies into building after this, or a major terrorist attack kills scores of americans on our shores, you, the idiots trumpist, and the president get to take all the blame regardless of the cause. Congrats, you have played yourself.
Nah, I am good. Let them rot. A certain segment can fuck right of and die. You can't secure the country at home or abroad. Fuck you Rand Paul. You can't do easy lifting on reform for the government or the hard stuff like entitlements. And you wanna be racist and ignorant as a badge of honor. They can fuck right off and die.
I did works like a charm.
Depends on the market. Here in Raleigh we got a 500 cap. Before that bird had nearly 1500. Now the hoarders are getting blown the fuck out and we can trigger the alarms as often as we care too. Additionally bird is taking steps to stop precapture. The ceiling is so low now bird can't afford to have scooters off the street for weeks.
its target, just need your card.
Mattis 2020
No pro life person says that. Fertilized egg is distinct human DNA
Not everywhere. I discovered this and almost died.
Have we ever heard why the state investigation went no where either?
I support them both. Burr has done a good job over the past year leasing the intel committee. Tillis similarly has not been someone who has been disgraced themselves to get president's favor and remained the same person he was before 2016. Subsidies will continue to exist as long as the primary is in Iowa, and the trade war going on. The senate actually excluded the proposal for farm subsidies and Senator Grassley was against it. It was the house that had to have it.
I have tons at my mom's house in GSO. They are all winterized.
May he rest in peace
The Dow is not the economy
The Dems were prepared to give him 25 billion in April...
How did that lady get injured?
Yea oh we stopped this thief yay... Destroyed our cars in the process. Bang up job.
Here's the thing
It's not the tsunamis from the volcano that are a problem. It's the megathrust fault just off shore.
Rainer no. There is a megathrust fault off the coast though
She thought the unemployment rate was low because people are working two jobs. Yea that's fucking dumb.
And how'd that turn out? Bad. It's fucking bad.
It never was. The founders where the fucking elite of the elite. Rich, landed, and exceptionally learned people.
In a laughing way sure.
Because Congressional pay is set by constituonal law. Just like the president's. They are not allowed to not accept it either.
It could be worse she could be poor like you. Loser.
I hate trump and hate her. Many people do. You're ignorant if you think you can only hate one or the other.
Don Jr is a private citizen. Imagine if the president threatened to use the power of his office to go after private citizens and how bad that would look and how much ink would be spilled condemning it. You don't have too. It's bad when Trump does it it's bad when she does it. How hard is this fucking concept.
I dont think so. The reverse yes, earthquake causing volcano. but the magnitude of power is so much larger I don't think it's possible for volcano to cause it. 2011 literally made the planet wobble. Though, localized tsunami is possible from land slides
I don't think he should be threatened with a subpoena for retweeting a meme. Are you that terrible of an idiot that you don't understand this?
File with car insurance
Why is it the conservative jurist are always prone to switching sides, but liberals never worry about their justices doing the same thing?
Recession is not. It is defined.
Ugh I got the home hub and speaker deal, already have Alexa so maybe this needs to be returned.
To me it's like a federal grand jury proceeding. Unless they find something actionable to either bring a civil or criminal case, I err on the side of confidentiality. Once they decide to bring a case then, Alexa, *turn lights to bright white.*
Your concern there is a separate issue than an confidential investigation. We should and are able to see who donated to candidates.
From the flu... It's deadly
Defintley lock them up somehow. I charge I few in car and one day had the chargers stolen
I was assaulted once. Definitely carry mace now.
The new SBOE cannot constitute itself until Jan 31. The governor does not necessarily have the power to create an interim board, less the General Assembly has given him that power. The particulars of the previous law throwing out the structure of the board does not mean the old statute is active. That is not generally how it works. The SBOE staff will continue their investigation regardless as they are empowered by law to do. Hearings will simply be postponed till february. The SBOE has already said they will take as long as required till they reach a satisfactory resolution on the question.
That's factually incorrect, Congress can do nothing unless SBOE actually certifies a winner. &gt;today while they are screaming for transparency in the collected evidence -- the new law will forbid the distribution of it. No it would not. The new law does not apply retroactively. I do not think the law would apply to this situation at all.
John Wick her and her family
Oh you would be surprised I had a trucker pull a similar move on me here. The lane was open for another two miles but they wanted to close it early.
Ba dum tiss
Well gonna do you a lot of good in GA. Also, their Facebook for deleted. This is like the same thing as barbecue Betty and those other pubic freak outs.
That's why I asked. Do you see anything in the title?
Pepper spray a guy. Actually I was just trying to report him. But he wanted to try or pretend to punch me.
Backblaze.com Off-site storage is the only thing that protects you here.
Quick comment. Only if it has not seen the files/drive and your computer is connected. If you computer is off that clock never starts.
Only if it has not seen the files/drive AND your computer is connected. If you computer is off that clock never starts.
They aren't announcing it it's a leak
Cost, pod always pull, refillable etc. Juul is a stylish and somewhat convient tool when it works and has power. These are convient and get much better hits, and last most of the day. I've have a big mod, got a juul for something that can fit in my pocket but struggled mightily with leaving the mod at my desk or wherever. I leave the mod mod at home now and take the Novo. Gonna get a new open pod soon though.
Yes I do.
It's not like they don't already get $5000 from the feds.
You do know Amazon was never choosing any other cities but DC &amp; NYC? It was a scam. They got priceless data on every city worth a damn in the country.
And I find it ironic you didn't read the last sentence. Dumbness at it's finest.
Redlining a policy still active as late as the 80s was way less 150 years ago.
No another state agency, after 2-3 days.
Because a lot of people want to pretend this is totally with out merit even though the case referenced all the time was a civil suit against the police by the private party, not criminal prosecution by the state against someone who had a clear duty.
I need more jpeg
he's definitively exaggerating. 1 or twice? Please probably hundreds of times.
The persecutor you mean? Haven't seen it yet.
Except they are.
Santa Monica's fee was $130 per scooter. Ours is $300
Our other fee was 150,000$ per company. Their fee was 20,000.
https://bigthink.com/neurobonkers/the-bike-helmet-paradox https://usa.streetsblog.org/2016/06/02/why-helmets-arent-the-answer-to-bike-safety-in-one-chart/ https://www.theguardian.com/science/2016/jan/24/bike-helmet-appetite-danger You are only for the rules cause they are rules. I am against the rules because they are ineffectual at best, and harmful at worst. &gt;then expect a state of disorder due to absence or nonrecognition of authority If people are already not following the rules because they are bad, why do you think chaos will reign either way. &gt;They're there for a reason. Wouldn't you agree? Yes, because some ass hat passed something they thought would be helpful even though it is not. Or look a something else like the speed limit. Its far lower than it should be on most highways, why has it not increased with the increase in active and passive safety measures in cars? Money.
I am sure no one has mentioned it but..... Cookout.
He is kinda of a tool
It really doesn't make it sound that way. Going to Mars is actual subject of the sentence. ( Of which the moon is a part)
True stereotype though
They are also are physically weaker.
No they shouldn't. Your state is. Your state can change the rules if you elect them to do so.
Lo siento didn't realize
There is no statute, just DOJ regulations.
Is it though? The standard is to be motivated by hate alone. Attacking your neighbor who is of a different group then you and whose dog shits in the yard were you say it shouldn't isn't a hate crime even if you don't like the other group generally. Emmitt Till for example would be a crime motivated by hate alone.
No. All classes of political organization below a state, are creatures of the state and exist only as extensions of state power. States are Sovereign, the a federal Government is the other as states gave Sovereignty to it. Cities are not. Small Government is meant and has always meant to be federalism.
How is a state exercising its inherent police power over sheriffs, which draw their power from it, not a valid exercise of state power?
Didn't go well for the Taliban either
If Iran Gets Nukes so do the Saudis, who funded Pakistans program.
He's Jewish
How is that a flip flop? He's saying you can go after them in the public sphere to debate them, not cancel their admissions.
Is there any proof he ever used it against another student like that?
Any good article on this?
Pmd
Pm
Pmd
