I think this pic should come up on 'Life in the UK' tests when you're applying for citizenship.
But let's say in December you turned $1,000 into $5,000. You can take $2500 and invest into promising low market cap coins. Say when you average them out, the average market cap that is $30mil today becomes $150mil by the end of January - a reasonable figure. You now have $12,500 from these alt coins alone. Your $2,500 from your 'main' coin has turned into $5,000. Your original investment is basically nothing compared with what you have now. Because the profit works on a percentage basis, you can turn that thousand into half a million by the end of the year. Unlikely but possible. Maybe only possible in 2017 and 2018 market conditions.
My predictions are the total market cap will not increase as dramatically - maybe triple by the end of the year at most. What is going to happen, I think, is the dominance between Bitcoin and Ethereum and Ripple dropping, with more money cascading into alt coins of all variety. Ethereum and Ripple are still decent investments (but not 10x by the end of 2018), Bitcoin will not crash but will be propped up at a 25k or so level, consistently bleeding money but replenished by newbies buying it up, seeing as it's still the de facto face of the crypto world. It will still hold as the dominant trading pair and will very much have to have some stability or growth. If they fix the transaction fees and how slow it is, expect it to hold dominance for longer.
and here I was wondering why some of my friends started being pescatarians all of a sudden
My advice is, if you check out the subreddit for the coin and all you see is shilling for how much money it can make rather than any technical detail, it's probably a shitcoin.
Ayyy what did we say
I hadn't read the whitepaper, but I had a conversation with someone on reddit like 2-3 weeks ago about the coin where they dissected some technical problems for me and I was gonna link it but unfortunately I can't find the comments anymore. They've convinced me to withdraw my investment into XBY, and even though it's making profits, I don't think it's worth putting money into it now unless some new technical stuff has come out. All I remember was the coin was in the 130-160 market cap position and it was described as something that will supersede RaiBlocks - a bold claim, can't ever see it happening now. There was also something about how the market cap should increase six-fold in January because they're locking coins out of circulation or something, so if you hold em they'll be worth more.
Found it - it was [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoMarkets/comments/7k9o3p/what_do_you_think_is_going_to_be_next_big_thing) where someone entertained the idea of XBY sucking, then I used the search function to look around what people are saying about the coin overall, decided to put money into something else.
How does that make sense?
Grade boundaries institute an essential difference between the officially recognized, guaranteed *competence* and mere "possession of knowledge", so to speak, which would be constantly required to prove itself in some way. So you're right, however competence and high pay do not always correlate... nepotism, discrimination, and uneven ratios of compensation for academic knowledge between subjects are rife.
KuCoinShares I'd say. XRB and other high performers are gonna be listed on KuCoin very soon and KCS will rise even higher. Check its chart on CoinMarketCap. Lowest risk coin I can think of, but I can't guarantee the biggest gains. Want more return on investment, pay attention to LargeSnorlax haha. Personally I'm holding Desire and Verify that he mentioned last week. The graphs are perking up now.
/r/tinder has peaked, this is amazing
PRL was recommended by LargeSnorlax when it was just under ten cents a piece, I saw his comment and held some for a few days, bought on the 21st of December - wish I still had some! Wait until this peak dips and buy some. Expect large but not extreme growth - it's $40,000,000 in market cap right about now.
On that note, I can't be the only one who liked Raditude?
Your advice and this subreddit is gaining a lot of traction, to the point of pumping the low market cap coins you recommend. Is this something to worry about as someone who buys the coin, i.e. basically getting in on the wrong moment of the pump and dump? Or is that minuscule and the attention is actually good because it will register the rise on CoinMarketCap, LiveCoinWatch, etc. bringing steady longer term attention to the coin?
*The gang runs for office*
Good ideas and response, thanks.
11.8 billion dollar market cap 9th largest by market cap "new" lmao
Figured could be good reading for those who missed it. More ideas for analyzing CoinMarketCap for trends - would be nice to hear your thoughts on this. Feel free to remove post if not the right place for it.
You should put one of those tracking orders which sell at market price when price reaches X below peak. Might sell the dip but might prevent having to sell at a larger dip if the coin never perks up. Reinvest in some of the coins suggested here in the 3rd of Jan and the 26th of December thread.
&gt;'normies' REEEEEBlocks
If anyone is shopping around on sites like EtherDelta and are confused about what 'gas price' is, check this out - [ETH Gas Station.](https://ethgasstation.info/)
My comment really aged, hasn't it? lol
PRL, KCS.
Kucoin is a smaller exchange so if you want to buy something you're gonna have to grab a sell order quicker/put a higher bid price on your order when competing with other people. Eventually people try to fill their orders before the order book clears and do so by driving up their own prices.
Dogecoin is my retirement fund
I threw some money into crypto but to suggest to stick your retirement fund into it is ridiculous. I won't deny, there are coins which consistently double, triple, or even do a rare 10x in value within a month and don't crash after, and this is likely to be for the entire 2018, and it's more than possible to capitalise here on it yourself. However that still doesn't mean you should throw in any money you cannot afford to lose.
I mean I was memeing right now, but actually there are some reasons why it's better than bitcoin - the transaction speeds are better, the transaction costs are lower (we're talking a few cents for doge but around 30 dollars for bitcoin), and it has a chance of providing more profit than bitcoin - a month ago today bitcoin was 11-12 thousand dollars, now it's 17 thousand - peaking at 19 thousand earlier in december. Doge, on the other hand, quadrupled in price. It's definitely a meme coin, but it's not the worst investment, as far as making profit itself counts. Other than that, I don't see it having much purpose - although people did raise enough money to send the Jamaican bobsled team to the 2014 Sochi Olympics with dogecoin. There are far better coins to invest, some which might actually have a real use in the future so if the crypto market begins to crash or at least shed its' useless coins, there are some which will keep on growing - things like RaiBlocks for having no fees and near instantaneous transactions, things like Monero for anonymity and security (wait till all the rich people figure out how to hide their wealth in crypto).
I remember you replied to someone about MyWish and I decided to keep an eye on it. The graph looks good, but is there a good chance for it to get onto more exchanges in the short term future? I will second you on CRED, for anyone else reading. Good entry point cause it's having a dip.
Hmm, might swap Desire for WISH or PRL - didn't expect PRL to do what it did this week, haha. Maybe even ELIX.
Aye, it nearly doubled for me, but I am losing confidence because it could go wherever. Looking to move my things to Kucoin too, so buying coins available there - I don't like the look of Mercatox. Cheers for the advice on PRL.
XRB, PRL, ELIX for maybe a month.
Best long term? RaiBlocks, Request Network, KuCoin Shares. Also maybe Oyster Pearl and Elixir because "long term" in crypto could be a month, haha.
Fucking Mercatox haha, I'm getting stuck with Rai also. Also KCS has outperformed my expectations in hours, I should've transformed all my Kucoin XRB for KCS last night, but eh, I don't own a crystal ball. As for PRL, I considered it when it had 1.5mil marketcap but that was when EtherDelta got hacked, so yeah, caught the 4mil train, didn't hold long enough. No crystal ball.
One day follow up - you reckon KCS will still rise? 100%+ is insane, I am not sure when the dip might come.
KuCoin. The good shit appears there first before the normies get it. Plus KCS is neat, check its growth.
I can imagine considering it's a safe long term hold, yielding scraps of other coins as people trade - I've got like 7 KCS when it was over a dollar just for no real reason, now it's worth over a hundred, plus I've got 2 cents worth of bitcoin from people's trades lol. Last time I checked KuCoin it was like 40-something by volume. Now it's 20th. Can see it growing even bigger considering it's the exchange that propels low market cap coins into huge profits.
Only if it gets onto the bigger exchanges, or if the exchange COSS grows in volume by, say, accomodating more coins. COSS being traded primarily on COSS is very, very niche. One reason why KCS grew large is because RaiBlocks migrated to KuCoin.
[Interesting how you and I have similar January 1 trillion market cap related crypto penis bets.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7kei69/this_time_next_year_the_top_100_will_consist_of/dre6dtv/)
Wait so Binance is now a special club?
There's always the feeling one could do more... I mean I've done pretty good but then in my head I'm thinking "should've sold XRB at the 37 dollar peak and bought all the PRL under a dollar I could before it exploded this week" lol.
Aye, you can deposit LTC. According to [Eth Gas Station](https://ethgasstation.info/) the transaction speed for Ethereum isn't that slow at the moment - was definitely worse earlier.
I honestly am starting to believe that the timelines split sometime in 2016.
OP literally said this in the last paragraph: &gt;Be careful trading on low volume exchanges or low market cap coins with very little daily trade volume. That's who it applies to. I'm guessing anyone who spent time making orders on IDEX.market or EtherDelta already knows this but my first time I really didn't expect just how low the trading volume was going to be. Maybe someone's seeing this who had the thought to visit EtherDelta but hasn't tried it out yet, idk.
Two weeks from now he'll be right about ELIX, too.
It's like a legit coin with a niche use but it's being pumped and dumped right now. It's been growing at a good rate before exploding this week, however, so I'd get some in your portfolio.
go up seven times its price in the past month lol
I was wondering when this would happen. The sub had like 50-100 visitors at all times, so did your spreadsheet.
I consider myself very much a socialist, however I don't see how investing in crypto will make me a bad one. I'm only here because I've seen how hard it is to have no money and how easy it is to be knocked down and that the boots don't stop kicking once you're on the floor. Sure, it's a bubble, there's a lot of scams, it's gambling, tons of shitcoins, pumps and dumps, unadulterated free markets, hackers, etcetera. however there's a lot of technologically inclined people who are not well off who could make their life a lot easier in just a few months' time by taking part in crypto. Whether the cryptosphere succeeds or not will only currently affect a niche group of people. If it all comes crashing down in the short future then a bunch of extremely online people would feel very pissed off. If it keeps growing then the same people will be very glad they got into it. This isn't, say, the housing bubble, like in my country, in the UK, where the elite have obliterated my generation's chance for ever owning a home on an honest wage. Half of the housing stock has been obtained by for-profit landlords to grow their wealth. Areas of London remain vacant, houses bought up by oligarchs who don't even fucking live here. These people are profiteering on other people's shelter and the ability to settle down and raise families. We're profiteering on technological half baked niches that could easily be ignored and nobody is under a need to use or obtain. It seems like the only way I could maintain a decent living here is with another bubble. We're living in a world where actually studying and working hard is no longer enough.
/r/LateStageCapitalism has dank memes and ideals but not a lot of pragmatism. /r/ChapoTrapHouse is the best leftist sub tbh
This sub is full of libertarians who see themselves as geniuses because they're making money and everyone poor an automatic idiot, as opposed to it being a failure of the system in how many people have to live like Ann, or worse. Everyone who is able to read this thread is lucky that they have had the time to learn and capital to invest, and that their media sphere allows them to be exposed to things such as cryptocurrency in an informative manner in the first place. Notice how one of the higher upvoted comments is taking the piss out of Ann. Ann did nothing wrong by spending her time working to sustain herself. In that comment Ann is presumed to be a left winger edgy girl but in reality could be anything from a socialist to a liberal to a right winger who thinks the immigrants in her country are the reason her life sucks. If we as a community want to attract people to cryptocurrency and make it useful then we need to find people in our lives and educate them, show how it can help improve their situation, show how it could be as easy and viable as having your money in your pocket or in the bank. We need to listen to their concerns, answer their questions, and show that crypto as a technology and community is not composed of "lol drugs and fucked up shit".
Nowhere does it say that Ann is a leftist. She could be, but she could also be a Trump voter who thinks the immigrants are the reason her life is shit (whilst getting slapped in the face by the new tax reform). The point of this was to say that capitalism doesn't reward people based on merit. However, we as a community need to work on our PR about crypto being for the 'drug dealers and fucked up individuals' kind, and educate people in our lives on crypto and listen to their concerns. There's a mass of people who hear about bitcoin and are fascinated by it but don't know what is involved, and where or how to begin to invest into crypto as a whole. With how precarious the future looks for many people, throwing in a sliver of money into crypto would in my opinion help them.
The definition of socialism is muddled by various interpretations, but philosophically it is a system of managing a society where the population as a whole own the means of production and the fruits of the labour. The distribution of forms of capital occurs on the basis of needs, "from each according to their ability, to each according to their needs" as Karl Marx put it. The logic here is that in a productive industrialised society, scarcity of resources would not exist for any person if the fruits of labour were to be distributed fairly. Maybe it was not possible to be so at the time of Marx, but consider today how much food is thrown away, how many houses remain empty, how much consumer good stock is destroyed in order to maintain a market price, and it seems pretty convincing that poverty in a country like the US or UK is entirely artificial. When you said socialism relies on heavy government influence/control that is only the case for social democrats (not actually socialists but more of liberals with large welfare states, see Sweden, and as you said, by feeding the govt. more money they curb the elites), and authoritarian regimes (USSR, China, etc. The logic here was that to overthrow the elite one must seize the government power with a revolutionary vanguard and use the power to seize the industries from private owners, eventually passing on the means of production down to the workers. As we can see with history, once you seize the government it's quite convenient to just keep that power to yourself.) On the other hand, socialist thought such as libertarian socialism and anarcho-communism is concerned with decentralisation of power. I can see them making an argument for using cryptocurrency as opposed to institutions such as banks (perfect example of concentrated power) for as long as we live in a society where fruits of labour are largely distributed based on money. You're right on that cryptocurrency is a libertarian ideal. A lot of the times libertarian capitalists and libertarian socialists display same thought but end up with completely different conclusions. Maybe crypto is one of the common ground areas. A lot of political literature predates the virtual world, and I think this field would require future thinking on the issue.
Also Verify (CRED) right about now
Do you know how long it is until XRB is tradeable on Binance? I've moved it into KCS the other night to a good result, and want to catch the cheaper XRB before it actually lists on Binance and gets expensive again.
Aha, thanks. I see some profit taking from PRL and rises on Elixir and wonder is this the point where Elixir gets pumped? Good entry point?
Not to hijack the thread, but what are the main differences between civil engineering and 'civil and environmental engineering'?
Jesus christ I remember upvoting that on my other account... Life comes at you fast. Kinda miss the old reddit now.
Maybe four or five times a day, I type in "coinmarketcap (name of each currency I hold)", then look at the top 100, then total market cap graph, then the coins I held recently but no longer do. I also check this sub and /r/LargeSnorlax haha
Idex.market and EtherDelta
Never a boring day in crypto.
So you're saying one of the most ubiquitous crypto websites making a big change which was not explained properly didn't have an effect? Why do you think bitcoin is dipping?
If bitcoin is stable or gently growing, alts go up. If bitcoin is growing fast or is dipping, alts always dip.
Hmm, do I get ELIX now or more PRL? Not sure how much steam is left on the PRL train though. If you meant 'move hard' as in dip, then I'll probably get some PRL.
Oh right, cheers. Thought you meant the rise was absorbed by the overall dip today, so it looked like it went flat.
It looks shit and has small daily volume but I like it. Idex.market is another one with a much better interface.
How would I use Revolut to cash out? I thought they accept either Euro or Pounds, so you have to sell the coins somewhere first. I'm in UK, btw.
40 years is twice my current lifetime. I can deal with a possible loss of a pocket change sum if it all comes crashing down, but I'll regret not ever trying - current gains here in crypto are too good to pass up.
The exchange is amazing tbh. Yes, the things that get added there don't seem to be shitcoins and explode in market cap within a week.
As soon as [Verify (CRED)](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/verify/) gets onto KuCoin, buy.
Aye I did - it should be pinned to the sidebar tbh. There's just something wrong with Ether Delta's internal wallets. I gave up waiting and basically sent my ETH to a different exchange at 20 gas and it went through in minutes.
Hmm, how does that work?
I've noticed that XRB is picking up now. You reckon it'll go above 32-35 before being listed on Binance? I've sold it for Kucoin alts during the past few days and made quite a bit of profit - I can jump in back into XRB or wait and see where the alts would go (Elix, PRL, Publica), what do you think?
I think only because of actual technical issues. If they were greedy they could've put up a withdrawal fee.
Hmm, good point, I guess I can always hold all four aha. If anyone finds this useful - Binance typically lists things a week after the vote is over, so that might be the 12th of January, however I am almost sure it'll take a bit longer.
I held some HAT like a fortnight ago, but it felt almost like a massive shitcoin - the subreddit had no discussions about the project, only how it was going to moon soon. Have there been actual updates since?
Now that is fresh, dude. What the hell is it though?
[Ellaism (ELLA)](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ellaism/) went from 6 mil to 14 mil marketcap in the past couple of days.
There is no option if you're simply using your browser. Just set 'gas price' to higher than recommended at [ETH Gas Station.](https://ethgasstation.info/)
yesss
OK that sounds good, thanks.
As someone who looked into crypto, buying bitcoin is the worst entry one can do (apart from then buying some pump and dump). You'll be spending like thirty dollars making a transaction that takes a day or more to complete. There's a reason Steam took away the bitcoin option in its store. Bitcoin peaked last month at 19k and dropped down to anything between 12 to 15k. When some normie sees the news how people are getting rich off of bitcoin or whatever they'll download coinbase, throw in a hundred dollars, pay four dollars just for coinbase fees, and end up with a fraction of coin so small it'll get eaten up when they try to cash out as bitcoin price drops and their share is now worth seventy dollars.
dude's probably dying soon and is too wealthy/powerful to face any real consequences, doubt he gives a fuck
I agree. You tag people like this though - /u/DeltaTT /u/The-Big-Macc
Does the fork work whilst EtherDelta is clogged? Couldn't use the 'deposit' function yesterday.
Alright I see. That makes more sense, the bar would pull apart at the grooves, I was thinking of compression.
kind of a dick move letting his cook lose all her savings. could've chipped in with some advice
All you gotta do for now is to go deeper than the normies. This year you won't be able to make a lot of money simply buying on Coinbase and holding, or whatever the normies are doing nowadays. I'm sure people on this sub know this. Investing in the top 15 probably won't cut it either, but there are some good ones in there. You've got to be the guy buying XRB when it's under a dollar, buying (non shitcoin) things on EtherDelta like CRED that have no Bitcoin trading pair so it's resilient to market corrections. What you do is when you see low market cap/new coins recommended is to make a note of them and the person who recommended it, then a few weeks later see who made a good recommendation and follow them because they might be putting in the work to find the gems. Of course don't follow them blindly, but do your own research and use their perspective to reflect on yours.
Who gives a shit about a boost in exports when the common working person is now more likely to struggle to afford food, rent, etc. now that the value of the pound has dropped?
£10 says you never went to uni. "left wing echochamber" lol
Thanks for the explanation, I wanna try it now /s
My favourite scene by that actor is him singing Teenage Dirtbag in the Generation Kill miniseries.
&gt;I wanted to impress her with simple things like having tea, biscuits and yogurt. Idk why but I love this sentence
Thank you, I will make sure to avoid [**Upfiring (UFR)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/upfiring/) [**Bitboost (BBT)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitboost/) [**Hawala.Today (HAT)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hawala-today/) [**Payfair (PFR)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/payfair/) [**Copico (XCPO)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/copico/) in the future 😉
Verify (CRED)
I was being sarcastic, I linked the coinmarketcap pages so people can check em out real quick
There it is...
Kobe! *(launches condom into bin)*
Mercatox, actually
I know right lmao. Anyone who has been around crypto or investing in general knows this shit. There's been a huge, huge influx in subreddit subscribers since around Christmas and the general atmosphere is that one can get rich in like a week so they'll lap up anything. /r/CryptoCurrency is full of shit and other people accusing posts of being shills or spreading FUD. This guy didn't even make a single recent good investment, apart from having enough balls to drop money into bitcoin half a decade ago. Plus he says something like "never have more than five percent of your portfolio in crypto", so I'm guessing I'm meant to believe the half a million sloshing around were his five percent?
So what you're saying is, if this all comes down, all we had to do is invest in the two most successful cryptocurrencies out of over a thousand and hold for over a decade? Great...
Literally almost every ICO (initial coin offering) is a scam. Make a website, throw in some technologically sounding buzzwords, make it slightly different than another coin (hahaha porn eksdeee), make sure your team owns a significant share of these tokens from the start, and boom. You've done it, buddy.
The poster used alt accounts to jack himself off in the comment section. Plus the advice was very normie tier, and the way he made his half a million (without proof I might add) was buying and holding bitcoin since 2013. He literally had no special trading advice, etc. that you haven't heard before for the condition our market is in.
Hah, no fucking way... Thanks for the advice. Saved your comment when you made it. What are some newer picks, or these are good still?
Saw these in another thread, apparently [a group is looking to pump these as they have great potential](https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7pjhe3/be_weary_of_people_shilling_you_their_bags_on_here/) (and yes the comment thread OP makes a point to avoid pumps (and dumps) but these seem technologically solid) [**Upfiring (UFR)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/upfiring/) [**Bitboost (BBT)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitboost/) [**Hawala.Today (HAT)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hawala-today/) [**Payfair (PFR)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/payfair/) [**Copico (XCPO)**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/copico/) in the comment section someone mentioned [**Blockpool (PBL).**](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/blockpool/)
Aye, I remember some of these, good to hear they're still worth, thanks. Myself I'm mostly set on my choices but now that Cryptopia allows registration again (and etherdelta is less clogged), some of the thread viewers can probably capitalise quite hard here.
They were probably talking about Bitcoin, Ripple, or Ethereum... Time to start digging deeper, sign up to EtherDelta or something, that's where the highest potential profits are. The low market caps. Get as much as you can whilst the bubble is still growing. I won't consider cashing everything out until 1.5 trillion dollar total market cap is reached.
Hawala.Today is the lowest market cap coin that has performed well that I know of.
Aye that is definitely a good idea. Especially when the market is doing well and not dipping like today. A sum that can be replenished easily and yet give you more luxury in day to day life.
Probably more if you want to account for emergencies such as having a Conservative majority government.
me looking for some spicy memes to retweet
They don't. Literally maybe like twenty coins will find a use in some technological niche. But in the words of the great Clay Davis - &gt;Sheeeeeeeeeit, I'll take any motherfucker's money if he's givin' it away!
I see, thanks. Sitting in Elixir myself, PRL is doing alright at the moment but might buy even more Elixir. I'll keep an eye on NTWK, seems interesting. The minor problem I have with Hawala.Today is that there aren't many tokens to go around so psychologically people would be reluctant to buy one for, say, $100, even if it makes no technological difference at all. The developers should've programmed more coins I think, but yeah... IOTA is expected to pick up in a few months because that's when their roadmap gets going. Should be a good buy again.
Watch the film 'Brassed Off' that the quote is sampled from, if you haven't already.
Can confirm, I am familiar with some of this and it's good shit to get. CRED already made great steady gains - get it now before it gets listed on Kucoin. PBL as well as one not mentioned - ELIX are great to me. BBT, PFR, BPL are promising but might have a slow start - if they don't pick up in a week, they will definitely do on the next. UFR is another good one - got pumped but I can expect more.
60 years from now you'd find presidential sex tapes on the front page of pornhub
Distilled grain alcohol and rainwater I'd go for.
I just realised Kucoin allows chart indicators, so I turned on the MACD and RSI, looks like some rudimentary trading is back on the table for me again. Do you use any chart indicators to help you trade or do you just hold the coins?
This is like half a decade of reddit history here. However, no 'narwhal bacon'? Not a single fedora reference?
&gt;They want to shitpost and destroy their enemies. ok where's the lie
Currently wondering why is there no political spectrum meme posting subreddit or Facebook group...
🤔 could it work? I'll respond in 30 years
&gt;never get hangovers no matter how much alcohol I drink. I drink at least a gallon and a half every day. Uh oh, that doesn't sound too healthy...
Except current prices are about 30% higher than ones on EtherDelta - long term it might not matter to someone maybe.
I didn't even look into DeepBrainChain because the name sounds stupid as fuck. I thought that's the most shitcoin name ever.
Oh I have no problem using EtherDelta, I've used it before, but for some reason it became so overloaded and doesn't even load a thing anymore. I tried ForkDelta also, that is also insanely slow. Checking EtherDelta on Etherscan reveals more than a hundred pages of stuck pending transactions. I've tried setting gas price to over a hundred, but no luck. Even if I do get my Ethereum onto the EtherDelta smart contract I will have to place an order for Payfair and the order book refuses to load, so I think I'll have to skip this coin for now.
This thread was ahead of its time lol. Good tip.
Just hold on for a while - Kucoin's alts have been wholly affected. It's not a PRL exclusive issue.
Anyone have a good way to cash out into fiat in UK? I was recommended going GDAX (sell for EUR) to Revolut (exchange EUR for GBP for fee free exchange rate) to bank account. However GDAX is part of coinbase so I don't feel it's trustworthy enough. Can anyone verify this is a decent way or provide a better one?
Bitfinex has a long, drawn out verification process though.
You know you're a racist when even the UKIP leader calls you a racist...
nah it's just the traps are too huge for hands to reach the shoulder
You can view your token balance if you check your wallet in Etherscan.io
IDEX.market - putting the 'decent' into 'Decentralised Ethereum Asset Exchange'.
&gt;I haven't read the Ansari piece that this article is discussing Don't worry, neither did 80% of the people commenting here. I would classify what happened, if the [original account in the *babe* article](https://babe.net/2018/01/13/aziz-ansari-28355) is to be taken seriously, as sexual assault, however, I don't think he should go to prison or anything like that. I'd put what happened down to him being an absolute idiot rather than any serious malice, so he should get another chance. This should be a wake up call for him (and those who think what happened is perfectly normal) to re-examine their behaviour. Considering his whole career is built upon some well put together, hashtag woke nice guy persona, it's pretty weird that he was so pushy and consistently missed, or ignored, rather obvious signs that she wasn't interested in taking anything further. People might say "well she chose to go to his place so it was obvious that sex was implicated to occur" - true, I mean, that's quite obvious to everyone, it was most likely obvious to her, and I would imagine she was open to the possibility, hence her going back to his, but once they got there her interest in sex with him quickly plummeted after he had shown her that he was going to escalate it 0 to 100 pretty damn quick without respect for her boundaries. There is nothing wrong with making a move but it all went completely downhill in the events after the first kiss.
I was watching this BBC report about EU truck drivers last year - they are Eastern European guys, working in their country, so they get paid their country's wages, but their truck driving takes them all the way to countries like Sweden or the UK for several days, meaning they have to scramble for food on what would be a below minimum wage. Very hard state of affairs I'd imagine.
Hey, was just wondering, do you have an opinion on [EtherDelta Token (EDT)?](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/etherdelta-token/) Haven't looked at crypto in a couple of days, not sure if you've been asked about this one before.
Jheeze I don't think I can even afford that lmao... Well as it seems we've both got there in the end - I managed to buy Payfair a day later.
Ahh, I see, thanks.
Ahh, alright then, we're doing ok. Just have to sit out the massive dip the market's undergoing, that's the annoying part too haha
Look, there's nothing wrong with trying to get laid or whatever. It seems to me that he repeatedly tried to put his moves on her when she was uncomfortable - if the article is to be believed, she moved her hands away several times and he tried over and over, for example. I would consider this a sexual transgression, but I don't think he deserves to lose his career or face any charges or anything of the sort. He came off as doing creepy things in the article, why he's being creepy I don't know, but it's clear his social awareness is very low. Also, yes, the girl in question could've been more assertive about where her boundaries lie, I highly doubt Aziz would've reacted badly to it. At the same time Aziz could've himself asked what she was comfortable with, it seems like not much talking happened whilst they were at his place. I don't know much about Aziz (or his career) or the girl in question, I just read the article, that's about it. I also don't know what that little bit about the white or red wine when they're having a date has anything to do with it. It seems like it's used to frame the situation as an 'Aziz was not interested in what I prefer' from the get go, however I think Aziz was just ordering white wine because they were having seafood and that's the generic pairing, so he assumed the girl would go for the same thing.
There are good takes on this sub, but people on this sub like to hate on reddit so much, some can be as toxic as the worst of reddit itself tbh. If you want to be a better person, log off and do things rather than post on an obscure internet forum
&gt; Aziz respected every single verbal communication she made. I wouldn't put it like that. [Someone linked this list in another thread, I'll link it too.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrollXChromosomes/comments/7qgtob/i_just_heard_about_a_sexual_assault_accusation/dspsqgm/?context=3) &gt; What more do you want from him? To be able to read her non-verbal cues ? Actually, yes. That's exactly what I'd like. That's how consent looks like in real life for me. As a guy I have to make most moves. Girls don't walk up to me and say "let's start kissing". I don't walk up to girls and say "let's start kissing". I see what looks appropriate and act accordingly based on social and emotional intelligence. If escalating something to sex I might ask "is this good?" or something along the lines once in a while, but mostly I have to judge by what they're physically doing.
Oh my god /r/WeWantPlates is the sub I've always wanted
OK went digging a bit, hopefully this helps someone in the future too. In the main screen when the game launches, the bottom line of text says - *"FALLOUT 1.2 Copyright(c) 1997 Interplay Productions. TeamX v1.3.5, Fallout Fixt 0.81alpha."* Unless the mod or the game ever updates, which will never happen, the settings found in the file *'VAULT13.GAM'* located in *'(Fallout 1 folder)\Fallout Fixt\DATA\DATA'* are as follows: &gt;VAULT_WATER :=150; // (10) How many days left before Vault 13 dehydrates to death? ... &gt;FOLLOWERS_INVADED_DATE :=64000; // (148) &gt;NECROPOLIS_INVADED_DATE :=64000; // (149) &gt;THE_HUB_INVADED_DATE :=64000; // (150) &gt;BROTHERHOOD_INVADED_DATE :=64000; // (151) &gt;JUNKTOWN_INVADED_DATE :=64000; // (152) &gt;SHADY_SANDS_INVADED_DATE :=64000; // (153) &gt;VAULT_13_INVADED_DATE :=64000; // (154) So what is said here is that the areas would only be invaded after 64,000 days, or 175 years... Looks like Fallout Fixt disables the invasions under 'Full' installation. I see Necropolis is meant to be a special case - there's also this: &gt;NECRO_MUTANTS_TIME_LEFT :=0; // (225) // Holds date at which Watershed mutants were killed or left. 30 days after, Watershed is invaded. &gt;NECRO_30_DAYS_GVAR225 :=0; // (293) // Does Watershed get invaded 30 days after Super Mutants dead or gone, like in vanilla? So apparently Necropolis doesn't get the special condition invasion here either.
Coinbase is one of the most standard, normie infrastructures for crypto and it still feels shady as fuck.
The pixel art in this game is good, but it makes a difference when characters are moving or you are making a targeted shot and there's the pixel outline, for example. Shadows look better, too. Of course it's not necessary but some people might prefer it.
I'm not sure, I just remember playing Skyrim a few years back and I used SMAA because it's more resource efficient than turning AA on in the game settings, and the Nvidia menu allowed me FXAA and others but not SMAA I think. I hope it works.
Edited the post with pictures. I can't say it takes the game into 2018 but it brings the scenery a little bit together.
Edited the post with pictures. Look around the characters and the clutter objects such as furniture and rubble for most difference.
Is there a job market which isn't fucked? Honestly curious.
If your final A level grades are good then no. If you're looking at literature you should check out Warwick.
Didn't see it when I posted the comment, [I see now.](https://twitter.com/AmirPolyteknik/status/945899447266967552?s=17) Pretty cool. Also I like it how Vitalik was skeptical about the other guy claiming crypto will bring wealth redistribution. As far as I'm concerned it'll just make the rich technologically inclined folk richer. I think if anyone, Vitalik is the only one in cryptocurrency because he genuinely enjoys the technology rather than to make a profit (apart from maybe the original bitcoin founders, whatever happened to them). I've looked him up on Wikipedia and it seems like he entered the crypto sphere when it was rather unknown and before one could make significant sums on cryptocurrencies like you can today.
Seems absurd, sure, but on the other hand if it wasn't for the pizza story then chances are, bitcoin would be worth near zero today. That pizza transaction is what legitimised this technology as having some sort of comparable value. It is also what gave bitcoin the initial media exposure. I remember reading about it on reddit at the time despite being very young. Shit, if only I had a way of buying it, I could've had hundreds of thousands today lol. But yeah, point is, large volumes of bitcoin had to keep circulating in transactions for it to appreciate in value. It didn't have to be a pizza, but it had to be something.
[they ain't tripping on me](https://youtu.be/JaeygUN5JpI)
[I mean...](https://www.theguardian.com/fashion/2017/apr/26/flat-pack-fashion-ikea-takes-swipe-at-balenciagas-1365-shopping-bag)
Sometime in recent history there seems to have been a turnaround in (bourgeois) fashion where instead of it being aesthetics unhindered by function as it always was, it began to directly appropriate the purely utilitarian items and made that the aesthetic.
chilling and rolling voluminous spliffs with mates
Are you referring to bitcoin in itself or crypto as a whole?
That's an insane amount, and that's a creative way to hide it tbh
Didn't even begin to study anything in C4 maths by the time my A level exam rolled in. Got a U, as per. My mind was in a different place last year, no regrets I guess.
Nah mate, it's mid range wine that actually tastes nice and gets you fucked swiftly
books? I thought socialism stressed the importance of being on the computer as much as possible
*Workers of the world, lift your skinny fists like antennas to heaven*
Huh, you actually went for it... deleting your reddit account and logging off the computer is good praxis.
&gt;One of the only things I've seen have some affect is emasculating them. Is that why "cuck" is such a common alt-right insult? Because it would offend them, so they use it on others?
nursing home
*curb your enthusiasm theme starts playing*
hot take - what if tether hasn't even printed a thing and the developers just programmed more tokens into circulation
Can I read more somewhere about Hal Finney realising this?
As far as I am concerned this is a unique incident and the fact that they're siblings possibly influenced the idea to punch the dumbass brother for being a dumbass. Sure I agree she was in the wrong too, give her community service or whatever, but to throw her chances of a career under the bus for something like this is like fucking up some kid's life because of a bit of drugs in their pocket. Imagine this, your car is stolen, totaled, your brother almost dying of stupidity, then you lose your career chances to rub it in a little more. This will totally rehabilitate and help her to not reoffend in the future. /s
Take a seat, make yourself comfortable and enjoy the show over from /r/buttcoin. I put some money into crypto but damn I think the market is dumb as hell at the moment
The bruise will look nice, and maybe the scars will make good party talk.
I think it's a good point you're making. I've only played Fallout 1 and 3 and NV, but been looking at playing 2, watching videos and such. It seems that the first Fallout is grounded in seriousness more, whilst Fallout 2 just turns its humorous and absurd things up to 11 that serious topics like these could come off as a joke. Consider the child killer status you get, the original image was planned to be the vault boy kicking a pregnant woman, but the gameplay does not at all encourage or condone horrible acts despite giving you the options. Had the image been implemented, it would make it all seem like a funny way to play whilst in reality it is not.
Yeah, there are
I've been looking at this picture for like a minute now... How does this make sense at all - the 'misogyny and homophobic' bit? I mean, I can at least understand the thought process going on behind someone saying "trans women are not women" without agreeing, but 'misogyny and homophobic' is like someone deciding they need to pad their opinions with a bit more punch so they throw in some words that make a thing sound bad.
Bitcoin is anarcho-communist praxis confirmed
What we gotta look at this year is how much, or rather how little the bitcoin dominance of the market can be. People will realise that they can no longer make money in bitcoin and collectively migrate towards all sorts of alt coins. Buying alt coins is the new get rich quick scheme, not buying bitcoin.
&gt;I'm not. I was taught in college that being assertive when it comes to sex is something between harassment and rape. Define 'assertive'. It probably refers to guys who won't leave girls alone or are physically pushy, getting their hands on them without permission in clubs, etc. I highly doubt it applies to people like OP who go on reddit asking questions about social anxiety. It's all context. If you're too passive with women then "be assertive" is a decent starting point. If you're confident then it's not pertinent. If you're already off-putting because you're overly pushy then it's terrible advice. &gt;if you don't want to get Aziz Ansari'd. If you don't want to get Aziz Ansari'd then don't randomly shove your fingers in her mouth and vag.
How do they work, do you cut the rubber yourself to fit the shape or are there specific purchase options for ones to fit your shoe?
Oh I see lol, thanks, I never considered that. I googled "rubber topy" and it looked like something one could buy and apply on their own. How long do they last? I guess dropping 35 dollars here and there is a lot cheaper than wearing down the boot leather itself considering the boot construction would be affected as a whole when you have to resole.
What kind of problems would arise? I seem to be overpronating because all of my shoes have been wearing down on the inside of the heel. I wear vans sneakers mostly, but I have a pair of asics which have clearly 'sunk' on one side more than the other, leaning slightly inwards if you look at them from behind. It's annoying that my shoes wear away the heel in mere months, but I'm not exactly sure that there's something 'wrong' with me. During months when I've been going gym and lifting it seemed like the shoes wore away less, but I have no evidence that strength helped my pronation to back this up with. Are pronation and supination actually bad, or is it just normal human variety? I don't have flat feet, even though Google often suggests it. I just saw [this page and picture](http://www.ptclinic.co.uk/research/overpronation/) linking anterior pelvic tilt with pronation and I definitely do have a tilt from sitting too much. Maybe I can help my feet by helping my posture?
I like it how you dismiss a question about masculinity and then indirectly admit that it is important to understand it because it affects a man's success.
Whoops, oh yeah - The Aziz Ansari case has gathered much controversy and revealed large differences in people's understanding of what constitutes consent and sexual misconduct. Previous recent allegations regarding celebrities have been about the relationship between power and ability to get away with sexual misconduct (where most certainly everyone identifies the behaviour that took place as sexual misconduct), this one, however, is different as it involves a non workplace situation and raises questions about various expectations regarding sexual contact between the parties involved. Many have dismissed the original account as just any other bad hookup. Perhaps bad sex is a good place to start a conversation instead of offering it as a conclusion, if we are to change how society views the rules of sex for the better. As of now, this isn't the kind of a situation that could hold any weight in a courtroom, however, in a university, Aziz could face expulsion for his behaviour. Should we expand the legal definitions of sexual misconduct to include aggressive pursuit? How do we reconcile the differences between those who see it as such and those who don't?
Gastrointestinal
The 1980's *Threads* in which Sheffield gets annihilated in a nuclear holocaust.
&gt;Protip: English Lit girls are the best Lmao most likely true
I'm going through clearing in the summer, would that affect me applying for student finance? Should I do it ASAP?
My college was similar. I finished last year but same kinds of grades from most of the class. There aren't that many people who 'have it all', so to speak. It seems that most of the few people I know who have gotten A's have been putting in consistent effort since the beginning, and generally had to skip some aspects of life for the meanwhile. Socialising, relationships, paid work, gym, procrastination, etc. were all cut down in comparison with other people. If you spend a lot of time on reddit or watching movies or listening to music or etcetera - don't. You have to prioritise college work first. You have to study efficiently too, both in lessons and outside. The importance of teachers' ability to teach and the college schedule should not be underestimated. Having lessons dragging beyond a normal limit of focus one can exert is useless, but it is often the case. If you have a bad teacher who, say, works with you merely 10% slower, then by the end of the year you've got to put in a dozen or two hours additionally to make up for it (but not before you get through the homework which may not be pertinent to what you need to learn), which is harder to do as all lessons would probably demand more and more revision anyway as you go through the year. I don't know, it's quite hard to get A's, realistically. I've seen the statistics that only 25% of students get at least one A, nationwide. Easy to put on paper what to do, but when it comes to doing it, life's not as simple.
It was done out of, I guess respect for her character, seeing as most viewers had sympathy for her.
broke: going to college after highschool woke: going to college in your 20's bespoke: going to college earlier than everybody else completely crippling your social and emotional development by the virtue of not fitting in
Lol yeah, got kinda fucked there... In my defence, its the entire market, not the coin.
Thanks for sharing. Can I ask how did you find the article in the first place?
The most bittersweet moment I've ever seen on television
free booze and drugs
You're right. The birth control pills were invented in the early 60's when nobody gave a fuck about ethics and so the trials at the time were kosher. I was watching this science documentary about a dolphin and apparently they gave him LSD because it's the 60's and why the hell not. Science used to be a bit more fun and a lot more dangerous.
underrated comment
what if he's like 4 dimensional chess levels of ironic? also why is the lampshade wrapped in plastic lol
"im not owned! im not owned!!", i continue to insist as i slowly shrink and transform into a corn cob
How the hell did you come up with that? Most people are aware of the old 'sleep for dinner' routine, but this is new.
Ikr. If you have this in the morning just fry up some eggs too and you have a full respectable breakfast.
Even here in UK canned tuna and peanut butter are quite costly per gram compared to other options. I think it's more of a cultural thing seen in this thread, really. Also a lot of USA are food deserts. You'd be shelling out more money and effort for vegetables than some processed crap. These things don't require much cooking, are tasty, are satiating. A "poor meal" would be more of a "drunk 19 year old at university" meal. Cabbage soup, while healthy, would take a longer time to prepare. It's more of a "long term poor" meal. If I was aiming to hit my food groups this week and have enough money to eat well again next week, I'd make it.
Thank you. Presumably everyone has the small period between the start of the year and the money coming through, right? I.e. Me applying after getting a place doesn't change things since everyone has to confirm their place after results day.
Maybe this meme was submitted last week via Bitcoin and only now got posted.
order corn
Hmm I didn't know that, could come in useful. I see that the British Heart Foundation do this, some things for a fee, but have you tried their stores to see what gets sold? Or are local, less generic charity shops better?
I thought the whole point of cast iron cookware was the seasoning? I've seen some in stores but always dismissed it because it was enameled. I'll have to keep an eye out then.
bill clinton should've been in prison
Sexual assault. According to that tweet, Hillary Clinton would agree with me.
I just think the UK system isn't as good at rehabilitation as, say, Norway or something, and the sentence length isn't enough to serve as punishment, so both camps of people (rehab/punishment based prisons) are dissatisfied. Personally I see prisons should be purely for rehabilitation. As to whether he should be vilified 50 years from now if he corrects, so to speak? Probably not. Still, this is quite a horrible case and he's definitely old enough to have realised what he was doing, the sentence is not enough. He could've traumatized the kid for ever had he not been interrupted.
UK here and I've literally never heard this before
On a positive note, the Baltimore harbor is doing quite well at the moment. If only Frank was here to see this...
I've been on reddit for longer than TheRedPill existed as a sub and have seen many takedowns of it, how it's actually harmful, etcetera. However I'll just leave a couple of links that I picked up from /r/Menslib around the time /r/Incels got banned. It's very relevant reading to your experience, I think. [Why feminist dating advice sucks.](https://np.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/569eho/why_feminist_dating_advice_sucks/) [Radicalizing the Romanceless.](http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/08/31/radicalizing-the-romanceless/) article on the "manosphere" and dating advice and feminism and "nice guys" and a few other things. Check this out. Tell me what you think. Although I found it separately, [the person from the first link also mentioned this article here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/2v1fdk/raising_your_boys_to_be_husband_material_or_why_i) Also something I pulled out with the search function - [Like attracts like: is TRP really only geared towards men chasing stereotypical, awful, shallow women?](https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/2var9q/like_attracts_like_is_trp_really_only_geared)
True, but can you think of a coin where $50 will get you a million in, say, 3 years? Bitcoin certainly won't even 2/3/4/5x in value any time soon.
These guys view cryptocurrencies as reparations for them being fucking nerds.
The aristocrats!
Does it allow £ or € withdrawal? Or in the future?
Phil Greaves is that you?
Position on the political chart: line y = -x
Chuds - super mutants Ghouls - ghouls Got it.
but 4% fat Jersey milk tho
Hmm, true, I was thinking more of Set in FO1 who hails himself as the leader of Necropolis but oppresses the ghouls, who had to hide underground as a result.
I've never listened to them before, perfect time to start.
How do you mean? I was making a joke here.
Browsing an old thread, why is it bad in your experience? Something I've been considering studying but not that into it.
tfw you're NEET aristocracy
I was lucky enough to withdraw from BitGrail before the withdrawals got cancelled. Later Mercatox closed down the XRB withdrawals so I just sold it for something else and moved the money ASAP. I have no trust for when exchanges close the withdrawals. Poor guy, hope there's some justice. Obviously you shouldn't put in money you can't afford to lose, but the owner of the exchange is still the scammer here.
"The struggle itself, towards the heights, is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy."
Yes. My friend has a 26 year old in his flat, they're first year. Also you're not a mature student until you're over 21 when you start the year, as far as I can recall.
Les Rallizes Denudes exist only because of this album.
&gt;Is this normal behaviour for students? To be honest I'm beginning to wonder if I'm just massively poor and had a far more deprived upbringing than I ever imagined. These people insist they are just normal middle-class yet this is beyond anything I imagined. This country is very unequal. The very privileged grow up in privilege and receive best education and eventually get shelved into top unis. Most people from the working class don't even make it to university. They're nowhere near normal middle-class, their families are probably in the top 5% at least.
Now I'm not even in university yet, but I'm considering a type of engineering to study. Let me list the kinds of careers that I've read about on reddit which yielded discouraging comments: Retail, nursing, driving, catering/restaurants, carer, social work, academia - especially social sciences, law, science research, musician, computer science, doctor, dentist, engineering - all forms. Point is, work sucks. However, I have found many comments from people who are happy with their job and engineering does seem to come up a lot.
Is there life in civil engineering in urban areas? Seems like it would make sense to me for it.
We should x100 the coin amount tbh so newbies buy it up like they did Ripple last month
I've not been on this sub for long but I believe you now have to cum on it and post again
My friend got kicked out of the club, he was hand in hand with his girlfriend and slipped on the bottom stair as they were descending, bringing her down with him. The bouncer must've thought he was gazeboed and was assaulting some girl or something, even if she herself was defending him.
I think everyone so far has misunderstood the people I'm referring to - I don't mean the ones who fail to capitalise and have shite grammar, I mean the ones who choose to spell everything in lowercase as an aesthetic of sorts
Also to new students: start getting laid as soon as possible. It really is important.
I can't even tell anymore if this is a satirical account or a fake story being passed off as real
He got so pissed when his therapist Melfi rejected him lmao
Strongbow dark fruit is the drink of the young UK proletariat
Mercantile levels more if you successfully put up a better price for yourself. For that you'll need to get the shopkeeper 100/100 in persuasion so I have a very strong few second spell for fortify personality, which also affects mercantile in itself. I can sell close to the base price of item so it levels pretty well for me. Also make sure you're selling to guild members instead of random shopkeepers as guild members have higher /100 persuasion disposition and give you guild discounts anyway.
IIFYM (if it fits your mouth)
looking absolutely michelangelo davided
Good band
To be fair skinny jeans are going out now. It's either slim or intentionally large straight but cuffed.
Virgin vs Chad
Best take
The scariest part of that pic is that it looks like Russia or something
Not OP, but I think this comment settles it for me - engineering doesn't sound like it is for me, and half of the reason I took interest in it was because reddit told me it was lucrative and gives you good prospects. Someone should've told me this when I was 16 and picking my A levels. I think I'll aim to study biochemistry or something. What non-STEM degrees were your friends doing? I have friends who are doing journalism in the 2nd year and they seem to have such a good time and interesting opportunities cropping up for them. Idk if it will translate to a career post-uni, but I hope they do well.
Good shit 💯👌
ah yes, my type
Why bring up Roy Moore? Idk, I'm not American, but there's no way I'd say anyone over, idk, 17 years of age having sex with a 14 year old is acceptable. Roy Moore was 30-ish at the time it happened if I recall, and that's fucked up to me, it sounded like you were defending him to a degree. I think the age of consent being 16 as here in UK is fine, just prosecuting a 16 or 17 or even 18 year old with a 15 year old as a sex offender is ridiculous unless there's evidence of abuse or manipulation. Personally 14 for age of consent is too low.
Why on cheese, specifically?
The McNulty character arc is definitely my favourite. I'm glad it all turned out (somewhat) well for him.
There are a few ashes in tombs named after real Bethesda developers who passed away.
Oh lol I actually thought there was some minimum pricing for cheese being introduced. carry on then
I love Generals so much. Hard to put down single reasons as to why, but it still is my benchmark for any RTS I come across, though haven't played games of that genre for years. Memorable music and good unit quotes, too. *Behold, the bringer of light.*
This game is so therapeutic to me. I turn up the volume and love listening to the ambient soundtrack and the sounds as you make your way through the environment. For fast paced runs I sometimes put on the album *rossz csillag alatt született* - look it up, it fits well.
How is this dude a gentrifier exactly?
Russian Winnie Pooh is the only good one
Where is the thread on Chapo, I didn't see it
Probably smoking and fucking knowing they could pay off their entire student loan with a McDonald's job at college
If you're playing the main quest, I'd say when Caius Cosades promotes you to Operative.
Seeing as that thread is over a year old, if you want to go for the watercolour aesthetic then follow the STEP guide up to the point where it mentions watercolour - that way you install the up to date patch mods.
Good album. Gonna check out the second one, never heard of it.
Daggerfall had a political system?
How would they know to migrate away because some dude is hunting them? Doubt it. I can see them harassing ships and such and eventually a few here and there making it across, if cliff racers indeed migrated.
Wow this video predates by several months the famous [Train Simulator montage](https://youtu.be/RnAMDg7IVWs) that more or less kickstarted the MLG montage parody trend. Some avant garde morrowind shit right here.
I get your point, but if the cliff racers can cover the distance between vvardenfell and mainland morrowind by flight, couldn't they have done it in many years predating morrowind?
I thought this was the music video for Sigur Ros - Hoppipolla
Clarks Desert Boots /r/malefashionadvice we out here
Spriggan
There was a girl in my sixth form who literally had a fucking scream for a laugh, like someone says something funny and you hear people giggling and half a sec later there's this "aaaaaAAAAH" building up. Every time I see "lmao I'm SCREAMING" I can only think of that laugh...
Whilst I think she was cold and manipulative [the pair of them did look cute together.](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-1snmVMqztxw/VOEwQsg9bOI/AAAAAAAAQbM/8NjtnN8UdwM/s1600/whine1.jpg)
Except the 2 for £12 pitchers aye
The correct response is: ✔️ who cares dude this shit is boring
Tesla was volcel though
Ikr. Also most reddit humour is also shite.
Doug TenNapel?
Is that true about blood vessels?
You're both right tbh. I think I might flip a coin to pick a side
/r/london tends to be good
lmao they made morrowind into a real thing 😂😂
Tell him to stay close, grenade that bitch tae fuck before she walks up to Tycho. Once she is attacking him, if you're both close, she might switch to attacking you if you do enough damage. I always had the opposite problem with this section where I was the one always getting hit and killed whilst the other party members had no problem. Also, if possible, try walking out and walking back in to "reset" the combat, as it were.
Is it true, is there something about Liverpool, or would a city like Manchester, Edinburgh, London, etc. work and they just chose Liverpool?
Maybe the size of the naan at each restaurant is different, and it was only insane when the naan could be double the naan compared with the season 8 place?
Interestingly enough, [TV Tropes has an interesting article about the sorry state of post-USSR Russia.](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/TheNewRussia)
Lol at this even being a crime. America is a weird place
[so this is true?](https://mobile.twitter.com/themalaru/status/977521379179466752)
The subreddit is not like the podcast tbh, the podcast is pretty funny. Tons of people are just trying to be edgy on the sub by emulating the comedy style, and since cumtown is largely apolitical as a podcast, it has its right wing fans. The edgy posters miss the most important fact, that offensive jokes are not funny because they're offensive, but because they're funny, and the cum boys are professionals.
Daddy issues twitter lol
Lol yeah it was beautiful, thanks 😂. I see her, *"haven't seen X in a while, I'll say hi"* I think to myself, then seconds later I'm like "oh shit I'm the guy in that comic"
Idk I think the first date should always be evening/night time so that often replaces coffee or ice cream with just drinking.
nerds fucked up from the start by making charisma their dump stat.
[nudes in the comments](https://twitter.com/georgiehunr/status/1008839596053008384) as kanye tweets *"thank you for existing"*
kanye just tweeted ["thank you for existing"](https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/1008839504902307840) about xxxtentacion
because capital punishment is dished out by the state, this was some pvp (prole v prole) combat also this cheer for his death is our attempt to counteract the sympathy wank that big bougie celebs are all currently having for him. such an inspiration, thots n prayers, this is so sad, can we beat our pregnant girlfriends in solidarity
I thought the other person meant "we" as in general society. It's been just a few hours and Kanye's tweet already has 415k likes. What does that mean?
if the hospital is anything to go by, he's pronounced dead
I didn't say it's all 100% gucci, I was responding to the part that said *"i thought more people on this sub were against capital punishment/death penalty"*, in other words, it's possible to be like "yeah, fuck that guy" and be against the death penalty because this isn't state enforced capital punishment. What if X was to get killed shortly after his crimes, would we say it's OK then? Like, when his gf tried to run away from their home, if someone was there to help her and it escalated into a fight and X ended up hitting his head on something, idk. We'd read that news story and go "fuck that guy" and move on. But now that it's been a few months since then and X is a rich guy on house arrest as if the justice system isn't gonna leave us with another Chris Brown-esque slap on the wrist it's all thots n prayers for the poor kid
How is 'Electric Feel' NOT number one smh
FRASIER: Niles, I would shave my head for you. NILES: A gesture which becomes less significant with each passing year.
What kind of engineering did you want to do? Are you sure it's as good as you make it out to be? Are you sure the job market in Canada is as bad for biochemistry, because a lot of things on reddit are US specific? You can shit on any degree pretty easily to be honest. Law degrees, humanities degrees, social sciences, art degrees, and yet the majority of people who go to university after school end up doing one of these. Why should they, when supposedly finance, computer science, and engineering have all the job opportunities? Then if you do one of those, you might find out it's not all its made out to be. In a way, we're all fucked regardless if we do nothing, pick up a skilled trade, study history, study engineering, or study biochemistry. I'm surprised most of us carry on whilst a cloud of nihilism can easily be conjured up at any moment if we just start thinking about things.
The Endless Summer
Wait what's different in France, I think I'm not getting it?
oh lol, fair enough. true, to be honest
Three seasons? That's some flight you're going on...
Thanks, it was, especially since you're in UK aha. What you said about no problem with jobs was a relief tbh. I'll have to do some final thinking because the 2018 entry deadline is the 30th this month, unless I wanna go through the whole clearing mess lol (and yeah I know this is technically the late deadline). But yeah, basically, I don't really expect to get rich, and I don't want to dedicate my life to a job in terms of high weekly hours, it's just I want to have a concrete plan to follow since this whole "live at home &amp; no education" is not cutting it, and even if you do get some education then half the subjects have shit salary projections (luckily a lot of STEM isn't bad), so you're still at home after your degree cause you cannot afford to move out, but now with no funding for more education unless it's a Master's in the same field (so you better pick a good field first), and that's a shame. So as a young person there's a sense of precarious hopelessness to it all I guess, I know a few of my friends feel this way too. I don't really have much to lean on in terms of a safety net if I fail, so I'll have to stick to something, i.e. not drop out, if I choose a course, so good shout on that regarding chemistry knowledge/biomedical science. I think I can study a lot better now, I was focused too much on other things back then, but good to keep in mind. Good luck with your degree, sounds like you're enjoying it. I think if I decide to take biochem I would love to do an epidemiology masters or something with a statistical component. I know when I read something in the news or elsewhere, I always like looking at data and charts and graphs, due to the news I read it just turns out to be mostly with demographics in a sociological or political sense, but it must be interesting being the one to record it all and I wouldn't mind doing it for health. Also, I have enough UCAS points for engineering foundation year too, but it's for electronic, mechanical, and civil. Civil sounds best I think, if I had to go down that route. I think working with the environment (in a conservation sense) or infrastructure such as that pertinent to drinking water or disposal of wastewater would be something interesting, but I can't pretend I didn't struggle with physics and mathematics or that I didn't find them extremely boring in A2. Maybe it's the change in teachers or most likely me, but the enjoyment was drained for me and I struggled hard to retain any knowledge with those two subjects. If someone reading this can chime in with "biochem and civil engineering take roughly the same time and effort of study" then I might just go for it, if you believe there's good opportunity in it like I am led to believe.
Liverpool is fucking great though, league tables be damned.
Needs to be sorted by degree by uni tbh. Who is really surprised that veterinary college and Oxbridge and LSE is way above the rest? Plus still above most unis on here. If people who go to Liverpool uni get a graduate scheme job around Liverpool then they will get paid less due to lower cost of living too, as opposed to someone in the south east England or wherever.
ho ho ho here we go boys
You've just finished year 12 right? You just try your best at A levels and go through clearing if they don't give you good predicted grades. My friends got into good unis through clearing (UEA is good right? Course was like ABB or something), it's no prob.
You should probably log off first tbh, this kinda sounds ridiculous
It's a relatively accepted position in anthropology that pre-agricultural societies had easier lives than most of the human race afterwards. [Here's an interesting article and an 11 year old reddit comment thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1rssu/the_worst_mistake_in_the_history_of_the_human_race) that I kept saved on this idea. If I had to pick a time period to be reborn as a random person in, unless picking the contemporary age again, I'd probably pick paleolithic every time.
Wait till you get enough alteration to cast 100 magnitude (or more if you selected the uncap in Morrowind Code Patch) jump spells successfully hahah.
Oh that sounds good, thanks for the reply.
You can't hit them with a one handed weapon that easily though because of the reach, sometimes they are out of range. Two handed swords and spears work well.
I don't know if this is an acceptable way to answer questions on this subreddit, but to add to your point, I'd like to copy paste a relevant section from Mark Fisher's book Capitalist Realism. &gt;Fredric Jameson famously claimed that postmodernism is the ‘cultural logic of late capitalism’. He argued that the failure of the future was constitutive of a postmodern cultural scene which, as he correctly prophesied, would become dominated by pastiche and revivalism. Given that Jameson has made a convincing case for the relationship between postmodern culture and certain tendencies in consumer (or post-Fordist) capitalism, it could appear that there is no need for the concept of capitalist realism at all. In some ways, this is true. What I’m calling capitalist realism can be subsumed under the rubric of postmodernism as theorized by Jameson. Yet, despite Jameson’s heroic work of clarification, postmodernism remains a hugely contested term, its meanings, appropriately but unhelpfully, unsettled and multiple. More importantly, I would want to argue that some of the processes which Jameson described and analyzed have now become so aggravated and chronic that they have gone through a change in kind. &gt;Ultimately, there are three reasons that I prefer the term capitalist realism to postmodernism. In the 1980s, when Jameson first advanced his thesis about postmodernism, there were still, in name at least, political alternatives to capitalism. What we are dealing with now, however, is a deeper, far more pervasive, sense of exhaustion, of cultural and political sterility. In the 80s, ‘Really Existing Socialism’ still persisted, albeit in its final phase of collapse. In Britain, the fault lines of class antagonism were fully exposed in an event like the Miners’ Strike of 1984-1985, and the defeat of the miners was an important moment in the development of capitalist realism, at least as significant in its symbolic dimension as in its practical effects. The closure of pits was defended precisely on the grounds that keeping them open was not ‘economically realistic’, and the miners were cast in the role of the last actors in a doomed proletarian romance. The 80s were the period when capitalist realism was fought for and established, when Margaret Thatcher’s doctrine that ‘there is no alternative’ – as succinct a slogan of capitalist realism as you could hope for – became a brutally self-fulfilling prophecy. &gt;Secondly, postmodernism involved some relationship to modernism. Jameson’s work on postmodernism began with an interrogation of the idea, cherished by the likes of Adorno, that modernism possessed revolutionary potentials by virtue of its formal innovations alone. What Jameson saw happening instead was the incorporation of modernist motifs into popular culture (suddenly, for example, Surrealist techniques would appear in advertising). At the same time as particular modernist forms were absorbed and commodified, modernism’s credos – its supposed belief in elitism and its monological, top-down model of culture – were challenged and rejected in the name of ‘difference’, ‘diversity’ and ‘multiplicity’. Capitalist realism no longer stages this kind of confrontation with modernism. On the contrary, it takes the vanquishing of modernism for granted: modernism is now something that can periodically return, but only as a frozen aesthetic style, never as an ideal for living. &gt;Thirdly, a whole generation has passed since the collapse of the Berlin Wall. In the 1960s and 1970s, capitalism had to face the problem of how to contain and absorb energies from outside. It now, in fact, has the opposite problem; having all-too successfully incorporated externality, how can it function without an outside it can colonize and appropriate? For most people under twenty in Europe and North America, the lack of alternatives to capitalism is no longer even an issue. Capitalism seamlessly occupies the horizons of the thinkable. Jameson used to report in horror about the ways that capitalism had seeped into the very unconscious; now, the fact that capitalism has colonized the dreaming life of the population is so taken for granted that it is no longer worthy of comment. It would be dangerous and misleading to imagine that the near past was some prelapsarian state rife with political potentials, so it’s as well to remember the role that commodification played in the production of culture throughout the twentieth century. Yet the old struggle between detournement and recuperation, between subversion and incorporation, seems to have been played out. What we are dealing with now is not the incorporation of materials that previously seemed to possess subversive potentials, but instead, their precorporation: the pre-emptive formatting and shaping of desires, aspirations and hopes by capitalist culture. Witness, for instance, the establishment of settled ‘alternative’ or ‘independent’ cultural zones, which endlessly repeat older gestures of rebellion and contestation as if for the first time. ‘Alternative’ and ‘independent’ don’t designate something outside mainstream culture; rather, they are styles, in fact the dominant styles, within the mainstream. No-one embodied (and struggled with) this deadlock more than Kurt Cobain and Nirvana. In his dreadful lassitude and objectless rage, Cobain seemed to give wearied voice to the despondency of the generation that had come after history, whose every move was anticipated, tracked, bought and sold before it had even happened. Cobain knew that he was just another piece of spectacle, that nothing runs better on MTV than a protest against MTV; knew that his every move was a cliché scripted in advance, knew that even realizing it is a cliché. The impasse that paralyzed Cobain is precisely the one that Jameson described: like postmodern culture in general, Cobain found himself in ‘a world in which stylistic innovation is no longer possible, [where] all that is left is to imitate dead styles, to speak through the masks and with the voices of the styles in the imaginary museum’. Here, even success meant failure, since to succeed would only mean that you were the new meat on which the system could feed. But the high existential angst of Nirvana and Cobain belongs to an older moment; what succeeded them was a pastiche-rock which reproduced the forms of the past without anxiety.
I remember last year, this guy in my class who played a bari, we discussed this tune and he tried to play it whilst recreating the "HHUH" grunt someone does in the first thirty seconds lol. Good times.
Unironically, meat only nonsense is probably better than vegan bullshit peddling
Conveniently I just started playing Bloodmoon and a lot of the textures there are vanilla after the STEP guide, so thanks for the work, looks good.
It's just in my irl experience the weirdly vocal social media vegans are a skinnyfat demographic who subside on a steady diet of pasta and nothing much nutritious or with protein. If you're eating well then fair play, most vegans I know are not doing too bad.
👌 Effort post 👌
Why such a shit tier meme deserved such a long ass reply is beyond me lmao
nice shirt tho
Tom myers' delivery is shite and the part about the banana is like "lol random !!! xd" territory but I always thought the joke itself was a good one
We usually get stems of albums from death grips so it might be possible to get an official vocal only release
Gotta say, I'm kinda disappointed with the design they're going for when the site updates to Sonemic. The stripped down simplicity of RYM is what keeps me around, I think by now most of my music is derived from RYM. I even use it to rate movies, couldn't bother with Letterboxd or imdb or whatnot.
on some foucault shit
britbong hit transplant
lmao this is good
Probably because a white guy ran it through Google translate and replaced obvious masculine nouns
I feel like this was the corniest/most low effort joke. Like, it's kinda funny, but also is not.
The huge nose episode was just novelty that wore off after two minutes.
The show is still good but sadly I have to say there's not a single Niles/Daphne-centric episode after they start dating that's as good as 'Moon Dance' or 'First Date'.
How important are your A level grades for that? I heard it's quite competitive to get a big four job.
Having money is not everything, not having it is.
Aye, thanks. Yeah it's just BBC is a lot higher than what I got and I'm going to do a foundation year come September, hopefully I do well in the uni course, but still it would suck if this hinders me five years down the road.
I've read the entire link you sent just now. Beautiful, lol. I hope I have a job like that one day.
because they live on more than a dollar a day !!
The Chapo podcast used to be a lot edgier with its humour, too
20k? you're new here.
I like cumtown but unironically would love some more comedy recommendations though.
What a load of shit. If you put money in the past, idk, nine months, as most who did, have, then you've lost. Keep pushing back the date as long as it fits your ideology. "hey bitcoin is $10 a piece, if you bought it in 2011 that's still a 10x return!" I put money in for Nano in December when that shit was worth $1 and it was called RaiBlocks. I'm a retard for not cashing out when it was worth $30 a piece. I cashed out my original investment, luckily, before everything completely crashed. I guess walking away with $200 profit if I cash out now is still a win, I think I'm gonna do it this week. It's been fun, I guess.
This dog shit on twitter is dogshit, but it's pretty dumb to change the name tbh (if you're gonna take pics of someone else's dog then use the same name). As if people scroll down the dog post "this is Kanan, blah blah" and not like it because the dog's name is not typical like George. But to get pissed because it's Arabic is, like, what? It's really not.
Where did you find this, and why haven't I seen this make rounds on twitter for being sexist or something?
Apparently we should all be accelerationists because improving living conditions only masks the capitalist exploitation as opposed to abolishing it altogether.
Hmm... nihilism, as far as I know, was posed by Nietzsche as a problem. Most common definition is that nihilism is when you believe there's no meaning in life, period. You reject principles that state otherwise - especially religion and such, hence the problem posed by Nietzsche - in a world with less and less religious influence, population would grow more and more nihilistic, what do we do about it? Existentialism is a "fuck you" to nihilism - a rebuttal or answer - as it states one could create meaning, or find meaning (on a personal level), regardless whether or not it is some sort of grand meaning, or regardless of whether there is some sort of grand meaning or not. In this sense of understanding one could see nihilism as being inherently cynical. Maybe I'm wrong, but I think this is the way a lot of people distinguish between nihilism and existentialism, or absurdism, etc.
By the way, if you want to go this September, you need to do this stuff, like, right now, since the deadline is this Saturday.
*"Democratic socialism, I- I don't feel so good"* *Bernie vanishes*
Amazing he didn't even ask you to buy Skyrim again.
Sounds like a plan, then. Maybe email your tutor/same referee as before from college, ask if they'd help you with an application later, take the rest of the summer off and focus on yourself, start doing UCAS again in September. Good luck.
Some of that shit is mighty expensive I'm surprised they don't try and save up. Feel lucky and proud.
Imagine falling into that clean water, you'd die instantly
I miss being 16. Got drunk as hell for the first time and got high for the first time in the same day.
Didn't your largest union campaign for a 32 hour workweek earlier in the year? I'd love to see that happen soon, doubt it'll ever catch on in the UK though.
Does he have a job besides YouTube nowadays? Did he study a degree back in the day? I often wonder
Umm, actually, it's exactly the same back then as it is now. If you use a time machine to bring them to present day they'll immediately create a twitter with an anime avatar
cumtown
as someone who wears em, this is the only anti-anarcho-primitivist argument I have no rebuttal and no wish for rebuttal to
Rather like 99% in fact. Anyway I'm not really for the whole "go back to our roots" thing because the landscape and the air and the water has been irreversibly spoiled (and because 7 billion people dying is wrong), and modern humans are slightly different than our pre-agricultural ancestors. I'm more like "should've never strayed from our roots" - if agriculture had never been invented we'd be chill hunter-gatherers. Short workweek, plenty of sun, communal living, and no private property to abolish.
Most of our children would die before the age of one, actually. Either from exposure to whatever the fuck their immune systems can't handle, or intentional infanticide - there's evidence that women were trusted with the decision to keep the baby or not, so think of it as abortion in a world where abortion wasn't invented. Quite progressive if you ask me. The rest would have a good chance of surviving into mature adulthood, I'm talking like fifty years for sure.
It's not pretty, sure. However, that's just how populations of many species are kept stable. There's a huge cultural component to the view of childbirth that did not exist until recently. Whilst we're on the topic of abominations, it's estimated that **[just over 100 billion people have existed on Earth.](https://www.prb.org/howmanypeoplehaveeverlivedonearth/)** Think of how many of them were subjected to war or slavery, had power exerted over them by rulers and exploited for labour. How when private property came about, extreme inequality arose and large swathes of people were slotted into the underclass, now spending most of their day toiling away for someone else at farms or in mines, and an entire sex across cultures was subjugated for domestic and child rearing duties. Violent divisions breaking out along the lines of politics, organised religion, and race. Pick a time period to be born in, with no chance to pick the region or wealth. Today isn't so bad, sure, but very likely we're the privileged ones, in developed countries. A lot of developing countries are pulling up, too, I'll begrudgingly give you that, if you want. But somewhere some dude down in Africa has been farming cocoa all his life and never had a chance to afford a bar of chocolate. Then there's antibiotic resistance and global climate change looming over the horizon, can we deal with it effectively? How about 100 years ago before you were born? A huge number of people in cities had to deal **[with this.](https://www.gutenberg.org/files/45502/45502-h/45502-h.htm)** I'm not well versed in history going further back, but would an average person in the late 1700's be ok? Likely they'll be exploited all the same, just with less technology around. Ned Ludd wrecked some shit in 1779, and Luddites as an identity emerged in the early 1800's. **[Is it ok to be a Luddite?](https://archive.nytimes.com/www.nytimes.com/books/97/05/18/reviews/pynchon-luddite.html?)** They seem like some OG class warriors to me, who tried to resist not technological progress but an emergence of a greater magnitude of exploitation, the kind that in modern terms is a step up from "millionaire" to "billionaire". They wanted to hang on to their labour and the goods that it produced. My man Pynchon knows what he's talking about. Consider all this and maybe that tiny fraction of people, approximately one billion, who have existed before agriculture seem like the lucky ones after all. And yes, those of us reading this comment, we're the lucky ones too, spawned into a world when technology has gotten good, and into circumstances that let us enjoy it. Yet we're still exploited, and are standing on a mountain of exploitation beneath us. Maybe had we the chance to run World.exe again we'd end up with a history of people coming out on top (or rather, with no top, us all distributed laterally). Maybe. All we can do now is try and make things right in the world that we live in today.
thanks dude. and that book seems extremely my shit, I'll definitely grab a copy.
I have no way of turning back the clock, my view of anarcho-primitivism is analogous to a condom. Civilisation has been birthed, and in this world I am your comrade.
*My ancestors are smiling at me, Imperial. Can you say the same?* Haha, nah really it's just a thought exercise, to keep my galaxy brain, you know, limber. I find it fun. Adam and Eve remix, this time it's a bushel of wheat and not an apple. There's a lot of armchairism in online socialism for forms that actually do have praxis, so you end up with people deliberately advocating doing nothing, and to me that's the real problem. On the note of problems, my thought about the past is a thought about the future - how exactly would we deal with the environmental disasters currently unfolding? Would we somehow sort our shit out in a capitalist system? Would we somehow switch to a largely socialist world and subsequently restructure society based on need and not profit, thus reducing global consumption and shifting our efforts to solving the need for an existing world? Would neither happen, and capitalist humanity simply drives itself off a cliff?
Must've realised it's just a brainwashing campaign orchestrated by the cloud people, huh? Smart Salvia.
I've heard so too actually, but just to err on the safe side I didn't want to put forward the argument with no evidence or potentially discredited evidence.
I do not know what your disability is and I wouldn't want to intrude, but this is sounding too similar to a pro-life argument. Let me explain - in a case of poor indication of health in a foetus, the doctor puts forward the option for abortion. The mother might or might not agree, often she does, and that person doesn't exist either. Meanwhile, a person who has this disability is likely to be disturbed by this - "that could've been me, I could've been aborted, I have a right to exist" they think. Who is to say whether the abortion was wrong or not? There's no objective answer. The mother certainly is allowed and should be allowed to choose to abort. But there's no right to kill the grown person just because they're disabled, that much is true. What I think about the benefits or drawbacks of primitive societies and what I think about existing disabled people are different things. I don't think you should not exist if under primitive circumstances you would likely not exist.
&gt;That seems like a large number of people whose lives were made worse by the shift to an agricultural society, but if we reach the point where the majority of living humans have better lives than they would under a pre-agricultural society then given the relative population numbers (due to massively larger populations in technologically advanced societies), we'll very quickly hit the point where *far* more people have had their lives improved than harmed. Exactly, so the argument works. If we do things right in this century then potentially we could end up with an extremely good world for many generations (although they'll have their own problems to deal with, too). If inequality continues to grow whilst large portions of society collapse from environmental disaster, resulting in millions dead and billions affected, then our civilization experiment hasn't ended with a good track record after all. It's less of a defeatism and more of a caution.
Lowkey, Georgism is basically 80% extremely good because the main problem of capitalism is not markets but rent-seeking.
OK, Georgism is 20% not good.
Burkina Faso
Reminds me of that Japanese album that always comes up in YouTube suggestions
I like this. Great perspective (and a great Talking Heads reference).
Nabzy's
First thing I did when I got to uni is stock up on some big dick 240 teabag packs of Yorkshire Tea.
These do not sound useless, here in UK any of the chemistry/physics degrees have a high level of numerical transferable skills. It is true that you can't easily get a job in 'physics' with just a physics bachelor, though.
[I remember watching this video, it helped me quite a bit.](http://youtu.be/5jQ3MJgdkJY)
Not grades necessarily, but uni is a consistent balancing act between interests, grades, and money. For you to get money you'll have to spend X hours at work per week, these are hours you won't be able to spend socialising, or going to the gym, or studying, etc. so I can empathise with the situation but it's possible to get good at managing these things. Could I ask how come your parents won't be contributing?
Commenting for any UK users browsing - M&amp;S has 55% merino wool 45% polyamide socks for £15 for three pairs, so £5 or 6-ish dollars for a pair. Very comfortable but appears they only sell them in black ankle height.
Travelling home with a friend was nice, we've met each other during A levels and ended up at the same uni, so that's always good. But my flatmates left a few days earlier, Friday and Saturday. Being alone really made me miss the manifold noise of the building, you know, and just having people around the flat. I am not excited to be home, it's alright and for me it's nice to see some family for a bit, but I want to get back to life, as it were. I am using this break as an opportunity to do some things that I wanted to do anyways like read and go to the gym again. I'll just think it as permission to chill out for a bit.
oh I was hoping you'd say retarded
The same way how we voted against gay marriage a few years back and Northern Ireland against abortion and we never had a vote on that again?
It's actually pretty sad how many poor constituencies which benefit from the EU fund voted for leave and thus will be fucked if Brexit happens. I could do a lib "hehe you get what you vote for" thing here but I won't.
I know quite a number of people who got into the Uni of Liverpool with grades below their entry requirements tbh.
You can probably "upgrade" to the University of Manchester on the league tables, they'd ask for 80% or so on your foundation year, and won't really mind your actual A level grades too much. Just ask yourself if the only reason you want to switch is because of the league tables, but moving out of London by itself should make things more affordable, and hence, easier.
People who dress like this usually offer you coke when you hang out with them for long enough so I don't have an issue.
Which episode was this?
Because it's Christmas time - It's a Wonderful Life, and Billy Wilder's The Apartment.
Ah yeah, thanks you two.
&gt;But wait, you seemed to really like her. I mean she went out with you and was disappointed it didn't happen again, so what was the problem? Going separate ways with college, things like that? Yeah basically I didn't want to get into anything serious when I knew we all were going to split our separate ways in a few months, plus I think when you're living at home it's just inconvenient to try and get a relationship going. University I think is a good time for that cause everyone's a bit more mature and living more independently. &gt;I actually had a similar thing (without dating of course) with the girl I mentioned. I mean she's driven as hell and would sometimes skip class to hang out with me.. The thing is, she's practically married, and I do respect that. Although greedy as it might sound, I always wished something would have escalated despite that.. When I first saw a photo of the girl with her boyfriend at uni on social media I do admit I felt very jealous for a moment, and jealousy/envy are greedy. A stupid but very human way to feel I guess. &gt;That sounds nice and wholesome, but it's probably best to just forget about her. Easier said than done, and I'm one to talk. Seems like the easiest way to forget about something like this, is to just replace them. :/ Yeah your advice makes sense to me, and I didn't really think about her since I met the second girl, but seeing her again brought her back to attention. I'll get over it when the holiday is over and I see the second girl again I reckon lol.
Depends on how old you are I guess, but I remember loving this, Brainiacs, and Mythbusters as a kid.
Don't know about the course itself as none of my friends do it, but the city for me was a pleasant surprise - very walkable, very sociable, seems to be safe (apart from the depths of Kensington). I had some doubts about the rankings/prestige of the university itself, but I cannot say it's a bad university by any measure. Definitely consider the northern stretch of Liverpool/Manchester/Leeds to study in if you get in.
What's this "drink the side of a can" thing Americans are doing? Why?
I can't imagine it's faster to drink than cracking open the can and downing it normally though?
North Korea is not socialist it's authoritarian state capitalist
Lilith tho 💯😩 Also what episode is this
Show them the Christmas Seinfeld episode where Kramer reads communist literature and as mall santa tells young children that their toys are made in Taiwan by kids just like them. Or show em the Hey Arnold! Christmas episode where Arnold helps to reunite Mr. Hyung with his lost daughter instead of doing something materialistic.
Define socialism. The workers/community do not own the means of production in North Korea
Thanks, I've been cherry-picking Frasier centric Cheers episodes after watching Frasier, have never seen that show.
how about merry christmans and it's just for us fellas
Honestly I doubt I'd buy a laptop with a screen under 14 inches unless it was very good specs/value for price.
Oh yeah that's true, I was thinking a 14 inch in a laptop case still fit into my average sized backpack and is around 2-3kg so I don't mind personally, but anything bigger would be a bit big for me too.
Oh thanks a lot mate, that's like another season of Frasier haha
I don't actually understand why this was downvoted because you do make a good point.
Definitely one of the best /r/AskMen post flairs I've seen lol
I need to watch this film, wouldn't have even clicked the vid if not for your and the above comment
I think men are judged more on socioeconomic status than women are. This also encludes education, not just raw money - more women than men go to university and don't want to pick a partner who did not. Also the basic mathematical fact that regardless of causes women as a group simply don't earn as much as men should be considered, so assuming that everyone pairs up, it's gonna have to be that a net fraction of guys is dating down.
When you say sex work do you mean straight up prostitution or something like webcamming, selling pics, etc? Cause there's a huge breadth of risk between the two I think
This rumour is the verbal equivalent of drawing that 'cool S' starting with six vertical lines.
Where's this from? I remember seeing this format before lol, I think it was a hockey meme
Someone dub cumtown over the scene where they're standing in the listening booth checking out vinyl records
Thanks. Yeah the flagships are definitely out of reach for me, but Nokia 7+ looks very good. I was also recommended Nokia 6.1 so I'll compare the two when I'm able. I've got to ask, how common is the slow motion/high fps video feature now? Do you reckon it'll reach a mid-range phone next year? Edit: So I've looked around at phones and the following seem appealing - Nokia 6.1 and Nokia 7 Plus. I've also been impressed by the S8 and S9 mostly because of the camera, though definitely quite pricey (plus having the waterproof protection makes me think that if I put a case + screen protection then this is a phone that could last for half a decade or more unless planned obsolescence has its way with it - I doubt the hardware specs will get superseded by anything I use it for). I reckon I'll stick with a sim only contract for the next year and my Xperia XA F3111, but keep an eye out on their prices. Nokia 6.1 is affordable for like £140, though I don't like swapping phones and I reckon it might be in some respects obsolete in 2-3 years' time which means I end up spending more money having to replace that one instead of getting something better initially. Nokia 7 Plus is something I hope hits £200. S8 refurbished/used is approaching just that - I've looked at Swappa because I've seen it mentioned around, but isn't that only America-locked devices? What are the implications/experiences of buying a refurbished/used because I don't want, like, the battery to die in a year or the device arriving scratched for something that is described as in good condition. I reckon I'll make my purchase closer to the summer or even next winter unless there are particular sales I should be watching out for?
*Fitter. Happier. More productive.*
Truth, the only reason I'm subscribed here and to /r/AskMenOver30 is for dating, relationship, and fix-my-life kind of threads from people with hopefully more life experience. Any other conversation I can get from people my age to be honest.
I'm reading it right now, haven't actually finished it. It might be described as a romance but you have to cover almost half of the book before it gets to the main character meeting her. Before that - and after - it's quite an affecting coming of age as you follow the main character from nine years of age until he is in his twenties. It's about introspection, emotion (the title of it is a reference to one of Spinoza's books, a chapter on the humans as if being slaves to their emotions), self-consciousness, about effects of loss, religion, about the struggle to choose a future for yourself, personal freedom (or perception of personal freedom), finding meaning as a young man, etc. so give it an hour or two - it does have a slow start, but you might like it. I see the recommendations given above and they're also good books, I've read Meditations by Marcus Aurelius for one, but I think your problems are larger than literature and really if it's possible you should seek mentors and therapists to help with life.
James Joyce - The Dead Somewhere between a short story and a novella of sorts, idk, 70-ish pages I think.
Agua Viva by Clarice Lispector
that rat necklace is thug as hell
It's a good point you're making, and I tend not to post or comment much on these two subs in order to not derail discussions, just reading and saving comments. My flair is always there so people can see I'm not over thirty.
Tbh in the first year there's a good amount of difference between straight out of sixth form 18 year-olds and those who took X gap years/work/resitting, etc. I prefer the people closer to my age.
It took me two hours to kill the two guys who take Hans hostage on the hunting trip mission. I've had several hundred hours of Chivalry Medieval Warfare and so I thought the combat would come easily lol. The swings feel a bit weird and I really don't like the locking system. Underleveled character, sword requiring too high stats, barely any armour. Unless I get a better sword I'll get me a mace.
Are there any controls to the power clinch? It seems to be the "walk too close and you'll get the animation of being kneed in the face" thing. What does F key do apart from kicking when you're hand to hand?
ah what a great life to look forward to for our country, living one paycheck to another, no savings for a house, no chance of having kids
I've been there once. Really felt like a suburb with a motorway. Amazing how people grow up in those places, I guess someone has to.
Also if you have your weapon equipped, sometimes you lose it from your inventory forever when it gets replaced with a practice weapon.
I think it's the 'both sides' dichotomy again. Before the EU referendum, most British people did not give a fuck about the EU at all, and the EU is a net benefit to the UK in economic terms. Once the Brexit vote was put forward, suddenly people got to thinking what if leaving the EU has benefits? I mean, surely we would not have the referendum if it was so clear cut of an issue? Here we are.
Of Human Bondage is a great bildungsroman that spans various topics of the main character's life from childhood to student to eventually a doctor.
Sartre 🤔
When did they change the sounds?
I saw that the other woman is Johanka - how do I activate her storyline? I've completed everything at the monastery with regards to helping the wounded, the only line of dialogue with her is "that custodian is really obnoxious".
Ahh I see, thanks, my Pestilence is glitched. Merhojed is healthy, one time I was bored and just started killing everyone to see how long I could go without being stopped, when I killed one guy in Merhojed I got the 'pestilence finished' update and the plague doctor achievement. I reckon I should kill someone on my normal save lol.
Same thing here with my textures, just installed the game - have you ever figured it out?
I found a solution, go to your steam install for Mordhau/Engine/Config/Windows there will be a windowsengine.ini - change PoolSizeVRAMPercentage to 0. I have a GTX570, can comfortably play on medium settings, textures load correctly now.
Marcel Proust on the left 🤔
using drugs destroyed my life playthrough so your mileage may vary
there it is
Do you guys remember like a decade ago everyone used "get a life" as an insult online. Apart from it sounding a bit lame, whatever happened to that sentiment? Seems like it's more necessary than ever.
Chapo was great in mid 2017, I ended up unsubscribing in mid 2018 after the whole virgins/"the praxis of not fucking" cumtown episode about one of the threads on it. Everything is temporary. Can't wait to unsubscribe from here and cumtown next year.
He should've posted the same joke bio or opener line we've seen a dozen times already
Maximise your academic performance, lift weights, grow your social circles, and keep good friends around for years. I enjoy doing things myself but it seems like whenever I'm having a truly good time it's only in good company.
I'm just concerned about the effort of going to get a haircut that often lol
Are you one of the boys responsible?
You gotta pick a few drugs, legal or otherwise, to survive the world today, or else the road leads to suicide.
Imagine embarrassing yourself in front of George Orwell like that.
OK so Liverpool has lesser A level requirements than Leeds so you'll probably get in - a bunch of my friends really floated in on Bs. With regards to starting a new course, your course funding is years of course +1 minus years used. If you start a 3 year degree you'll only get 3 + 1 - 2 = 2 years of funding. Someone feel free to correct me on this. There's also bank loans and private funding available, not sure what conditions they operate on. Chemistry counts as a mathematically literate degree so you'll be able to pursue masters and jobs requiring numerical understanding, which broadens your opportunities beyond lab tech and teacher. Uni of Leeds is a pretty desired uni by employers so ask around your professors/career advisors as to what can you do.
Actually you don't have a couple of months to apply for 2019 - the deadline is this Sunday.
Chemical engineering is more like "how to design a system that manufactures chemicals" as opposed to chemistry.
Can I ask did you transfer or start a new degree?
Every year 12 should get a big document at the end of the year explaining how the loan system works, repayment (and how much it actually costs since it's more like a tax, and how much you have to earn before you're actually paying off more than just the interest on the loan) how many years of loans you actually get, the economic benefit of degree vs a level vs apprenticeship vs whatever, lots of charts and graphs about graduates from what course and where they end years after. All of these things are available online but damn I don't think most people who go bother doing the research.
I've known about it all being a bit of a scam really, but I like the idea of getting lucky, I had crypto in late 2017 and sadly didn't cash out early enough at the turn of 2018, but still made some profit. Since then I've just been looking at the charts here and there. I've been watching this rise, funnily enough it all took off at around April the 1st this year. Do you reckon getting into it now would be a mistake and a loss of money, too late? Wait for the crash within a few days?
Some unis mention it on the bottom of the web page, there's a unistats thing that shows some statistics. Alternatively you can look it up, say, Institute of Physics accredited degree, or whatever it is you're studying.
I compare myself with people who are doing better and I feel bad for myself, then I compare myself with people who are having it worse and I feel bad... huh.
It's American, and a bit old, but [read this mate.](http://www.paulgraham.com/hs.html) Also I recognised your name, I've seen your posts on ChapoTrapHouse - I'm left wing and all, but that place will destroy your sanity. You're 16, it's summer, get off the internet and get drunk in the park or whatever. Spend too much time online and all of a sudden you're twenty and not good at anything.
Student finance funds (course length) + 1 years - years used. If you start a four year course you'll have 4 years left, so if OP wants to do foundation, etc. they can too.
your wife was right lmao
what a fucking dumbass lmao
Actually I like primitivism a lot but only as an "original sin but it's a bushel of wheat instead of an apple" and not as a "we have to go back" because that will literally mean genocide for the 99% of the population.
Also I would recommend the Rate Your Music top films chart.
Gonna give em points for stocking the Everyman's Library hardcovers. Top left shelf, 9th from the right, Brothers Karamazov, it's a beauty.
You're incredibly well read for your age I'd say. I found this thread because I search 'Proust' on reddit once in a while to see if anyone is discussing him. I've been meaning to read Thomas Mann one day, but it'll take me years to get to it, I have a long list and I might pick at random. You describe The Magic Mountain as life changing, and, well, that's why I set out to read books. I worry that if when I get through a large classic I will close it with a strong feeling of being underwhelmed, and a realisation that a book can't really improve my situation. I hope not, I really like the stuff I'm reading.
Once a month get out of jail card to not get banned for transgressions such as saying the word "stupid".
Also, this - [The top of my to-do list.](http://www.paulgraham.com/todo.html)
Lol I have literally just got banned from it after leaving my comment here.
These people don't know what it was like in 90s Russia which would've definitely counted as your teenage years. I only heard about it, 'cause I'm younger than you, and me and my family moved out of there before my teens. Idk whereabouts from the SU you're from, but my guess is the situation has been very similar across the countries. I don't agree with everything in your post since the economy we live in has been consistently squeezing the working people even in the first world countries and so I feel it's unnecessary to take up a bootstrap attitude and instead necessary to collectively demand better from our governments and employees. Here in the UK I don't really know how I'll do regarding e.g. buying a house when the vast majority of my English friends have things to inherit, even if they're working class it's likely their grandparents will leave a property which is six figures worth of money - house prices have been rising steadily over the years, twenty years ago your house was approx. 4x of your yearly salary, now the average price is 8x. Wages haven't been keeping up with inflation, teachers and nurses and such have spoken/striked about this a lot over the decade, and the conservative government if elected advertised a rise to £10.50 for the 'living wage' in their manifesto - instead I see the news today and it's due to rise by 6.8% in 2020, which would be £8.70 or so. There's only so much you can do when you're pinching pennies and yeah focusing on chasing the money, developing a can-do attitude and training skills in demand instead, I agree with you there. But for those whose parents have grown up here, the younger generation is on a course to experience no increase in quality of life and I can't blame anyone for doing 'just enough' at work if doing more doesn't give much benefit vs loss of time for friends, family, hobbies, etc.
What? Are you saying that people protesting against wall street are the same people who are now ok with JP Morgan pulling a pride stunt in the second image?
There's a morrisons in liverpool?
I was 19 when I met someone for the first time in my life where I was like "damn, I can spend decades with her"... then I met someone like that at 20, it didn't work out. Then I met someone like that at 21 who went to my friend's university - we met at a party, I was just visiting. Here's hoping for my 22nd year of life. The previous people I still think about, they all influence my tastes, though I don't feel like sizing them up against each other.
Kinda like New York in the 70's.
Manchester is on par with Leeds domestically, but edges out in the international rankings. Both are kinda better than Liverpool, though Liverpool is good enough, top 150-ish in international rankings, and has pretty lax entry requirements so it's a good reserve option if you're otherwise aiming for top universities.
...unless? 😏
Certainly a lot more fun than the 'water dripping along the centre of the aisle' feature that my buses seem to have.
I'm not sure about that - when going to university and back, the train tickets are usually the same advance price 4 days onwards. Though some days are cheaper by default e.g. not the weekends. It will tell you that you can't book an advance ticket if it's all booked up, but all advance tickets are priced the same.
Ahh that makes sense then.
mm nice
Don't worry you'll all get old before you know it
This is what happens when you make a community which is centered about not doing something. Just turns into a bunch of people getting increasingly pissed off.
Interestingly enough there was less malnutrition in the UK during rationing than before the war. Rationing ensured that the very poor got as much as everybody else. The labour government wanted to prolong rationing and it was one of the reasons they lost the election in the mid 50s.
What's this from
St Chad's. Just because.
What do you want to study at university? What he said about the lower tier Russell group is right, and with your current grades you can get into a foundation year at Cardiff or Liverpool for example. You have until the end of June to make a UCAS for September 2020 entry.
Talking heads are saying don't worry about the government.
The real uni are the friends we've made along the way. Definitely move out to a better university.
I think a part of this show is critical of therapy/psychiatry. Some of the interactions between Melfi and her therapist was the equivalent of middlebrow intellectual jacking off. In the end it took a lot of effort for Melfi to admit that Tony couldn't be 'fixed' and the case was more of a personal interest than a doctor-patient one.
&gt;You can usually identify a virgin from a thousand paces, cos they'll be trendy dressers and well into dance music.
Ayy I also play on android. Which house is this?
I like the fog we had going on, especially seeing the radio tower fade in to view as I'm walking towards the city centre.
I assume in this episode he's attending a higher learning course for adults that counts as a school/A level equivalent.
Mind..? THE GAP.
Where can I change this?
Ah thanks, but I thought there was one option for this animation specifically, I've looked around developer options before. Oh well, doesn't really bother me much.
Tinder will be the same as Instagram except you're playing a bot
If it's Kent you can probably still get in.
Yo we gotta eat
What does target framerate do, just cap it?
He's already used a year of funding so doing a foundation year and transferring into yr 1 Uni of Manchester would not cover the funding. But doing uni of Manchester 4 year (foundation + undergrad) would.
His body fat must be very low and likely had a good gym routine before coronavirus so he's mainly maintained what muscle he had?
Yeah but in the post OP says he did a year of uni and then dropped out, so his grace year is already used. Doing a uni of Manchester degree with foundation year, if he gets accepted, (and quite likely he will if he applies for 2020 entry (deadline is 30th of june) since a lot of students will not want to do university without freshers due to corona!) Will mean he will have 4 + 1 - 1 = 4 years of funding which is enough.
