What was the temp you found it at? That would be the most telling, and figuring out how long it may have been at unsafe temps (if it even hit that point, it may not of with the residual heat of the meat)
Yeah I'd toss it in that case, not worth the risk. If it stayed around 130 that would be one thing, but under 100, nope. Toss it in trash, not worth risking.
How is that even possible, I got pulled over last year for less than a week from expiration. Was travelling and forgot to slap new sticker on. And this fucker is rolling around for 33yrs with expired tags lol.....
u/t8ke does what no man dares on here, takes one for the team (or 5, or 20....). He's still recovering from his TerrePURE reviews. We cheers to you buddy!
Don't bother, get Makers Cask, or Rebell Yell 10yr SiB, both blow away the Weller line. 12 and OWA were dead last with 6 or 7 people in a blind we did, Makers Cask was 1st (all wheaters). SR is awful compared to 12 and OWA as well. I'm not even a real wheater fan and yet I love Makers Cask (don't like reg Makers however).
SR/12/107 used to sit at ABC here collecting dust (ABC has exclusive distribution rights for Weller). Then a few years ago, 12 and OWA went poof and they started doing the lotteries more or packing them up as bundles forcing you to buy other shitty bottles you likely don't want (for like $200 etc, they've done the same with Blantons). SR still sat, covered in dust, except in the past year maybe. Last couple times I haven't seen that bottle in any ABC here. Even then their allocations for 12 and OWA seem far far smaller than before, as they have exclusive rights for whole state of FL yet rarely get it in now vs 2+ years ago where you could damn near find it any time at any ABC. No biggie, get Makers Cask or Rebell Yell 10yr SiB, both are better than 12 and 107, let alone SR, and Makers Cask you don't have to hunt or make a blood sacrifice to bourbon gods to find....
WJ 10 and 12 are good, if overpriced. The 12 is actually really good but $ and very hard to find.
You need to hop on that OF Rye train, $23 for me for a litre and blows away anything under 30, hell I reach for it more than my Willet 4yr and Pikesville. Stuff is incredible sipping on ice lol That OF Rye is the new budget king imo. I've got Stagg Jr, GTS, Barrell etc sitting right there, and I still find myself pouring it haha, that creamy bubble gum profile is nutz. Plus for me at least, I'm getting a litre bottle for less than 25, crazy value. Most friends trying have guessed $50+ for price lol
I don't sear in cast iron untill the pan is 500+ all around and stable, check with an IR gun. Most people think they get their pan screaming hot only to find out they don't, like the guy that said his pan was "red hot" and finally checked with IR and was only like 360 degrees or something lol. No wonder his sears were poor. Edit - that and most don't dry their steaks enough, if not, will easily steam cook in cast iron which is why pry so many pics on here look like "grey" crust.
I just did with Foods Foods and Jiffy on Picanha and Prime Grade Tri Tip, and nope. Not sure how anyone likes it or how so many people are raving on here about it like greatest steak ever. 4 of us were like no thanks. Had neighbor and wife over, blind, asked which they liked better both immediately pointed to control steaks. And I got a a hella weird confused look from both when I said the one they didn't like was in the bath with PB lol. Then again I also don't understand the mayo fetish on here ha, nope to that either even searing like that on my Egg. Did blind on Ribeyes last year and everyone chose non mayo steaks.
I only use the oven and cast iron when it's something like a Thai chicken dish searing then sauce added in burner, then stick pan in oven to finish. Otherwise yeah I use stove, or my IR burner on side of a grill that gets past 750 degrees. Check your oven also, get a hanging thermometer, most people are shocked to find how inaccurate oven temps are. Friends Bluestar is off by almost 50 degrees and that's a $$$$ oven. I had a cheaper Kenmore once that set at 500 actual temps were like 410 lol
Yes, you never add oil until right when your ready to sear. I usually sear in cast iron and avocado oil at 500-600 degrees Edit - Lmao I love the low IQ clueless peeps on here that always downvote haha. The fact this got downvoted proves how dumb people can be. For those down voting peeps you never add oil to a pan while preheating. Always right when your about to sear (or applied thinly to steak etc).
With Thai though there is also a bunch of other ingredients in addition to PB, Sriracha, Gochujang etc. I make Thai style a lot. I love PB.... but not a fan on steaks when I just tried it twice lol I did like a PB bacon jam burger had in CO. Go figure, but steaks, nope lol
Does London actually have a book, b/c you have molesters and rapist etc getting barely harsh sentences. Look at the acid attacks, yeah some have been sentenced longer than 10 years, when the fuckers deserve life or bullet to the head I wouldn't be surprised if these punks get less than a year if that in London.
Nothing wrong with Sette 270 it's one of my grinders, and main one I use. And I've owned commercial, HG1, Voodoo modded Pharos etc. We had the Sette side by side K10 and very little difference in the cup. Sette is just too easy to single dose, and fast, and it fits under my cabinets. But I'm pry going Monolith Flat next as I prefer flat burrs. I still have Vario but with steel burr set for pour over.
I've done Bulgogi few times in the bath, and that's another I don't understand why people rave about. It's nowhere remotley near as good as done traditionally. It just doesn't come out the same and impossible to get the correct sear/char on the pieces with all the sauce and moisture from the bath. I tried once side by side (using Picanha I sliced up as well), and there was a huge difference between the regular pan done and SV variant. Plus it's so easy and fast to do normally just no point lol, you literally just take it out of the marinade and sear it hard and fast in portions.
So way back when I depressurized mine, I just took the basket apart and removed that black clip mechanism. Not sure if Dedica is the same, but I know down the line Krups and few others made regular replacement baskets that some used to fit their DeLonghi as it's a weird size, like 51mm or something like that if I recall.
That handle is sex, looks like it may be similar to side panels on your GS3? There's a guy on HB that's been making custom wood pieces for years.
Not jelly in that sense (like canned store jelly), but a bacon jam/reduction. If you never made that, so good.
Ever had Old Ezra Barrel Strength? It's very different and unique, thought it would be like my ECBPs but proofed down, but it's polar opposite.
If sous vide, 134 for 3. However I'd personally reverse it in oven or grill, SV doesn't compare on cuts like this. I make Ribeye a lot and maybe 1 time out of 10 it's being sv'd. I just use my Thermapro and monitor internal temp set to X alert, then pull it to get Egg ready to sear, boom, phenomenal mouthgasm. Hotter, dry ambient air = king for fatty cuts like this
There's a thread on FB bourbon group where people are like nope not worth price, it's not worth more than 50 etc lmao. I would love to know what these people are drinking to say that. Jr is well worth paying secondary even if you have to. My Jrs were better than my GTS
Have you had later batches? Leagues better than first couple.
I haven't bought it yet as I'm not a fan on Infinity bottles so far lol. Few friends have tried even with good shit all mixed in, and they were all blechh to me, just a mish mash of flavors not meshing. Friend did Rare Breed, 4r OBSQ pick, 1910, BT, ECBP, and whatever others I'm forgetting, all bottles I love, but together was like wtf lol I love Barrell but am curious why they pretty much source only Dickel (do they source MGP anymore?). I don't get the note in my Barrell bottles but that's a common complaint of people that try it as they still taste the Dickell mineral note.
Really? Man we thought ER17 sucked lol, just beyond oaky and not in a good way, harsh. Same for EC18.
Current one is really really good. It was always a decent bottle to me but I never sought it out or hunted it, only bought if I randomly came across it which down here is pretty much only at Total Wine maybe once a year if that. They had it out on the counter and was only 1 they had left.
Dry steaks and 500+ degree pan temps. That's the two main issues people have on here. Don't dry steaks enough, and generally don't get pan hot/stable enough. Get an IR gun to check your temps, you may be surprised. Like the people on here that say they get their cast iron wicked hot or smoking hot etc and still have issues, then check finally with an IR gun and there no where near good temps and under 400 lol. I sear in cast iron at 500-600 degrees. Especially with sous vide, you need very dry steaks (I use multiple Costco paper towels per steak while pan is heating), and hot temps as your looking for a hard fast sear after SV. 30-45 seconds at that temp is way more than enough. If you want butter, don't drop in till righ at the end to baste after searing. Better yet make a compound butter instead to use after when plating, much better.
Heck even on Prime Grade, if you get the other section aka "1st cut" like what's usually sold on sales and aren't paying attention, you'll have some shitty $$$ NY Strips, had it happen even on Prime. I had half slab recently that out of 8 steaks I think, 5 were almost inedible or unappetizing trying to eat as it was the most veiny etc NY Strip ever had, prime grade also..... Ughh Always pay attention when buying NY
Don't go by look, woody breast you'll immediately know by texture lol. It's like biting into meat that has a "bite" and way off texture. Safe to eat, but you'll want to gag having chicken with that texture in your mouth lol. I stopped buying Costco chicken after doing chicken parm for dinner with peeps over and having almost all the chicken have that issue. We were like fuck it, threw out whole dinner and went for sushi lol. Never had that issue again once I stopped buying chicken from Costco. I returned pry 5 or 6 of their large packs they sell that have like 2 breast a pouch.
B/c the agreement upheld when Saz bought the distillery was to continue distilling for AAI (aka Japanese owned) but only allow reg SiB to be distributed, all other expressions are for overseas. BT doesn't "own" it, AAI has the rights to Blantons, they only distill it ;)
Sounds like my C918, brown sugar wallop
Have a friend whose a wine connoisseur, literally, and 1st thing he said when he tried my C918 was damn that's heavy on brown sugar lol
Not even close, heck RHF at 100 proof especially my current bottle is way smoother, can think of plenty of other bottles that drink smoother at higher proof. Heck Old Forester Rye at $23 is stupid smooth for 100 proof. Love my Blantons SFTB but the reg SiB is mehh
Mehh, fomo tater potaters can have it. 1920 runs circles around it for half the price. Even last Oct I easily turned 2018 down after tasting it, and $120, Lmao, no thanks. BB hasn't been good in years for that price.
Ha, that 4 Grain, we actually had it, and my brain is puzzled how anyone can pay secondary for it. It was very mehh and weird. But yes for BB, I turned it down last two releases, and even with previous ones I'd put 1920 ahead. Let alone $50-60 vs $100+
Store picks in the south are very rare, I'm near Lauderdale. One place by me that does picks (they just got their old Forester SiB Pick) and has carried some picks from others. Otherwise Total Wine is about it (and I've ever seen anything other their their 100 proof obsv pick all these years here), and ABC and their Knob 120 picks. Not like out of state travelling where there are store picks 24/7 most anywhere and 4r Barrel Picks left and right lol.
Total Wine I know has the Old Forester SiB Pick right now. And once in a blue moon they get their 100 proof obsv pick but I've had it and it's no different than regular OBSV. Nothing like the higher proof various recipe picks, Total has those out of state, I've never seen those barrel picks in FL.
That group has been pure entertainment today, hilarious
Oh and I think their getting their Makers Private Select pick back in next month (Total Wine). If you have a Crown near you, they also do Makers Private Select picks.
You should see the craft coffee sector "this single origin is blessed by the hand of god who sprinkled Dr Pepper on the morning dew of flowers while time traveling to campfire with a blueberry pie in your hand" What's funny is I think the coffee sector got their act together and realized what a laughing joke it was, b/c I haven't seen crazy descriptions in quite a few years ago with the 3rd wave boom, it was just ridiculous reading some. To the point where they must have purposely put that on the label of the bag, or I'd hope so...
Oooo trust me, good fresh roasted coffee is the bomb. Got into coffee like 10 years ago. Current machine at home is a Profitec. Espresso is a deep $$$ rabbit hole lol Just had a natural process Ethiopian that was straight blueberry jam, spot on description haha
You mean like the coffee I just ordered last week that was roasted on the 6th, shipped and delivered to my house on the 8th....... Too many hobbies, but nothing better than having a chick over and in the morning pull shots/make drinks and their like whoaaaaa lol
There's your answer. Wagyu or not, rump is rump. You need 24+ hours on average, most people do 1-2 days on rump. I don't even know what the point of a Wagyu graded rump would be, it's still rump, never even seen Wagyu rump. Looking up pics, again, rump is rump, one of the toughest/leathery cuts.
Hard to beat your WT 101 and Old Forester Rye right now for the $. The OF Rye is crazy good and unique, and cheap. I've reached for it even over my $$$ bottles.
Death Wish is horrid, taste exactly how burning rubber smells. With a Superauto you want to stick around medium roast level, anything dark and oil will gunk up internals and oils will go rancid building up. Cat and Cloud, Slate, Northbound, Paradise, Brandywine, Metropolis, Chromatic etc are some I've ordered from.
Buying whole cap for $3.99lb today, we South Floridians are spoiled with cheap Picanha lol.
He likely means poached pears ;)
This, tried a number of times even with fresh ground at home, blehhh, grill &gt; sous vide burger by far. Texture is terrible on SV burgers.
Here it's actually labeled as Picanha, or generally Top Sirloin Cap. Even if I say Top Sirloin Cap at Whole Foods they know exactly what I want, but I just say Picanha and he'll bring out the roast from the back as butcher there is Brazilian lol (it's usually not on display up front). But it's a popular cut here, for years, due to our Brazilian population. I even have a Brazilian grocery 5 min away. Pry why the SVE guys always do Picanha as their down here as well lol If you say Top Sirloin Cap, or maybe Culotte, any butcher/store should know what your talking about.
Primo
Agree, far more so than red meat, and I say that as someone that just had prime tri tip in the bath (b/c of rain). Especially pork tenderloin.
Someone explain what in the fuck I'm looking at?!? Atticus gone thug life? Feel like you have to be really reaaaaaaaaaally high to appreciate lol ...
No offense meant but it's a DeLonghi. Pressurized baskets don't make espresso and fake crema, and DeLonghi have poor temps and no stability, very low extractions due to tiny baskets. I started with one years and years ago, even modded and depressurized and paired with my grinders back then (Preciso, Vario, and SJ etc). But then I went to a CC1 back then when they came out and same grinders = excellent espresso. Depressurized, espresso capable grinder, fresh beans, about all you can do to help a DeLonghi.
He's using a DeLonghi though. Not much you can do, they don't operate at correct temps, crazy huge dead band, and have zilch temp stability and can't even be temp surfed. I had one years ago that I even modded and depressurized and rigged PID on it for the heck of it. Even with a Super Jolly, Preciso, and Vario at my disposal, going to a real semi auto was a night and day difference with same grinders. This is back when Redbird which was very forgiving, and way better than Redbird is now which sucks along with their other offerings after Jeff sold company. Your just extremely handicapped with a DeLonghi or similar.
I may still have pics somewhere of the one I ghetto rigged PID on like almost 10yrs ago lol But yeah that's why I told OP to depressurize, fresh beans, that's about all you can do to get something better.
My ex wife had an Infinity, I don't know, it was nowhere near my Preciso/Vario/Super Jolly at the time (this is back on my CC1) playing around pulling shots with it, or trying to, lol. Was about the same as my Encore back then I gave to friend who ironically still uses that for brew like 8 years later. Was over there other week and was like damn you still have that thing lol
I actually have my Profitec set closer to 8 bars as well. Better for light and medium roast vs about 9.5 where it was stock. Even on vst and grinding finer, extracts better.
I would say check the float in the tank. One day my 300 wouldn't activate or register and couldn't figure out, ended up when filling with water somehow knocked the float out of its chute. If you didn't know, it has a magnet on it that registers to activate the boiler and filling. It has to be positioned the correct way as well. However it shouldn't run if there's an issue with that. Unless I misunderstood what you wrote? Take the tank out and check the float
There's really no advantage (for me it's more a convenience thing sometimes), traditional prep blows away sous vide for red meats. Been sous viding for years. I even did prime tri tip yesterday since it was raining https://i.imgur.com/apRniBu.jpg was ok, still not on the level of doing on the Egg reversed or true santa maria style etc, the texture even on Prime Tri is always just oddly chewy and off vs normally done. I do Ribeyes a lot that I cut from slab, just can't compare, the hotter and dry ambient air temp renders far better, texture, flavor etc all better. I've done countless blinds with friends and neighbors and not a single time has the SV steak won. Heck we just did the PB steaks on Tri and Picanha and had two neighbors over and they both pointed to the non PB steaks when asked which they liked better, and they were very oddly perplexed when I said the ones they didn't like were done in PB lol. You literally can't screw up a reverse steak as long as you use a thermometer, I'll monitor with wireless Thermapro set to X temp so I know when to pull and prep for searing. I've honestly never understood the post on here where people are like "most incredible best blows away anything etc...." steak ever sous vide blows everything away, meanwhile their pic looks barely seared and huge temp gradient. I've got 6 other friends and ones father who sous vide as well, they all agree. And like for myself, none of them like chicken breast in it vs correctly brined and grilled breast, my sister won't even let her hubby attempt chicken breast ever again ha, meanwhile on here people prop it up as a holy grail. The texture of SV breast makes me gag and my chick literally spit it out one day (142 temp), was like cooked chicken with texture of raw, yet people rave about that temp. That said I still use it for Picanha almost daily as I can drop a piece in before gym, have shake and shower when I get back. Then sear up nice lean protein quickly. Otherwise I really only use it for other things and not steak. Or if we're drinking and partying and don't feel like grilling I'll drop food in and sear with weed torch etc. Pork imo is something that benefits far more, I love doing pork tenderloin in it. Or funky stuff like Poached Pears etc. Faster infusions. Something like filet is good though as your basically just looking to get it to temp and don't have to worry about texture or rendering, chuck roast shows benefit of long cook.
Same reason reason bulgogi etc doesn't come out right in SV, too much moisture gets added in a vac sealed environment. I don't know about curry, but I could see it getting too thin in the bag.
If there's one meat I do specifically in it, it's Pork Tenderloin. That benefits far more from sous vide and allows people to do pork at lower temps. I like to stay around 140, but I've done 137 like other day. Love it for Poached Pears
That's honestly the way I look at it, I eat pretty well, and cut out soda etc. (which I never drank much anyway). So that way I can cheat or add things in daily, or have my cocktails come weekend. I tried making a coconut sugar syrup for old fashioneds or whiskey sours etc to have a more healthy cocktail and it was beyond disgusting lol, stick with simple syrup. If you've never done glazed carrots do so, just simply boil them first, then finish in pan preheating butter and sugar/maple syrup/honey to finish off and glaze. Honestly even just butter itself give a tasty glaze.
Weird you can buy Tommies all over down here, it's just Ribeye with rib bone, so you can eat with your hands aka caveman style lol
&gt;If you get Henry McKenna 10 BiB you can tell your groomsmen about how it won best whiskey of the year. After they drink it and show their disappointment, you can also reveal how bogus spirit awards are. &gt; Lmao, +rep
Used to love it. Even neighbor drain poured his, honestly wonder if somehow FL got shipped shit stock last 2 years vs before lol, when I see people still rave about it. All taste like mouthful of dirt and tannins now on last couple bottles I bought last 2 years. No clue what's up..... Only bottle in that BT mashbill that I don't like (used to), and figure out why it's so different now. I feel like maybe FL got sent shit batches haha
It's honestly more of a gimmick, I just do it for presentation. That bone adds quite a bit of weight which adds to cost, so your paying for more but getting less. Just get regular Ribeye and it's the same, unless you just want that caveman style presentation....
Fuck you Shorsey!
We did blind with my GTS, Blantons SFTB and others and Batch 9 Stagg won 1st with all 6 peeps lol
My last two I purchased before award win and their blechhh, one especially, it somehow taste like medicinal iodine gag note like in Islay Scotches. Just keep leaving it and trying here and there to see if air improves it and it seems to get worse and worse lol I tried making an Old Fashioned and dumped it out, not even simple syrup, WF Spiced cherry bitters and orange expression and peel could mask that profile, made my cocktail taste like medicinal bandaid. Nobody trying them at my house likes HM10 either ha. Someone mentioned Chai Tea in their notes, and that's exactly what Chai taste like to me, minty/medicinal like.... Buddy has a 6k barrel (mine are 5k) and it's awful as well.
You need to turn off "soap opera" option (varies depending on TV brand what it's called). Has nothing to do with 4k, just TVs come with that terrible setting always automatically set on. If your not watching live sports, it's awful. 4k is the bomb, even streaming 4k/HDR on Flix and Amazon Prime is ridiculously sharp and nice even though it's "compressed", my sets calibrated.
Wish Costco and others down here did that, always priced same lol, they know they got you by the ballz, and when it's 19.99lb that extra weight adds up. But I have one good place by me that's cheaper and it's vac sealed and flash frozen as single pieces even Wagyu grade (plus no Costco mechanical tenderization lol). I just got an awesome prime tri tip from them other day for $7lb vs $10lb for choice grade at Whole Foods.
I have one friend that loves it, I don't get it, all these years, he's the only one. I'll be over and I look at his wife like how the fuck do you guys watch this....
It's def the outlier. My other 2 batch 9s were excellent, but killed them fast, this one with about a year of air literally taste like they straight up poured Dr Pepper and Cherry Coke in the barrel before sealing it.
If your going to stream, I always say Grand Tour is the best example to show difference. It's so ridiculously sharp and detailed and clear, was like night and day difference on my set vs regular HD at neighbors. What's crazy is I just have a Vizio M70-D3, but it is calibrated, but I think that came out like 3 years ago when I got it. Hidden gem of Vizio lineup. I got it as a hold me over tv originally, waiting to see what happened around 80" range and been so disappointed in advancements and costs I still have the fricken Vizio it's so good lol.
Just had to check on my set, called clear action in the menu. Depending on brand it's called various things, even my set outside it's different, pry why it's confusing for some since there's no generic term for it. But I also have motion blur set to 0 and judder to 0 which was done when I had it calibrated.
He gonna make you his sex slave, You're gonna gargle mayonnaise No Unless we bust a massive monster mammoth jam. Dude, we've been through so much shit, Deactivated lasers with my dick Now it's time to blow this fucker down! C'mon Kage, now it's time to blow doors down I hear you Jables, now it's time to blow doors down Light up the stage 'cause it's time for a showdown We'll bend you over then we'll take you to Brown Town
Have you had the OF Rye? That imo runs circles EW SiB. Its crazy good, I feel like a broken record but I've reached for it even with GTS, Stagg Jr, Barrel, 1920, Willet 4yr etc you name it sitting right there. Plus your getting 100 proof, with that insanely unique profile, and a litre for 25 bucks or less for me. Stuff is like bubble gum like crazy, which has to be the high malted barley content. Everyone thats tried it at my house has been blown away. Even tonight few peeps over killed the bottle I just bought. Honestly I would gladly pay 50+ for it, just so unique., We were messing around with a blind and the OF came out ahead of EW SiB, BT, ER, 101 (which was runner up), and 4r SmB. For me its hard between OF and 101, with OF Rye I'm getting a litre for 25 with a unique profile, and with 101 here a handle is only 30 bucks which is crazy value and the juice blend their using now is so much better than before. I'm loving it, I love my $$$ good bottles, but its great that with the craze right now, there are various affordable bottles that are good. Honestly I'd place EW SiB easily ahead of my two awful HM10s lol.
Hard to compare as very different, doesn't drink like a Rye. Willet 4 and Pikesville were better than my EHT Rye, and both are way easier found and cheaper than EHT Rye (which I've literally only bought once). Then look at Woodford Rye, I actually thought that bottle was blahh for a Rye, and even in here gets barely mediocre reviews, but if you like it, hey enjoy. But the point was its a bottle under 25 that's ridiculously good for those looking for value like this thread and EW SiB.
Shit I just paid 80 lol, used to be about 50 or so at same store.
Rittenhouse is far more of a "Rye" Rye than OF, way more spicy and herbal. Good stuff, kind of harsh for sipping or on ice, but great cocktail mixer. Pikesville is one of my fave Ryes, it's basically Ritt aged 2 more years and 110 proof.
E&amp;J lol..... I have a buddy who that's all he drinks. He can easily afford anything, but you put a $500 bottle of wine in front of him, or even say old Scotch, Stagg Jr etc and he'll be like where's my E&amp;J?!? Haha
Texas is weird, their oddly proud of their whiskey, yet what I've had has been pretty awful. We had a party once at a friend's and everyone brought various bottles, and buddy (from Texas lol) was adament his Garrison SiB was better than Blantons SFTB, Stagg Jr, ECBP, Russel Reserve SiB Pick and whatever else was there that day Lmao (obviously he was alone in his opinion). And it's ridiculously priced like their other stuff, $100 or so for the SiB which is swill, could you imagine paying like $100k+ for a fricken Nissan Sentra b/c that's the logic my brain goes into..... The only people I know that actually like various stuff, are always from Texas ha. Don't know if it's a pride thing or what. Have another friend in Dallas samething, poured Balmorea, I fuckin cringed lol. But he thinks it's the greatest thing in the world. Poured Ranger Creek and it wasn't as bad but I was still very mehhh on it. Some of the Balcones are ok, Blue Cask is pretty decent, Brimstone I gagged u/Swimbikerundrink what are your thoughts on what I said since your from TX? I honestly wonder if it's a pride thing or what, as it seems only Texasn rave about their whisky and everyone else is like wut scratching their heads...
Had my Nano replaced, it would go haywire randomly changing temps durring cook, randomly turning off, set for one temp and it would hit a different temp and stay there. Replacement Nano works fine, however I really hate the stupid water level, depending on what your doing I damn near have to fill my Cambro 12qt way up, sometimes overflowing, now I have to remove water due to displacement. I don't know why they designed the nano with such an awful water point to work. My BT Anova has been flawless for a long time, used a ton. And it can work in far less water than the Nano.
Hi Time, and few others, have a list at home. Ace is another
Meanwhile I'm here in FL like our whisky sucks, St Augustine etc lol. Or even rum, I have a distillery not far from me and thought their rum was awful, like how, in FL of all states, do you produce crappy rum...
I so wish I didn't Google that, I just gagged....
I'm almost regretting trying to do this myself lol, thought this was supposed to be far more cost effective from what everyone said (unless I'm just not calculating this correctly) But at 2858.8mg and say half cup (118.294), that would only equal like 24mg per ml. My Full Spectrum CBdistillery bottle was 2500/30ml= 83mg per ml. Laz was 750/15ml =50mg per ml. I don't think I can use a small enough amount of oil to come near that, as 14g of flower is quite a bit and I'm looking at the bottles I have and no way would that amount of oil work. I'd have to use way more = weak dose. So how do I make something similar like that? Maybe I should have stuck to buying tincture lol, this really makes no sense to me unless I'm calculating something wrong. Was hoping to have this done today and here I am hours later still scratching my head. Wanted to get it in jar and oil so I can infuse next few hours as it's already getting late. Edit - I did 65ml which just covered the flower, which gives about 44mg per ml. Really would have liked to get tighter as I wouod be using much less from dropper on CBdistillery and Lazarus. How do they get dose ratios that tight? I'm guessing they have access to process or machine that makes it easier?
This is why I only buy the slabs to cut myself. Yes mechanical tenderization changes the texture, for the worse, and to me fuck that when your especially spending $$ Prime Grade money. They don't tenderize flank, but they also mechanically tenderize the shit out of skirt, it looks like a pile of sealed mush at Costco. It's especially noticeable when your doing sous vide, I really have no clue how some on here say they can't tell a difference, when I can easily tell a difference between my steak cut from Costco slab myself, and same bladed Costco steak (Ribeye)
Bingo. I only buy the whole piece to cut, plus it's way cheaper. I'll cut a bunch of Prime Ribeyes and comes out to about 10 bucks a lb vs 19.99lb
That could make sense, since looking up everything almost always even in here people are like use isolate. Weird thing is I've tried isolate tincture and it did nothing for me. So for full spectrum tincture are they just adding terpenes etc in? Thanks Will be curious to see how this tincture works
I don't mind it for mixing, Old Fashioneds etc, but it's fairly harsh trying to sip neat or ice. It's bro Pikesville is so much better and somehow not as harsh even though proof is higher.
ETL isn't even close to Bowman SiB imo
Oh that's night and day difference, can't compare previous Rare Breed to now. I actually didn't like Rare Breed before, even 2017 bottles I had I was like blahh. But G and later, insanely good and onky 40 bucks here or so (1920 is 65)
Well that's why you can go by statements like that, lol, Rittenhouse is $30 here even at a chain like Total Wine. Really depends on state, distribution cost, taxes etc. Never seen it close to 20 here in FL, maybe 10+ years ago...
Honestly using a chain site like Total Wine is a good place, as they generally have best (or avg stable) prices and you can see differences in various states. Private stores here in South FL, really can't compete against them in pricing. I just bought RHF for $53 there, I've seen other stores asking 150+ lol. Bought Stagg Jr there for 60, I know another private store that gets it and it's 100+ If you use a state control site like Ohio you could see msrp, but again likely be different in your state, but maybe you can see how much of a difference and if others are in range you'll know whether it's being overpriced or similarl to your local area.
OF Rye is so good sipping on ice. But I actually don't like it too much for cocktails as I get a crazy bubble gum like profile which is great neat/ice, but odd/almost too sweet in cocktails. I made a Manhattan with it and with the Vermouth it was way too "sweet" vs using say Rittenhouse, or Pikesville etc
Wow, weird, 10 year makes me gag, and most others considering it's low reviews. I love 101, Rare Breed and Russel SiB, but Russel 10 year I've never liked. Profile is so bad and odd to me. SiB is leagues better.
I seriously doubt someone would take the time and effort to counterfeit JP lol ;)
Have to agree, 10 year has always been pretty gross to me.
Damn, think that's the 1st positive review I've ever seen for RR 10 lol. Weird, I've never liked, to me it's always as if it's barrels that WT didn't want or met standards and repackaged as RR 10 to get rid of. I love 101, Rare Breed, and Russel SiB, but that 10 year makes me gag. I always get a metallic shaving like taste from it (like if you have blood in your mouth), seen a lot of people mention that as well. Friend had a bottle and was exactly the same.
Too me (10 year) it has an awful astringent and metal/blood like flavor (that ting you get in your mouth). 101 is cheaper and blows 10 year away, love RB and RR SiB though. WTKS is pointless however to me as it's barely better than 101 yet paying a ridiculous price, it's 50+ here, vs 101 for $20 for a 5th or handle for $30, and Rare Breed is 40-45. I have no idea what the point of WTKS is lol.....
I way prefer SmB, it's solid, and more importantly consistent. I'll never pay 75+ again for SiB l after having multiple shit bottles of it and only 1 our of 5 last ones that was decent. Fuck that variability at that price lol. I cannot honestly never figure out the people that rave for SiB, especially on the FB groups that say it's far better/blows away SmB lol, and I'm scratching me head reading that going huh... wut?!? Actually just poured some, after pouring RHF
Their Rye sucked, and it was 120+. Was so pissed I bought it, made me want to go to the distillery and punch someone for charging that much for such an blahh bottle. Heck Willet and Pikesville are less than half the price and curb stomp Peerless. How in the ever living fuck did they come up with this ridiculous pricing? It's terrible for even craft pricing standards. Let alone people paying for it (like me, facepalm). It's actually gone up, $140 at TW now here
I bet it stays on the shelf for a reason, sucks ballz, and ridiculously priced. So pissed I bought a bottle before lol
You gotta have the Barrell Whiskey releases (not bourbon). I've got batch 004 which is rum Cask finished and it's mind blowing good.
Honestly I put a $20 bottle of Old Forester Rye way ahead of Peerless. As OF Rye isn't a normal Rye either, like they portray Peerless as, OF pulls it off so much better with that malted barley for less than 1/4 price.
Explorer hasn't been BoF since 2010, and even that didnt mean anything for 3rd and 4th Gen due to the suspension being extremely limited. The 2nd Gen which ended in 2001 is what people use for off road builds etc How is this not an improvement? A much nicer and sharper driving, rwd, lighter, powerful mid size suv? Who wouldn't want that? It'll sell like hot cakes which is all Ford cares about. Only change I'd make is stick the Coyote in it and I'd buy one for the woman immediately lol
Normal price in South FL, it actually went up, $140 now. And Total Wine of all places has most reasonable prices, mom and pop/private stores here can't really compete with them or ABC etc I've seen some people post they get Peerless at 100 at Costco etc, still nowhere near worth it. Central/North FL it's cheaper but still around $100
Yeah it's actually went up here Lmao, I paid 120 or 130, its $139 now in South FL
Does/can it hook on a side of a container? B/c the pics I'm seeing show it mounted through or on a metal plate, on large commercial tanks. One of my containers is a 12qt Cambro for my Anovas, and your device looks like it dwarfs those in size, it may fit but looks like it would leave no room, or barely any, for food.
Not surprised lol, ridiculously wack pricing even by already wack craft whisky/bourbon standards
Very rarely, only certain things I wish I grabbed more of, on my 4th and last bottle of Batch 9 Stagg Jr, or my Barrel Whiskey batch that is incredible and regret not buying more as when I went back to Total Wine about a week later was all gone and haven't seen since. Otherwise not really, drink and enjoy and don't look back!
Like Stone Sours newer stuff better, but old school Slip was great. Wait and Bleed, Left Behind... everytime I hear those songs have flashback to is in college at concerts.
So far all these years haven't been a big fan of liquids in bag style cooks in sous vide. Not even ropa vieja came out near as good as normally done (did SVE recipe, they were blown away lol, we like mehh), even tried my spin on it, same thing, regularly prepped is way better. Same thing with short ribs and braising liquid in the bag even at 48 hours, wasn't on the level or as good as correctly braising in oven. Carnitas, again way better, kenji own traditional recipe was noticeably better than SV variant. Bulgogi multiple times experimenting, nope, that definitely isn't remotley near traditional prepped Bulgogi and with SV you can't get a hard fast sear to get that crispy and caramelized crust as SV introduces too much moisture (not even at 600+ degree pan temps) in that dish vs normally taking right out of marinade and searing quickly in batches in cast iron. But try it and see. Possibly marinade first, then SV. **Edit** - I wouldn't let cool in the bag, unless you mean ice bath it first, then stick in the fridge to sit, before dunking in your bbq to glaze
You should still be able to easily cut Ribeye no prob (are you buying select grade?), likely the quality of your meat. If I have to SV (weather etc), I'll do 134 for 3 hours. But reverse cooking with oven or grill, especially my Egg, is leagues better on Ribeye.
Weird, maybe it's location dependent? The 3 near me have had no changes (South FL), the one by me is the newest and one of their nicest stores period, other two are more dated, and don't have the bar etc setup. Even fish section if anything is better now, we even get iced whole Lion Fish lol (fuck that species)
Ford needs to stick Coyote in, Coyote all the things! Neighbor has a tuned Explorer Sport. It'll never happen but if Ford made a Coyote Explorer, or Bronco, I'd be all over it lol
That, and that transmission I'm sure will make a huge difference, that 10 speed is far better than Fords old 6 speed. Even in the F150, the rated power difference isn't that different vs pre 18 5.0s, yet real world its like night and day different in feel especially low/mid range, truck rips around like a hot rod especially in sport mode, even neighbors new 6.2 Denali feels numb and lazy in comparison. Neighbor has tuned Explorer Sport.
You get a Coyote, and you get a Coyote, everyone gets a Coyote!
I'm shocked as well........ Lol
Get a Kw reader to monitor, you'd be surprised at how efficient they are especially once at temp, the main energy used is getting to temp.
I always express and use orange and lemon peel, the lemon peel really, really, sets an OF off.
Rittenhouse, Pikesville, Old Forester Rye, honestly I even use WT 101 or Rare Breed etc for cocktails. I personally can't stand Bulleit lol.
Good buddy is a district manager for them here in FL. Sounds like it's your area, heck they have plans to build more stores here here. If anything the stores are better down here after the merger. I just left there with some exotic cheeses for party lol.
Express down with the skin facing cocktail, but also when peeling you want to make sure you not just thinly doing the skin but you want the rind as well. Then rub the glass. It's easier then trying to explain lol, found a vid that should help https://youtu.be/lYnvd_oqzXE
I've tried multiple TJs coffees for the hell of it, mehh, all mediocre to low grade, I guess decent by grocery store coffee but that's not saying much. Maybe barely passable for pour over when I made it (not remotley near fresh roasted), but forget trying to pull espresso like I have, extracts exactly how you'd expect stale low grade beans to extract. I've had two of their Ethiopians that were pry worst Ethiopians ever had lol.
Nah, just don't follow the "everything is better omg best steak evvvvvvvvvvvva SV 4 life hype" lol. But I did just have a Tri Tip in the bath due to rain today and carrots and butter/maple syrup in the other bath....
Go Noles! Think I have PTSD from last season....
Hard to explain, but you need to make sure to peel correct amount of the rind with the skin so it's kinda stiff, if too thin it'll just bend and not really express. I use a y-peeler. Definitely practice as expressing lemon and orange sets the cocktail off. So good.
What's your definition of affordable? On low end, I'd say Rittenhouse or WT 101, especially since a handle of 101 is only $30 for me (Rittenhouse is $30 here as well). Both have the profile and proof for a cocktail like an OF. Old Forester Rye as well which is even cheaper, but that has such a crazy unique profile, it's so good on ice, but sometimes odd in a cocktail (I'll do 50/50 with it and Pikesville) Pikesville makes killer cocktails though if you want to pony up for it. It's basically Rittenhouse but much better, aged 2 more years, and 110 proof
Hard to beat WT 101 for the $, handle for $30 for me is crazy value in this market (and 101 is damn good now, better than before)
WT started using better juice in Rare Breed, 101 etc. 2018+ bottles, are noticeably better, especially for $. I wasn't much if a fan before, always had a harshness like you said, however I always keep handles now at my house. Good crowd pleaser as well for parties.
Forgot to mention this one, but yes agree, OF 100 is another good one. OF Rye is way better for sipping, but for cocktails the 100 is much better.
I like my Xenomorphs at 140 for 2
No money shot? Killin me smallz
270 is one of my grinders, after WDT with needle, I'll tap the sides around lightly to settle, tamp, that's it.
They replaced it with Old Ezra Barrel Strength
Wait, how did you get 1920 for $30........
Water too low, with your bags in the displacement pushed water level up, with them out your Anova looks like it was on the verge of barely being filled in the 1st place. It's sucking air in.
Is this a serious question? ECBP is leagues ahead of OWA in every category. What's special about OWA mashbill? Makers Cask Strength is a readily available wheater that's noticeably better than OWA and 12. I'm honestly trying to figure out what people would be talking about it sitting around (mashbill etc)? Lol. Just b/c it's rare doesn't mean anything, not when there are available wheaters that are much better, like Rebell 10 SiB as well. Go ECBP my dude!
Yup https://i.imgur.com/XwehvdE.jpg
I've got a weed torch out back, this would be cool as something more portable. Be curious how clean it burns.... Searzall doesn't even belong in same sentence as torches like this. I have one and don't even remember last time I used it, weak and slooooow. Was only useful for melting cheese
I don't know if I'd use it inside, I use my weed torch out back on grill grates. But that also throws like a 5ft+ insanely intense flame. This still looks way more powerful than say a TS8000, not sure I'd use indoors....
So what can happen is air can get inside the tube when too low, so it can keep sucking and circulating air which is why you'll see it sputtering with bubbles. I usually keep my 12qt filled between 8-10qts of water
I'd go ETL. Weller 12 is mehh, and I've had too many bad/off bottles of SiB (love Small Batch though). Any chance of Rockhill or John Bowman Single Barrel? I would definitely go with one of those instead.
Whistlepig Picks can be great regular WP10 ehh, it's good but overpriced imo. I'd pay the difference to have a bottle of Pikesville and maybe Russel Reserve SiB instead. Bulleit I've just never liked, not even Barrel Proof. Haven't had it in awhile, maybe I should try again but something about their profile throws me off... And Bulleit gives me headaches. No clue why, last time I had a Bottle, I had two glasses and woke up in the morning feeling like I drank bourbon all night. Every single time, that's what Bulleit does, never figured it out.
&gt; (briny/meaty/medicinal) notes with it. (Not that those are bad, just not what I want to blend in.) Islays kill me lol, always reminds me as if someone picked up a bunch of medicinal bandaids and dumped them in to age,with some extra iodine thrown in for good measure. I just can't do them, haha
Increase time. I regularly do 2" thick Prime NY in the bath, 132 for 2.5-3 hours or so. 90 min is too short for 2" NY, the texture will be off, you can tell even by your pic. If your worried about color, like u/BostonBestEats mentioned, once exposed to oxygen SV meat will change due to lack of it being deprived sealed while cooking, also the same reason many starting out think their steaks are overcooked as they'll be grey'ish after cutting immediately
Oh hand down Laphroaig 10 was pry the worst offender, have no clue, how even an Islay fan, could like it. I literally gagged and almost heaved lol. I have some Bunnahabhain 12 which is supposed to be the far, far, light end of "Islay" notes and I still get too much of that aftertaste. Keep letting it sit air hoping it'll change lol.
I used to have a Pharos with Voodoo mods, was still annoying to use lol.
Someone's getting fired..... Lol
It's def not a mixer imo, the profile just isn't there, now I also don't care for it straight/ice (love my SFTB however). But even regular BT makes a much better cocktail regardless of proof, Blantons SiB just has such an oddly mild meh profile that so non-descript. Rockhill pulls it off much better, samething with Bowman SiB which is BT distillate, that stuff is cheaper and hands down better than Blantons SiB, samething with EHT SmB etc I've always found the regular SiB just so, kinda just there, like non-descript. SFTB is killer.... Not using that in cocktails though ha
Try sour with Pikesville, mmmm
Got a place by me that does like a 3 finger pour of Makers Cask for like 10 bucks lol, or will use in cocktails. Their more of a craft beer place so their whiskey selection isn't great, but you can be damn sure if I do order a cocktail or on rocks, Makers Cask with large pour for $10 it is! Lol
That is odd, I've had 4 batch 9s and one currently with quite a bit of air time, I've never gotten tasting notes like that lol. I actually would say ECBP like you thought ha. I'm perplexed at almond milk..... Mines a cherry coke wallop, I would despise Stagg Jr if I got almond milk, can't stand that stuff lol, ex used to drink it and felt like gaging everytime she did
Pretty easy to find at bars here, but Weller line is controlled by ABC in FL so if someone wants a bottle good luck lol. But can usually find it at most any good restaurant or whiskey bar, usually kind of ridiculous price for pour though lol
Pry just your area, next time you travel/vaycay make a note to look for bars. Many post their whiskey list and prices. But OWA can be wack, I've seen it more expensive than a pour of Blantons SFTB Lmao, and much higher than Weller 12, makes no sense lol. Other times I've seen it barely few $ more than regular BT.
I never got almond milk in GTS, or any bottle for that matter. I would chuck any bottle out the window into the canal if I got even a hint of that lol, almond milk is disgusting lol
Def don't do 131 for 2 on that Ribeye, 134 for 3, maybe 134 for 2 then drop temp and drop strip in for next 2 hours. Ribeye needs time and temp in bath. But since you have a webber, I would do the Ribeye on that, or honestly both Ribeye comes out much better reversed on grill than SV, can't beat that hot and dry ambient air for texture and rendering.
Better than traditional, or pressure cooker? What I liked about pressure cooker was it was almost, just barely behind traditional goodness but without the hassle, stirring, the watching over etc. Was so much easier lol. Once in awhile I'd do a regular pot but that gets to be annoying and a pain when your cooking and doing other stuff, and I'd be like shoulda stuck in the pressure cooker....
Never thought of Paella either and we South Floridians love our Paella. Used to date a chick that would even make it from her grandmas recipe. Paella in SV sounds interesting. Ever try ropa vieja? Done a few times and can't seem to get it to come out right or like when normally done. Even did the SVE recipe they raved about and we were like ehh mehh lol. Vs doing it normally where is like a mouthgasm.
Pretty much all fish is flash frozen at sea here if sold wholesale/commercially (yes even sushi, legally has to be). But that said there is quite a difference between normal grocery store fish and graded or sushi quality, so it's not exactly a myth, your local sushi joint especially here in FL, isn't buying same grade as any grocer here except for few fish monger style joints (where I've even bought sushi quality salmon or tuna, with regular salmon right next to it and you can easily tell a difference). I can buy salmon at Publix, Whole Foods etc, would I eat as sushi, you could, I personally wouldn't. Still a difference in quality and taste (perfectly fine for cooking however, obviously lol). I've had Costco tuna steaks that some people post online as great for sushi, and big nope, it was barely passable for Poke and more suited for searing/steak cooking, not sashimi/sushi, no clue what sushi or places they eat at lol. I mean we'll catch Wahoo etc and sashimi it up or very lightly sear it after fileting, that is beyond delicious fresh. We're definitely spoiled down here with fish. Like u/BostonBestEats mentioned it will all depend on quality, you could buy it from Walmart, I'd be like big hell no to that even if it was perfectly safe and smelled fine, guarantee taste, texture etc won't be on same level.
I mean you could throw darts at a board after 2010 and win win win all day long till this day. You'd actually have to purposely try to lose money all these years with this boom lol
I see your Old Forester 100 and I raise you Old Forester Rye
I honestly think people walk right past Makers Cask as A) they don't know better and just think "Makers" and B) don't even know what a wheated bourbon is period, while they hunt other "wheaters" till their dying days driving across states lol.
Shhhh we need to stop mentioning Bowman SiB lol, I'll murder a potatoe tater if they start fomo tatering that....
Maybe it was you, somebody mentioned that Tom Sims to me, but I don't see it at ABC down here (South FL)
I feel like 101 is so much better than EW SiB and especially the BiB though. The G and H 101s are so good for the $. Plus I get handles of 101 here for $30 which is insane value.
Cheap price for Prime Tommy
Rum guys have been pushing for rum to be on the level or better than bourbon, in terms of recognition etc. And I said, but what will you do when all you've pushed for, ends up putting rum through same thing. Foursquare sky rockets in price and limited allocations, stuff like Smith n Cross disappears and becomes jacked up. Doorlys 12,an excellent affordable rum, samething. So I said what will you do then?
Just finished Foursquare Zinfandel, big fan of them and their other stuff they distill like Doorlys 12
Fau, grew up in Boca, went to Lynn lol
So I read something awhile back that it helps the egg white break down or something, and in a video on educated barfly he mentions samething. So I've just always done that for sours. Fast forward to the next 5:10 and he mentions it https://youtu.be/hFKZPzfngcU
Any reason you didn't do in the oven? Not trying to be a dick, just don't understand why people keep trying to do Wellington in SV style, traditional is better and easier, pastry never comes out right when doing it SV, you can tell even looking at your pics. I just do it in the oven with Thermapro probe to monitor temps, comes out perfect. Congrats on their anniversary! Inb4 Kenji sees this lol
It's horribly designed in that sense, I have one as an extra unit for doing various things if using main one. I have no clue what dumb dumb designed it with that size and water level requirements. It uses way, way more water than my BT Anova even in a 12qt Cambro let alone other containers. The number of times I've had it filled, only to have it spill over from water displacement or basically at the top of the cover placing stuff in..., now have to scoop hot water out etc. Just had mine replaced as it went fubar, randomly changing temps durring cook, set to X temp and it would go to a different temp, randomly turning off durring cooks, or works fine for 2 hours, then happen to check in kitchen and see it's still running but drop temp from 140 to 120 etc Edit - what they should have done is at least allowed it to be adjusted vs fixed mount, that would hugely alleviate water level issues with the Nano
Not only was 24 hours too long, but premarindaded meats from grocer aren't that good and break down way easier. I just had two premarindaded pork tenderloins that came out like mush in the bath, perfect when I marinaded and do. No telling how long that meat has been in the bag with that marinade/seasoning breaking it down
I think most people would be shocked at how inaccurate ovens are, even randomly, high end included. Had friends with Bluestar, Dacor, Viking etc. Buddies Bluestar was way off. Even my stove is random, sometimes I'll set to 350 and thermometer I have hooked on will register 290, or maybe 315, or maybe 330 next time. Those oven thermometers are priceless, pry why so many people have bad experience or think their bad cooks, when it's really residential ovens can be wack on temps. Friends built their house and went all out on Miele with that two oven setup, had issues as well. Your experience reminds me of one time we made a roast and did at friends house, something I've done plenty of times. Set oven, ended up being way well done much sooner, I was like What... Da.... Fawk lol. I didn't have my instant or therma probe so I just estimated based off my times/temps, not even close lol
That's why you use a thermometer probe inserted to monitor and alert to X temp, flawless Wellington and perfect pastry time and time again ;)
I brought my thermometer that hangs in oven to friends, Bluestar which is $$$$, was off by like 50+ degrees
Love my Thermapros. Just bought friend multi probe one for his BDay. Probably the best device someone cooking can have, especially grilling chicken breast and hitting 150-155 to hold for bit at temp and rest, amazing grilled chicken vs doing 165+ like so many do taking into account carryover..... than wonder why "breast" is always dry, stringy etc.
Yup, most people just have no clue or even know about/how to do that.
Way to much of a pain in the ass, but there are bakeries by me that do it fresh that restaurants use etc, they even supply awesome buns to the burger joint next door. But that's their specialty. Kinda like Risotto, yeah I can do from scratch in a pot, stirring and checking constantly which is annoying, vs just dumping in a pressure cooker and getting 95% same result, or pretty much identical without the hassle, especially if doing other stuff in kitchen. u/AlabamaAviator just did Risotto SV which I never thought of doing, going to try that. Or like cannolis when I make them, fuck that, house smelled like peanut oil for days even with an exhausting range and was a royal nightmare, as exact recipes right down to gram never come out right for the shells, maybe it's our weather/humidity here as same reason you have to make adjustments to pizza dough etc taking that into account. I just use my Pizzelle maker to form the shells which is actually much better tasting then regular cannoli shells anyway imo, actually healthier, and far easier and quicker. I've attempted shells numerous times over the years frying, I'll never try again haha. Little Italian joint by me that's phenomenal, everything right down to the pasta is hand made old school style, they too use a really old cast iron Pizzelle to form shells for cannolis.
That is the correct answer.... Unless I raise you 1920 ;p
True too lol, the wonderful world of cooking variables ;p
500 dolllllllllla!
Also why I love Cask Strength/Private Selects and don't like the regular Makers. Also why I love Russel SiB, yet Russel 10 makes me want to gag as I get a very heavy metallic tinge like as if blood is in your mouth. Maybe Chai like aka mint, I get a nasty medicinal/mint in HM10 in my recent (well 6 months ago) HM10, and someone mentioned Chai in their tasting notes. Hate Chai, to me has that medicinal/mint, so was interesting to see someone write that description. Taste like fucking iodine like Islay Scotches, gag lol
Huh?
I'm not a big wheater fan, but I can't stand this stuff even by wheater standards, made me cringe trying to drink each time I tried too lol.
Weird, I like my bottle but smooth is not the word I would use for it. Not against my Rare Breed, RR SiB, 1920, Willet 4yr, ECBP, Stagg Jr etc. I don't think it's necessarily the proof, but my bottle and a friends have a very strong punch you in the face flavor profile. Now I'm thinking there is serious variability with this as OP mentioned similar to ECBP but mine, and my friends Ezra 7 BS are not remotley like my ECBPs.
Agree, my bottle, and my friends bottle are not even remotley like my ECBPs, surprised OP mentioned that? B/c when it was originally released many thought it would be like a proofed down ECBP but it was polar opposite in my case and from what I've seen others mention. Especially my C918, night and day difference, that C918 is like straight brown sugar. Def doesn't remind me anything like my two Old Forester SiB picks either, those were both like banana fosters in a bottle.
This X10, when my recent ones this past year have been blechh. It's not even just me, even last two bottles not a single friend or few neighbors that have tried have liked them. Whiskey of the year my ass lol, besides that one "magical" cherry picked jizzed on by the bourbon gods barrel that was sent in.
I got the red one on Amazon for like 10 bucks
Give Batch 9 air time and watch how much it improves further, one of my bottles I've got about 1 year on and it's just fricken insane. So good lol. Speaking of GTS when we did a blind batch 9 &gt; my GTS and others with a group of people. I have two gems, Batch 9, and Barrell Whiskey 004
If you have that budget, def not. DeLonghi just suck, I started with one way back, even modded and depressurized and rigged PID on it, still sucked even using a SJ, Vario, and Preciso.dont get me wrong, was better than nothing, but moving up to a real semi auto with same grinders what a massive difference. With that budget look at Gaggia Classic, or used Classic/Silvia, and get a good espresso capable grinder. You'll be far better off, the size difference is negligible.
&gt;I don't understand why all white people feel the need to get tattoos. U wut? This white cracka ass surfer successful multi biz owner is just finishing up his amazing sleeve. So only Blacks, Asians, Latins, Yellow, Purple.... whomever are the only ones allowed to get tatts? Lol Excuse me while I go clean and put some aquaphor on my cracka tatt ;p
Did the artist WDT it?
That fucker better stay away from my Foursquare, Pantations, Doorlys, Smith n Cross, Hampden..... If he mentions 1 thing about Foursquare, bourbon potatoe taters are going to go fomo even if they've never had rum Lmao
Ughh, why can't he just blather about that diabetes in a bottle Eldorado 12 and let fomo taters tater that sugar drink... Just finished a Foursquare Zinfandel, mmmm
Honestly enjoyed my Gen 2 far more than the 3 when I drove it. I so regret selling that car, I started looking again for the hell of it, and the sedans in manual and recaro are slim to none now. Modded, manual, was such a fun car.
It's just extra seasoning...
That's only if you salt before freezing, I can easily tell a difference between non salted vs salted frozen steaks. Otherwise I freeze steak, even Prime Grade all the time, both fridge freezer and deep chest, negligible difference if any. Plus we're vac sealing which makes a big difference vs just sticking inside a freezer zip bag and placing in freezer. Heck I've got Prime Ribeye, Prime Tri Tip, and pry 10lbs of Picanha cut up in the freezer. I'll defrost if grilling etc.
Well b/c most newbz would faint if they saw other grinder prices and many don't want to hand grind, and for entry level electric the Encore is tops. I've had the whole lineup through the years, and still have (love) my Vario with steel burrs which unless your using a Monolith or EK for brew not really getting better than that, not even my HG1 or Voodoo modded Pharos, Lido 2 when I had them, well still have Lido somewhere just never use it after swapping steel burrs in the Vario. I'm more of an espresso guy so only do pour over once in awhile but when I use that steel burr Vario, oh damnnnn....
Smell is fine on long cooks, that's normal, had it happen on short ribs plenty of times. However if your water is cloudy or off in color, obviously there is a leak. My water stays perfectly clear on long cooks, except the 1 time I had a bag leak. Or possible when sealing if you didn't use a chamber, a regular vac will pull the juices out and eventually seal but there will be loose juice in that post seal part. Wouldn't think enough to make your water cloudy though.
I only order fresh, for like 10 years, mainly espresso so maybe I'm spoiled with that lol. But the way people were raving on here about it was like it was the holy grail of coffee lol. I just finished Northbounds Natural Ethiopian which sadly was the last of their batch as they don't have anymore, and it was beyond mind blowing good. Literally berries and chocolate that even punched through milk, hell opening the bag you could smell blueberries in the kitchen. Then for the heck of it grocery shopping there pick up the TJ bag, like comparing a Yugo to a Porsche, wasn't even remotley near that bag of Northbound I just finished (so sad they don't carry it now). I guess good by grocery store standards, but that's not saying much....
I don't know what roasters you guys are buying from but I just bought the Ethiopian last week and it's mediocre, not even remotley near the natural processed Ethiopian I just finished from Northbound (which was the end of that lot Ughh) let alone others as I love Natural Processed from that region. The coffees I've had from TJs are a step above regular grocery coffee but not even close to roasters I order from. Pulled pretty crappy on my Profitec, and was better for pour over (using steel bur Vario for that), I guess good by grocery store standards though so if people are used to that then I can see how they'd be like wow trying this. I must be missing something as people are raving about this coffee like it's the holy grail lol
I know Lol. I think I know bbq is pretty popular after I just did multiple Tri Tips and Ribeyes on egg last week ;) . I also do bourbon based glazes and infusions. Totally different, as your dealing with reductions, high heat, and completely ingredients (anyone dropping in wallops of brown sugar in BMs?) etc. However in a drink, aka Bloody Mary, it's disgusting. I make them from scratch, vodka only for me. Even my chick gagged on bourbon based Bloody. Something about that flavor on a BM just makes me cringe, just too odd and weird. Edit - tequila too, you can make a Bloody "Maria" but oye, not for me, but too be fair not really a tequila person.
South fl
Honestly used to make it, but it's just so much easier and convenient buying those Trader Joe's small like 5-8oz cups with various flavors for Greek yogurt, eat those like once or twice a day on gym days as snack after meal. Their only like a buck a piece or so, convenience won out for me lol
I'll have to try that maybe, vs normal process. Yeah I only buy whole fat.
Hot damn that's nice!
Plus they fit the giant packs of paper towels and toilet paper rolls, which is why everyone really goes to Costco for..... right? lol. That, nuts, protein bars, and sometimes meat for me, only buy the slabs otherwise too many other stores around me with similar/better offerings for same or cheaper price. Costco chicken sucks though (breast), stopped buying it after returning so many packages last two years. They have a big issue with "woody" breast, only buy fresh market and whole foods now which is more $$$ but so much better and no issues. &amp;#x200B; But good lord, the people that go to self checkout with 2 carts full of stuff and can barely figure out how to scan and are super slow.... I want to punch them in the face, go the fuck to regular check out
Northbounds Tiger Rose for espresso
Surprised no bubblegum notes in your tasting? Seen others mention that and I get it like crazy, try it again now that I said that, you'll be like oh shit it is like bubblegum haha. This is really unbeatable for the $, the litre bottle of it is under 25 here. Its just so unique and different for a Rye, let alone something this good is this cheap. I love my Willet 4yr, Pikesville etc, and still go through bottle after bottle of OF Rye for sipping neat/ice
Old Forrester Rye, WT 101
That man deserves a beer! Costco tests my patience, and for whatever reason here, it's all foreigners/tourist speaking 15 different languages, roll right into you, push against or go right in front of you to grab something, stop in the middle of main aisles sideways blocking traffic. My chick one day was like calm down as I just glared at the guy that cut in front of me so I pushed him and his cart aside as I said excuse me lmao, then he said something in whatever fuckin language he spoke and walked away muttering, she's like I could tell you were about to crack him. Best part was lady in next line was like wtf its always these rude "foreigners" wtf is wrong with these people.... Haha
Ok done it on Tri and Picanha, totally blind for neighbors and my gf, they each choose the non-PB steaks. Plus I got weird fuckin looks when I told them the other steaks had PB lol. I didn't see any difference, except the odd flavor, no difference in tenderness etc
I have an Nano, get the regular BT or wifi Anova. I got it as an xtra device, but primarily use my BT. I just had my other Nano replaced, but the biggest annoyance is it has a wack water requirement ratio. Way more water than the regular Anovas. So like in my 12qt Cambro I've had times were dropping stuff in water has overflowed due to displacement etc, now I have to fish out hot water, or maybe I hit just enough to trigger the sensor, now have to fill more water in as there wasn't enough etc. It's much slower heating water as well. It just a stupid design, they should have made it adjustable vs fixed mount. That would greatly alleviate the common water issues. Especially on longer cooks where water can drop down and unit will turn off, vs my BT Anova as the water level sensor is much further down. I honestly don't really use mine, thinking a out getting another BT instead or maybe even the new Pro commercial model
Man I honestly wonder if FL was sent bad batches when I see good reviews for it now lol. Last two years or so I don't know what it is, but ER taste like earth/dirt to me now, and I used to buy it all the time and enjoyed it. Last couple bottles I don't know what's up, or what changed, like am I the only one that doesn't like ER now haha? So last night we were at a bar and a buddy was in town (ironically from KY as well), never had ER and wanted to try it so ordered a pour, good price too only $10. Still tasted like dirt to me when I took a sip. Went back to my 1920 pour ($12, love that place). I really don't know why and dumbfounded as I used to buy it all the time and always liked it. But now, even tried it travelling few times, bought another bottle from ABC about 2 months ago, samething....?!? Cant be my palate as I love everything else I still buy over the years, and have plenty of BT Mash 1 and 2 offerings and like regular BT. It's only ER I have issue with, so odd. I actually had an old thread on here talking about this wondering if I was alone: https://www.reddit.com/r/bourbon/comments/9pl3jt/eagle_rare
Do side by side, I have long ago, butter in the bag does make the steak blander. Did Prime Ribeyes I cut from slab myself, the ones with butter in the bag tasted "blander/muted" vs w/o. Exactly as u/Morael noted
Oddly enough I love Makers Cask and don't have that happen, however not a fan of regular Makers. Love Cask and Private Selects.
I love L10 and this makes me want a bottle of this even more. Sounds delicious
There's a Cask Strength L10?!?!? My life has been a lie.... Edit - ahhh frick, Laphroaig, thought you said Ledaig lol.
Do it normally (traditionally), and it will come out far faaaaaaar better. SV Wellington is kinda like an oxymoron lol, it'll never come out correctly. So easy to do normally, just use temp probe to monitor meat, and pastry will be super puffy and crispy vs soggy and raw which will happen doing SV 99.9% of the time. Whole point of Wellington is the pastry and flavor from the duxelle, b/c tenderloin is just, well, tenderloin. I think some people are put off doing it normally as it "seems" complex, but it really is an stupid easy dish to do. What cut did you use? Looks like a thin NY Strip loin vs tenderloin (though really you can do it with almost anything including pork long as it's prepped correctly)
This is the dish I always recommend to anyone starting out in SV or looking for unique stuff to do besides meat etc. I remember posting so many times on here with people asking what else.... I'm like dude, do sv poached Pears lol Comes out so good
Literally just poured some haha, popped on here and saw this. Excellent bottle, very meaty, smokey, bbq walloping, rich....very Umami like with its depth and richness. Just poured Ledaig 10 right before it, Ledaig is actually a bit more refined and much sweeter to me, but Oogie is like being sucker punched by depth and richness. The Ledaig has a much stronger bacon like note, but I get this very strong bbq like note to Oogie like you saw, like that tang. The proof is what helps set it off and bring all the notes together imo (but I'm also a proof whore even with bourbon), and really holds up to an ice rock. But it's damn good neat. Funny thing is, I still have not had Ardbeg 10, go figure lol. I jumped right to Oogie and stayed there. I also noticed like you did the initial opening/neck pours were waaaaay more smokey and burnt rubber, now after few weeks the smoke is more integrated.
I get what your trying to say, but it definitely varys depending on area, wine vs whiskey etc. Look at bourbon, almost all the fancy type bottles and labeling are from "craft" companies where 99% are utter shit swill. Hudson as an example, bottle itself is nice and label and people buy it b/c of that presentation.... but what's inside is literally relabeled nail polish remover from Walgreens lol. Than you have stuff like New Riff that not only have a cool label but a very nice bottle shape itself and the glass is tinted that fades out. But you wouldn't want to stay away from that as their SiB offerings are pretty much tops for craft companies. I've bought some wines that didn't look nice nor fancy label that ended up being excellent. Though I just did buy a relatively cheaper wine (think 30 or 25 bucks?) Lake &amp; Vine 2015 Cab, that bottle top and label look really nice, kinda classy with that silver tone and dark coloring. Ended up being a damn good good for the $. Gave to trying to find a bottle in a store they may not of had as a gift, ended up going back and getting a couple more bottles for the house lol
New Jersey Drive? Maybe Menace?
Here's the ones listed at one of my stores, bunch of them lol, have you had any of these variants? Edit - ahh crap can't link the TW search system for brand, hold on a sec lol Had any of these? Berry Bros Craigellachie 12yr, Ardmore 12yr, Glentauchers 13yr, Teaninich 11yr, Blair Athol 11yr, Caol Ila 11yr, then there's a bunch of their higher end stuff like the 26-40yr range but not looking at those without trying other stuff first. One of the reviews of the Berry Caol Ila 11yr said think of a Cask Strength version of Caol Ila 12yr with no coloring added.
Ballantruan 10 I've seen. Recommend it? Seems to get good reviews from what I saw, and 50% abv and only $60 here.
Haha, I thought of Cooley High but didn't say it as I was like thinking you were meaning more of the 90s flicks maybe 80s lol. Cooley was way back further
Montgomeries lineup is carried but for whatever reason none of the stores around me, way south the Miami locations do otherwise gave results for Central and North FL. Kinda odd.... Lol Don't see that Ardmore listed unless I didn't look it up correctly. Said 0 results for single cask variants N/m think I just found it, the Ardmore 11yr 2008 r/Scotch pick?
Agree with u/byukid_ , depends on the actual type, huge difference between "Wagyu" most people buy here and true A5 etc. I've made it plenty of times and we did the big A5 slab from Costco for a party. Personally I prefer grilling on the Egg stupid hot and fast (like a min a side if that) or prepared teppan style, latter which is generally how it's even served in Japan. Nobody is really eating huge hunks of Wagyu grade steaks like you would a normal sized Ribeye etc, you'll throw up or feel like shit lol, so rich. Think that's why I much prefer Teppan style as it's done in smaller portions and is just a flavor explosion between the beef and sauce, umami wallop. If your going to SV and it's thinner like an inch or so like you said, you just have to have your sear game on point which many don't. Like normal steak, make sure extremely dry, cast iron pan at 500+ degrees (check with an IR gun), and seared 30 seconds a side. Any of that is off and you'll easily cook the steak further. If it's thinner than an inch don't even bother, just quickly pan sear.
Think I may of found a new cheap scotch gem tonight though, Battlehill 6yr Bunnahabhain, $42, and pretty impressed by it and I'm a big fan of Bunna 12 so interesting trying a Bunna that's peated (they were out of Toiteach dha). At that price, I can't think of any scotch around that, that can remotley touch it let alone being about 55% abv and ncf. It's def hot, but will be interesting to see how that calms down once it breathes and neck pour is gone. But for $42 and that proof and profile, hell I may of just found a killer cocktail base too
I went polar opposite from Berry. Bought the Battlehill 6yr Bunnahabhain which I was a bit hesitant about reading older Battlehill reviews but was curious about peated Bunna. But it ended up being pretty damn good and only $42, heck of a bargain for 55% abv and ncf. Edit - tried on ice rock, wow, vs neat it just become an intense butterscotch note with that lighter smoke in the background. I'm really impressed now with how cheap this is. Even smells like butterscotch on ice, I don't recall getting that with Bunna ever. Grabbed Port Charlotte 10 as well. Good as well, but I think I still much prefer Ledaig 10. Ledaig 10 and Uigedail seem to of become the two bottles on the pedestal to compare others against, so good.
Wouldn't be surprised. Last few times I've had it, it varied greatly. Some of the bottles and pour at a bar were awful. Something I never would have said years ago where it was always a consistent solid cheap bottle. ER became like that for me as well, last 3 years or so almost every ER I bought was shit swill, literally, nothing but earth and dirt and ridiculously harsh acetone like notes. However I just took a gamble on an ER Store Pick (Turtle Creek) and it's excellent, by far pry the best ER Pick I've ever had including against Picks years ago. And absolutely blows away the last 5 or 6 regular ERs I bought and pours at bars. You wouldn't even think it came from the same lineup. Same for BT Picks, those are great as well.
Imo as someone whose kept track of numerous bottles from ER to EHT etc. BT quality has completely nose dived off the cliff, and I honestly did not like 2019 GTS either especially vs all my prior GTS bottles or pours. Used to buy ER for years, then I had 6 bottles of pure nail polish remover shit and pours at bars past 3 years or so. EHT SiB, is a bi-polar flopping bottle now, even when good it was barely better than SmB today and I had 2 SiBs out of last 5 bottles I wouldn't have even paid $20 for let alone $75 ugh lol. But BT Picks are great, and ER Pick I just got is by far tops even against old picks years ago. So their either cherry picking for certain bottles and batches that are blended (Stagg Jr etc) or their QC has completely nose dived, or combo of both along with not being able to keep up with demand. BT, yes regular BT, is now allocated here in FL at Total Wine etc, literally on the counter with allocated/rare bottles. Funny seeing it sitting next to $$$ Scotches etc. Few years ago you could buy handles 24/7. Last night I was there and they had 4 BTs on the counter lol.
There's a ton of wholesalers and distributors in FL, buddies fam owns one. But I don't think it's even that, as my experience with ER was the same travelling in other states in recent years, whether Chicago, Colorado, Cali etc. Would have pours and try ER once in awhile, and was always the same, like a mouthful of dirt and harsh as fuck. I just kept trying b/c I couldn't figure out why it turned to shit. At first I thought my taste changed, but wasn't that as would have noticed with other various bottles and I still had that last good ER open. It's funny as I'm sipping that ER Pick from Turtle Creek right now and it's like comparing a Yugo to a Porsche GT3 it's so far beyond those reg ERs I've had.
&gt;While they’re both wheater’s, they’re completely different Agree. Rebell SiB is another wheater that though good, very different from both of those as well. Wheaters are weird like that lol. But that said RC6 smacks 107 for me. I honestly prefer the Private Selects over even 107 Picks I've had easily. There's something about BT Wheaters that just doesn't mesh with me, mostly that red hot cinnamon note I always get. Minus WLW which I love and had pour recently of the current batch and was phenomenal. The Makers Private Select from TPS recently just absolutely crushes any Weller 107 Pick I've had.
Said it before on here as well as others. I don't care for Larceny at all. But I had hopes the BP would be a cool steller offering, look at Makers, I can't stand reg Makers but love Cask Strength and PS Line. And would be cool to have a high proof wheater considering lack of good wheaters in general. But Larceny BP was straight garbage, was even worse than reg Larceny b/c everything that sucks about reg Larceny gets kicked up like 10x.
Lol I was at a bar once, well restaurant, Yard House. They have Makers Cask so I was like yeah can I get a Whiskey Sour with that. "sure no prob". Get the drink back and it just like a 3-4 finger pour of Makers Cask on the rocks. I'm like oh sorry man I actually wanted a whiskey sour. He's like "oh yeah, I got you man, I'll go fix it". Goes over to some sprayer on other side of the bar and sprays a liquid inside the drink and brings it back. I was so confused, and my buddy with me was as well. Best part was the bartender handed it back to me and gave me a look like I got you bro enjoy! As if he just hooked me up and knew how to make a killer drink.... I don't even know what it was that was sprayed in, like a lemonade soda or something. It was already a heavy pour of Makers Cask so I was like fuck it and drank it, def wasn't a sour though ha. Think I woulda been even more confused if he added egg white to whatever concoction he gave me.
Yeah I've not noticed the Battlehill line anywhere besides Total either.
Yeah I wasn't expecting much reading older reviews, but from chatting with some others seems that line has improved greatly vs older stuff. I was really surprised at how good it was. It's so weird and funky in a good way, it taste like a younger version of Bunna 12 (you get those same typical Bunna fruity like notes) but the peaty smoke is there and then a crazy strong butterscotch note which throws you for a loop. I've never had any bottle not even bourbons known for "butterscotch" have that note so prominent. Even on an ice rock, the glass smelled like butterscotch. I wasn't really picking that up neat, so going to keep checking it as that was still initial neck pours. Curious to see what happens as it breathes. But for $42, I was really impressed.
Susprised as well, that's why I was so hesitant for a long time to try it or really peaty bottles in general. But I jumped right to Oogie w/o even trying Ardbeg 10 first lol, and loved it. Just poured it, and had Ardbeg 10 right before. I really like the 10 but love how Oogie has that young brashness cranked up but very smokey and savory rich flavor.
I'm so facepalming myself for not picking up more of the old delicious 7yr from them. Didn't realize it was being discontinued at that time. I've had some of those 13yr etc picks, and imo that 7yr walloped them, two of those 13yrs I sampled were terrible. Can only hope they get back to that 7yr quality to $ ratio again
I think every mention I've seen for Hazmat older Bowmans has been top notch (as well as sweet 16 etc). Mad jelly.....
Weird, side by side for me huge difference. 1910 is more of a toasted marshmallow wallop, and WFDO is like maple syrup. I get maple syrup like crazy with it but still has that toasted note (obviously lol). Just to me is sweet like that, while 1910 is sweet in a different way (marshmallow note)
Bowman SiB is one of my favorite bourbons, still haven't had the chance to find let alone sample their more exotic stuff. So jealous.... Lol Buddy of mine had pour of Sweet 16 and was mind blown. He jokes it ruined bourbon for him b/c anything he has or buys now he compares to that
Did you mean flan? Actually doesn't really look like flan either, almost like a cake variant of it. I make creme brulee and sure doesn't look like that. It's a custard made in ramekin jars. Maybe it's called creme brulee where you live? Look yummy regardless
I had the 2yr and 3yr, the 3yr was barely passable vs say Willett Rye or New Riff Rye etc. But the 2yr was undrinkable wretchedness. I still to this day don't understand how people rave about both the 2yr and 3yr especially on online groups like on FB. I saw someone say the 3yr was far better than Willett Estate, to me that's like someone saying a Toyota Tercel is better than. Porsche lol. And that 2yr was around $130 here whether Costco or Total, &lt;--- fuckin epic facepalm
The flip side to that is you have say New Riff that's not only putting out good craft stuff, but charging reasonable prices. The SiBs I've had of theirs have been well worth the $50. And their Rye line is great. But then you have companies like Peerless and others charging $$$ for, well..... Now you need to get on that BH Bunna 6yr train ;)
Wouldn't say that necessarily. Especially as I get it at retail at Total as it's only $53, jacked up or secondary price hell naw. The current one I have is a delicious cherry sucker punch, almost as strong cherry note as my Batch 9 Stagg. But I still put Bowman SiB ahead of it, which imo is the best of BTs 100 proof offerings, easily over EHT SiB.
Yup why? Edit - opps got this confused with another post but still applies (Bowman part). If you mean from what I said with Bowman, Bowman SiB all day long over Gold. Blantons SFTB is the only Blantons worth it. But that's even hard to find now out of the US and now places have caught on and jacking price up. I grabbed my last SFTB in the Bahamas at some random store when we took the boat over to fish. Then it pretty much disappeared in the Caribbean, and when popping up recently places were charging about secondary or above from what peeps were finding. Guess they caught on due to potatoe tater tots. There was a potatoe tater tot online that literally posted island hoping and buying like 20 or 30 bottles of it. Ridiculous lol. Prior to 2019, you could find SFTB 24/7 almost anywhere in the Caribbean.
What Alexander Murray bottle is that in the back ground? And yum, Port Charlotte 10.
Buddy has the higher end Miele coffee system built into his kitchen. Honestly, it sucks, awful even with fresh beans. Vs my setup, not even comparable. I always see people mention that with kids and I'm not sure why, not a problem for me, no offense meant. Friend has 5 younger kids and has a Profitec, literally only takes seconds to grind and then pull your shot. And it's fast steaming milk, should say correctly steaming milk as the Miele was awful there as well. But if your set on just push button convenience, don't have a choice. Either have to choose quality in the cup (semi auto) or convenience (Superauto), so whichever means more for you go with. Fwiw I had another friend whose wife got him a Monza few years ago, that was about as close as you could get to a semi auto setup vs other Superautos as the internal grinder was better, accurate temps, temp stability due to metal, true group and no some pseudo pressurized one.
My friend had a SGP paired with his BDB. That grinder is barely passable for espresso. I let him borrow a Vario I keep around with steel burrs for pour over, swapped the ceramic set in, and he was blown away at the difference and quickly ordered a Vario at the time. The grinder in the Barista Express is basically a gimped version of the SGP, it's even worse lol, likely why so many get frustrated using it till they get another seperate grinder. The Sette absolutely crushes the SGP for espresso. But the SGP will be better for brew means. And I say that as someone that's owned high end commercial grinders down to to the Baraztas, as well as HG1 and Voodoo modded Pharos.
I have a Profitec 300 and this is a common issue with it and other owners I've spoken to. It's extremely finicky trying to microfoam correctly. This is the only machine that's kinda frustrated me in that regard and I've used or owned other stuff ranging from Slayer, GS3, Crossland CC1, Lucca M58 (Shoulda kept that one but current place couldn't plumb in), Gaggia Classic, Silvia, Verano 2B etc. Been into 'spro for 10 years, and the 300 is the only machine imo that's been a pain in the ass trying to steam milk. I've had for 2 years now and only once in awhile I can get sorta close but still off, no clue why, spoke to other owners that have said the samething. Heck I got way better milk texture and for latte art easier on my old CC1. I could pull latte art with any of the above machines consistently, the 300, is like flipping a coin. Far as your temp issue though, use a small thermometer to monitor while steaming. Once you get used to that you'll know approx when to stop. But also keep in mind you have to stop early on regardless as temp will continue to rise. I usually pull between 120-130. If your doing the ol' 150 rule, the milk will rise higher towards 160 after stopping which you don't want for texture and taste.
I see people rave about 10 Star as a substitute for "other" ;) BT distillate bottles, and I never understood. It's terrible vs the old AAA 10yr. Such a shame that bottle left, for the $, only WT 101 could give it a run. 10 Star is extremely thin and astringent, and bland, and shows it's young age. I don't care for Blantons but I've seen people say it taste the same, lol wut?!?!? Like saying a Corolla and Porsche drive the same, there's nothing remotley similar besides the fact that their both bourbons.
Probably tie between Winchester and Hudson Baby. Not sure which is worse.... Gag
Malort, tonight’s the night you fight your dad.
Think the problem with Campfire though the various profiles just don't mesh. I love my bourbon and scotch, especially peaty ones lately from Uigedail , Ledaig 10, Port Charlotte 10 etc. But Campfire tasted like a mish mash to me. I get what they were trying to accomplish, they just didn't pull it off imo, came off, weird lol
I keep thinking about getting the Atom 75 as a hold over as I've sold other grinders but still have a Sette, as I'm still waiting on Monolith orders to open ugh. Last run was only the Monolith Maxx. And no clue what or when next run will be and if it's the conical Monolith don't want that. Friend has the Atom and it's a great grinder for the $. Plus I liked the idea of the blower hopper but like you mentioned it's seems quirky and doesn't really work as intended (or at least many users are a bit frustrated with it). Be very interesting to see of you solve the issues 3D printing. I almost bought an open box E37SD that popped up, and when I went back to checkout it already sold, fawk.... Lol. Though maybe a good thing as it seems people were not happy with it.
Yeah but good luck trying to find 10yr now. Solid bottle. I haven't seen that bottle here in a couple years now.
Look for something that has PID so you don't have to worry about temp surfing, I had a CC1 years ago. You just set the temp you want and that's it. Than a good grinder, now that can depend if you want something more single dosing and weighing separately, or not. Then you just have to play around with grind, dosing, distribution etc. It's pretty easy to do, only took me a few days when I started like 10 years ago to figure out how to dial in.
There's only one real Superauto for home use that came about as close as possible to a semi setup, and that was the Monza. Friend had one. Not sure if still sold or if similar competition now? What set it apart vs other Superautos was the better internal grinder, tamping mechanism, lots of metal for temp stability, a true group and not the fake pressurized like setups on 99.9% of others, and accurate temps. But even then it still wasn't as good as my CC1 setup back then but it was a heck of a lot better than normal Superauto swill.
Likely a failing opv, especially if adjusting back and no difference. Easy to replace. But could be the pump as well. Replace the opv, adjust, and see what happens. Betting its one or the other, or both...
Wouldn't bother, I saw the options when looking to buy the 75, just do SSP swap instead the other burrs are just the gimmicky coatings.
Depends what your doing. Lighter roast come out better on long pulls at lower bar (though I haven't done flat 6). On some machines your able to pressure profile durring the extraction so you could start at 3, ramp up to 6, than to 9, than back down to 7 etc to finish the shot. Can let you do longer times and higher yields without the negatives of doing same at flat 9 bar rate (extreme bitterness and over extraction etc)
Flipside to that though, lots of older/Rare stuff that those potatoe tater tots don't go for but people like you, myself, or others on here would (like National Distillers old offerings etc). Bottles you would pretty much never see, or obtain otherwise. The taters just want all der Welllllllllerz
Yup, hilarious, people were willing to give up $$$$ Scotches just for a fuckin bottle of Weller 12 or OWA lmao But there were lots on there with rare bottles, like back in the day stuff, prefire EC, National Distillers, dusty turkey upon dusty turkey and dozens of others, that the allocation potatoes don't want, care for, or even know about, b/c all they want is their BT, Wellerzzzz, Kentucky Owl shit. So imo I don't have an issue with sites like that or people selling those bottles, as you pretty much have no chance otherwise of obtaining said bottles. Try walking into any random store and saying hey do you guys have some ND 114 or prefire EC18 lol....
Their all different and worth it, love Makers Cask, RC6, and Private Selects. If you can get RC6 right now I'd do so considering how limited run it was, completely sold out here in about 2 months or so.
Most of what you mentioned was already rare and harder to find even before the craze, not made in amounts like WT etc. Stagg Jr is very area dependent and it hits distribution generally twice a year, areas like CO get a shitload of it when distributed. GA, barely. Blantons used to sit and only reason it was seen more or easier found was b/c you didn't have tater tots hunting anything BT makes and driving across state lines just for reg BT lol. Allocation #s haven't really changed, just instead of X people buying you have XXXXXX people now. We literally used to keep it around as one of the mixer bottles as it was cheaper and just looked "fancy" for peeps over, I never and to this day still don't care for sipping it. I was just in GA and picked up 4r pick and ER pick from Turtle Creek which is probably the best ER Pick I've ever had, along with hitting some other shops up on drive back. Blantons is just run of the mill mediocrity. Bowman SiB is literally all over GA and every shop I've been too few weeks ago, and Bowman SiB is BT distillate, pimp slaps Blantons and is cheaper. ORVW your not going to walk in anywhere and just see for sale let alone retail, even hardly before. Besides its blahh, Makers Cask and Private Selects crush it or Rebell SiB, much better wheaters, store by me that wants ORVW for $900 Lmao. Maybe get into scotch? Especially the last year I've gotten way further into scotch and now my scotch purchases way out number my bourbon purchases. Sipping Ledaig 10 right now which is incredible and only $65
Scotch that really got me into scotch, and still enjoy it. I also just picked up Battlehills 6yr Bunna which is peated, and it's absolutely killer for under $45
Agree with that, it's actually quite complex, yet at the same time it's one of those you can just pour just to pour scotch and not care. It's like the WT 101 of scotch I can pour high end bottles and then pour WT 101 no prob and enjoy, and then there are times where I really like to pour 101 and enjoy focusing on notes, same for Bunna
Was already $115 or so here in FL, even at Total
Good lord, where do you guys live with these ridiculously cheap prices? It's $53+ here in South FL. Quinta Ruban is $55+ as well. Pre-tariff pricing
I saw those packs here and they were 75-80, pretty much what cost to buy 1920 and OF 100 by themselves lol. I was like wtf would buy this when I can just buy 1 or both anyway for same price.
Must be some variation as I thought the bottle I had was mehh. I like bourbon, I like scotch/peaty scotch, I like Rye, but it (at least my bottle) came off like a mish mash where the profiles just didn't work. Maybe I'll have to try it again....
Yup. I get an insanely strong toffee/butterscotch note as well which is so funky. Especially on an ice rock, smell the glass and it literally smells like that lol. Incredible bottle for the $. I was so hesitant given older reviews for Battlehill, but this bottle is awesome. $42 here
I joke and call it Bunnahobgoblin
The Infinity line uses scotch? Or peated scotch at that? Interesting. I've actually stayed away from the Barrell Infinity bottles as I don't know what batch is what and I've never really been a fan of Infinitys in general with friends doing so. And I read mixed reviews on the Infinity line. But may have to give it a try.
Same issue on my S9. Can't clear it either, it's like stuck in notifications. Started last week or so. Mainly when I get our of my truck streaming and don't use AA as that's another fricken thing wrong, cannot get AA to work correctly in my "$70k" truck and Ford can't figure it out either.
No clue lol. Edit - Just checked and wow, they own a shitload of whiskey brands including Clynelish which I did not know. Off hand peated, looks like they own Lagavulin, Caol Ila, Talisaker, Johnny etc Guess I never realized how large Diego is, good lord. They own a shitload of companies across all markets.
I've actually been looking for a pair to replace my old Neumoks and can't really find anything thats similar and casual like for jeans etc. Any suggestions?
I love Bunna 12 but it's a fruity sorta briny bomb to me, nothing even remotley near smoke. The Battlehill 6yr Bunnahabhain I have though is a butterscotch walloping peat bomb.
&gt;Dead to Me Renewed for Season 2 as well! "I meditate, in my own way....."
Ehhhhh ER is anything but consistent. Last 6 bottles of mine have ranged from mehh to awful furniture varnish. Variation years ago but not like now. Just had a pour few weeks ago at bar and it was blahhh. Actually had a thread about that inconsistency on here. However the ER Pick I have from Turtle Creek right now is phenomenal and on par if not better than picks years ago. I think it's the best ER Pick I've ever had.
Not that unusual. Just a partnership agreement. I know GCs like that, instead of paying them ahead for work, they do the work, and make X % of whatever profit is upon selling. Sure may cost you more in the end, but at the same time your not using funds upfront, and by the GC doing that (for the most part long as work is done correctly) their taking part of the risk as well as they don't get paid untill selling (and that's if you even make a profit)
Do pork belly various ways, it's rich and savory. I'll do it in sous vide or oven or on the Egg etc. Pairs well with pretty much anything, wine, beer, whiskey...
Battlehill 6yr Bunna. Knocked my socks off, under $45 and awesome. Far better than I expected. Cask strength smokey butterscotch/toffee bomb. That butterscotch flavor is what's so crazy as never gotten that in Bunnahabhain
Far as I know it's only at Total Wine as well as other battlehill offerings. Think it's Duncan Taylors IB line specifically for Total Wine. $42 here lol, killer bottle. Was hesitant given older Battlehill reviews kinda mixed, but was pleasantly surprised.
Other craft distillers have pulled off offering good young distillate at reasonable prices. Case in point, New Riff, had a bunch of theirs SiBs. Usually what, $50 or so. Meanwhile I had the 2yr and 3yr Peerless Rye and the 2yr was utter undrinkable shit swill, and the 3yr though not as bad still was awful. Except those bottles were $120+. Meanwhile New Riff Bourbon and Rye is around the 40-50 buck mark and runs circles around Peerless.
B/c the running joke is generally any positive reviews with the TX brands, are generally from people living in TX. Even online groups when mentioned positively, check location, and 99% of the time their in TX. I have two friends there that even think that stuff, Ranger etc is better than GTS, ECBP, Batch 9 Stagg etc when group of us did blinds. My one buddy brought a couple bottles of TX brands, he was adament they were better than all, obviously he was alone in his thinking our of like 7 or 8 peeps over haha I hit up a number of the distilleries there, and don't really recall actually liking anything. My buddies wife gagged with Balmorhea, was like she didn't know whether to spit or swallow lol But I do think Balcones was better than the others, especially Garrison.
Yeah Iron Wolf was cringe inducing lol. Balcones reminds me of MB Rolland, with that heavy corn profile. Agree on savory part, TX offerings are more like scotch. But I love my scotch, especially peaty ones. There's a distillery near me that no whiskey yet, but their doing vodka, rum, gin to start, but I wasn't a fan at all lol. Thank god for the killer brewery next door lol. Felt bad, the workers were awesome and very cool, but the booze was.....
Haven't had Bowmore but Ledaig 10 is way fuller bodied and richer than Laphroaig 10. Ardbeg 10 as well is another good option, Port Charlotte 10 etc
Was just at Total Wine twice this week. Was normal durring week. Saturday, everything was 10-20+ higher. Bunnahabhain 12 was 65 now, vs 53. Personally think their pulling a bs scam capitalizing on "old" stock under new prices. Other chains here haven't pulled that bs as distribution will go quite awhile to hit that new stock tariff pricing. Not even private stores, just left one, all normal. Heard from others in other states same thing, that other stores are fine so far, but their Totals jacked up prices. Feel like Total is pulling a bs move and jacking up stuff they currently have in storage and on shelf which is total bs as that would be pre-tariff pricing. I like Total wine but this is a fuck you to the consumer imo.
I know, and I've been getting way further into scotch than bourbon this past year. Ouch on pricing....
Aligning and step-less mod is about it. But the Rocky itself is just a limited grinder, right down to the burr set. I had my Rocky same time as my Vario, Preciso and Super Jolly back then, and it was simply outclassed as far as grind quality and taste even by the Preciso. It's a better brew grinder than it is espresso. Imo your way better off going to a better dedicated espresso grinder.
The proof is what kills Lag 16. Felt like 8 was much better. 16 is begging for more proof to bring it together, wish it was 46-50%
Makers hit a home run last year with RC6 release. Shame it's not going to be a normal offering. Guess we'll see at the end of this year what the next limited release may be like (since word was their going to do this yearly).
I would totally agree with that on ER, except store picks. I have a store pick right now from Turtle Creek that's mind blowing, as good or better than picks years ago. However regular ER, fuckin gag. Last 6 bottles have been utter swill, like cardboard, earth/dirt, and blended with nail polish remover, one of the bottles was so bad it was literally undrinkable, as if it were actually rebottled Walgreens nail polish remover it was that bad. Even random pours at bar, but Picks have been top notch. I used to buy it for years and imo they fubar'd the line and QC dropped big time, the Picks are being cherry picked, for a reason, and the shit swill is being bottled as reg ER. Samething for BT Picks, way better than reg BT. Had a thread about this like 2 years ago https://www.reddit.com/r/bourbon/comments/9pl3jt/eagle_rare
Unfortunately in FL, especially South your sol. TW destroys private shops for selection. They've put almost everyone out of business last 15 years or so. Like I love Ledaig 10, you won't find that anywhere else here but TW. Their Bourbon selection is tops as well here. I do order some stuff online, places like hitime will ship here.
Lol I think they poured you something else by accident before. This shit is wretched, it's right down there with Winchester, not sure which is worse....
Lol this bottle should be priced under $20, taste like a typical entry level HH. The old one was barely passable to me, it drank exactly how you'd expect, like a cheap bottle except it was priced accordingly. The new one is barely, and I mean barely different. Buddy got a bottle out of curiosity. Mehhh, ridiculously over priced. Funny thing is you'll see people in online groups posting pics of it like "finally got this gem,heard excellent things, paid $65" Lmao. Potatoes never disappoint for entertainment. You got yours pretty cheap, I've seen it even when travelling, just saw it in CO and was 45-50 most anywhere I've seen it.
I always see people say peanut for Pikesville and Rittenhouse but I don't really get that in either. It's very noticeable in other stuff but not those two, yet I always see people saying that lol? Granted I use those two for cocktails, but have sipped plenty of times just to see.
Oh yeah very heavy on that herbal spice wallop. Great for cocktails but not a sipping Rye like, Willett etc. Find that's common for the barely legal Ryes, their always crazy heavy on that herbal-ness and spice thats overwhelming to me sipping, but works perfect for cocktails.
B/c age stated or not, it's taste barely different from the old 15 buck bottle. Whose cares about age stated when it taste like an entry level bottle at a premium jacked up price, I have NAS and young Scotches that pimp slap older age stated bottles, so that's not a guarantee being age stated. Heck make it 100 year age stated... but what does that matter if it still taste like a 15-20 buck bottle.... Fact is, it drinks like you'd expect it to drink like, a cheap HH bottle. Not a 40-50 buck bottle where it gets absolutely murdered by other offerings nas or otherwise. Heck Rebell SiB 10yr is HH distillate, cost only a little more and is leagues better, you get what you pay for there. This should have been priced no higher than $25. I'm not saying it's bad, was just mehh to me in taste, what I'm saying is its just way over priced. I've seen it here and elsewhere travelling for around $50 on avg, ex, that's what I pay for Bowman SiB, which is like comparing a Corolla to a Porsche for similar price, easy choice which to get.
Yeah high Ryes and barely legal Ryes taste night and day different. I use barely legals for cocktails and high like Willett 4yr or Bulleit 12 (old Forester Rye as well) for sipping. Love Pikesville for cocktails but it's overwhelming trying to sip it with that certain spice and herbal notes that are characteristic of barely legal Ryes.
Huh? Lmao, might want to use the logic part of your screen name but nice try at trolling.....
Yup that's common notes with Batch 9 Stagg even with pros, oh wait, you haven't even been within 10 miles of Batch 9. So what's your trolling point again? Lmao, if your gunna troll try to use that logical part of your screen name and try harder.
I have a Signatory 9yr Mortlach that I've been lukewarm on. So far other Signatory(s) had have been meh, which is odd is all I mainly see is people raving about them. But yeah that's disappointing to hear in your case especially for a 16yr old. The one I have right now is only 9yr but it's very thin and light (like super light), especially noticeable on an ice rock where it gets washed out fast. That was my first Mortlach though so not sure what their bottles taste like in general.
Lol, my Total Wines past week, jumped way the fuck up, 10-20+ a bottle vs few days earlier for ones affected by the tariff. Even the Battlehill Bunna 6yr I just bought at $42 is now 55 or 58. Bunnahabhain 12 is 65 etc. That's a lot more than a "-2.63%" increase lol
Bingo, can't compare like that especially in state control, I'm in FL and we've just seen a large price increase across bunch of bottles. Same for friends in CO, one of which owns a shop.
Battlehill current stuff is actually pretty damn good, the 6yr Bunna I have is insanely good. Cask Strength, ncf, and crazy unique as peated Bunna but also a butterscotch wallop, hell of a bargain for $42, that's be like getting a Porsche GT3 new for like 90k lol. Seems from chatting with others the line has improved immensely from the old BH stuff, I was actually hesitant with the line from old reviews. Previously TWs prices were always solid and consistent here in general though, even for Bourbon, walked in and picked up another Rockhill Farms for $53 lol Not just BH though, ton of other bottles went way up. Local Shop I stopped by today just got a shipment in and their raising prices as well. Ouch... I need another Ledaig 10, that was already 65, curious what it is now... Ugh
I love Rebell 10yr, but we only get that and the nasty ass Rebell 80. I don't know why 100 doesn't get distributed here nor others areas out of state when travelling, but I'll see the gag me 80 and awesome 10yr SiB.
Don't know anything about that machine but if it's an E61, how is it heating up fast? That would be a first, E61 is E61. My Profitec 300 heats up fast but it uses a ring group design, BDB does as it has a seperate controlled heater in the group. I'm scratching my head at how an E61 can heat up fast? My Lucca M58 needed like 30-40 min to be temp stable. That's the one thing I love about the 300, thing is ready to go and temp stable in less than 10 min from flicking on. Great when friends are over and someone wants coffee, or espresso martinis like my buddies wife lol
Can't remember with 46, 46 Cask Strength was extremely limited though. Word was they'll continue doing these yearly limited releases, but no clue what will vary or if that will just be the RC6 line from here on? Private Selects are still top notch though, especially the TPS one we just cracked.
That finish is what I really like as well with reg Clynelish 14. Something about that kinda waxy dry finish I enjoy.
If you enjoyed it you should play around with their Private Select line.
Sonofabitch..... That looks delicious
The big difference is where the old stuff is vs new crappy BMH. The old stuff was solid but nothing special, just good all around. However compared to the utter shit swill the new BMH line is, they are leagues better. New stuff is so bad, as bad as Winchester, Hudson Baby etc. Except that swill is about $100. There is no way possible anyone likes that new stuff out of Oregon. Can't believe people fork that $ over for it, be like paying $200k for a Yugo lol.
Have a Batch 9 breathing for almost 2 years. It's the King, been so cool seeing how it changed with air. I just pull it out for tasting once in awhile, it's my last Batch 9 and pretty much off limits to everyone unless I pour some for friend that can appreciate it haha. I wanted to see how it changes over time. Have no problem with them pouring other stuff, even killed last two GTS with friends, but that Batch 9 is almost off limits lol.
Anyone buying OWA that cheap is buying from stores that still sat on old stock or haven't run their course through distribution contract who held back old stock especially when people see it randomly at that old price. Otherwise they'd all be losing money, and nobody is losing money in this market lol. I have friends that own distributorship and ex-in laws do up north as well, can't get around that msrp raise, unless your willing to lose money for whatever reason lol There will always be cost difference with bottles in various states, even Total Wine will have different prices for same exact bottles. But with something like OWA or anything else where msrp is set and you have fixed cost on wholesale side, can't get around that. That's why even control states raised their price for it, Ohio actually bumped it up twice if I recall last year.
SiB = single Barrel, SmB = Small Batch
I don't know about the MRC but I find my Port Charlotte 10 very sweet as well. Noticeably moreso than Ardbeg 10 etc
Don't pay attention to anyone that says don't freeze its bad for beans, they were dropped on their heads as kids lol. I've been freezing for like 10 years for espresso, I'll vac seal in bags good for about 3 days worth of shots each, pulling out to defrost as needed. That old myth has been disproven for so many years. Even guys like Howell etc have been proponents for freezing both greens and roasted coffee for years and years now. Howell even freezes his rare micro lots so he can offer them in batches over upcoming years vs blowing through. When it's done correctly freezing works. Both fridge freezer and deep chest. Now where people may have issue is if they have an old fridge whose freezer is wack for temps and defrost cycles etc.
Oh god yes that Beam Black, someone gave neighbor that bottle lol. I think we all gagged trying to sip it.
Handles are $32 here, unbelievable value. Hell I'll pour way more expensive bourbons or especially scotch and have no problem pouring WT101 next or end of night. It hits all the right notes, is enjoy able neat, on an ice rock, or cocktail. Current handle is an LL/FF, so good. Especially after whatever magic WT did when they cha ged some stuff and blended in older aged distillate last 2-3 years. Quite a difference between WT101 now vs before.
I don't see New Riff being acquired for awhile and def not top $. That sector of acquisitions as slowed down, even in the beer markets. Look at Constellation, their letting Ballast Point go for a fraction of what they acquired for (fuckin 1B) that deal never made sense. Right from the beginning I was like wtf iq of 5 person did that deal (I consult in acquisitions and secondary markets). If they do get acquired, I think people would be shocked at low the $ is now with acquiring companies in this sector. I've seen a few of the deals or heard from others and was shocked, nowhere near what I've seen people estimate online for X company being bought lol (and no not naming names). Same for brewery by me, they held off massive offers from 2014-2017, thinking it would get better. Even though they expanded more and revenues and profit were way higher. They finally sold last year for less than half of the offer same company made in 2016, like 10s of millions off, ouch. Even Inbev etc have slowed down and are extremely picky about buying place up now vs before where they were throwing money left and right lol. Were entering a big risk and caution in the markets as a whole, can't have a bull run this long indefinitely. I don't know if we will see a true recession, or a big pull back that will be stagnant for years. But what I've seen on secondary markets is the reins are tightening up. I'm actually impressed with what New Riffs done, not only their distillate which is at the top for craft distillers. But their distribution is way better than I expected. I didn't think we'd see it down here in FL for years considering how wonky distribution can be, nope, Total Wines here have been getting a shitload of their SmB, SiB, and reg Rye since last summer (not the SiB Rye for whatever reason). Had pry 5 or 6 batches of the SiB.
Uhhh scotch has jacked up last two weeks or so here from tariff implementation, both chains and private stores. Some of the bottles I just bought, went back to get backups, all were now 10-20+ bucks more than week or two ago.
Can confirm... Ouch
If potatoes start tatering my Bowman SiB I'll make mashed potatoes out of them....
That's their yellow label/basic bottle though, personally that one is gag inducing to me. I do love their BP Picks though. There is still lots of cheap bottles like that, but they all drink, well, like cheap booze. Minus WT101 which is like a buck more. WT101 though is only $32 here for handle, now that is the bang for the $ bottle. Not only excellent distillate but hell of a value.
EW SiB and WT 101 you can't find? That's like someone saying they can't find a McDonald's or any other fast food joint (gag though).... Both those are here 24/7 and any other state I'm in as I travel alot for biz and personal. Never not seen WT 101 out lol. I buy handles constantly. Where in the world do you live that those are gone as well as Michters like you said?
Nice, just checked and Seelbach ships here
Especially since somehow I missed the last one lol.
Lol So we just sign up once and get the chance to buy each (3) picks when available? Or just 1?
Awesome
Far more money involved especially in carried over operational cost if distilling their own. Plus we're heading towards another recession or a long stagnant pull back, money is already tightening up on secondary (in general for all industries) which is a tell tale sign. So let's say distilleries have caught up and aged at least 4 years, who knows where the market (economy) will be at that point. As this market is so unprecedented and majority of stocks/companies way over valued another tell tale tipping point. Problem is this is such an odd market it could happen tomorrow or 5 years from now, nobody has a crystal ball. Even something like auto loan defaults has been rising more and more, credit defaults (CC etc). The next bubble burst has been called for credit, so those latter two make sense. Plus I'm sure they'll be pickier as unlike craft beer, almost 95% of craft distillers put out utter shit swill. Literally a handful like New Riff that are producing solid distillate of their own and priced fairly. Wouldn't be surprised though if someone were to offer and take a % stake in New Riff as their doing everything correctly even pricing fairly and their distribution ended up being way better than expected. But my point was I think if people actually saw the #s they'd be surprised at how low some companies are being acquired for or stake wise for investment. Vs prior years where large conglomerates were throwing money left and right at every booze sector including rum. Diego actually just sold off some inclusing Myers Rum to Sazarac not too long ago.
In the last year I've actually swayed way more towards scotch lol. I just bought a bunch of bottles, like 15 or 20 traveling and driving back with new truck I bought out of state. All scotch except a handful of stuff like EHT SmB, my Bowman SiB, ER store pick and two 4r Barrel Picks. I've been on peaty run lately.
Tariff does suck...
Ritt is basically Pike but 2 years younger and 100 proof but yeah it's even more harsher. Great for cocktails though, that's usually my go to, just wish it was in handles Just not a fan of sipping barely legal Ryes even on ice rock, vs higher Ryes. Or oddball Ryes like Old Forester Rye which is heavily malted barley, but on flip side that one sucks royally for cocktails (unless you want your drinks to taste way to sweet like bubblegum lol)
Their SiB Rye yeah we don't get here for some reason, we get the BiB Rye and Bourbon and SiB Bourbon, but not the SiB Rye. No clue why lol
I could just picture the frenzy of people willing to sell their soul for an MC Pick haha
Well that's def a unique hack haha. I did doserless mod to my SJ years ago and similar blower hopper attachment for single dosing. If SSP burr sets were around then I would have kept it. I would easily choose the SSP SJ even with additional work flow, like you said all that matters is taste and grind quality. Friend has a Niche and it's fine, just typical larger conical profile, imo no comparison to flats let alone SSP burrs. Those will crush large conicals for taste even on light roast. Can appreciate the Niche for what it is, heck it cost less than when I had my hand grinding HG1 lol. I don't know if you do brew/pour over but since someone mentioned it, the Niche doesn't compare to pour over against my steel burr Vario side by side fwiw. SSP burrs are that good. But yes, as I owned a modded SJ, it can be quirky to use like that. Trade off. Regardless though for myself, I way prefer flat profiles whether brew or espresso, light roast or medium.
Sette and Vario latter which I've had for like 9 years lol. Sold other grinders as can't fit anything else under cabinets and don't feel like hand grinding so bye bye HG1 and ol Voodoo modded Pharos. And been waiting for Monolith orders for flat as missed the last two batches. But who knows when it'll happen again, and pry will be concial next as that was skipped last time. Ugh lol. I'm waiting to see when their next order opens and if conical, then I'll likely get a Atom 75 to hold me over and rig the setup on the other counter of kitchen which don't really want to do but won't have a choice with the height even with short/blower hopper.
No I found it very easy to dial in, that's odd. What beans are you using? An adjustment that small wouldn't make that big of a difference. How old are the burrs, or have they ever been replaced?
Ehhh Blantons was always kinda lukewarm/mediocre in reviews even years and years ago. We (and friends) used to buy it to keep as a mixer as it "looked" fancy for when people were over and was cheaper than it is today. But it was always an average bottle if that. We've done so many blinds and it's always near last place range. But I do buy my SFTB when I can. That is the Blantons that's worth it. Even harder to get though now vs even 2 years ago due to potatoe tater tots. I used to randomly see it in Bahamas taking boat over to fish even at no name stores lol. However I used to recommend it as a gift (Blantons) b/c of the presentation. Now I usually tell someone to get EHT SmB which for me is way better but like the bottle and presentation is still good being in the bottle box and label looks good etc, plus for the most part more available. I was just in GA and it was everywhere stocked full at every store I stopped at. Grabbed it at an ER Pick (Turtle Creek) and the pick ended up being pry the best ER Pick I've ever had even going back years ago, killer for $35,and makes regular ER taste like swill in comparison. Sadly I only get picks out of state as never seen ER Pick here and most places in FL don't even do let alone know what picks are lol.
Yup that time frame is accurate lol. Even for reg BT here, used to always buy handles. Come about 2017, poof. And still to this day it's extremely random to see and allocated sometimes on the counter at TW with limit of 1 per person for the 750 lol. I was just at another TW few weeks ago and they had 1 handle, they were like this is the only handle we've gotten in 2 months. Just 1 handle lol. Bought it for a buddy as he does love BT. Edit - also reminds me of a bar by me that was their house pour (BT), they had to switch to OF 100 as even on wholesale side it was so limited for distribution especially here in South FL, heard the same from other bars/restaurants. They would do $5 smoked Old Fashioneds with BT for happy hour, which to me was a killer deal.
114 Smooth? Shits like lava for its proof even against my 130+ proof bottles. I don't mind it for cocktails but it's by far not "smooth" and quite harsh in profile so heavy on spice. 101 I'd agree with, even moreso than regular BT or EC etc. It's more refined but it does have a very heavy and stronger profile that some may not agree is "smooth". Find EC quite harsh except for EC Picks. If anything I'd say EW SiB is smooth especially at price point OP looking at.
The 114 proof is only 1 part, it's very very heavy on Rye spice so it feels and drinks way hotter than it's proof. And I have plenty of higher proof bourbons and scotches, 114 still makes me go ahhh shits hot lol
In this case though it's a throw back to prohibition Era when OF and handful of others were the only distilleries allowed to distill but for "medicinal" purposes lol
I really just bought handles for mixing, not really a BT sipper except store Pick BT which are great for only few more bucks. Bar by me even did their own barrel pick for BT, was excellent. They did flights with regular BT and ER and barrel pick BT and ER to show people differences which was cool for those that hadn't had or even know about that
Yeah OF Rye is def better neat sipper than over ice, and especially cocktails, it's awful in cocktails lol.
Bar by me that did their own barrel pick of BT and had pick of ER, they would do flights of them with regular BT and ER. Even that BT pick was quite better than reg ER (which I'm not biggest fan of after having like 6 off bottles), the ER Pick was solid. But it's funny thinking about that as the ER Pick (turtle creek)I have right now is mind blowing good.
Someone else mentioned this to me but have no idea where to get it, looks like some places outside the US. If you have a TW near you try Battlehills 6yr Peated Bunnahabhain. It's excellent. These young Cask Strength peated bottles are so good. Way better than I expected
Not off hand but I do know a shitload of people have had issues with authentic stove tops off Amazon. My neighbors ordered one and it was literally like a cheap Chinese wannabe of a real Bialetti. My mother has a bunch all different sizes, but you pretty much grown up on that here in South FL even if not Cuban lol.
Shit is the bomb. I can't wait to explore that BH line further. Plus even with the tariff increase their still very fairly priced, they may be young, but your getting Cask Strength ncf etc bottles. They have other peated stuff from Benriach, Ardmore etc I just love that young punchy stuff. Same reason like Lagavulin 8 was way better to me than Lagavulin 16 which was a huge bland watered down let down to me. Was so pissed I paid $115 for that bottle after all the "praise" it got on here and I finally pulled the trigger. Lag 8 blew it away.
Was in first class lol, still out. Untill last year and on 7 flights now where whiskey/bourbon was out. That's never happened to me before and I fly alot lol
They had JD but regular JD I just can't drink, now if they had JD SiB or BP.......
AA always has Woodford, but I can stand Woodford haha :( I usually fly Southwest and United, hard to beat for points, especially to CO where I'm always in and United kills it on pricing and arrivals/departure for me. Even southwest was like 5x the cost for this trip.
Never even seen a RR10 pick. Edit - oh you meant SIB Pick. I love my Picks, but I've never gotten that nasty metallic note that I get in RR 10.
It's like maple bacon and smoked meats somehow rebottled. Love it (Ledaig 10). Seeing reviews of their other IB type stuff others do, that seems to be a trademark (bacon for dayzzzzz) Got a bunch of other peated bottles and none have that bacon/smoked meat note like Ledaig does.
Just checked and my TWs have that stuff (various Langs) now I'm totally curious as their stupid cheap, ncf, and 43-46% abv.... I mean hell that's worth a try even if just to use as a cocktail base. Surprisingly gets decent reviews, didn't expect that... If you want really good TW brand, the Battlehill IB line, so far imo is excellent for the $. Especially the 6 Year Peated Bunnahabhain. Cask Strength, peated Bunnahabhain, ncf, for $42. Though with tariff increase its like 55 now but still great value. I was sipping it last night even over Uigedail, Port Charlotte 10, Ledaig 10 etc
How long have you been drinking? How big are your sips? I mean if your trying to gulp it, it'll burn. That said majority of my scotch/bourbon is higher proof, I'll drink Stagg Jr, Uigedail etc no prob neat or ice rock. You just get used to it. If your starting out any of that higher proof stuff is gunna wallop you.
16 is mediocre to me, was so let down by it after seeing how many raved. Lag 8 curb stomps 16. Especially for what 16 cost that stuff should be much better, higher proof, ncf etc. Probably one of the biggest let downs ever had with scotch. It's ridiculously overpriced here, about $120 now. But I honestly wouldn't even pay $40 for it again. Since you like Ardbeg, like others said you would likely way prefer 8. I would take Ardbeg 10 over Lag 16 any day.
Be thankful lol, in South FL our Costcos are more like hey would like some Kirkland Bourbon (gag), Jack Daniels (double gag), Knob 100 or reg Makers (meh). And then maybe Kirkland 20 (yum). Other stuff like Talisaker is all priced same or higher than Total Wine etc here. Meanwhile I see people post bottles and prices for their Costco and it's like wtf lol. Someone posted pics from. Their Costco of Old Forester 1920 for like $40 or something like that, like, wut....
I guess, but not as sweet as Port Charlotte 10 which is noticeably sweeter than any peated bottle I've had.
I could see this review in a way. Though the two RHF I bought last year were very strong in cherry notes which I enjoyed, there was also a very strong tannic/harsh bite to each bottle like you mentioned. I have to revisit though as I feel like last time I poured, that cherry note was disappearing more and last one open is maybe bit more harsh. Odd, I'll have to pour it again. There is a noticeable astringency that pops out on an ice rock though, kinda off putting. The older RHF, years and years ago were far better no doubt. I like the cherry notes mine have, but they seem off and harsh with that tannin bite. I've found same for EHT SiB and pry why I prefer SmB. Regardless Bowman SiB is easily best of the 100 proof BT offerings. Profile is so good and completely missing that kinda harsh spice and tannic bite that creeps into other BT offerings. It's just more refined.
I think that's what people don't realize. It was always just an average bottle, but it was priced well and wasn't tater'd. We didn't even really sip it, just never really cared for it like that, but I kept it around as a cocktail mixer as it was fine for that and "looked" fancy, friends were the same. It was about $40 and fairly readily available. Then in recent years it crept up to $60-70+ and became extremely allocated, my Total Wines used to have it stacked full on shelfs or pallets on floor. Now, every few months it's more like "we have 1 bottle behind the counter". Be like if a Toyota Camry doubled or tripled in price and became allocated, can't just run to any dealer, than you finally buy one and find out, well, your still driving an Camry but you paid $70k-100k I used to give it more as a gift due to presentation. Now I generally give EHT SmB for that plus it's way more readily available and personally prefer it easily over Blantons. But it has the cool packaging presentation and label/bottle looks nice and it's priced well at $40-50 on avg
Almost $120 here in South FL even chains like Total. Stupid over priced, was a let down bottle for me, Lag 8 crushes it. Even pre-tariff for what 16 cost that bottle should be better, higher abv, and ncf etc. Under 60 hard to say now, I would have a list before, but with tariff increase their all higher. Even Battlehill Bunna 6yr jumped from 42 to 55. Bunnahabhain 12 is now 65-70 vs 53 previously.
Preground is already stale anyway, not gunna get into the whole Lavazza nitro packing gimmick, once opened, falls off a cliff. Fridge is worst possible place for even whole beans due to temps, humidity and light with constant opening and closing, fridge isn't exactly moist but opening and closing does change humidity daily until it stabilizes again, crisper drawers are different. Even vac sealed in a cabinet will stay fresher longer. Freezer otoh is fine and I've been freezing fresh beans for almost 10 years for espresso pulling out as needed to defrost (vac seal in bags good for about 3 days worth of shots). I use my fridge freezer or deep chest. Even done blinds against same beans fresh vs months old frozen. Just finished a couple pounds from Slate. I compared beans years ago as have others from HB etc, from freezing, fridge, cabinet, even sealed in fridge went stale much faster. A better question would be what beans do you plan on using/ordering and what will you do for storage?
Trying to use a blade grinder for espresso is like trying to get around in a car with no tires.
Rebell 10yr SiB is what you need, excellent wheater. Regular Rebell is gag inducing swill. Amazing a company can have that difference of a range. Imagine if Porsche today had a car akin to a Ford Pinto.
I don't think directly, though the 914 was considered a sorta continuation. Porsche did do some funky things like helping on engineering side with Ford on the old Duratec line of V6s way back which many don't know.
What I love about it and Makers RC6/Private Selects/Cask is their so different from other wheaters especially BTs. I can't shake that astringency and red hot candy cinnamon flavor in BTs offerings (minus WLW)
Longbranch is 8yr distillate. With WT101 being a blend, they used so much of their 8yr for Longbranch that's why they started mixing in older distillate into Rare Breed and 101. Which shows in both profiles last 2 years or so as they drink much better and refined than they used to be. It was a rumor when people started tasting the difference, but Jimmy himself even backed that up. I don't care for Longbranch at all, but thanks to it we got killer 101 and Rare Breed now :)
Your gunna have a very hard time finding those lol, that was years and years ago, doubt you'll see that stuff on the shelf, haven't even seen Batch 9 in about 2 years since I bought which is the gem of the lineup. We're on Batch 13 now. Stagg Jr goes by proof for batch, 131.9 is batch 9 etc.
Low - WT 101 Mid - Russel SiB Picks High - GTS (but really I'd say Makers Private Selects, rarely pay more than $80 for bourbon) but lets be real, acquiring GTS at actual retail is slim to none now let alone actually finding it, only happened twice to me and not in years. Generally over $100 bourbon isn't worth it and hits that diminishing point of return, I lean towards scotch at that point b/c 95% of the time your getting your moneys worth and generally just gets better and better more you spend. Like look at Boss Hog, cant believe I paid for that, and was mehhh. Meanwhile same price or less gets you mind boggling good scotch.
Oooof I enjoy OF Rye but it's beyond terrible for cocktails, awful Manhattans, Sours, Old Fashioneds etc. I struggled to finish even half a Manhattan with it lol. I made some drinks for friends and I don't think anybody liked it mixed, my buddy was making wtf faces trying to drink an Old Fashioned with it ha Cocktail Ryes I use Pikesville or Rittenhouse, but on flip side OF Rye is more a sipper than those two Very rare to see someone mention OF Rye for cocktails positively, generally opposite. Makes everything taste like bubblegum due to high malted barley %
I'm one of the ones originally pushing OF Rye way back on here when it launched, tons of us get bubblegum for days with it. I've rarely seen anyone say it's good for cocktails, quite the opposite, even in the industry it's cosidered more a sipper ala Willett 4yr Estate. I Love Pikesville for cocktails but it's way waaaay to herbaly and harsh with that spice note typical of barely legal Ryes for sipping vs higher Ryes. Killer for cocktails though, makes incredible and mean Manhattans, Sours etc Two friends own high end craft cocktail/grub joints, I rememeber even having this conversation with them, neither like it for mixing. Rittenhouse is generally the 'workhorse' Rye at almost any place whether dive or high end. Surprising you don't get bubblegum. That's a typical trait of malted barely in general, that's why so many always mention bubblegum with OF due to its high malted barely %. I've made cocktails with it for friends and don't think anyone liked or cared for it mixed, in Manhattan with dry vs sweet Vermouth it's a little more passable. But I love that they managed to not only put out a cheap bottle, but one that's actually good and very unique let alone being a Rye.
Weird, polar opposite for myself as friends even in industry, never seen it used for cocktails here in South FL and I'm also always in Denver and Chicago almost monthly, just got back and hit up a bunch of bars, also had a very weird Old Fashioned made with Rye, Tequila and Coffee Liqour and still not sure wtf to think about that lol. We prefer higher Ryes for sipping and barely legals for cocktails, find the latter far more harsh and herbaly/spicy for sipping. OF Rye skirts that middle ground but it's def the malted barely that gives it that unique flavor (don't think there's another Rye near that %?). I let some neighbors smell a bottle at party and their like smells like gum (totally different vs Brown Forman banana note, have an OF SiB from store pick here that's crazy strong on banana). I wanna say it's like bubbalicious, one of those old 90s type gums. But that comes out so strongly to me in a cocktail I just can't do it lol, I was cutting it 50/50 with Pikesville at one point. Couldn't drink a Manhattan made with it, was a bit better with dry vermouth vs sweet though, that profile and sweet vermouth made it to sweet for me.
Just poured some, and 101 but I can't taste shit with this cold lol. Even my Ardbeg Uigedail tasted blahhh. But I'm just sipping to help make this cold pass :p
&gt;In fact, it's the end of January 2020 as I write this and the state of Indiana still has not got our shipment of C919 in yet because, and this is currently hearsay, the stores have not sold all of their B519 batches. I wonder what production #s were for B519? It's either they produced an insane amount, or people simply didn't want it. I personally didn't care for it at all, mines still sitting on my shelf 3/4 full since last May or June lol. But it sat stocked full on shelf at every Total Wine here, one of the managers actually told me they've hardly sold any of it and that was like 5+ months after launch. So in December the 3 stores near me all had it still stocked on shelf. And then a week later I hit up two main ones as I'm in both areas constantly, and was all gone. Highly doubt someone bought it all lol, made me think if pulled where the f' do they put/transfer all that stock to? The bottles still literally had quite heavy dust layer on them the week prior so that showed was still old stock sitting. ECBP doesn't last long here, within 4 weeks or so, than "poof". Never seen ECBP sit like B519 did for like 7+ months. I travel quite a bit and still saw B519 frequently. I was just in CO twice and was still sitting lol. C918 is still my jam! That stuff got distributed here and was gone everywhere in about 3 weeks, chains or private.
You lucky mother fucker getting chosen ..... Lol
37.99? Russel SiB on clearance? I pay like $65 for it here and it's worth that all day long lol. Even moreso with store Picks, that's where Russel SiB excells.
Yeah Rittenhouse destroys Bulleit for cocktails. All these years and I swear everytime I've had a cocktail made with Bulleit I'm like mehhh or it taste like flavored water. Was at a bar few weeks ago and their house old fashioned for happy hour was made with Bulleit. Let's just say I ordered 1, and then I was like hey can we sub Rittenhouse and I'll pay difference but they were cool and made one with Ritt for HH price, ironically Ritt was their house pour for their whiskey sour on HH. To me I've always felt Bulleit needs to be aged longer and be 100 proof. Always kinda surprised me seeing people recommend Bulleit for mixing. Even in a Whiskey Sour it gets completely drowned out and doesn't taste like much. Also agree on Pikesville, that's generally my go to Rye for cocktails though maybe only two drinks due to proof lol. Willett 4yr is my sipper Rye.
I think it's becoming more popular even with Scotches, lots of companies are putting out younger and nas bottles but their NCF. And should be. Even my New Riff SiBs are NCF, and imo that's helps greatly when your talking 4yr old craft distillate.
Someone just posted a thread like this on r/bourbon , cool to see the scotch equivalent Edit - lol just saw your disclaimer, it was you u/chubby_fit
The bourbon gods were looking down upon you
Pretty much my thoughts. Balvenie in general is begging for higher proof, Carribean Cask was just "ok" to me and whole time I kept thinking this needs to be higher proof to really bring it together. 50% at least, but even 46% would be nice. Especially on an ice rock where it becomes muted quite fast. Love my rums as well, especially Smith and Cross and Foursquare. I do have a Barrell Whiskey release (batch 004) that's finished in rum cask and crazy good, think that one is around 120 proof or so. Flavor explosion.
&gt;Neither is very pest forward and I was hoping someone here could recommend a bottle that we could both enjoy when that day comes. Assuming that should be peat lol. Since you were thinking of an entry level peat bottle, I'd say Ardbeg 10, it's not bandaid iodine walloping like Laphroaig, and it's actually fairly mellow even though the nose would lead you to think it'd be way more intense. What you should do if you want to explorer peaty stuff or other stuff similar to what your drinking now. Go to a well stocked bar and try small pours to see what you may like vs buying bottles you may not. Not everything peaty is Islay either, one of fave bottles currently is Ledaig 10 which is like maple bacon and smoked meat, that's Island of Mull.
Haven't seen that one but I'm a huge fan of Berry Bros https://i.imgur.com/jEQpuJ2.jpg
Love my ER Picks. Regular ER though, blechh. Shit took a nosedive in quality (or QC in general) like 3 years ago. Don't know what changed, I've had 6 swill bottles and even random pours at bars taste like dreck, earth and dirt and astringent as heck. I used to buy it all the time and pretty much never had an off or even mediocre bottle till starting 3 years ago or so. Had an interesting thread about this like 3 years ago (don't know why the post says 1 year ago?!?) https://www.reddit.com/r/bourbon/comments/9pl3jt/eagle_rare My picks though, for the most part excellent. My TC one is like straight cherry pie, sweet and complex, and ridiculously mellow (in the sense of not a hint of astringency or burn). Buddy bought his first ER and didn't care for it and was so perplexed at the hype, brought some picks over and he was mind blown at the difference, wouldn't think they were even the same brand. For whatever reason he just never tried at my house before. https://i.imgur.com/t9V0Ktg.jpg
Scotch is too broad, depends, there are Scotches far sweeter than my ER Store Picks. But yes it'll be sweeter than say, Uigedail, obviously lol Edit - should clarify that actually as Oogie is pretty sweet with its sherry finish, but it's also a sucker punching peat monster.
FL, but my picks are almost all out of state. ER Pick in FL would be like finding a needle in a haystack and I've heard of places charging ridiculous $ like 70+ for picks that weren't even theirs (distribution can always have outside product). That one above was GA, and picked up 4 other ER Picks there. ABC does their pick here but that stays in their Valut Access program.
That has nothing to do with it. The original contract when Saz bought the distillery was that Saz would continue to distill Blantons brand for overseas distribution. Was never meant for US consumption. They only allowed SiB to be sold here as part of the deal. That's why to this day Takara still owns the rights. Have you ever had Blantons Black etc, blechh. I enjoy my SFTBs though and have for years.
Gold was just recently allowed to be sold here (no idea when distribution will occur), but with a price point at $100 (likely far higher with markup lol). Kinda pointless though when other stuff for cheaper is still much better. Bowman SiB is $50, still BT distillate (though custom mashed and redistilled) and still beat Blantons Gold when I put them all in blind (EHT SiB etc) for friends, actually came our ahead of all BT 100 proof offerings including my RHF. But yeah, alot of people don't know the back history of Blantons with AAI/Takara. They still own the rights to it. They were smart as fuck to have the contract done as such.
If this is your first bourbon, oh boy your gunna come back to this review and be like what was I thinking. Whole World out there. Heck even WT 101 &gt; Blandtons and I say that as someone who buys Blantons SFTB when I see it overseas but that expression is about it. Even from BT themselves, EHT SmB, Bowman SiB etc &gt; it. Be like soneone hopping into a Camry and having their mind blown, not knowing what a GT3, Viper is like lol. Prepare to be shocked as you explore, enjoy your bourbon travels! I'm a scotch guy too. Was sipping an IB Cask Strength release of Caol last night, and Uigedail.
In terms of EC. You need to try EC Picks, I do not like regular EC, too over oaked tasting and dry. But SiB Picks are far better and similarly price, I buy those and ECBP, but reg EC, nope
101 last couple years is noticeably better than previously. Especially last two years. I can't think of another bottle I've had so much of yet never get sick of, neat, ice rock, cocktail. I can pour $$$ Scotches and go right to 101 after happily. If you read u/RareBird101 blog there's some great info to this
Uhhh Private Selects, RC6 anyone? Or Cask Strength. I've had Private Selects that rank up there and better than some WLW bottles I've had. I'd place the party source pick just had over 2019 WLW. Regular Makers though, no doubt there. I don't drink that, and yeah I've never heard of anyone saying or marketing it as upper shelf. But their other offerings are leagues better.
I edited right before. But yeah yeah I agree I've never heard or seen Makers (reg) pushed as upper shelf. Not sure what he meant there? Private Selects etc are def worthy of price though especially given dearth of good let alone wheater availability in general in this sector. PS bottles are pretty much only wheater I regularly keep around, and Rebell 10 SiB if I see it. I'm nursing my last RC6 lol
Am I the only one finding it weird that HH is giving ECBP and Larceny the same batch numbers lol. I've seen people mention A120 or B520 in general online and it's like umm, Larceny or ECBP? Weird, especially considering their not alike with Larceny being wheated mash. Imagine if the Porsche Cayenne and 911 were both called 911s along with same designated model (S, turbo).
Moreso a custom distillate made just for them, I was at the distillery and they too wouldn't acknowledge what it is but that it's made for them. The rumor is a specific ratio of 1 and 2 together, which makes sense given the taste. Someone mentioned 1.5 ratio. Had pry 10 bottles of SiB. Easily the best of any BT 100 proof offering, over Blantons Gold, over RHF
Weird, maybe yours needs some breathing time vs neck pour. Had like 10 bottles of SiB, this stuff crushes Blantons for complexity. I even did a blind with BTs 100 Proofers, and all 6 friends put it ahead of Blantons Gold.
It's funny b/c everyone is losing their minds for RHF especially on secondary right now. Meanwhile RHF last few years is not near as good as it was years and years ago. My last two in the past year have that trademark BT cherry note, but also a very harsh acetone like note that's fairly off putting, it's even more harsher on an ice rock where it takes on a note like your pour was mixed with about 10% of nail polish remover. Meanwhile this is one of the best ER Picks I've ever had in years, and my current Bowman SiB is like it but at 100 proof and notched up higher on baking spices, so refined, not a hint of harshness. That RHF right there the BT cherry note is there but fainter, not as complex, and quite more astringent. Pour it and I go from liking it to ahhh fuck there's that acetone note lol https://i.imgur.com/yu2Z6OV.jpg
Regular ER def, I don't buy reg ER, had 6 shit swill bottles last few years and even at bars randomly trying once in awhile taste like a mouthful of dirt. Their setting the good barrels aside for Picks. My Picks like that one in the pic are excellent. A buddy just bought his first ER and didn't care for it, somehow he never tried at my house all these years. Brought him a Pick, he was blown away at the difference.
I had a 5lb bag of Stupendo recently and found it pretty damn finicky and tough to dial. Which is odd as it used to be fairly easy and consistent. Haven't ordered in awhile so not sure what changed. Both HQ and Vst baskets I've been using ofr years.
Yes, I mean hell your already taking it in the pie hole on Rare Breed. What State do you live in? Not sure who wouid say their comparable, I love both but their night and day different. Rare Breed is 45 here, Russel SiB 65, Picks about 75 give or take. I still buy Russel.
&gt;John J. Bowman/Bowman Bros (I don't care if it is Weller distillate, I've still yet to find a bottle I've enjoyed) It's not Weller, or wheated. Who told you that? It's a custom mash of 1 and 2 for SiB. Even their rare wheated options don't taste anything like Weller or WLW but good luck getting ahold of or tasting that stuff, have a better chance of finding 10 random stores all with WLW sitting on shelf at retail ha.
It's just a decent cut, and it's cheap, it and Tri Tip are what I use for bulk meal prepping. I was buying Picanha for years before SVE mentioned it, and than everyone lost their marbles thinking they found the holy grail of meat lol. Definitely just Brazilian Pride. I still will take Tri Tip over it any day. Both though have gone up in cost due to popularity. Ughh heck remember flank? Used to be stupid cheap 10+ years ago. Now good flank here cost like a few $ less per lb than Prime Ribeye. Sure I can buy Flank at Costco or Publix for 8-9lb but their flanks are meh vs others.
What would differ yours from the dozens upon dozens of others? Just say'in. Everyone's tried to take on Rtic and Yeti and gotten crushed except for some scrap bits here and there in sales if lucky. Sipping my Rtic as I type this. Rtic crushed this field as they offered the same thing and quality of Yeti but cheaper. In using coolers for boat etc. So just curious how or why someone would try to take on that market?
Buy this recently there? Friend up in Chitown sent me pics of one of the Binnys, place got destroyed.
You'll get used to it, or at least most do. Stick with small sips and keep chewing. Or start with an ice rock, keyword ice rock not like 10 fridge ice cubes. If you don't want to make your own get clear ice makers on Amazon, have two in one freezer that make clear skulls and spheres, just keep gallon sized backs filled with them. Me, shit, I can drink GTS, Stagg Jr, IB Cask Strength Scotches, Plantation OFTD (138 Proof funk wallop rum) etc straight up. You'll get there. Nothing wrong with an ice rock either, that should help you more. You just started your journey, what you did was akin to a Budweiser drinker going to Dogfish Head WWS at 18% abv straight out the gate If your using a Glencairn you really need to let it rest for a bit, a glass like that will really focus the ethanol note which for you newer will be overwhelming.
That's a super thin cut, wouldn't reverse that anyway lol.
You have a couple issues. Assuming you mean Rocky grinder. I had one that I even modded years and years ago to be step-less, and it still wasn't as good as my Vario or SJ at the time. 24 seconds and your ratio could be off for whatever beans your using, don't go by some rule like that, dial in for your taste. IE I'm pulling a Brazil from Chromatic right now that I dialed at 18g in and 35g out in about 35 seconds, forgiving bean though and I've stretched it to 40-45 seconds especially for milk drinks ground a little finer. In 10 years of pulling 'spro I don't think I've ever had a single good shot pulled below 25 seconds, that's just too fast. Temp, your temps may not be suited for bean(s) either. You mention good coffee but which coffee? Lots of people mention that and it's either not fresh or from a mediocre roaster at best. Espresso all about controlling variables. I'm also pulling on a Profitec. Even if your other game was on point (beans, dialing, time etc) grinder issue will gimp you limiting your results.
Fwiw, having used a SSP Flat and friends Niche. I would put the Niche ahead of say, Baratza Vario for 'spro (still not as good for brew means as steel burr Vario) and def ahead of Sette (I went through 4 of those damn things since launch, untill even Baratza replaced mine last go with another Vario since my other one I keep steel burrs in). But the SSP Flat Mono, no comparison, has it crushed for taste and profile, but your also talking differences with flat vs conical profiles. I waaaay prefer Flat, and thats coming from someone who once owned a Voodoo modded Pharos and an HG1. Why their using it, no clue. But it is cheap and it's a single doser, so you do have ease of use there and maybe they took into account and risk of abuse/damage travelling (though that's likely not possible given Monos are built like bank vaults right down to tolerances). It's def a lot cheaper though Hopefully should have my Mono next month
If you missed my post, I mentioned at the end to especially let your glass rest if using Glencairns. They can really focus that abv, aka ethanol notes, so if not rested (or not used to higher proofs) it can be way overwhelming to someone starting. Remember old saying, you also taste with not only your eyes but your nose as well ;)
Not sure what your saying, there's Weller SR not Blantons? Blantons and Weller are completely different, Weller line is BT/Saz wheated mashbill. AA isn't wheated either.
I don't know why you got downvoted for this comment lol. But yeah pics friends sent me, look like a bomb was dropped downtown.
And the Peerless 3yr Rye isn't even 1/4 as good as Pike. Pikesville, Willett 4yr,Russel SiB Rye etc run circles around Peerless for less than half the cost. Crazy. I hated that 3yr Rye and couldn't believe I paid 130 for it. The 2yr was even worse, legit wretchedness
Side would be distribution/prep issue. WDT and keep practicing.
Yeah I'm still waiting on RB Rye. Not even TW has it listed on their site here.
That's if you find a good one considering 9 out of 10 of them are inept shitty ones.
It's a co-op in a shitty area, that's why, stay away. I would bet money on that co-op being mismanaged as well.
Oh absolutely and totally agree. But people took this to another level and thought half the planet was going to die. Same people that were never worried about the 2018 Flu season and likely didn't even know just how bad that was, especially in South FL. Our hospitals down here were busier and worse off than Covid all these months, can ask any ER Physician here. But nobody batted an eye, just lived your life like normal, no business closures. Or ignore just how miniscule the % risk actually is (.04% in a bad epicenter area like where I am). You take risk every day, driving car, heck even walking outside we just had a girl on jog get killed from a falling tree branch, it happens. I was put surfing for 2 weeks, if someone told me .04% chance of getting attacked by a shark, I wouldn't be phased by that #. If someone told you everytime you get in your car your taking a .04% chance of dying, highly doubt anyone would care. Just say'in. Point of being cautious, and then bubble boy suited levels of cautiousness. I mean we have people driving all day and wearing same mask all day long, recipe for bacterial infection like even I was told about 2 months ago by doctors in my fam but media was silent. Now their admitting it can cause bacterial/respiratory infections, cases here of that Holy Cross, Broward, Boca, Delray Med etc. Or people, outdoors, exercising or running, in South FL heat and humidity, with a mask on, that had passed out like just happened about a mile from me ona track that runs around a private airport. That's just ridiculous and pure stupidity, and the fear mongering caused this mess. Part of this was all about the agenda of control even in private sector watch what happens now come. Annual fall/winter flu season, watch Gov step in and mandate business have to pull back to 50% etc levels. And then next year and so on and so on slowly taking more rights away and forcing control. Do this, do that, walk here, leave your house at this time, don't walk up that aisle. Heck Delray here you could surf at 1 point but you couldn't boogey board and they were making kids get out of the water, you could in the next city of Boynton 2 miles away. B/c apparently the virus can differentiate between surfing and boogey boarding lol. They were just flexing the power they never had. Here in Broward we have an buffoon of an unelected official controlling us and even fighting against the cities, Bertha Henry, she granted herself extra emergency power back in March and flexed like Arnold on the stage back in the day.
What color is that? On my phone it looks teal.
Weird, on my S9 it looks straight teal in this pic, why I was confused haha. Love leadfoot but went with metallic magnetic on my Plat, ended up loving that paint color. Been thinking about some bronze wheels as well.
Looks like it, my Platinum is MM. Magnetic Metallic takes on different hue depending on light, in sun it looks very sharp and flakey. https://www.f150forum.com/f118/lets-see-those-magnetic-f-150s-315856/index194/ That has some MM with Bronze pics
Depends on tires and wheel setup, some can be very heavy and that extra rotating mass can be noticeable, had a friend run 10 plys on his F150, rode like a brick, and gas mileage tanked. Also on the 2.7 it's very sensitive. Can check even F150forum. Gas mileage drops like a rock on the 2.7 with even a level and 33s depending on again wheel/tire weight setup. Forces heavier into boost. Friends 2.7 on 33s gets less than buddies whipple Lariat on 33s and that truck is putting down like 630 rwp lol. 2.7s work hard, why even towing similar weights around 6k lbs it's pretty off vs the 5.0 or 3.5 The poster you responded too though had 1st Gen 5.0 which is way softer down low and mid range vs the 18+ 5.0 blocks. Heavier wheels and tires especially without 3.73s could make 1st Gen feel lazy.
Oh it's night and day different, 18+ Coyotes are very strong, especially on 93 which it needs at 12:1 compression. Even on factory tune about a 20hp difference on dyno vs 87. They rip, much stronger down low and mid vs before, and highway is like being in a 5500lb Stang.
Ok this is crazy confusing, everyone seems to have a different answer. The main thing I see even on other forums is to only calcute dry not wet. Weigh out dry, and figure out based on your portions (ie 4 servings which for me was 74g each). I'm so confused, as far as I can tell with mahatma the 45g per 1/4 cup (serving) is 160 calories for dry. I just want to make sure I have it calculated correctly in the app to track as that's a big difference to be off. I calculate everything else dry/raw even protein cookies I make with banana, walnuts etc. But rice nobody seems to know how to track lol
So what I did is scan the actual nutrional label as a custom food, which in Loseit lets you adjust on the fly like X grams of whatever. So in the app select 74g and it calacuates based off that. That seems to be right. No clue wtf happened before with the macros calculating weird. Also now that I'm actually tracking. Good lord. I was eating far more rice than I thought. Somehow portioned out 4 ways that's not a lot of rice, yet each portion 263 calories. No wonder when I was going further in bulk I was getting chunky, I was pry eating 2x that each time having rice lol. Prepped some pork belly so about 94g for that is 302 cals and 263 cals of rice. With my Korean sauce I make. Decent meal cap wise, yet funny as it's really not big... Fuck I was eating way more before than I thought haha. I wasn't weigh steaks or anything just eye balling it. Musta been 800+ over tdee ha
Yeah I'm sticking with dry measurement and calculating off that. I saw others mentioning only do that, and than others like weigh dry, weigh wet, divide wet by 5.55 or something like that..... I was like wtf lol. I don't know why anyone would calculate wet anyway, dry makes more sense, make your batch, like about 300g I did last night and portion 4 ways. That makes sense. My issue before was for whatever reason the app was calculating wack macros, that's what confused me. It was way off. I had to actually scan the nutrional label (on Loseit you can scan barcode or nutritional label). That auto populates everything and let's you calculate servings by grams. I don't know why it was fubar calculating previously. It was like 100 calories off. Checking manually now it's correct.
Wut lol. I paid 65 once, generally 80-100 on average most any state I've seen it in. What unicorn land is this you live in where Nikka FTB is $45? That would be below almost any stores wholesale cost. Just bought two more, def not easy. Pretty rare even outside the US, even for peeps in Japan.
Fwiw the 15 is better than the 20 and especially 23. Most bars have the 15 reasonably priced at least near me for someone whose never had it to give a try.
U wut? Which year? What didnt you like? That's a 1st, pry the one bottle held in high regard unanimously 99.9999% of the time. Hell I still miss my 2014 dearly. 10 years of getting into whiskey don't think I've ever seen or heard someone say WLW isn't good lol
That's pretty funny lol. Reminds me of when I kept an old empty Blandtons bottle around and would pour random stuff in it, I had 4r Small Batch in it and few peeps were like omg Blantons finally this is amazing. I've never liked 4r small batch, at all lol. Reminds of the old saying, you eat with your eyes first ;) . Personally I prefer Private Selects over even OWA Store Picks I've had. I can't shake that red hot cinnamon note that's so strong in BTs wheater mash, at least for the regular Weller lineup, it's not really there in WLW.
Their night and day different. WFDO is way too overwhelming maple syrup to me, even smelling bottle or glass after pour is like maple syrup. And that taste carries through. 1910 is like roasted marshmallows and caramel, for me personally it's way better. Very odd that their both BF, both similar processes with extra barrel charring etc, yet taste night and day different. We did blind with friends between the two and only 2 out of 8 preferred WFDO.
Still waiting on this, no clue when we'll get it. Not even Total Wine list it in their pos system on backend here.
Makers Private Select or Rebell 10yr SiB though latter can be hard to find depending on where you live. I've put Private Selects ahead of even OWA Picks.
Staggy Son is yummy, but it's not 10 years nor age stated. Where or who told you that?
I guess if that's your thing, just untill about 3 years ago never had that happen with ER. Picks though are polar opposite, like this phenomenal one, straight cherry pie, complex, and not a hint of that harshness/astringency or that bitter earthy note in reg bottle. Buddy just bought ER, somehow he never tried it all these years at my house but I get a text from him disappointed like I don't get it (hype)?. Brought a pick over and he was mind blown at the difference https://i.imgur.com/ZT6gDIB.jpg Something definitely changed in recent years besides the removal of the technically not SiB process anymore. Even reg BT still taste like BT to me.
Damn. I bought it for hell of it over the years as was still cheap and kept thinking I must be missing something like where are these gem barrels. Only 2 were decent at best out of 8 over the years as was still cheap at 35 even after the bs award wins. Those apparently were barrels that were jizzed on by a bourbon god according to Minnick lol. Rest ranged from meh to legit swill. Would love to sample barrel wins to compare lol I keep this barrel around just for people to try that heard the hype, this barrel is f'n straight wretchedness. The looks on their faces after sipping.... Lol https://i.imgur.com/xvqsnSW.jpg
You mean the "nearly" decade sentence? Ignore, good ol tbb labeling bs. You could have that label on a 6yr or less bottle lol Jr is a blend that averages around 8 years.
&gt;Price: Gifted for review. Suggested MSRP $49.95 &gt;Grade: I will not be giving one since it was a gift from the Buffalo Trace. It did not disappoint. Big flavors like the Weller 107 and CYPB. Cheers everyone.🥃 What kinda bs is this? No score due to it being a gift. No conflict of interest here..... Lol. Ya lost me right at CYPB. Big flavors? CYPB is one of the most mediocre bottles around, 5 of us didn't like it when we poured. Not even worth msrp let alone potatoe tater tots $ on secondary. If that's big flavor, than wow.... Makers Private Selects absolutely destroy CYPB, and I put ahead of OWA Picks I've had. Not that OWA is bad, but com'on,.... CYPB Between that and no score, oooof
I had a Rocky years and years ago. And did the step-less mod, damn near 10 years ago. Still kinda sucked. I had a Vario and SJ and Preciso at the time and all 3 curb stomped it. It's just a wonkey grinder with poor tolerances, built solid, but mehhh for 'spro. Better brew grinder than it was espresso. Supermarket beans are going to be stale, and nasty anyway. Trying to dial those even on a Monolith if you wanted will make you bang your head against a wall. What machine are you using?
Love 101, I can pour high end $$$ Scotches and go right to 101 and still be satisfied right after, or even after a peat wallop like Uigedail etc. Go through a handle or two a month especially with friends using, cocktails etc You like what you like though. I'm sure somewhere out there is someone that enjoys Hudson, or Malort.... somehow lol
Heck even Total Wines recent pick is damn good, W6/F6. Was kinda shocked their pick was as good as it is.
Weird. Not sure how. Only thing I can think of is he isn't a single doser. That would be the only reason. We had the Mono Flat w/SSP and 75 side by side on a Profitec and Slayer. That's a lot of money to just throw two Monoliths into the garage like bye Felicia lol
Scotch and Bourbon are polar opposite, not all Scotches are peated, actually very little comparatively. Not all peat is the same, majority of people that say they don't like peat only had say Laphroaig. Something like Ledaig 10 is like smoked meats and maple bacon, Laphroaig is like use hospital bandaids their iodine note is so high. Not everything peated is same region either, Ledaig is Isle of Mull, and Bunnahabhain is an Islay that's generally unpeated offerings (minus stuff like an IB release for them I have and that one blows bourbon away for the butterscotch wallop).
I mentioned ND OGD as well lol. Old Grand Dad Line when it was part of National Distillers waaaaaaaaay back. Taste night and day different and far better vs 114 today
I've said it way back when it released, bubblegum bubblegum and more bubblegum. Reminds me of those 90s gums like bubbalicous, or maybe fruity juice? People thought I was wacky for saying that, I'm like how are you not getting bubblegum. My neighbor took a sniff first time and was like this smells like bubblegum. I didn't mind it originally, I still give it praise for being really, really unique and different not just for a Rye but for under 30 bottles in general. But I honestly rarely pour it now. That profile can be too much and just don't find myself wanting to pour it again or for weeks lol. I think I liked it more originally as it was so different, but now I'm pretty meh on it. Seen people call it amazing for cocktails, that I have no clue how. It's beyond awful for cocktails, that gum/mint profile doesn't mesh at all for Manhattans, Old Fashioneds, Sour etc. Manhattans are literally undrinkable with it, slightly more passible is you use a dry vs sweet vermouth.
It's the high malted barley in the mash, even in beer world malted barley gives that gum note. It just really pops in this bottle
What store would have both at same price?!? Fairly decent price for SiB, and stupid over priced for SmB. In that case I'd just get SiB and take the gamble. That said, last 5 EHT SiBs, one was pretty good but still not worth the price over SmB for me (75 vs 45-50). Others were average, really no better, and two I'd rank below SmB they were mehhh which when your paying $70-80 sucks taking that risk (vs say Russel SiB Picks that are cheaper and 99% of the time phenomenal). EHT SiB has massive variability, even for a SiB. That gamble just isn't worth it to me in my experience with how consistent SmB is. Honestly though, my last couple New Riff SiBs remind me of EHT SmB, but at higher proof and ncf, same price too. I reach for those more than EHT, love New Riff SiB, think it's not just the proof but being NCF really helps it being 4yr old, drinks way better than it should.
Ritt and Pike are my go to Ryes for mixing. But WT101 as well as even though not a Rye, it has that typical depth and richness and spice of WT that punches through. I honestly use that more than even Ritt, also b/c handles of 101 here are only $32 which is insane value. I've seen people say OF Rye makes an incredible Manhattan. That just has me scratching my head as I legit thought it made an undrinkable Manhattan especially with sweet vermouth.
Agree, which furthers my confusion why people say BT. It had that HH nutty trait. Bowman SiB otoh is typical BT cherry but more refined than any other BT 100 proof offering including Blantons Gold.
U wut lol? Pure KYXO and WFE 4yr have never tasted similar. Never even seen someone say that. I've had countless WFE bottles. Hyped, yes, but that's b/c they drink far better than they should at 4yrs (same for New Riff SiB) and they have their mash and process dialed perfectly for it, 50-60 bucks buy it all the time, or $47 like I just did at Costco. Love it as a sipping Rye. $90 is ridiculous though, wouldn't blame them for that, that's moreso your area. Never seen it marked up near that high.
That's actually what I was told for Total as well. The district/region manager for distribution does the barrel picks. I know they went up and selected their Makers Private Selects as I spoke to one of them. Not sure about all picks though, wouldn't be surprised if samples are sent and than chosen from. But at least for the Private Select(s) was told they go in person to barrel sample given the crazy amount of stave combinations and some Total peeps went with them. Their recent Russel Pick though is solid. W6 F6.
Wow. 4G was mehh, I had two bottles luckily at retail. I honestly left one out as one of the mixers for party just too use up. I posted a pic online and potatoe tater tots lost their minds and almost spontaneously combusted lol. To be fair however I find Four Grains in general to be odd and kinda off putting. I actually don't know anyone that likes them, least not my friends. If anything I felt AD Laws 4G was better than EHT If I knew what taters were forking out for 4G on secondary at the time like 2 years ago I woulda sold the one that wasn't open yet. I can't believe people were forking over $500+ for it lol. Saw it at another store for 900 lmao
Don't really care for either. Only Blantons I'll buy is SFTB. And for wheaters minus WLW I'm not a big fan of BT wheaters, can't shake that red hot cinnamon note that's a trademark of theirs. But if I had to choose between the two, OWA. But I honestly much prefer Makers Private Selects over even OWA Store Picks I've had. And I always buy JJB SiB which curb stomps Blantons and over Gold as well.
GTS is generally reasonably priced vs rest of the BTAC lineup, which some can be ridiculous. 20-25 is what I've paid for 2oz pours. Including places where even regular BT was like 15 bucks Lmao, yeah I'll pay the extra 5 for GTS ha
Besides filling both eyes in (like both black), don't think there's a fix. If you do a new eye, you would still have that cockeyed part, and if that part is just filled in that would look awkward. There's limits to fixes, that's definitely an awkward one to cover up due to what it is, size, and placement. Talked to any artist yet?
I mean let's be real though, Yamazaki 12 is kinda meh and I love Japanese whiskey and have for years, was ok at $60 not $120 like now. Nikka FTB pimp slaps it, heck Nikka FTB is better than my last Yamazaki 18 (of which paid nowhere near what bonkers price is now 2 years later). Lot B is 'ok' which I'm assuming you mean by VW12 but again too many other available bottles including Makers Private Selects that crush it as well for someone wanting a wheater (last one I had was '18 batch which was one of the better releases in years and years). But heck, I'd put some Makers PS up against WLW minus my '14 which sorely miss, TPS Makers Pick was nucking futz. Yet I've never liked WF Double Oaked. 1910 Crushes it for me, both Brown Forman distillate, both basically same process, yet taste night and day different. WFDO is overwhelmingly cloying sweet to me, get nothing but maple syrup note. Vs 1910 being like roasted marshmallows over fire and melted caramel, has more of that toasted char as well which is right up my alley with all my peat monster Scotches especially IBs. I see lots of good readily available stuff mentioned on here. I mean Russel SiB/Picks are pretty much king for availability and what your getting, just picked up two more picks. And 101 like I mentioned is a staple, I'll pour that even after Scotches costing $$$ and still enjoy. Stuff like ECBP etc yeah I'd agree, not readily available, for one it's distributed generally twice a year like Stagg Jr, although both lines had wonky releases this past year. We got 13 here, never got 12, B520 ECBP here never saw A120 or C919. Just picked up two more Nikkas, at $65 which is crazy as I haven't paid that in pry 2-3 years, usually 80 (or higher) https://i.imgur.com/EpcZpBT.jpg
I go through Uigedail left and right, I don't know how you could **not** get smokiness with it. It's a peat wallop. Love it. Oogie is way more intense on peat notes (and sherry wallop obviously) vs 10 https://i.imgur.com/hFVAlKw.jpg
Not even a question, or close, 101. $32 handles for me and I'd easily pay more.
Yeah that's what I figured that commercial may participate but generally state is just given whatever distiller pick.
Ya know I was finishing another regular SiB of theirs, which is $50. And I just honestly love the stuff even though it's young, so paying the extra $ and shipping would be worth it for pick for me even though that's about what I pay for Russel Picks as well. Even with my $$$ Scotches sitting there, I'll just randomly pour a New Riff SiB and it just hits the spot for me, proof and profile wise. I think it's b/c not only do they have their distillate really dialed in, but it's NCF, which imo helps tremendously with young stuff. I have nas and younger Scotches especially IB offerings that are NCF that are fucking amazing even against older age stated stuff from same brand. For some reason the profile always reminds me of say EHT SmB (ironically asked a neighbor once what it reminded him of and he said same lol) yet at higher proof etc It's weird b/c you know it's younger and you do get that youngness yet it's not the off putting youngness note like others, some of which are borderline wretched (ie Peerless)
You pretty much nailed it, and I'm a Turkey Head. Problem is Longbranch is 35-45 here and it's, mehhh. WT101 handles are $32 and 101 is far better. Than you have Rare Breed priced only little higher than Longbranch. For me that'd be like if regular 911 was priced in the middle but GT3 was less, and GT2 only little more... doesn't make sense, right lol. I get they were targeting Longbranch for female drinkers (if you didn't know that was the original audience for them with the line), yet chicks I know that like whiskey, don't like it including one's that like 101. So, flop?
They wanted to target the female market for whiskey/bourbon, with a lower proof "smoother" offering and yeah I guess adding Mr alright alright alright in for that sexual pull lol.... But I think it flopped since release. I don't know any girls that like it that drink whiskey lol. Flip side, they used so much of their 8yr distillate for it they were dumping in older stuff into 101 and Rare Breed and thats why both went up notches in quality. I absolutely love WT101, Russel SiB/Picks, Rare Breed.... Yet if there's two bottles I just don't care for, it's Longbranch and Russel 10yr.
Especially with 101 being cheaper and much, much better. Heck a handle of 101 for me is damn near 10 bucks cheaper than 750 of LB
EC Selects are tits, and I don't even like regular EC. What I wish they did though was EW SiB, 100 proof, and offer barrel picks of that. They'd have a slam dunk on their hands. Let alone the proof (which still don't know why after all these years it's bottled under 90), but I don't know why they don't do picks of that when EC offers it
There's been some solid reviews for the newer stuff (and meh ones like this lol). But I've seen it a couple times now and haven't pulled the trigger, b/c the original release last year was so fricken bad and when I see the newer batches I keep thinking back to the original bottle which was legit hot mess. Especially when New Riff SiB, Rare Breed etc are priced similarly.
This. It's not Floridians, it's the tourist and foreigners. Especially South around Miami, you have countless nationalities all with wack driving skills co-mingled, it's like Mad Max driving down there. I've been at lights, and someone in the middle will just roll right through the red like it's normal, with their blinker actually on Lmao, and turn across the lanes going left (or right) while other traffic turning or going has the green. I travel all over and I never see shit like that anywhere lol. Or all the nj/ny and Canucks that come down that don't know how to drive either, and than go 15 below limit on I95 wondering why their encountering road rage especially hogging left lane like that, or slow way the fuck down in rain, with flashers on which are illegal and even with signs saying turn your flashers off on I95. That right there, you deserve to be rammed off the road and license perma revoked. Shit even as a kid we're taught to not turn hazards on in rain, fuck did these people learn to drive or think that's a smart idea? Other states are the same, even GA your not supposed to and signs as well. What really irks me, we spent a shitload of money extending our on ramps, and people still take forever to get to speed, than try to merge into traffic going 80+ and than wonder why accidents happen. It's ok, you can put your foot down more than 1/4 throttle, your car isn't going to spontaneously combust. Happened other day getting on at Glades in Boca fucker in his truck going slow holding up lane trying to merge than just hits the brakes with blinker on as lane is ending trying to get over, cars went all over the place. I damn near just missed him in my new tuck. What a surprise, Ontario tags lol. When I'm up north, or travelling pleasure/biz I'm always like htf did these people learn to drive, in their home states lol.
Drives me fucking nutz, almost weekly I just cut people the fuck off, do they not realize 80+ is normal speed on I95.... Yes let's take the whole ramp to get to 50 than try to get over into traffic going 20-30 mph faster than wonder why they cause accidents or cluster fucks, genius. I just let the tuned Coyote in my F150 sing and rip up the ramp lol. In Broward we literally spent stupid amount of money to expend on ramps, what a waste. Now those same morons that took forever on shorter ramps to get to speed, take even longer and still go under limit. Should be legal to perma revoke license of people like that.
Basically had them all, being your in Aussieland at those prices your obviously not going to buy both lol, get 10. Their really both fine so if you go 7 cheaper nothing wrong with that. Their not the off profile batches like 9 and 12 that are coveted. I have one last Batch 9 left :(
Why I've passed after last couple releases, actually preferred 1920 more and it's like half the price (or less depending what your store is charging). Shame b/c BB like 16 and prior is much better than last couple batches. They kinda shot themselves in the foot keeping jacking the price up but than making standout offerings like 1910 and 1920 for half the price and now their new BP offering coming out. I got sample pours of 18 and 19 and passed on both at prices they are now. They really need to do something better with BB for what their charging now. Heck I'd rather see a unique like SiB BP offering of 1910 or something like that. Even 2016 and 17 were like 70-80 at Total, now, 150+ (let's disregard wack private shops asking like 500 Lmao). Not bad, just feels like a let down now.
&gt;I'm plagued by Flaviar Ads Are you me señor? Flaviar ads 24/7 for I don't even know how long, I've never bought any thing from them nor care to as neighbor tried it out (sucks)
See, I don't like WFDO not even Picks, never have. For some reason I love 1910 however, WFDO is polar opposite in profile. I get nothing but maple syrup wallop smelling or sipping it, too much for me, like cloyingly sweet. Which is weird as I love maple syrup lol. Vs 1910 being like roasted marshmallows and melted caramel, and the char that comes through hits my peat loving self better. Crazy how both are BF distillate, both similar processes with extra barrel charring etc, yet taste night and day different.
Oh sure people still chase it, Private stores by me will sell it for 300+ easily. But I don't put any emphasis on that, I mean people were forking over 700+ for CYPB that wasn't even worth msrp lol. But for me I remember paying less than 80 even in 2016 at Total and it was just a good solid bottle, last old one I had was 2010 and that blew away current stuff but I don't even want to know what older bottles are going for now. But than comes 1920 at far less $ that regularly beats it out in reviews and blinds even against my last 2016 (let alone recent batches that definitely notched down in quality especially 2018). That's what I meant by shooting themselves in the foot, BB used to be worthy of its name and price, just not today imo. 1920/1910 offer so much at their price points. Be like if Porsche offered GT3 at 150k, but offered a 911 at 60K that basically beat it all around including track. At that point only point to the GT3 is the name/heritage, just like how BB is a throw back. I just feel they really need to shake the line up and improve it at these prices.
Oh yeah that banana note comes through on WFDO, I don't recall it really on any 1910, maybe a tad hint. But that trademark OF/BF banana note no doubt punches through on WFDO, I think it's that and the sweeter profile that throws me for a loop lol
Has there been any update on that? The talk was May/June/July release for new 100 Proof SiB and new BP variant, but that was right around when beerflu hit going fubar on everything. Haven't heard anything since?
Porsche could barely keep up with demand last few years, wait list for manual GT3s and people were paying like 30k+ markups for a couple years for manual car when they brought it back, untill recently. Can still be a wait time, Champion which is the largest Pcar dealer in the world is 10 min from me. Good thing though is used GT3s have been dropping in price, keeping my eye on them. Neighbor races prepped Cayman with built motor etc, I used to track a Viper. Though just bought new 5.0 Platinum F150 that's going to be whipple lol. But yeah I guess I'm just looking at it differently, their mid range is solid, lots of good offerings at good price points specifically 1910 and 1920. I mean I put OFBB in blinds with 1920 with some friends, and 1920 always came ahead. And now they have SiB Picks coming back but at 100 proof which is what I've asked for for years, and new BP bottle which I can't wait for, that BP should be killer and unique against say ECBP or Staggy. Think that's my issue is I bought a number of times 2016 and prior, 2010 being oldest though had older pours before. But bottles were fairly available fall time at Total and priced well under 100, and better than it is today. So now when I taste BB and at 150+, it's not bad it is good, but I'm always like mehh and feel letdown now b/c I think back to how much better it used to be and way cheaper. And I could walk into Total and buy easily fall time, now even Totals here may get 1 or 2 bottles if that. I got offered the 1 bottle store by me got but I already had a '19 sample so I passed, and it went up to 150 vs 120 for 2018 I definitely agree though it's one of those good special occasion type pours, the bottle you bring out not really b/c it's better taste wise, just the whole idea behind it (presentation of the bottle, heritage, limited availability etc). Edit - speaking of Porsche now just watch review on new GT4 mmmm. Still have to do the trans gear swap though like last time.
There's two bottles that are without a doubt pains, BB and Nikka FTB. I love Nikka FTB (just bought two more backups), and I love the bottle shape, but fuck your almost forced to pour huge fast gushes and try to stop in time especially in the beginning when full otherwise it'll just run down and pour out the glass dripping all over as it's really short and small spout. Look at that little nub of a spout lol https://i.imgur.com/ddxZXlp.jpg
Love making CB but curious what is your recipe? I always find myself playing around and changing things slightly.
4th July is open? All beaches are closed here and cities/counties canceling barge fireworks etc. Some cities like in Broward said they'll still do some type of show but from undisclosed location and that majority of people will be able to see from their houses.
Those are so different from each other, like saying Toyota Camry or Porsche 911 (not that either are) just as an example lol. Completely different taste and profiles.
Ryes I always keep stocked, Pikesville, Rittenhouse (Pike baby bro at 4 vs 6 years and 100 vs 110 proof), Willett Estate 4yr, and Russel SiB Rye. Pikesville and Russel SiB Rye are hard to beat for quality and availability
Nikka FTB is the one bottle I don't let anyone pour except me lol, my buddy went to pour it and was like 50/50 in the glass and out the glass. Don't want to waste my FTB lol
&gt;EHT Four Grain in a style bar last year in Pensacola, FL. The fact that the environment was laid back, with very little in the way of other scents and sounds to distract from my experience made it very disappointing that the pour was kinda...just okay Don't let the bar influence that, I had two bottles of 4 Grain, it was a meh/mediocre pour regardless lol. I actually left the last one out as one of the mixers to use up at a party and posted a pic, potatoes lost their minds like they were about to spontaneously combust. Both luckily at retail. Don't recall a single friend of mine liking 4G either. I find Four Grains in general to be weird, AD Laws 4G was better imo than EHT but still mehh
If you can find AD Laws 4G give that a try, that was better than EHT. But that's not saying much, 4Gs are just weird.
My dude, you do not want to inject daily no matter how you feel short term. You'll totally regret it in the future as basically anyone that has done so does. You need to look at other options imo at that point like gels or pellets vs daily injections, I'd discuss that with your doc and see.
Bingo. Look at what true covid patients are in general, I'm talking ones actually very sick in hospital. Straight from doc family/friends and nurses I know that are even in the ICU units where covid patients are kept seperate. Obesity, other health related issues and underlying trouble, heavy smokers of which respiratory illness in general will wallop, been a number of those I can tell you first hand at Broward Health here. There was a cop here that died from it recently, once again comes out heath issues, over weight, blood pressure, heart medication etc. Was actually re-assigned to office duty and not street due to that. Very very miniscule % are truly healthy. Was glad to go back to the gym, people don't realize what that does mentally not just physically. I felt like utter shit even trying to workout at home or run, same for friends, it's like depression set in super fast with how everything changed. I like my routine and weights, 4 weeks later now feel incredible again. Tracking cals and protein, and already lifting more than Feb/March. At my gym, I'm 38, and if anything the larger group of people are in the 50-70+ range. You know, the ones that should be most worried with this, but studies have already shown how even less risky than it already is if your actually healthy. We do have to wear mask though, that's being enforced now and fined if not (code enforcement doing random checks). And people are proactive disinfecting and cleaning machines and weights. There's even a bunch of disinfectant bottles to grab when you walk in so you have your own. Believe me, the mask royally sucks working out and breathing harder, but I'll gladly wear to be able to workout. Some people are annoyed but like I told one chick just be glad the gym is open. Hilarious thing though, when this was going down and LA and other gyms shutdown. You could read through thousands of comments on their pages of people that were glad and "we don't need gyms" "gyms are bad", meanwhile their pictures looked like they sit on the couch all day and eat 10 bags of potatoe chips lol. Or "I don't know why people go to the gym anyway, there's no point, I don't understand it...." said by a chick who looked like she couldn't lift 10lbs and looked like she never set foot within 20ft of gym in her life. Those same people that are highly likely in the hospital in sickly condition that you, myself, and others tax dollars are going to....
Funny thing is nobody at my gym (LA Fitness) or previous gym that looks like that. Heck I have 1 sleeved tatted and look like normal chilled dude, who just happens to lift and be in shape lol. Ironically more chicks I've seen tatted than dudes. This whole time, even back in March, they can't even trace anything to gyms here. 2 cases, that's it. But meanwhile protest with thousand and thousand of people are allowed...... but god forbid I bbq with 5 people I'm a grandma killer and cause for end of civilization. Meanwhile I have family members that are ER docs here, and few other states including CO and CT, as well as the nurses I know with two on my street alone that are in the covid icu wings here in South FL. Heck CDC just admitted over 20 million actually have/had it including that likely didn't know, showing once again how less and less risky it truely is.
Karen alert. Funny how this entire time, of all places even going back to March and open now, only 2 cases could be traced to gyms in my area in South FL in a 30 mile radius. But oh lawd, god forbid I have 5 people over to bbq. But thousand and thousand of protestors are allowed to closely gather and scream and yell droplets left and right and that's ok according to the media and left/libby-wackadoos. Oh shit, wait, we can't even ask them if they participated as that's not allowed b/c its racist, and offensive and against their rights.... oh those same rights..... Lol
Wow, I can't even... Lol. Not gunna talk to a wall that doesn't have the logic ability to process but not surprised looking at your post history. Been fun but later.
One of my favorite bottles I always keep stocked. Love the stuff.
Known defect even on 2020s but with beerflu even dealers are estimating fixes not untill later this year as supply chain is fubar with China and shut down so your sol which sucks. Look on F150forum, threads about that. BTW bought new 5.0 Platinum, that's gunna get Whippled
Who wouldn't want a 750hp+ 4dr luxury truck that can still tow and get good gas mileage ;p. Have it tuned on 93 right now, Coyote rips especially 18+ blocks that are di/pi and high compression at 12:1. I'm not a big fan of twin screws on cars, but in trucks makes total sense with the seat crushing torque down low and up top. I remember when friend ran a positive displacement blown on a Viper, oh sure plenty of power, but the car was borderline useless and 0 traction even at speed vs centri blower cars as the torque was ridiculous down low on a car already known for being a torque monster stock lol. I've been in cars putting down way way more power including TT Lambos, that weren't as scary as a Gen 2 no nanny/anti save your butt aids Viper running a positive blower, sketchy as fuck when you can lose traction on highway easily lol. Coyotes are so efficient, you push over 500hp in GM trucks and your entering self destruct mode. Meanwhile these trucks, forget fly power, can do 620+ rwhp all day long reliably on pump gas.
Their good, really hard to beat the Nitto Ridge Grappler all around though, both look wise, traction, ride quality etc. I know it's almost a played out meme now with so many running them but reason why, they absolutely nailed that tire.
