I liked everything leading up to the finale of the black tapes. So if you like soul crushing disappointment then I'd continue watching TBT. I'm halfway through season 2 of Tanis and liking it, wished they would find out more sooner, but meh. Interesting ride.
Aw, I liked Rabbits. I liked it better than The Black Tapes, and I love that this is all in the same world. I kind of hope they don't bring it back for season two just because it'll end up in a spiral of suck like TBT.
The ending of rabbits was really good.
It is
I never understood this thought process. I love any gift anyone gives me, regardless of what it was. For a even just a moment someone thought about me enough to get or make me a gift. A coworker just got me a set of 4 plates with kittens on them from a flea market, they are probably 15 years old... I showed them to everyone I loved them, he just knew that I liked cats so thought I'd like them. Your family are assholes. Good riddance if they stopped talking to you.
My hubby is in college, training and studying to try out for the police department as well as working 50 hours a week. We live together. He just isn't committed and has a thousand excuses. But it'd be easier to break it off at least.
He's going to see it eventually. Plan on showering together? Swimming? Sleeping without pore clogging makeup on together? He needs to know.
Your 2nd sounds unbearable. I'm on families side, and you don't sound like you like him that much either. Find a man that'll buy you flowers and hold yoir hand op.
Dude, move on. Shes 21, thats waaaay too young and immature to settle down -oh yeah and she's sleeping with your best friend.
So they want to sleep with each other. This is disgusting level of closeness. Break up level of closeness. They can go back to the attic and be together.
I loved this episode. Why does she have 95 days written on her hand?
The left calls anyone not liberal altright, nowadays
I rent from Denton Floyd, and am friends with a maintenance man that works for them. Cut them some slack. Almost every person in old Louisville neglected to keep their water running and their pipes froze. You are probably not the first to call and they are doing it in order. The maintenance man is doing multiple jobs a day.
It should be common knowledge. It actually amazed me.how many people didn't know that after I moved here. I'm just saying Broadway may suck as a mgmt company, but people should understand they are gonna have to wait and that is not the companies fault.
I don't rent with Broadway, but my water and heat is included.
People call Chris Ray gun, sargaan or akaad, and blaire white altright people. Hell theyd probably call me altright. Its literally a slur for everyone not liberal
Talk to him If you want to get married you have to learn to communicate. Set a solid timeline.
What is flex?
It's mostly the West end.
It still is.
This will do nothing to stop people from shooting each other.
It's how I got season 1 of walking dead for 1$
You guys need a marriage counselor and sex therapist.
That's what I'm going with. They are kids and immature. There is no reason to be married at 21, they have so much more growing to go. He's just fucking with her.
Filmed in Louisville ky. :)
" he was just drunk"ie this has happened before and she's learned to accept it
Omg just get a divorce. You guys aren't even together anymore.
I love this.
Well, he doesn't love you. If he did, he wouldn't treat you the way he does. I'm an atheist, my husband is a Christian. I even gave him my grandfather's cross to wear. You need a new boyfriend.
You need a therapist. You need to still have a relationship of you want a marriage. You need to make for each other. You're still a wife and partner, not just a mother. So get a regular babysitter and a marriage therapist
Chris Stapleton, modest mouse, Jimmy eat world, and Vance joy. Unless they were all on the same day it isn't worth it.
Why didn't you find a cover? I'm a manager and I had 3 people call out for the same shift so the owner had to come in and call the other co owner in. They were probably frustrated because you called in, and so did others, and you didn't even attempt to get a cover.
Not at any job I've worked at or managed. You can't make it? Get your shift covered. It's your responsibility to show up or have it covered. And the day 3 called in, it was not for the weather. They all had different reasons.
No, it's called being responsible. You are responsible for showing up for the shift you agreed to work, and if you no longer want to or can't, you are responsible for finding a cover for that shift. It's stupid to think otherwise.
Encourage her to have a scratch test done. Her "allergy" is all in her head.
Finish your degree to fall back on. Construction is seasonal and not always guaranteed.
There is a middle class in places that aren't 3rd world
Food dye, airbrush, stencil
Tim is an ass. Tim is wrong. That being said,I'd look for a new job and go to hr. Also, for future reference, don't shit where you eat.
No this won't become our future. We have housing laws and a good public works infrastructure
Talk to the police, not your family.
someone half a century old would know not to overstep boundaries.
He's nice to you just enough to keep a guaranteed thing around. How he treats you around his friends is showing How he truly feel about you and women in general. If he is friends with someone trying to get him to cheat on you, 1- he might already have cheated, and 2-your own bf doesn't respect your relationship.
She is paying for a space. She has rights to the space. You don't seem to get that. She is responsible for the mess they leave, she should have cleaned it up. You don't sound like you even want housemates. They are messy, yes. That's why it's not for everyone.
So keep receipts and sue her.
It's not pc, but it makes sense. It's a border state, that most likely has a high illegal immigrant rate. If they believe people voted illegally, this would be the smartest route.
It might be his diet making his sweat smell horrid.
That is a terrible decision. She is an emotional basket case. Again y'all are really young, so you shouldn't be engaged anyway.
You seem happy in life
My husband and I frequently have political debates/discussions. He is a climate change denier-all evidence is faked, scientists are liars, etc.. after many arguments, we just stopped talking about it. It's a blacklisted topic. Works for us. You have to decide if it's that important.
My husband is a climate change denier, we just don't talk about it. Evolution is a different matter, as long as she agrees to let the school teach them, then it shouldn't matter.
You should tell him, but expect him to not want to be in the kids life, and if allow him to not be in the kids life. No kids life was made better by being constantly reminded one of their parents hates them. But give him the opportunity to be a parent. Also his gf should know so that she can get an std screening.
You collect dvds, but what else do you enjoy. It's just a discussion, dude.
What podcasts are you into?
Do you collect classic books, or just like the stories?
I've been with my husband for around 4 years. If I'm doing the dishes, he'll come up behind me and slap my but then turn around and start whistling "nonchalantly". We still cuddle every single night. We kiss all the time, and specifically are looking for a couch the make couch cuddles more comfy. Love and affection doesn't go out of relationships the longer you're in them. It honestly sounds like he's not feeling it anymore.
Figure review, like action figures?
Seriously, instead of a sidechick she is a side friend.
Dude, you're dating a teenager when you're at an age where you would be graduating college. It's sketch. It's not going to not be sketch. But you're dating a high school kid, what did you expect?
Cuba/Venezuela: paradise for every liberal. That's how this works, right?
Puerto Rico issues are caused by a natural disaster and then poor aid. Bengazi was caused directly by America's governmental decisions. 2 different things.
The article said he brandished a gun when the cops came to his door, then shut the door on the cops.
It would make sense though. A drunk guy with a gun, unwilling to talk to cops. Could mean he's gonna kill his family or himself. In their eyes. I think they should have just gone inside to investigate the situation and make sure everything was okay, since they had reasonable suspicion.
So he wants kids and you dont? You're together, why?
Most cops, I've heard, do and all cops in my city have them. It's just a funding issue. Public services are routinely underfunded and the body cam system is pricey for some reason.
&gt;in their eyes
America didn't cause the problem (natural disaster). It's sucks that Puerto Rico isn't getting the help they need but comparing the two situations is like comparing apples and oranges.
You could always terminate and later in life go to a sperm bank? When you're more ready.
You guys are over, just waiting to officially end it. So yeah, I'd uninvite her. There is zero reason for them to meet.
Atheism isn't a religion...
Oh honey, no. Atheism is the lack of religion. You may want to pick up a dictionary sometime.
Disarming citizens and censoring free speech isn't moving forward.
Honey... honey... no. Atheism is the lack of belief in religion. Agnostics is the uncertainty of the creation of the universe. Neither are religions. The definition is " the belief in and worship of a superhuman controlling power, especially a personal God or gods.". The absence of belief is atheism. You can hate atheists all ya want, but pick up a dictionary once in a while.
Go to any democratically lead March, or go look at democrats Twitter, they openly say they want to take guns away.
Because taking away a person's right to defend themselves is how you get dictatorships. Like in nazi germany when they disarmed the jews. Also 4/5th of gun crime in America is committed with illegally obtained guns. So you're disarming 1/5th of gun owners. Leaving it up to violent criminals to just promise not to increase their criminal behavior since there will be no way to stop them. Also in America we have a bill of rights which are guaranteed to us, and the second of those is the right to bear arms. Which if a government tried to take away our guns we would lose a sizeable chunk of our population to a bloody hellish civil war.
Guns actually save between 300k and 1m lives each year according to the CDC. They only claim 10k (not including suicide). So no. They help more than they hurt. Ive been attacked by someone. So I disagree, I have a gun to protect me. I know a guy that was almost stabbed to death, but shot the guy before he could stab him again. So no. I really don't agree. Majority of gun crimes are caused by illegally obtained guns and the states with the strictest gun laws have the cities with the highest gun crimes.
Not legally
The bill of rights are guaranteed rights. If you start blacking them out, you get a dictatorship. Also, canada and Aus. Haven't banned guns. I'm not sure if the UK outright banned them, but their violent crime rates have skyrocketed so they aren't really a good example either. Also you point out they don't have our gun culture- exactly. You try to ban guns here, you'd get the bloodiest civil war, with the anti gun people losing because they can't defend them selves.
Coming back here everyday looking for an answer
So the government has the right to kill us all without us having an ability to defend ourselves? The government gets to keep their guns apparently, So we just lay down and die? That's a totalitarian dictatorship.
So we should never defend ourselves? Never try? Just lay down and let america become Nazi germany? Americans would fight it, sorry, and we have the guns to at least try.
You guys aren't a thing, you're just hooking up. You can ask about it, but dial it back.
Women in the restroom would be freaked out. If I was using the bathroom and walked out to a man in there I would be freaked out.
Dude, I'd never go back to a place that let men in the women's bathroom just because I'd be scared for my safety.
A lot of people that wait for sex have a stigma attached to it. And feel guilty and gross even after marriage, which is why it leads to a dead headroom. I'd recommend therapy for her before marriage to ensure the stigma doesn't stay with her.
No. She's a predator. She went after someone young and inexperienced in order to have control. Thats predator behavior. If she was a man, you would be okay with the label.
You leave. She can't stop you.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theregister.co.uk/AMP/2014/06/05/australias_first_public_swat_victim_a_nice_bloke/ has happened....once.
I'm hoping it's getaway car
The only one I don't love is Gomez. He's supposed to be sexy and sauve.
She's 8, she shouldn't be on the internet. Also report the pedo
Oh. That's interesting. I'm just so used to sexy Gomez. I'm sure the movie is gonna be awesome either way though.
Can you move into a dorm or roommate sitch around campus?
The advice is end the friendship
Maybe make the name a middle name? And just not tell her
They aren't. But he is, so leave him.
Is that good?
They make little flower things for eliminating tho. If you want to compromise .
How does your back not hurt?
True. Unless you go to wish.com, get em free just pay shipping. 😂
Get a divorce and find a partner that loves you.
My hubs is 34, I'm 27. Still don't want kids. I want a puppy though... maybe a tarantula, but no kids.
You need to go into therapy as a family. Your poor kids probably already have self worth issues.
If you are a felon you cannot legally own a gun.
Dude might as well kill himself, he's not making it to prison .
Stealing, selling stolen goods... I hope you get arrested.
My oldest brother is 40, youngest sister is 18. It happens.
I call all my pets my babies, my husband refers to me as mom and I refer to him as dad when talking to our pets. Even tell our pets that they are siblings. Our house would drive you crazy. 😂
.... misandry is being anti man... how does not changing your name or not obeying him make you antiman?
Maybe this is an opening for America to help them out with food for their citizens through some kind of agreement. But fuck that right?
That sounds like a big difference to me.
That sounds like a big difference to me.
It shows it's being handled differently.
Only 10k gun homicides are not suicide, so the 300k to 1m (edit: defensive use of firearms) certainly outweighs any reasoning for banning guns
When you add her, she has just as much right to the money as you. She can legally take every dime.
Maybe she kept it in case she had a house fire or they were stolen.
Majority of mass shooting are done with handguns and shotguns.
The fbi is my source. Dunno what dailyblazer is.
Oh honey no. https://www.statista.com/statistics/476409/mass-shootings-in-the-us-by-weapon-types-used/ https://www.cga.ct.gov/2013/rpt/2013-R-0057.htm (only mentions since Columbine which happened during an ar ban) https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.dailysignal.com/2018/02/22/fact-check-are-most-gun-crimes-committed-with-handguns/amp/ verifying most crimes are committed with handguns https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2016/07/27/new-evidence-confirms-what-gun-rights-advocates-have-been-saying-for-a-long-time-about-crime/ majority of gun crime (79%) caused by illegally owned guns https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_violence_in_the_United_States just a general wiki page of stats https://www.nap.edu/read/18319/chapter/3#15 the fun cdc findings stating 300k defensive use of firearms.
Does trying to make peace to save nk from starving to death not make sense in your head?
Oooh, you're a troll. Convincing up til now.
She's just worried. I'm married to a man that has been clean for like 5 or so years and still says his blood itches from time to time. It's a lifelong battle for some, she's just concerned.
Dude, she preys on younger guys to take advantage of them. Leave her.
It was very publicized that those weren't intended to be after the season finale. The reveal episode was the season finale.
I agree with wife. The wedding is a reflection of you guys, you don't make a cake for everyone else or choose your band for everyone. They're getting free food and a new kind of dining experience that is a reflection of you. Stick to the vegan food
Senior cats are amazing. They have fully developed personalities and set in their ways. My baby miss kitty passed in April. She was 18, had accidents around the house, had to get an iv drip and had heath issues but damn if my heart didn't melt every time she jumped on my lap or "mep"ped for food. I wouldn't have traded my time with her for anything . And she still had spunk and smacked my other cat of he got to close to her and she wanted alone time. Senior cats are the best. I'm so sorry for your loss. &lt;3
Well that's not her ex. It's her boyfriend. You're her side dick. You're broken up now, move on.
The illegal immigrant children have been being separated since at least Obama. It's nothing new. People just hate Trump so they are screeching about it more.
Tommy Robinson is the guys name I believe.
Yes it is different. Holy hell, you just spit in the face of every holocaust survivor and victim with that comparison
The pictures of kids in cages on green mats is from 2014. The problem with asylum is that you have to prove you need it and not every mexican needs it. They need to go through legal channels.
There is no similarity between Trump and hitler. You guys are really reaching. He isn't trying to take away rights for anyone. The only thing You guys have is that he is enforcing Obama's policies at the border or at least hasn't changed them.
The overwhelming population of illegal immigrants are coming from Mexico. Also I'm not a bigot and you're just an asshole for making assumptions. Cubans are allowed asylum, other people are allowed asylum. Mexico is not in war or violating human rights according to the un, so they aren't going to be granted asylum for just wanting a better life. Asylum is not guaranteed.
Yeah none at all I'm literally fucking Satan for acknowledging why they are being deported and pointing out how they not get deported. *eyeroll*. The pictures, or at least some, of those kids in cages are from 2014. That's why I'm bringing up Obama. Because no one gave a single shit when he did it, just when Trump does.
That's when you buck up and *talk to your neighbor* . Calling the cops first is a really good way to make a hostile living environment.
He's a rapist. Leave him immediately.
It's all Indiana has, just let it happen.
Financial issues are the leading cause of divorce or unhappiness, regardless of how much you think it doesn't matter now, it does.
I was taken away by cps for a little while as a child, they placed me with someone I was honored to call my foster dad and still think of fondly. The cps people were always nice to me even when they did inspections every six months and I was being a total witch. She'll be better there, if they take her. They might not.
Then leave her. Honestly. She knows you won't do anything so she won't change.
Good. That goes against what America is.
Not freedom of consequence. He canr continue a job while shitting on it and going against it.
It would be like telling your boss that you hate the job, want it to fail and will try to your hardest to make it fail. Youll get fired.
No I don't. Women are allowed to have opinions nowadays.
Uh no. One supports his employer and one does not. You can't bash your employer and say you want to bring them down and retain your job. You will get fired.
You can definitely get fired for dissing your boss and job and saying you will bring it down. You can get fired for anything that's not protected. He was not the right fit for the military, said he wanted to make it crumble. That should have gotten him fired.
I never knew any classmates to sneak off for random classes. Just like coming to school a class late.
So You had like 2 classes a day? A half hour break is ridiculous
Not at my school. My bullies were on sports teams and/or popular kids.
That is a stupid system .
Getting ready for Christmas in july.
It doesn't sound like you were on a date, it was just friends eating together and her leaving with another friend. If you actually have feelings for her, ask her on a date and use the word date.
I don't think someone from a normal family can ever really grasp what child abuse does to someone and that it will always have an effect. I was abused as a child too, and I'll say or do something and my husband just won't get it. He doesn't get why I still strive to be good enough for my father or why I can't just stop feeling guilty. Or why I always feel anxious and over think every interaction... the most you can do is have them talk to a therapist or your therapist. Maybe read up on lifelong issues stemming from childhood trauma or abuse?
And we are supposed to be living in a dictatorship?
Dude, my cat doesn't want to be picked up by anyone other than me or my husband. He was abused by my ex and doesn't trust others easily (it took 2.5 years for little man and husband to bond properly). I warn people, they think they are cat whisperers and get clawed... like... I warned you.
Everyone wants, but makes decisions to avoid. Like... I *want* Jason momoa, but I'm happy married. That doesn't mean I want to cheat. I think you should be upset, but he was honest before anything else. You should take that into account.
If i was dying, his cuteness would bring me back to life.
I've only heard that people shouldn't be forced into doing anything and have heard nothing about sarah
Body dysmorphia is a disorder. The only treatment found for trans people is transitioning. You can be anti sjw and still support trans people.
I'm not talking about kids. Kids should not at all be able to transition at all because of their lack of maturity and how easy they are to influence. I'm talking about full fledged adults that have had a lifetime to deal with this.
Dude, I never even connected those dots.
That's just reckless. That's influencing kids to make mistakes because they don't know themselves yet.
Not just any celebrity.. Jason momoa. Ronan Dex. Conan. Jason ioane. Aqua man.
I meant that he is the sexiest guy on the planet.
I've only seen leftists saying Republicans are outraged, but not any outraged republicans.
You can't outright refuse gays business. The bakery just didn't want to decorate their wedding cake as they didnt believe in gay marriage.
Sarah Sanders was turned away from a restaurant and was okay with it. No Republican gives a fuck. Liberals are pretending Republicans give a fuck.
It's a protected class.
Look up blaire white or eden the doll. Both trans. Both don't belong in the men's bathroom. And buck angel definitely doesn't belong in the women's restroom.
He was being a drunk ass. Have a discussion with him about not being a drunk ass.
Was a manager for 2 years, was paid shit.
You have to take a lie detector test. They would know about crimes you've committed
He's going to have to take a lie detector test where they ask about petty crimes he's committed. They will ask if he supplied alcohol to a minor. He will either say yes and lose his spot or lie and lose his spot
Round 2 time yet?
How is xmen apocalypse?
Have you watched mother yet? I havent heard the best things about it.
I'm 27 and I have a collection of stuffed animals, some from when I was born. I'd punch a kid.
Get a ring.
Did not know that site existed and I have a big box i was gonna donate. I wont bother watching it lol
Same
It could have been staged by someone looking for attention.
What's the point in giving a gift you know someone doesnt want and wont appreciate?
So you aim to ruin someone's Christmas? Seems like a horrible thing to do. If you can acknowledge it's bad when done to you, why do it to someone else? Like its Christmas, it's not a holiday to be purposefully rude.
Its purposefully ruining someone's Christmas to feel better about yourself, it's not standing up to fascism.
Sorry, I meant you generally, not specifically
The gift is meant to upset them. How would that not ruin christmas?
The meme + title says otherwise.
Wow. That attitude is just detrimental and sad
He doesnt. A clean break would be best for both of you. I've been in the same situation and it became abusive and manipulative.
You are just ruining Christmas. That's it. You aren't improving or changing anything, you're just making an ass out of yourself.
Deborah logan is amazing
Wow. Just wow. That is just... wow. Willfully ruining someone's holiday to give yourself jollies. That is just bad person territory. People are people, if you see some people as less than people that is an issue you need to talk to someone about.
They are individuals. That's your problem. You make up an us vs them mentality in your head that does nothing but damage. You want things to get worse? Vilify the other side.
You still dont get it, do you? You know how we got trump in the first place? People on the left acting better than others and like they know more. People on the left trying to bully people into changing their party lines. You know how well get stuck with trump again? People like you. When you shit on people and scream and talk down to people, they will to take your side, they will not change view points. They will dig their heels in harder. People are people. Don't purposefully be a douche. Dont purposefully ruin someone's holiday. It does nothing useful at all.
Trump supporters are mad because they are being shit on and screamed at over and over by people on the left. Yes that will make people dig their heels in harder. You can't be a dick to someone and expect them to see your side. You need to treat people like people if you ever want to change a mind. And purposefully being a dick on a holiday to make yourself smile does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING productive. It just shows what kind of person you are- the kind that finds joy in ruining people's days. I'm done with this conversation. Be a dick to people, have fun.
What is the one with the face?
Moley moley mooooole
The one on top lol. I havent seen that cover
Use womens deodorant. They have both antipersperent and deodorant in it. Using "natural" probably isnt helping your cause. Try dove prescription strength womens.
Pumpkin white chocolate
On bc I was suicidal, depressed, had weight gain, and my hair fell out. When I got off, I eventually went back to normal aside from my hair.
Mango
Hes involving everyone else with his fetish and making a funeral about his fetish. You dont involve others in your fetish without their consent. That's trashy.
Taxis are independent contractors like strippers, I think. So no minimum wage.
If she drives on that thinking it's not flat, she could have a wreck and potentially die or hurt someone else. She was rude. You made her think her tire was changed.... not equivalent.
And then it's over. Men have longer lasting issues
Just know that porn can affect future job prospects. So be careful.
I'm sorry... wat
It's been both depending on politics at the time. It was with the north during the civil war, I believe. I'd clump it in with the midwest.
My husband and I both make domestic violence jokes when we've both been in abusive relationships before.🤷‍♀️ you can joke about anything. After my mom died I made jokes to cope. When getting helped out of the car after being hit by a deer I made a joke about a splitting head ache. People use jokes to cope and address the bad in the world.
When I was in college I had groups of people bang on the my door and yell and try to push themselves into my room to harass me. Bullying still exists in college.
My fat baby would faceplant
I really want this to have happened in real life.
Yeah. They make special kinds for kids that can walk and take them off themselves, called pullups
Christina Hendricks is childfree?
Is he posting to youtube anymore?
That's not how that works.
Try to find places that do apprenticeships
Its makes the day so much better, honestly.
I stole a brick from the original gimbels when it burned down 🤷‍♀️
She moved with him when she was 18. You think there was absolutely no contact or grooming beforehand?
I didnt say pedo. I'm saying he probably didnt get his claws into her when she was a "legal mature adult", he probably started contacting her years prior.
She was probably not homeless,just trashy
Nah, whores get paid
You're so full of crap. Women dont dress for men. They dress for themselves.
I've loved him since ronan dax.
What country are you from that you can't used an unsigned debit card?
As a former housekeeper its bc they see front deskers as enemies or something. They just complain nonstop about you guys. They couldn't give less of a shit.
Poor baby. Big cats aren't pets. People usually have them defanged and declawed and they have to go to a rescue later in life.
She probably meant California state university to San Francisco.
Nah. My family is full of assholes. Drunks, child abuse, pedophilia, and criminals run rampant in my family. Not a single family member of mine was at my wedding or even gave a shit.
Nah. It's pretty plain to see what she meant
I live inKentucky. It's common sense.
Criminals include child molesters, child abusers, thieves, assaulters, vandalizers, etc. You do know that there are just bad families, right? It's not holier than thou to not want to associate any further with an uncle that molested a brother that molested you, ya know?
That whole thread pissed me off. I got told I was acting holier than thou for not wanting to associate with my asshole family
Seriously. This whole idea pisses me off. I love Meghan, I think they're adorable together but apparently him *maybe* taking her opinion into account on one issue makes him a "pussy whipped" man with no balls. Like what the actual fuck. Adults have conversations and make decisions with their partners.
And you're an asshole.
You're literally siding with abusive alcoholics, child molesters, and thieves all while telling me I dont actually know my family. That makes you an asshole, my dude.
The guy that wrote the tweet isnt British, hes a right wing "frogs are gay" supporter. :/ like she's beautiful. The royal wedding was so amazing. I loved how it blended both of their cultures. It's sad people wanna tear her down.
Nope. My entire family is full of shithead abusive assholes, but you say "well it's just one person" when it's not. I dont owe you extensive details. You're siding with pedos and child abusers because I'm not going to go into my entire twisted family tree. Guess what, some families are just bad. I get how that can be hard to understand if you've lived a life of privilege with an amazing family. But they do exist. Not everyone has lived the life you have.
Alienating myself from a person that is mansplaining my life to me, *such a loss*
Hon, you're on mgtow. You probably shouldn't be throwing that word around.
Reptar tried to make a run for it lol santa was having a time taming her
He's missed it in the past.
Did not know that was a thing that needed to be banned...
My aunt found out she couldn't have kids and embraced it as well. Now she is in her mid60s (doesnt look it), works for an amazing company, volunteers at cat shelters, goings on vacations, and tokes it up. She congratulated me on the choice to be childfree. Childfree comes in all types. :)
No. I think he said he is doing 4 horrors.
This is amazing
In what world are antivaxxers right wing?
This is hilarious.
I caught it on tv years ago and it stuck with me
I've used tarc off and on for 5 years and never had a safety issue
Charles Manson isnt a serial killer.
If you explain to your child why its happening, and do it only as a last resort it can be useful. But if you spank your kid every chance you get or use things other than an open palm, theres an issue imo
He never actually killed anyone. He just convinced other people to.
Most immigrants I've met that have come here legally are anti illegal immigration and pro border control.
Yup. I was forced to work doubles for a woman with kids. They were 16 and 15. They can fend for themselves
This is part of a bunch of pictures of a native settlement. It's in the library of Congress. She probably has a white parent.
If tons of companies are pulling money from your state, you might change your tune
It means they wont work on movies filming there, so movies will move filming to other states. Less money for states, people might change their minds about woman hating laws.🤷‍♀️
Yes, and supply jobs to the area and spend money in the area.
The states are doing this, not the federal government
What show is this from?
Call the cops or cps, dont film.
You get three days legally, as a full time employee. When my mom died, my employer tried to make me take them the 3 days following her death and miss her wake and funeral. When I said no, and I'd take them for her wake and funeral they required me to bring them a death certificate or funeral program.
Once every couple weeks
Didnt pr vote against becoming a state?
My husband identifies as a libertarian. He says that there should be lower taxes and people should have more choice in how they are spent. That the government should not interfer in daily life, so abortion, gun ownership, sexuality, what school your kid goes to, and drug use.
Shameless
Lane splitting isn't illegal everywhere.
Depends on the state
No it's not. It varies by state.
How is happy death day?
Ironman was my favorite avenger, captain marvel is now tied. I loved seeing how real he was and watching his journey. It helped me see what a person could come back from.
Rent for my 2 bedroom carriage house with garage is 680. And I live downtown. That's crazy.
Side note, why did everyone hate rose in the last jedi?
He was her hero, so it makes sense that she would stop him. I wish there was more of her, honestly. She was adorable imo.
They/them is a unisex pronoun.
They has been a singular pronoun since the 14th century. I think people that "dont get it" are being purposefully dim.
Canada. Just lay down and die.
He had been stabbed in the head. The intruder was going to murder him. The owner fought back. Your take is ridiculous.
Counterfeits are so common. I then everyday from a certain grocery chain.
Dont use tom hardy for this
Her feet are as big as her head
Birth control fails, if you dont want a kid you shouldnt be forced into it. On either side. Abortion for women and complete loss of rights and responsibilities for men. You get the same legal time as a woman to decide.
Captain marvel?
Did you see the picture of him?
Hes not touching them so that they cant accuse him of inappropriately touching them.
I think it is rumored to be named after 2 different male doctors.
Glaad not glad. Gay lesbian alliance against defamation.
I refer discs to cups. The cup always leaks for me. Its uncomfortable, because of the "string". I dont like having to dump it at work. The discs hold better for me and dont suction. It's just a ring to sit on the cervix with thin flexible film to catch the blood
I just tried with my hubs this week. He said it felt fine, but I have an IUD so he might have just become numb to it lol
No, it didn't help him in any way other than being a blood barrier.
I'm from the midwest. It isnt all like that. Everyone in indiana knows to avoid gary.
Hon, 80% of gun crimes are committed with illegally obtained guns. The 2 that killed him probably had illegal guns. Guns save far more lives than they take.
Its gary. You dont need to mention it.
Its gary. There is an 82% chance they're black.
Its chicago, they have a no firearms sign for the city.
When you're defending yourself, you are told to shoot to kill. Dead men dont tell tales.
Hey. Midwest is awesome if you like corn and creeks.
Hes telling him to go
I'm a vegetarian, and have been for more than a decade, if I ate meat I would get violently ill. My husband, also veg, has ended up throwing up so much that he started throwing up blood from just cross contamination.
Dont touch people without their consent.
It is a stranger probably bigger than them coming up to them and touching them. That is terrifying.
If you stay exclusively vegetarian or vegan or body will lose the ability to digest meat.
My husband acts annoyed when I bring a new one home bc our apt is so small, but then points out cool ones at goodwill lol
There isnt an abundance of hearts that would work in her body at her age
Republican groups are on every college campus
This is illegal. Just fyi
Mennonites....
Mennonites also dress like this. They bother me.
Yeah
I was the gm for a subshop and went to get change multiple times. The bank doesnt charge for change.
I wish they were all 2 hrs at least
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.popsugar.com/family/Essay-About-Paying-Things-Kids-Break-44989033/amp
I get that. That's why I asked if she has tried to understand him and his reasons.
100% anonymous with no paperwork or anything.
A few years ago right after fast 5 came out I found a steelbook version at a pawnshop, looking new, for 3 dollars. I mean like 3 days at most after. Felt like Christmas.
Screw that. He knew what he did was wrong. Nothing you said, to any rational person, would mean "yeah go have sex with them!"
A lot of families bring kids out to hunt.
Statistically the violent and aggressive dogs are chihuahuas. Pitties were known as nanny dogs up until recently when assholes started training them to fight
In my small hometown there is a furniture company called rapers. And they deliver in big vans with it plastered on the side
https://pethelpful.com/dogs/10-Most-Aggressive-Dog-Breeds-Temperament-Ratings-and-Information https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/500558/ https://pethelpful.com/dogs/The-Pit-Bull-Dog-Once-Knows-as-the-Nanny-Dog-What-Happened https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.alternet.org/2013/01/pitbulls-used-be-considered-perfect-nanny-dogs-children-until-media-turned-them/amp/
Well he has a murder dungeon.
That is the mantra of the left. It's only racism if its white people. Only sexist if its men. Because racism is power and prejudice not the actual definition.🙄
I've been told it and seen it countless times. Maybe it's the very vocal minority then.
I dont know?
I have been told this and seen it thrown out in conversations. I'm aware all races are assholes. I'm pretty sure buzzfeed and MTV have shows/articles that have both said this.
They are setting that kid up for a horrible life. You can try to talk to your parents or just be a good example. When you watch your brother try to influence him or show him that there is more than one way to be.
Need to find you a lazy burger king that cooks 9 at a a time on a seperate grill and just wait for people to buy them.
Never said they had a seperate machine. There are two belts/lanes next to each other. They cook them and keep them warm until someone buys them on a seperate part of the same machine. At least at my bk. I dont know about any of the other ones. Mine could have a vegetarian manager, for all I know.
I'm sorry.
I think it's good. I like meagan and harry, and hes never going to be king. It's cool if they can live a normal life. Maybe the British tabloids will leave her alone.
I'm not saying she wont be rolling in it still, just more normal than royal
Whenever I picture a doctor, they're always female. 🤷‍♀️
Try a sex positive therapist, if you want to make it work. No communication or compromise kills a relationship. Keep in mind sexual incompatibility is also a valid reason to leave.
Is there another teacher she can transfer to? There isnt any reason to not be friends if you aren't her teacher anymore.
I did. It was godawful. Avoid if possible.
Resentment can grow in that, if sex is important to you in a relationship. A sex positive therapist can help encourage him to be more open to atleast compromising and trying new things.
They specialize in sexual issues and communication.
Put on your tennis shoes and run like a bat out of hell. You cant change a mommas boy
I love all the pictures from that program. The men all look so happy.
No. Everyone reads the same book.
I dont need to know everyone's breast size. Thx.
Rocky flintstone would like a word with you
My father called them "peter cheaters" growing up and shamed me for using them as I got older.
Mine did not turn out nearly that cute
Joe would never be this openly creepy toward a girl. He does it behind the scene.
Technically that's circulating a counterfeit bill
He stole a child and impregnated it, now that child is the age his child bride was.
I get counterfeits like that commonly at work. Nowadays people are washing bills to make counterfeits, so that pen wont always work.
I get impressed when I get good counterfeits. I got one that even had the face in corner, too bad it was the wrong face.
This is why I avoid male written thrillers/suspense novels.
I dont care a single bit about what she has to say. She is a lifelong liar that used a fake heritage to get a leg up and her gender to be a victim.
No. Shes working with warren at the moment
That's not true. Even just using America as an example. According to the cdc guns save around 1 million lives a year in America.
Yussss. Clinton needs some repercussions for her snake like behavior. I love tulsi.
It's even a choker collar. Disgusting
That number is from a 30 year old faulty study. That's not at all valid.
If bernie and tulsi came together, I'd be the happiest girl in the world.
They are from 2 faulty studies from the early 90s. They arent representative of anything. And there haven't been any new ones recently
I dont think I ever said anything about encountering aliens. But good job trying to go through my entire post history to validate a faulty study I guess. Like whatever is in my post history doesnt suddenly validate a 30 year old study made from a tiny pool of self reporters in a study that had "raised their voice once" as an indicator of dv. The studies are not valid, and there sadly hasn't been any new studies done.
I've never flew before, but can you not just buy a ticket for your pet? Dont they also have special pet spots?
Further down the article it said that there was also another investigation involving the kids and that she was drunk and taking her top/bra off.
Repzion and chris Hanson have both investigated and made videos about onion boy being a pedo. All the stuff they found or talked about was fact. Onion boy thought that it was defamation anyway and sued.
The Middletown goodwill ismy favorite. Lots of clothes and books.
Aw. Our beardies are name twins. :)
Kdramas have a huge issue with that.
Rape victims can have consensual sex with their rapist before and after their rape. Rape in relationships is a thing. That is evidence to nothing
Same. All day my husband has seen/heard everyone talking about his death and all he has said is "dude, he was a rapist"
Sour patch kids also vegan
I'm just a vegetarian, but the amount of people that act like that leaves no food options is too damn high.
A mentally ill man missed one appointment and had no money of his own or financial support. What did you think would happen?
Not them, but I want the city to make the abandoned buildings/warehouses into small apartments. Use homeless and impoverished people to help with the work. There are programs to train people. Allow people to live there while they get back on their feet, then when they get a job 30% of their income goes back to the city and programs that fund this. Itd be cheaper than jailing and paying for healthcare for the chronically homeless.
There was some ruling that said it was cruel to not allow them the drugs to change their hormones.
At least if you American, that question is illegal.
Itd be nice to know, I guess. But it is incredibly illegal to ask.
It took my brother and I awhile of being actually on the street homeless before CPS would take us away. As long as she has a roof over their heads cps will most likely do nothing
I'm lucky enough to have a friend that is open about how crappy it is to be a parent, although she still loves her kids, and thinks it's funny that I have a favorite of her kids. Her husband on the other hand tried to convince my husband (his childhood best friend) that it's totally different when you have your own. 🙄
They were called to the gas station by the owner and were fired upon when they got there.
There were 7 people shot on Thursday, I believe. No cops fired shots. Then 5 cops were shot the following day. This is the first fatality in louisville. In Minnesota there was a woman found dead in a car with obvious trauma to her body, the morning after the riots.
They were called there by the gas station owner.
Firemen arent responsible for keeping order or arresting people. They literally just put out fires.
Dont bring kids to protests.
They are probably just pepper spraying without paying attention to who it is. That's why you dont bring your child to a protest or riot.
Lady rapist. No one believes male victims
Resisting arrest, evading arrest, and the driver might get charged. He just went from maybe just a vandalism charge to something much worse.
One of them is because people are burning down buildings and stealing peoples livelyhood...
43 years ago...
That is an incredibly cool bathroom
People wanting the economy back open so that people could feed their families and keep a roof over their heads is a lot different than burning down buildings and looting.
Wat
They were the employees and customers, because that's how economy's work.
Idk bout dc, but my town was destroying businesses night one. Breaking glass, stealing pills to sell from the drugstore, spray painting historic buildings, looting businesses. Peaceful protestors get shit done, rioters and looters just distract from the cause and disgrace the memory of the people that inspired the protests.
Like the numerous business owners that either got arrested or fined recently for opening or working?
Well that's stupid. Leta take away training funds and funds for more employees!
They dont pay for the military items, just transportation and maintenance
So even less money for training, body cams, and adequate officers? That'll surely help.
That is the stupidest idea I have heard come from this.
How did they know it was water? Not chemicals?
Probably paint or pepper
No. The coloring means that they are a less than lethal gun of some sort
How were they supposed to know its water?
So can people stop saying that they are not guilty now or had reason to murder him?
The can charge them federally
I'm just gonna hope he has some shred of decency left and will keep his nose out of it.
It can be any odorless chemical, If they could smell anything other than their own sweat. You can refill water bottles with anything you please.
So lets have untrained subpar officers, so few that they have one to a car and can no longer patrol or help communities as much as they do. You think they're bad now? You're an idiot if you think less training, lower caliber of officer, and fewer resources are better for the community.
A social worker doesn't help with murder or rape or home invasions or burglaries or arson. We need both. This is an and situation not an or.
They did.
So much of that is wrong. They were serving a no knock warrant for an ex boyfriend of her, but her address was listed. They had caught him hours earlier. They busted in, did not identify themselves or wear clothing identifying themselves. Her boyfriend actually called 911 for someone breaking in and shooting. He shot what he thought was an intruder (and they were), they have since dropped the charges. At the very least, they need to be fired.
The current boyfriend (they were looking for/already found her ex) shot at them after they kicked in his door unannounced and he thought they were a violent home intruder. He even called 911 because they didnt identify themselves.
The original black panther movement killed a lot of people, including cops and their own members.
I was just assuming that's what the original commenter meant
All 4 have been arrested
They usually have to determine if something illegal happened. Yes, someone died. But did they die due to a policy the police had in place.
Yeah, excessive force was used. But they had to determine that legally before they could even charge them.
There was a trail of blood leading to tent, like she'd been dragged. And the gun she was shot with, she'd had to have pulled the trigger with her toe with her leg all the way stretched out. She had also made complaints before. Rape is really bad in the military
You're fine. It's just annoying to see people suggest it really was suicide.
It varies by state, but that's why we need more funding. Longer, more in depth police academies/training
Put a coin in the trash you need
Looks like the national guard
Treating one race different because of their race, is racism. This is racist.
That show was still on?
Because less money doesnt make better officers.
No, inadequate training and constant defunding and inconsistent standards got us this issue. Having fewer officers that are barely trained will make everything worse.
They would get rid of the higher paid officers, and no one would get ongoing training. Its just a stupid idea overall to think less training and fewer officers would help.
It is stupid to think less people policing will catch more criminals. And the only thing right now that comes up in search of "police defunding" are articles about people wanting to defund police even more. It's like trying to talk to a wall.
I found one blog that said bem meant peace in a Nigerian language, and that's why he had the lines but idk 🤷‍♀️
No, I'm getting a ton of recent opeds. Opinions arent facts. Your opinion that 5 untrained people can do the job as well as 100 trained people is at the very least misinformed.
Statistically there's more black officers than citizens. Meaning that like 15% of cops are black, while 13% of the population is. Kinda cool
Can you link to an article for the woman they found in the car? I've seen no updates
[golden trio](https://ravenfoxcapes.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/Robes2.jpg) in the movies, have the patches on their robes. And all merch has robes with patches.
I'd assume the ties are given after sorting, but who puts the patches on all of the robes.
It just bothers me that it was never explained. It's a stupid thing to be bothered by, but I think about it from time to time.
You're fine. I was just super interested in what happened.
Was it ever explained anywhere for the movies?
She was married, wasnt she? And tonks was deeply in love with lupin.
I mean you can basically just delete bellatrix's husband and make her gay. Like did he even matter? She was always the badass. Maybe she mentioned a husband, so that there wouldnt be speculation. Nvm. Changing my head canon. Shes always been gay.
No, not at all. Sometimes loving someone else or seeing yourself through their eyes can make you love yourself. If you had to love yourself before others, no one would be in a relationship.
This happened 3 years ago. The "cop" is campus security. The man made 87k from a GoFundMe. This happened in the democratic wonderland that is California
This happened 3 years ago, the cop is campus security, and the man made 87k from a GoFundMe.
California
This is from 3 years ago. The man made 87k from a GoFundMe. Hes fine
Yeah, a campus
For a college campus.
Protesting does, riots dont.
In one of my elementary schools, as an end of year bonus we had a slave game. Like.. 5th graders got to pretend to be slaves and navigate the underground railroad that was the school. Choosing which teachers to trust, because some with paper lights were actually slavers.... I think that is worse.
Do not go out with a kid 20 years your junior. The power and life imbalance is insane.
That's a good way to get ambushed. People call for nonstrapped cops to come and kill them all...fun
No. It insults noone. You're dna isnt that important to the human race.
General you, not specific you. I'm childfree, as is my aunt. Our dna doesnt matter to the human race. It's fine. Your life means something, you mean something. Just passing on your genes doesn't. Especially if you dont want to. It shouldnt be used as a tool to guilt.
The way you worded your original comment was very "your mom is right", not "to me, my bloodline is important". You have cool dna, go you. But imo no single persons genes are super important to the human race, and should be preserved at all cost. It's such an antiquated notion, imo.
I'm not saying there arent people that are stronger or smarter than others. I'm just saying no ones genes are more important that they need to be preserved at all costs. We just need enough different families to not interbreed, to keep this whole human race thing going. My own father is one of those bloodlines are important people, but he is adopted...and has md.... so I really have no idea where his self importance comes from.
Dude, I'm just talking to you. I'm not super offended, I'm just clarifying what I'm saying. Having a conversation. You do you, have a million babies, I'm not telling you not to.
I would cry if my spouse got me a surprise puppy.
My bullies are now townies. I dont really talk to my friend group anymore, I was in an abusive relationship and cant really friend anymore. I just have no idea how and am super uncomfortable trying. But 2 of them are in wy, ones in Florida with a husband and 2 babies, and ones in kansas with a kid. I'm childfree in the midwest with a husband. The nicest girl in my school is living her best life on the east coast, I believe. I'm happy for her. She was so nice to everyone.
The cops probably hate her. Like who ever draws the short straw needs to deal with her.
Money is so dirty tho
It's got a wiki entry
I wont belive the parents are innocent until solid evidence is released.
It's legal to specify gender if you share a common space, apparently...
Advanced placement, smart people
Jordan
Stop smoking and use a detox kit
The da called them deadly weapons to charge a cop 2 weeks before. Then calls them not deadly to charge a cop.
That is an incredibly cool cover. What is mondo? Is that an artist?
It's not letting me put in my address. 🤷‍♀️
The da said 2 weeks prior that a taser was a lethal weapon to charge an officer. Then an officer acted on it as a lethal weapon, and the da said that it wasnt one. They walked out in protest. Stop being obtuse.
So can we stamp it out now?
Nancy green was a much loved woman and loved being the spokesperson. She died a millionaire. Of course they wouldn't want her off the packaging.
Maybe the actual name? The name jemima was inspired from a minstrel song. But the spokesperson and face/inspiration for aunt jemima was a woman named nancy green. She was a freed slave that died a millionaire. She loved being the face of aunt jemima and used her platform to advocate for anti-poverty charities and racial equality. Everyone that met her loved her and she is responsible for 50,000 units being sold after the chicago fair in 1893. We should celebrate her, not erase her. Maybe just rename it Auntie Nancy, or Auntie Green.
The mayor is supporting them.
So non black people will be scared to call on actual crimes involving black people?
Before they tried to remove her, her wiki said she died one of the first black millionaires. So I will take the change with a grain of salt.
I read up on her in the african american registry site.
The officer was fired at. The taser had more than one charge. And the taser was just ruled a lethal weapon. If a mass shooter was shooting at cops, they would be shot. But most dont.
I'm aware of white people calling cops on cookouts and birdwatching. But there are already false report laws. Making some calls illegal at all is not a good slope to go down. What stops the attacker from saying that the person calling was just being racist and lying? And then the caller gets arrested.
Who uses lube for oral?
Why did he kill sim?
It was a screenshot from a year prior and it turned out she didnt even dox the right kid.
One girl said it happened at a four season, and his rep said for those dates he was actually in an airbnb. And the other had posted tweets at the time saying she never met him. So idk.
I'm not saying one or the other. But if basic things dont mesh, idk. Have his rep actually show reciepts.
They are really trying, arent they?
It looks like a door pull. My husband has seen them in garages before. Its a loop at the end to be able to hang the rope on a nail. Theres pictures with the articles.
Scouts are gendered so that kids can feel more comfortable. Kids are most of the time more themselves and less self conscious with their own gender. It also makes camp and outings easier. I think girl scouts need to be revamped. I hated it. In my experience, you don't learn anything and have to play really gendered games/ activities and aren't allowed to get dirty
What do girl scouts do now? And does it involve a "play" where one girl stands under a sheet while the others lift up the sheet and faint at the girls ugliness, oh sorry, monsters ugliness, until the last girl and then the monster faints at how ugly that girl is? Because that was my experience... and I was the under the sheet.
Right? It doesnt look accurate
Dude, I was crying and the scout leader still made me do it. I was happy when I moved and my father didnt make me join again. Girl scouts is garbage, in America, if that's still how it is. But idk, I'm childfree so hopefully its different now.
It's been there well before bubba had the garage and is a loop knot.
Wrong sub.. but uhm... I'd ditch the boyfriend. Or try counseling if you're not ready to do that.
I know its unpopular, but I'm tired of hearing explosions and what sounds like gunshots every night, tired of sirens, tired of having to lock my door and turn on the alarm when the sun goes down.
If the black guys are friends will the da, probably.
I'm aware of the death of Trayvon Martin. I was just talking about your hypothetical. If you know the people in charge of taking you down, you're less likely to be taken down.
Our downtown is not a "ghetto" and there are not just guns laying around in streets. As far as a I know, there hasn't been any reports of a stolen gun today.
I think hes a convicted rapist
Children cant consent
Yeah, apparently he raped a girl at knifepoint. He has also killed someone. He sounds like a gem
Children also cant consent to sexual assault. OP probably didnt google before posting a facebook meme.
They arent current judges. They are previous judges or lawyers. The people on the show sign contracts to abide by the "judges" ruling.
