I wonder how many communities there are like that where there are seemingly random rivalries that run really deep.
Likely that either Georgia or Texas get to lose to Alabama.
I would have thought so too, but there's no way they put them in with Milton gone unless they look fantastic against Memphis.
Can someone explain to me why Oklahoma's defense is always so bad? From what I can remember, it's not like they get bad recruits. Is something just in the water?
The limit does not exist
Upvote for "not Michigan"
Disney has a rule about not picking a winner if you're calling the game
I would fucking hope so
My least favorite thing in football is when the players don't do the smart thing and JUST GO DOWN.
Nope. Without the B1G winner the Rose can select who they want. And they would not want an 8-5 Northwestern.
Feeling very vindicated by taking Georgia on the spread against everyone at my office at the moment
What weird time for mass
Very bad play calling that series
Uhhh isn't that textbook DPI?
I mean, do you think Ohio State is better than Georgia? Because I don't.
Actually tracks with who I think most of us think the four best teams actually are.
Nah
I'll never understand being upset at playing in a NY6 bowl. Both of y'all whiny fanbases just be happy to have the opportunity for a major piece of silverware. EDIT: being downvoted by some ungrateful fanbases here
I wish you and Michigan were flipped in the matchups too, that would've been fun to see UCF-Florida. No G5 school is getting a chance at the championship unless we have a year where that #4 spot is just reaaally weak. I can see it next year with UCF if you guys beat LSU and then run the table again next season.
I have to say, I'm really enjoying this MSU-Oregon bromance.
It's less that he regressed and more that he was still your QB, was the problem.
Hard disagree. I think the big bowls still command their prestige, and the vast majority of fans really get up for them. Plus, they're fun, and you get match-ups you don't normally see. Unless you're Michigan and Florida, apparently.
Yeah, like the Cotton, Rose...
Things have gotten dark when Utah v. NW is considered a better matchup than MSU v. Oregon.
Georgia would curb-stomp them.
I mean you get to win a NY6 bowl, that's pretty cool.
That's irrelevant to the point I made.
Well, they are. EDIT: Different tours* for clarification. It's like any sport that has a men's and women's league. They each have their own records and their own champions.
The NBA and WNBA are much more analogous to the ATP and WTA than La Liga and Ligue A.
They're different tours. The men play against each other, and the women play against each other. Outside of the odd mixed doubles event, there is no overlap where they play each other. It's like the Premier League and Women's Super League, or the NBA and the WNBA. The PGA and the LPGA. When a female golfer on the LPGA achieves something historic on tour, there's no person who pops up going, "Yeah, but Tiger's already done it." They're the first.
Happy for him to take the chance to get healthy, sad that he won't be around to give Michigan the business every year.
Read up above. I edited to clarify I should have specified different tours, and that just because it's the same sport doesn't mean you can combine the two when it comes to records/accomplishments. My point being that they each have their own records, firsts, and accomplishments. Andy Murray was the first to win back-to-back singles gold medals. Serena having done it on the women's side doesn't change that fact.
Read the whole thread? The context is there.
When someone who reports on tennis says Querrey is the first American since 2009 to make a SF, it's blindingly obvious they're only talking about the men's tour. Are we no longer capable of inferring a speaker's meaning anymore that we need everything spelled out in exacting language? The statement isn't incorrect in the slightest.
He's not wrong.
Wonderful.
I thought Leaders and Legends was better than what we've got now, tbh.
North: Minnesota, Wisconsin, NW, MSU, UM, PSU, Rutgers South: OSU, Maryland, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Nebraska, Purdue This is possibly even MORE imbalanced than what we have now.
I ran through what the two divisions would look like for N/S and it results in more imbalance than we have now, too. Bad idea. Also, we have planes. Travel time isn't a thing we need to consider anymore.
I didn't get my 5th copy of the CE :(
In-form Fed beats an in-form Rafa at AO, in this hypothetical.
Doesn't mean it's fast. Tour is slow.
Not bad for the world's fifth-best player
Both playing at their best, Fed is 1) just better, and 2) far better suited to the surface. He takes the racket out of the hand. Clear edge.
You sound like you need to visit Maize in Champaign
You're making a lot of assumptions about lawyer-client relations. Lawyers do a lot of things on behalf of their clients without the clients knowing - the client trusts the lawyer knows how to best act in their interest.
We were talking about a legal standard, not the court of public opinion.
Might be the best free-kick taker of all time.
Maybe it's just me, but from people I've talked to I get the impression it's more highly regarded than Grapes. Grapes just gets read in schools.
Love that first one.
THERE ARE DOZENS OF US
He'd already done far more at that point than Larkin has. This comparison is ridiculous. Larkin's a good player. He's nowhere close to being the best player on a title-contending team. We still need THAT guy.
What a fucking all-star lineup
At this rate, he might surpass Modric one day.
That's my point. This thread is obviously referring to the men's tour. Bringing up Navratilova is irrelevant. It's like whenever Murray brings up women's tour when being asked about men's tour records/achievements. It's unnecessary white knighting.
TIL the best way to defend Dame is to stand still as possible and hope it triggers a panic attack
It's all tennis at the end of the day... except for exclusivity in the competition. It's like using NBA and WNBA stats and going, "it's all basketball." Bringing ATP stats/records into discussions about WTA players is pointless, as is vice-versa.
England - still crap at penalties.
His hold-up play and passing are fantastic when he plays for England
I too would also like to score 50 ppg. Why hasn't Dantonio thought of this
Okay, that's mad impressive
Outside of the usual Nintendo exclusives, Stardew Valley, Dead Cells, and Octopath Traveller.
Haven't had time to complete Babylonia :(
Only chapter 14
Getting the rate up SSR isn't a spook...
A poor flex.
They don't make shots and the other team makes shots
Okita's way too low.
This one was alright. I won't be rewatching it like I do some of the others. I think it needed someone with a bit more energy to liven things up a bit, like Jack.
I was thinking Whitehall, but that works too haha
He's never getting back to full fitness, is he? :(
FIRE WARNER How do you not just take the points there And if you don’t, how is that the call?
I didn’t think it was possible for this game to be a lose-lose situation.
I hate everything that’s happened today
Keep going, I'm almost there.
Really disappointing performance from Osaka. :( She'll come back strong!
Drake is 100% in that first tier.
Nothing could be worse than that Super Bowl
Klopp needs to get their asses in gear. Sluggish.
Chuck's got it. Marchand legitimately far dirtier than Draymond, though.
Nah, worse than Draymond.
Federer's level will have been tough to gauge this tournament when he beats an exhausted Stan and then loses to Rafa.
The one from France is pretty surprising. Step your game up, France.
It's just a different angle.
Best birthday present ever.
Gonna be a bloodbath
Yet at the end of the day we'll just remember another Rafa romp to the title.
Hope everyone's ready for a lot of forehand into the backhand and a relatively straightforward and boring match!
I doubt it. He's in great shape.
He hasn't earned that yet.
The "Tsitsipas is better on grass than Murray ever was" takes won't take long to arrive, I think.
Federer and Thiem both stage upsets to make it to the final. The tennis world becomes alight with "Maybe the one-handed backhand is better on clay???" takes. This sub implodes in on itself.
That's fucking insane.
Save your effort. There's no reasoning with these people.
With nuance. The Iraq War was more disastrous for the world than what Erdogan's done/doing, but Erdogan is a worse person and actor because his actions are a means to an end he is knowingly trying to accomplish, whereas if Bush knew the consequences the Iraq War would have, I doubt he'd make the same decisions. Intent matters.
How do you not clear the zone there? Horrible turnover
It's crazy how many people have convinced themselves Roger has a chance.
Everyone did in fact talk about this when he won the AO but aight
Rafa is going to win in three straightforward sets.
I'll never begrudge hope, it's the confidence I'm shocked by!
Roger just giving that game away. Why, over the course of his entire career, he hits approach shots right back at Nadal, I'll never understand.
For the last 15 years. Every time.
Utterly predictable
Would've been fun to see this with clear conditions where Fed's aggression could pay off. All Rafa needs to do is be a backboard here and wait for the screw-up.
I tried to tell y'all. This matchup at this point in their careers in these weather conditions was only ever going to have one outcome.
WHOOSH
Somebody tell Thiem he doesn't have to try and crush every backhand
There's only one player out there right now.
I hope so. This thing where your rival picks the starter that's weak to yours has made the battles far too easy.
Wasn't he always shown with a Skarmory?
THERE ARE DOZENS OF US!
Rafa at the French Open gets the easy draw, and also a gift from the scheduling and rain gods of being much better rested than his opponent who'll be playing for the fourth straight day. Ombillibable.
Sure.
You're correct. Much easier to play a more defense oriented game than an offensive game in those conditions.
Just leave our players intact, please.
ARTORIA LILY INTERLUDE WHEN
Really confused from the race by Tacitus. He was far on the outside and a good way back for most of the race, did his jockey just overestimate his speed down the stretch? Confusing strategy from a favorite.
Exactly, which is why he didn't need additional help. Also: Who hurt you?
And Thiem's have fallen through to the earth's core
Probably the guy who's lost one point on serve this set
Out of NOWHERE.
I wouldn't say I've seen him make many that weren't forced.
Why the FUCK would you not put that away into the wide open court? Unbelievable mental collapse from Thiem this set.
I didn't even think it was that long? Time between the sets seemed about standard, or close to it. *shrug*
Thiem just needs to hold his service games and be competitive the rest of the set to take some positive momentum into the fourth.
Why did they call a timeout after going up 6 having all the momentum? Nick Nurse fucked those last few minutes all up.
Only a vocal minority. Majority have just been assuming the injury was worse than originally let on - turns out that was true.
And he always kicks his legs out on 3’s. Dude is stealth dirty
Klay jumping forward into a defender rightly occupying space doesn’t matter? He’s the one he forced the contact, not kawhi
Why... why would I not be? Is there something I don't know?
Klay's fine. Everyone let out your breath
I can't believe the Warriors somehow duped the world into thinking they were the underdogs
Ibaka has missed 3-4 shots from 10 inches out
Zebras have been ordered to get a Game 7.
So from here out it's Steph + Warriors Infrastructure vs. Kawhi + Raptors Infrastructure. Gotta like the Warriors winning this.
Can Curry take a shot without falling down or kicking his legs out? When did he start doing this? WHAT HAPPENED TO THE STEPH I ONCE LOVED.
Zebras are at it again calling that a foul on Ibaka lol
How the fuck was that not an offensive foul ZEBRAS. ALL GAME LONG.
Nice reverse jinx
#SERGE IBAKA IS FINALLY AN NBA CHAMPION
Look at his assists and passing and you'd be a fool to think he only contributes 10ppg of scoring to the offense. You know, in addition to being the best defense quarterback in the league by a mile.
For me, it's gotta be Connor Cook.
Connor Cook. Fight me.
Ah, a Michigan fan. This conversation makes sense now!
NBA is more whistle-happy since fouls have less of an impact than a penalty in hockey.
Get a taller goalie idk It's not like there aren't tall women
I don't know about that, the keeper didn't even jump or react to it.
A smaller, condensed pitch is easier to defend. You would get fewer opportunities. If the pitch is smaller, you'd need to lower the number of players. Look at what happens when hockey goes from 5 on 5 to 3 on 3.
Wait, no more z-moves? Well, at least something good has happened.
Greatest match of all time.
Highly disagree. Incredible shotmaking throughout.
I remember seeing the Masters Cup final between Federer and Agassi like this and the whole thing was like 12 minutes. Blew my mind.
Watching it like this is pretty interesting. Rafa's level stayed pretty much the same the entire match, it was Fed's that rose and fell at various points.
Dick move by him to play with his off hand.
I was not, no
WE. NEED. A. GRASS. MASTERS.
I'd get rid of a hard court masters post-Wimbledon and push the calendar a week.
The Great Lakes region is pretty accurate.
Everything about Dynamax bothers me, so yes.
His 102 are already more impressive than Connors' 109
Nope they do not
Yeah, but the quality of those 109 titles is suspect.
This graphic needs the inclusion of Murray and Big 4.
Okay we gotta speed up this grass
RIP Newcastle.
Who's gonna name the court after Roger first - Halle or Basel?
That's not at all how the term started or came about. Maybe learn the history of what you're trying to argue about before speaking.
It was called the Big 4 because for an extremely long stretch of time, it was those 4 guys in the top 4 of the rankings, winning all the titles, making it to all the SFs, all the Finals, dominating the number 1 ranking, rolling to the titles if they were the only one in the draw, etc. You take Murray out of that, and there's a lot more diversity. Obviously Murray is #4 of that designation, and you can certainly say that in terms of overall career achievement, Fed/Nadal/Djokovic are well ahead, but to say that the Big 4 Era never existed, and was just dreamt up by British fanatics, is just you attempting to re-write history.
TOP LADS
Philadelphia isn't in the red portion.
Sanders has not actually answered a single question he's been asked.
Buttigieg is really impressing me tonight. I didn't think much of him before now, but he's been great.
I doubt this is true.
He didn't get called for RTP for hitting the QB, but for the way he took the QB to the ground. Like it or hate it, that's been called consistently this season.
RIP Dolphins fans
tfw you live bet the Michigan ML after they went up 13-7
WOAH
You should try watching our games some time.
Those dumb jet sweeps marched them down the field the last drive.
What an incredible game to watch. God bless the Rose Bowl. Congrats on the win, Duckbros. Gotta be great for Herbert to win as the local kid.
(insert changing key plays in our losses) Quite frankly Harbaugh is lucky to have two wins against MSU See how silly this exercise is?
Nice to see a sporting body in Australia not being openly hostile to Nick for once. Great for everyone, this.
I got the same. That and Arjuna were the outcomes I feared the most.
Yeah I was partially hoping for some useful NP2s with the GSSR
Trust me, we appreciate it
IIRC they were supposed to be, but something happened with Casey’s availability and they paired him with Camila instead.
They were together on Gauntlet 3 until Bananas got eliminated
You put $1000 on Tennessee?
Well this has become decidedly anticlimactic
Christ, that receiver was open too.
Haha it's related to his new show, You.
You didn't think his blowup this season was crazy?
All valid points. I will just say that Zach is an absolute beast at the dailies, which are incredibly significant, but people love to forget about them.
BOTW is a lot better.
2013 Michigan State would have won the natty and nobody can convince me otherwise.
Ugh, I came here to talk trash but I keep forgetting how much better UM basketball fans are than UM football fans. Stop being so nice and reasonable and level-headed, already. See y'all in Ann Arbor!
This. After nominations were announced, the takeaway was, "wow, Netflix! So many nominations! What a win for them." Now, since they didn't win, it's "everyone is biased against Netflix." So silly.
I don't think anything's been confirmed.
And if they kept competing on more seasons, they'd rack up more losses, too. This is such a silly argument.
Proof?
I like to pretend that season just didn’t happen
Champions invading the game part way through was the entire point of the season. Bit different.
Yeah, those are way more like exceptions. I don't think we'd see almost half the cast being couples that are still together. That defeats the whole purpose.
Not the biggest fan of hers, but let's see how it goes! She might shine in the role.
It's a bit embarrassing to not even be listed in the "other teams to watch" list haha
Me too. Excited for when it goes back to being the last game.
New offensive staff. Also better health and training, we’ve been horribly injured the last few years and I think that points to an institutional problem, not dumb luck.
Don’t forget the “if you don’t like me right now, you never liked me at all” rant she went on.
Honestly I think it’s just because she wasn’t fun this season. She admitted this herself on the Challenge Mania pod. On this show, you get to be an asshole as long as you bring entertainment. Time for everyone to move on - we got a new season coming soon enough.
PEAK PAC-12 reffing right there. Absolute garbage call. Should be LSU ball in Clemson territory.
GEAUX TIGERS BABY! So happy for everyone in Louisiana. What a season Burrow(eaux) and Coach O delivered to everyone there. Great ending to this season. Can't wait for August.
Who cares?
I get that it sells, but I’d like a season where the contestants are just... real people who won’t all go on to shilling for Revolve and FitTea on Instagram. That’s all the leads do now, too.
How about the headline, “James Bond producer says women deserve original characters.”
The same creator has a game on the Switch called AI: The Somnium Files.
Don't think you can call it a snub when it's still getting recognized with nominations. Sometimes you can make something great and it's just not the greatest that year.
Maybe the non-Netflix entries were just better this year?
OUATH is going to be a lot of voters' second choice, I think.
You are correct.
Pour one out for A Star is Born :( It won Best Picture in my heart.
Exactly! I left the theater absolutely shattered, and the last few years it's felt like I'm the only person who loved this movie. Glad to see you did as well.
I enjoyed them all in different ways, but A Star is Born resonated with me more, yes.
It's perfectly fine if you play with strategy. One of the OGs without a strong alliance should have created an alliance with the newcomers to try and rig the vote to oust some of the power players. Everyone this season played incredibly honest and straight-up. Don't expect that to continue.
They’ve been living together for years now.
It was obvious Shooby and Joey were day ones, with Shooby also being tight with Rebecca. You have to try and rig the vote so as to be in a position to send one of them home and break up the alliance. I don't think that people didn't know where they stood, just that they didn't want to play the game calculated.
Production didn't "pick" it for Jordan. He saw the walls, knew what it was, and chose to go in. He could have just not flipped the cards.
I like Jordan's chances in Looper, Bananas in Balls In, and Oppenheimer is a toss up, slight edge to Bananas.
Emily and Katie, or Cooke and Heather. Aneesa and Diem make it to the final, but get smoked and take third.
I would really love to go two minutes in commentary during a Fed/Rafa/Djoker match without the number of majors being discussed as if it's the only thing in the sport that matters.
Federer benefits from that more than Rafa, I feel. Though we'll never know. Biggest beneficiary would be Murray.
He's also an alt-right PizzaGate truther
Another victory for the alt right smh
For the Iceland final, I think big Ashley costs that team the W. He’d struggle in the snow with his size and I think would also gas out. Plus on the other team, Landon will just shove any weak links along with his face between their ass cheeks. For the second final, Carley could end up being the weak link that costs the W, but the rest of that team is just so stacked that I trust them to build a lead. Would be way tighter than people would expect at first glance, though, and I think it’s a toss up.
Come on Madison, get it together.
It's amazing the standard we now hold a 38-year old to. He's changed the sport forever. What a match. Gutting it out in the fifth.
I wish there more purges on a season like WOTW2, where performance in the dailies largely didn't matter because the politics ran everything.
Kam is right up there, too. Curious why you're not rating her? Kyle is an obvious choice, to me. Doesn't get nearly enough respect.
They didn't say how many weeks. It's only a matter of weeks until I turn 85.
Why not?
Kind of insane of Nike to not offer that to Fed if he really did angle for it.
Kind of shocking to me considering the global popularity.
Love watching Thiem. He takes the match into his hands and makes people play on his terms more than anybody except Fed when he’s in this kind of mood.
Now Stan is out here memeing #NextGen too. You hate to see it
Do you disagree? I guess it just depends on your definition of quality.
Can we have one thread
In what way? I'm curious. You don't see a lot of people arguing that the WTA is better.
True. I just mean that Djokovic's main key to success has been generally that at the end of the day, he will make fewer mistakes than you, even if his play isn't flashy.
Hate is harmful.
Politics is involved in everything, whether you like it or not. Ignoring reality doesn't change it.
Rafa is going to win an easy 3-0 sets against Kyrgios today after Nick's last match. There are going to be a lot of disappointed people on here expecting a barnburner.
Medvedev lives to ruin my parlays, whether I bet for or against him.
Medvedev was doing most of the running.
Still won't be at the same level. The discourse will be annoying, though.
I think people just get bored and want a new champion. As a person, I don't think there's anything to hate about Novak.
They’re not mutually exclusive. Most people still want to watch sports. It’s just when politics get involved it shouldn’t been out of bounds to discuss it. For instance, when watching Federer/Sandgren tonight, I will 99% be focused on the tennis, while in the back of mind occasionally thinking “Damn, this guy would be way more likable if he wasn’t a PizzaGate truther.”
Then just watch the match. Nobody is forcing you to go on reddit and engage in the discourse.
I’d say Thiem is playing better, but backing Rafa in this one.
It's going to be ugly. Djoko + Hobbled Fed + Slower Surface = Bad News
Really hope the winner of Thiem/Zverev can pull it off. Let's get these young guys some titles.
You really shouldn't be.
Getting older is a bitch, man
ASH BARTY YOU FUCKIN BEAUTY Can't remember the last time I saw that on the WTA
A slice backhand is a backhand.
She mostly slices. Not "normal", but she's #1 in the world, so... it works for her.
Her backhand has been pretty damn effective for her. Did Steffi Graf have a shitty backhand, in your estimation?
Yeah, when the head to head with Djokovic was in Federer’s favor. Rafa benefitted from a well-documented stylistic advantage.
He’s also not 38. Why is this concept of being a half decade younger being an advantage so hard to grasp
They both like being outside and building stuff
We can still say it's better than Joker. Feel like we're losing the point of the piece here.
Steal the cameras
It is now. For me it isn't the first thing I think of with him, because his serve didn't surpass his forehand in terms of importance to his game until he actually got up there in the years. In the 2000's when you thought about Fed, you saw him just crushing winners. He had to up his serve as his movement went down with age.
A tournament to win this year.
If his temper's cooled in recent years, I can see him doing really well. He'd be a challenge beast, and managing the threat level that comes with that would be the biggest hurdle he'd have to overcome, imo. Frank was an underrated athlete on The Challenge.
I'm glad the rest of this sub is finally catching on to how good Cory's edit has been this season. Production clearly wants us to have a good opinion of him and how he's approaching the game. I don't think Nelson can burn his game. Nelson's in a good position with a ticket to the final right now, Cory seems to have a lot of allies even without him, AND to top it all off, he's suddenly... smart?! He's final-bound if he can win an elimination.
*checks Jenna's last name* Yes.
Sarah is in Sandra territory now where their tribes would see keeping them around a long time as absolute insanity. Amanda and Joe are most likely.
It also makes it so the EoE returnee doesn't get a month to form bonds with the jury that the other players don't.
It was designed so that the huge threat doesn't just get voted out if they don't win FIC. Doesn't have to mean socially inept. Even if they've played a great social game, it's not rocket science for the other three to recognize who would probably win at FTC and target them anyway.
She's got her priorities in order
Coach is finally getting his W.
I’m torn between Laurel and Donathan. Angela has no shot.
I think we just void the season at that point.
Honestly some time during Dirty XXX, for me. He most natural role for her personality is that of the victim/outsider/underdog. Once her abilities and resume caught up to the point where she couldn't fit that mold anymore, she just sort of... changed for the worse. Playing the victim when you're the one in power positions never reflects well.
Hmm.. I'm 50/50. I think it'd make for exciting television if they're played correctly, but as a viewer, I enjoy knowing where all the pieces are on the board.
God damn, thanks for the laugh today.
Cheri's always gonna Cheri.
The GOAT. Would've easily been 4 chips (and a 5-2) elimination record if she didn't throw The Ruins to Kellyanne.
I forget what season it was, but there were confessionals from guys saying Evelyn would kick their ass at anything lol
Not having Bananas is absolutely unjustifiable.
Is there a thinner layer of sand on top of the concrete of the eliminations this season? I remember seeing much more brutal takedowns and hits than the ones Jay and Jordan took, but the injury frequency with these is noticeable.
It's a good thing the game isn't purely physical, then. As much as this sub wants to be all about physicality and winning headbanger eliminations, that's such a small part of the game.
Oh, definitely. It was such a joke. Push Me that season was also completely broken. Was almost impossible to not rip the flag off.
Eh, saying he wouldn't have as many wins if "Kenny and Evan hadn't been banned" is asking me to prove a negative. There's no way of knowing what would have happened. That's a flawed argument that doesn't hold water. He's got the most wins, he's one of the best ever in day challenges, one of the best politically, one of the best ever in finals. Luck is just a combination of having the skills and smarts to take advantage of opportunity. It's like saying Tom Brady isn't in the top 5 QB's of all time. Just silly and contrarian for the sake of being contrarian.
It was nice when Tokui with his Kansai upbringing would take her side and explain where he thought she was coming from.
All signs since this season wrapped point to yes. Johnny said on a podcast Wes is now one is his best friends in the Challenge universe.
It’s because they’re trying to have eliminations be more of a coin flip while reserving a few classics.
How can you say it was random luck when they both knocked in every square? It would only have been luck if Bananas has found them in like the first 10 he knocked in. That was an incredibly physical elimination.
All time bad look for Cory lol
Every Bananas win: "wow what garbage that was all luck, production probably rigged it for him" Every Bananas loss: "see Bananas sucks, no two ways about it" There's no winning with you people.
I'd like to see it on a team season rather than an individual season. Team seasons are more likely to have a lot of people coasting to the end just riding a strong team/alliance. If you look at individual seasons, most of the people from those seasons who made the final ended up having to go into elimination at some point, it's just how the math shakes out (unless you're Johnny Reilly and The Draw loves you).
It's mostly passive income. He can definitely take the time.
My main concern with Fessy is he isn't getting a winner's edit. Biiiiiiiiig Free Agents Zach vibes from him.
Kyle.
It does when it's bat meat nobody wants to eat.
I'm pretty sure Rob doesn't pre-game with anybody.
Number one takeaway is that this was one of the best episodes of The Challenge ever. There was a real sense of history about it, and it was basically a 90-minute tribute to two of the game's greats. Awesome stuff. It'll be an episode we remember for a long time. Regarding Kyle, I think this perception of his game is unfair. He's stated in his confessionals a legitimate strategy behind waiting until close to the end go into elimination, so that you'll only have to go in once. It's smart. Saying he's just "there to dick around" goes against what we've been told straight out of his mouth.
Yes, you're a conspiracy theorist lol One key hole in your theory - Johnny dropped out of the challenge and decided to go in as the house vote before Wes was had made the tribunal. He also explained his reasoning for being the house vote instead of being nominated by the tribunal in the episode. This was straight up. Y'all are thinking too hard about it haha
It's multiple choice, and those are both relatively well-known things. US leads the world in shark attacks by a fucking HUGE margin. It's not the first time they've done this for trivia, where you give people strikes. Forces people out into the open with outing who they'd rather screw over. I like it.
The United States leads the world in shark attacks by an absolutely enormous margin. That's a pretty easy question, imo.
Props to you for refusing to call him Swaggy haha
We re-did Island of the Idols but didn't at least get Jamal to FTC? For shame.
I think he beats Parvati if he makes a convincing enough case of an underdog's journey taking on the big alliance by himself and triumphing in the end. Cirie, I don't know. He absolutely beats Amanda.
I don't dislike Dean, but it's crazy to me that people think he played better than Tommy. He made it to FTC, though, and not as a GOAT. He's clearly got somethin' goin on that works.
The FMC at Final 4 was, and is, a great idea that should never go away.
It's either you lose to Tony at FMC, or you lose to Tony sitting next to him at FTC. Either way, you lose. The only way she could've won is to do the Underwood, and she chose not to, sealing her fate. When you only play the game for 5 days, you need to cram as many moves in there as possible.
Been looking forward to this graphic since Wednesday. Great stuff! What a clash of titans.
Achieved all that he did despite playing at the same time as the 3 greatest players of all time. Of course he's a Top 10 player.
Cochran is gonna be at least a 94, if I'm reading the trends of these rankings right.
Fabio is an underrated winner. There, I said it.
I actually thought Fabio was pretty smart about recognizing people's perception of him and using that to his advantage to minimize himself as a threat for a while.
Don't you sleep on Natalie Napalm like that
Probst tried to give him a lifeline at the reunion, and Shannon proceeded to strangle himself with it.
And for indirectly giving us one of the most savage voting confessionals of all time via Spencer
Switch Minori and Misaki and this is about exactly how I'd have them, too. Outside of Naa-chan, who I'd have higher, but I understand she's polarizing. edit: Clarifying that what I meant is that I liked Naa-chan more than where she's slotted here.
Oh no, I think I could've worded that better! I'd have her higher, haha. I really liked her, and thought a lot of the drama having to do with her was mainly because of misunderstandings and different ways of communicating.
Just straight up "you're out" because of the winner of the daily decides it? No way in hell. That'd be like if you got voted out of Survivor just on the vote of who won immunity.
Definitely. Something I've noticed watching the older seasons on Pluto is that for the most part, outside of some classics and a couple seasons (Free Agents were all physical), the eliminations are 50/50 crapshoots more often than not.
Really disappointed, but not all that surprised. His whole ethos, stemming from his hand, is that nothing can keep you down if you don't let it. He's wrong, of course.
I agree with you. I wonder if there was some producer intervention in staging it as a full house meeting and confrontation instead handling it in a more organic way.
That was a regular spot on a lot of my runs. That whole southern edge of campus doesn't get enough love (though it was nice often having it all to myself).
There's way more to being good at this game than eliminations.
I'll go one step further – people on this sub grossly overrate how important eliminations are when evaluating how good people are as players in this game.
Cochran says hi lol
Not just helped – cemented.
I'm watching it right now and there are a lot of models and people wanting to be actors. It's not immune to that, but does have a way different energy than the tail end of Tokyo 2019-2020 (which I think as a season is underrated now due to the ugliness that scars the back end of it). The episodes can all be found with english subs on Dramanice for anyone interested. :)
I'm not OP, but this is pretty simple. If you say rude things about somebody, even if they don't hear it, it's still rude. It's not enough to just be kind to people to their face.
I wouldn't go that far. The criticism he got after that Kyoto tower scene was still warranted, that wasn't the editing's fault. For the most part, they're shown as complex individuals who have their good and bad moments. I just feel like with Boss we probably weren't shown his better moments, like with Ami from OND.
I disagree with the author's ending thoughts that Terrace House was trying to sell us a utopia of kind, perfect people, and Hana's fight with Kai broke that illusion. There were always fights and disagreements, as well as the faults of the people being exposed and talked about among the housemates. It just was done in a way more typical of the real world, rather than the obvious over-dramatization typical of American reality TV conflicts. Even Hana's outburst at Kai, though louder in volume than many of the previous arguments, was genuine in a way that felt in keeping with the show.
Definitely JT. At one point another player literally said they would do whatever they could so that JT could win the million dollars. The hold he had over people that season was insane. Same with how everyone just loved Kim and she was in everyone's final plans.
Can someone confirm if these two ever got married
"Fabio, get your head out of the trees, man!"
JT transformed from maybe the most dominant winner ever, to a true moron twice over.
Have to justify it somehow. Ashley controlled that narrative.
I don't know about that. It works to a degree but it doesn't carry the same emotional heft and week-to-week fun.
Haha fair
Tyson's error still hits. Damn.
He more than made up for that by running BvW from wire to wire.
I still don't see how it's necessary, it's not as if she's shown in a good light. She's still getting a heavy villain edit, which is... appropriate.
It'll be going forward, there won't be retroactive punishment.
If she sues MTV, no way does she get an invite back. That's burning every bridge in existence.
Lol at Bayleigh just expecting things to be handed to her being mad at Dee for competing, crying about wanting a better life as if Swaggy isn't constantly bragging about how rich they are Shout out to Josh for getting robbed of what actually would've been a pretty good episode for him Everything else aside, truly baffled by MTV felt the need to edit all this out because of Dee. This shows her as a clear villain, their edit showed her as an underdog.
You mean aside from Kenny and Evan?
I thought that helped Bayleigh. Having seen the unedited version, she doesn't come off that well, imo.
Tony's misadventures in his love life don't merit any consideration in being included with what we're talking about these days. Come on, now. We're also including Laurel for taking verbal digs and being a bit harsh sometimes? FOH. It's a TV show, not church.
Being pressured to do something doesn't make it the right thing to do.
The power couple we deserved.
Cory also hasn't had a lot of control in whether he could send him in or not. He's in a good spot right now, though. There's four guys remaining without and elimination win, and I fancy his chances against all of the other three.
I thought it was pretty clear from the edit that Josh's length just gave him a huge advantage and Bananas didn't care enough to fight him like Dee/Bayleigh. If they did collude, they were a lot smarter about it than the other pairs. Rogan literally just gave Kyle all his flags.
Before each Challenge/Elim TJ spends time going through and answering questions about the rules with the cast. That stuff doesn't make it to air.
I'd really like them screening more for that third point, so that it isn't just an inevitable race to a top 2 featuring a white blonde and a white brunette, regardless of how diverse the cast starts out.
Can we get a buddy comedy with these 3 or something
Malcolm wins GC if JT doesn’t fuck up, don’t @ me
LOUDER. FOR. THE. PEOPLE. IN. THE. BACK. This shit's been infuriating today. This post should be pinned to the top of the sub.
Bit of an unfair assumption. Some people don't date around a lot, doesn't mean they're not ready for a serious commitment.
Between the two quitters that season, I would've liked if they swapped how their edits were handled.
Nah, when you're producing a show you have to know when it ends. Theoretically this could make it so the season is up to 50% longer due to eliminations not resulting in people going home. Production nightmare.
It was a thing back when BB20 aired.
There hasn't been an opportunity for every girl to go in, just mathematically. If they did it after the next round, I suppose it would be fair. I still doubt they'd do a purge in a season like this. Going off the last few seasons, we've still got at least 7-8 more episodes, if not more.
Where are you getting it from that just new seasons are focused on a few people? It's the case every season where it centers around a few storylines. Just look at a couple of the seasons widely regarded as the best: Fresh Meat II (mainly Wes v. Kenny) and Rivals (CT vs. J-E-K).
I'm holding out hope that this season will be longer, since they'll want to milk it due to the quarantine. I just really don't want to see a fucking purge. Take us down to the final with just straight up eliminations, as God intended.
I'm a big fan of both shows – If you like Survivor, I'd recommend starting out with a season like Fresh Meat II, where there was a heavy focus on alliances from Day 1. The seasons all have different themes and gameplay mechanics, which keeps it fresh. Results in some seasons being very heavy on a social game, and some being very much more geared towards performance.
Wait to see how they handle the next episode before deciding to spoil yourself. I think we'll still get a quality product, it'll just be less focused on Dee than it might have been otherwise.
The more calm setting of OND was the best part of it, for me. To each their own. I prefer it to ITC.
...Baby Murray?
Fed straight up didn't lose a match on a surface for half a decade. What the fuck.
Ozzy sent himself there the first time on purpose to take out someone on the other tribe and ensure his alliance the numbers at the merge. That's fucking galaxy brain strategy.
Imagine if that idol was in play and Cirie found it.
Great trio of guys. Best three-man bromance for me is Shion, Shohei, and Taka. *THE TEARS*.
There are people who dispute that? I'd really like to do a poll of the average age of people here, or at least when they started following tennis.
Here you go. Saying, "personally, I'm opposed to vaccination" seems pretty clear to me. I guess you could make an argument he's just narrowly talking about a hypothetical COVID-19 vaccine, but why take the stance that he wouldn't take before it's even developed? He also uses language that's indicative of an anti-vaxx stance. He and his wife definitely have a history of some... alternative beliefs, so it shouldn't come as a shock. https://www.theguardian.com/sport/blog/2020/apr/20/no-vaxx-djokovic-why-his-spiritual-world-view-can-have-a-dangerous-side Nothing against the man, but you know, maybe don't throw doubt at science during a pandemic without any basis or expertise in the field.
Josh and Devin aren't in competition with each other for casting, they're completely different personalities.
Definitely more of a win – he went into an elimination without getting eliminated.
Yeah, that list they threw out there is legitimately insane.
His HvV game is underrated, too. Goes out earlier but barring Tyson making an all-time stupid move, he was positioned so well.
I have one word for you, my friend: Dramanice. Enjoy BxGND!
How'd it go the last time Russell was on a season to go one-on-one against somebody? Hmm.
Just do a search for some academic sources/CDC guidelines/Fauci interviews instead of asking people on reddit who mostly won't know what they're talking about.
...What's the story behind this?
Francesca returns and her tribe boots her first again, just for the memes.
Exactly. If there's anything we can learn from the American criminal justice system, it's that pure punishment doesn't work. You've got to bring people into the fold and educate.
Not sure why you're being downvoted, this hits the nail on the head. None of his positive content got aired, and it's clear it existed based on his relationships with the rest of the cast.
Watching Kenny’s behavior on The Ruins is TOUGH these days.
Mixed bag. The Challenges for the most part have been good with a couple duds, same with the eliminations. The house drama has been fun and the interesting and differing strategies around the red skulls have provided a fun wrinkle. Did not like Zach and Jenna being such a focus with Zach not even being on the show. Hate the editing out of Dee last episode. Don’t really like the setting of the bunker, give me pool parties. Editing has been uneven. Overall it’s been good! The Challenge is still The Challenge. I think in the end this will be a season like Dirty XXX that’s more fun on a rewatch than the initial week-to-week run.
The dailies have been really mixed. Some were great, but there’s been a few duds.
This is ridiculous. We're seriously running back the clay swing in the fall? Insane.
There was fun house stuff last week, but because Dee was in it, MTV decided that we had to be protected from it.
Everyone else on HVV was playing Survivor, Tyson was playing 4D chess
RELEASE THE SNYDER CUT
Eh, I disagree about be anti-climactic, I thought it was incredibly exciting coming back week after week watching Tony and just thinking, "...is he really going to pull this off?!"
Ymmv indeed, I enjoyed s21 a lot. Dominance can be a lot of fun if it's done by someone who's entertaining.
You're in the minority for sure, but I'm with you. I love the added element of drama, and that a big threat still gets a shot at FTC if they don't win final immunity. Always lame seeing a favorite go home at the last hurdle purely for being the best.
I really wish people would stop with the conspiracy nonsense you bring up in the second paragraph. They really wanted Ben to win so badly that they invented a game mechanic that they've kept consistently for years after despite fan backlash? It just beggars belief. We get it, you don't like that Ben won. How would knowing about it beforehand have even changed the outcome, or the endgame planning? They're still thwarted by Ben finding idols, and Ben still has to make fire at F4.
"From day 1 to day 38, I did this AMA twice, once during the day, and once at night."
Are you forgetting the fucking fly swatter elimination from Cutthroat? The show has always been this way. This version of the show where it's all based on physicality and athleticism has never existed (except maybe Free Agents). You're looking back on previous seasons with serious rose colored glasses and doing some real revisionist history. The only thing different about this season is the bunker setting and red skulls, and they've continued the trend of airing less of the house antics. Everything else from the dailies/eliminations has been on par with how the show's always been.
The Player of the Week is definitely Cory, and he'll win that, so I'm going to throw a vote Nany's way for being outed as being a good competitor, in a season where everyone on this sub has done nothing but shit on her.
Eh, Cory probably makes more than a lot of other parents' salaries just by appearing on the show. Considering he can be on basically any season he wants, it's a pretty stable gig for him at the moment.
This is the way, right here.
This sub has a large bias against anyone who wins doing anything other than being a strategic mastermind. If your game is predicated on social or physical abilities, you're considered a bottom tier winner here. Advancing with individual immunities is just as valid a route to victory as anything else.
He was also with a group of numbskulls who were playing for fifth and sixth place.
That number's way more than 70%, it's 100% financially worth it for him haha
Melissa is definitely getting a winner edit this episode, for sure.
So Nia just has no agency here? I'm confused.
KING
We also gonna talk about how he legit could have stayed sitting on that pole in the rain for like 20 hours? That was nuts. CI Ozzy is one of my all-time favorite players
David on EOE coming back from one of the reward challenges about Joe "What it must be like to be him!" haha
Who is the 'they' you're referring to?
Probably having more fun than ever, tbh. I think he said a few years ago that after that 2017 AO the pressure's off, and everything from then on is just icing on the cake.
Got it! I agree, just wasn't sure. Thanks.
Watching previous seasons he does actually refer to it as "his final", so the answer is yes. He just didn't do it all the time, because there wasn't a game mechanic that made the final relevant to talk about every episode.
For The Fool – Fabio ran so Devon could walk.
Man, Amber can get it.
Devens probably would have and should have beaten Gavin at FTC, but Gavin still should've beaten Chris. Gavin was on the right side of the votes all game, and never had a vote cast against him. Granted, that may have been because he just wasn't viewed as a threat, but it's still a good resume.
100%. He was a lock as soon as the cast was leaked.
Imagine a Tony/Spencer alliance on Second Chance. Maaaaaaaan.
The game has also just changed so much. Nobody in the modern NHL is ever going to be able to put up anything close to the point totals that Gretzky did.
Not his whole career, but certainly starting around 2008-09 when heavy topspin took over and his backhand was severely hampered.
Ask Jay how going in super early worked out for him. Kyle's used to getting thrown in over and over. Swaggy knows he's a rookie who's an easy mark to go in multiple times once he goes in. Timing it for late-game so that you only go in once is smart. Josh should've gone in against Jay once he saw it was Balls In instead of giving Rogan a lay up.
I disagree, I think Josh had a big advantage – definitely not as big an advantage as Rogan, I'll give you – it was probably the best shot he was going to have in this game.
Just have to make a rule where if you're going to say something, it has to be out loud to the whole group. No secret whispers.
How the hell are y'all getting these layouts?
If she won Micro or Game Changers she'd be at Sandra's level
Cool, man. We don't have to agree!
Man, I don't know how you guys do this. I get injured in like 5 seconds without it.
The nice part is it at least worked out, if the whole thing is individual, Bananas and Laurel probably still win.
TIL that Kaycee is Derrick Rose
Would've been even more perfect if Rob ended with "fast and sloppy" instead "fast and hard"
Nope. Just like every season, there's been some good ones, and some lame ones. We're par for the course.
Opening New Doors is the next best one that's on Netflix.
Because the field has to get whittled down to three or four anyway, that time will come. Fessy doing solids for his alliance members and not going back on his word is smart gameplay for future seasons. Gotta establish a trustworthy rep.
Why is Lovren doing this to us
Almost all of the rivalries are faked. It’s a TV show. They’ve at least got the backstory for it.
I believe it. Pretty much everyone on the cast is cool with each other. But if we’re having Rivals, that’s top of the list of teams I want.
I dunno, I think switching between male and female eliminations accomplished that a bit. Between his first and third elimination round, Jay had at least 2 weeks to form bonds in the house and keep from being sent in again, which is a ton of time to try and turn your game around. Just couldn't get it done (even though he made some good points at the last vote).
I'll say it again – Redemption Island is a fun season. Watching an entertaining personality dominate is a good time.
To be fair, nobody adjusts like Tony. If anything I'd say Rob is with Parv and Sandra, while Tony is on another level from all three.
How on earth can you defend Sandra giving up good positioning on Dakal by giving Denise an idol to idol her out, which is an all-time dumb move, over Rob attempting the buddy system as a hail mary knowing he was screwed. This is an insane take
...Have you seen Cagayan or Winners at War?
I graduated a while ago, when did Harpers take over as the ratchet spot from Ricks?
A good idea executed horribly becomes a bad idea very quickly.
Yeah, this simply isn't true, and it never will do. These people have a massive platform, along with fame and fortune that have been made possible by the public tuning into their games/matches. They have a moral obligation to be good role models and not be fucking morons.
Oh, don't be glib, you know what I mean. Not everyone has an attentive fanbase of millions. Djokovic being a good role model is more important on a global scale than me being a good role model. With fame comes added responsibility.
Idk, I'm still glad we got the end. I though the stuff towards the end with Madison was really compelling.
It probably would've been Hannah G if everything played out like normal. By the time it was F3 he was probably dead set on Cassie, but Hannah G. was his front-runner for a good part of that season until he started falling for Cassie more.
Being wrong once doesn't mean you can never be right.
Rogan has had an impeccable social game his entire time on the Challenge, it's kind of astounding.
Ah, someone in here actually making sense instead of just blindly jumping on unsubstantiated rumors.
"We'll never have proof, therefore it's probably true!"
Rings incredibly hollow.
He needs a brain.
That's why Cao Boi invented the split vote.
States can only give more rights than the federal government, not restrict them. The federal government has a lot of power when it comes to the expansion of voting rights nationwide. Less voter suppression is always a good thing. How could the federal government "make it worse"?
Committing a crime doesn't revoke your citizenship. They're citizens whose lives are affected by what the people in power do, same as you and me.
Obvious handball but no point whining about it I guess Wijnaldum's getting closer and closer to the net with each strike
Salah heard some of you were talking shit
Yeah, my buddy's sister is a millionaire off being a person at the top of one, tricking people into losing money. It's gross.
This Daily Challenge is sick. Such a good idea. Requires physical strength, smarts, and teamwork.
Andy continues to be the most relatable tennis star. I make these noises all the time while missing badly haha
That's what playing offense will do for ya.
Does anybody know a Secretary of State that has appointment spots open in July? My license expires 7/31 and I can't find a location that I can go to before then. I don't care where I have to drive to.
I mean, it's almost definitely going to be a 1/5 combo.
Fuck it, why not? I enjoyed Aloha State. It's fun in its own right. Plus, Guy.
Like fine wine
ESH Your daughter shouldn't have done that, but this punishment is extreme, to me. That's a LOT of money, even though it isn't her college fund, that's still $15k that she earned herself! That's a future downpayment on a house, or financial security for a young graduate. Did you talk to your daughter about why she did this? The motivation behind it? This seems like an incredibly weird action that may have some backstory behind it. Also, I understand the dress had financial value and priceless emotional value, but did you sister actually have to pay for it? From the story it seems like she didn't, so now it's like she's receiving a windfall from your daughter. Even while it's not the form it was in, she still has the dress from grandma as an object to remember her by, even if she won't wear it in her wedding. Taking the extra $3k remaining as an "emotional distress tax" to bring her down to $0 just feels arbitrary and vindictive. Your daughter made a huge mistake, but this is overkill. A more fitting punishment would have been to have her pay for the cheaper dress your sister was originally going to buy. Your relationship with your daughter may be damaged for a long time, and she may have a hard time ever trusting you again.
September in Michigan is wonderful. Expect most days to be between 70-90. You're picking a great time to move.
What is this makeup login saint quartz I keep hearing about?
Hoooooly moly! That's amazing. Does that happen before, during, or after the Skadi banner?
Seriously, I checked even in super rural areas, and they're still booked up into September. Are they only allowing like three appointments per day, or something? This is crazy.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
All I know is it's a huge 3 points for Liverpool
Damn, female Todd can get it.
People in here acting like politics isn't half the game and a key skill to have
Hell yes. If she found a way to walk back onto our TV's we'd all react like Tokui lol
Rent free.
What's wrong with emotional vulnerability?
We've really gotta stop treating these people like we're entitled to anything from them and just let them live their lives. She'll post what she wants to. Christ.
Waiting for the day when we swap out Monte Carlo as a Masters in favor of Queens or Halle. One can dream.
I almost wish Wimbledon would save Centre Court for the QF and on, so that the tail end of the tournament is still played on the pure form of the surface. Especially now that the grass itself already plays slower than it used to.
Monte Carlo specifically is already the one that's relegated to the bottom of the Masters due to it not being completely mandatory and already feeling like an after-though, and since the clay/grass seasons basically go back-to-back with no break, it's easiest to shift the week from the perspective of the logistics of the calendar. I've got no objection to taking out one of the hard Masters instead providing it makes as much sense (possibly Miami or Cincinnati). In a perfect world, for me personally, the Masters would be 4-3-2 or 5-2-2 between Hard, Clay, and Grass, respectively, imo, but hey, babysteps.
No, it doesn't just drop into Monte Carlo's spot on the calendar. Monte Carlo is still held, but is now a 500. Halle or Queen's becomes a Masters. It may be an old tournament, but it is the only Masters that isn't a requirement to play. Makes it the easiest mark for replacement.
BIG MIKE.
Bold.
Gonna have to go with the 7's on this one – PI and DvG are pretty much universally regarded as all-timers, Gabon is ridiculous in a good way, and I personally love BvW. The 8's are taking the silver for me.
Parv/Amanda never felt like a true duo like these others, maybe early game, but then Parv kinda branched off with her wider BWB. I don't know if I'd count them. Malcolm and Denise &gt;
MTV has been airing older episodes on Thursdays, I think?
You missed the joke
Joe beating Chris at the final EOE challenge and going on to win S38 was definitely production's dream scenario.
I'll never understand why people don't think we can work on multiple things at once.
I'm going to piggy-back off the Nany content in this post to air out my least favorite part of the "ticket to the final" concept, which is that it makes a stellar social game almost completely irrelevant. Just like how Survivor has had its "BiG mOvEz" era, The Challenge right now is in the "eliminations are ALL THAT MATTER" era, and I hate both equally.
I was actually spoiled for WOTW2, and I'm glad for it. I can only imagine how angry I would have been week to week had I not known it would have a happy ending.
I mean, you're already well into it, may as well finish. I personally found Opening New Doors to be the most entertaining of the seasons on Netflix.
