If ?
I bet we see a new album of originals in the next 18 months, and. Bet he has many albums worth of unreleased stuff and boxsets worth of unrecorded stuff in his vault.
Thanks, i appreciate that. Maybe while i have you, you can find out why the 30/31 is so inconsistent lately. I have a 4 year old and we travel that route daily and it is never on time anymore and it is stressful on her as we are often late for her camp and or waiting for long periods at the bus when we are always early.
Appreciate the feedback! Keep it up please, much appreciated.
Does he expect some applause or a gold ribbon for telling the truth for the first time in years ? He should be tried for treason.
I think i reD Garcia stayed up all night instead of getting up at 5am for his pick up as their set was at 10am.
Most of you have read Food Of The Gods, but if you have not it really is great. Now i am not sure that magic mushrooms helped evolution ( though i have not heard a better hypothesis ) but one can definitely see how it would of given birth to some forms of religion and society in early man, however rudimentary.
Think of it not as monkeys but of "Lucy", beings already down from the trees becoming hunter gatherers, on the cusp of an evolutionary step.
Can I ask a few dumb questions? Are those cartridges some kind of standard size, as in can you attach them to many kids of pens? How many hits does a cartridge like that give ? Do you use them under a specific temp or voltage? Appreciated.
This is like the climate change arguement. Yes, a ferry built here is going to be way more expensive, but we will be employing people from this province for years to build them, they in turn spend their money here and pay their taxes here. I liken this to green energy, sure the solar-wind-tidal industry will be expensive to start and oil is easier, but if you look at the bigger picture it is much cheaper if we just start now.
You need to read more. The greens are even for the pipeline if alberta would process it and refine instead of wanting to pipe-ship bitumen.
Oh, I do not think Alberta will make a refinery, that would be sensical.
Eh, have you been downtown on Canada day? There is 10s of thousands of EXTRA people on the streets many of which are intoxicated, mixing with families and seniors. If ever there is a day we need police just wandering around downtown it’s that day. Even if they do nothing their entire shift, just being there is a calming measure on the crowd.
Beacon hill park, the cook street playground area is fenced.
I am with you completely. It seems to be a vast over reach against our personal liberties as Canadians.
Came to say this, you got it covered.
The twisted extracts sativa 80mg apple is surprisingly good, tastes like jolly rancher, the orange tastes like orange jello. With you on the consistancy, tried so many, mota was the worst.
Not a good choice, at all.
I am sure I am not the only one who use to go see the jays at exhibition stadium. It was so much fun and filled with energy even if it was not built for baseball and windy and cold in the shade. The Dome is a joke that some nut thought of on a cocaine binge. Toronto would do so well building a great medium sized outdoor, real grass park at exhibition or Ontario place and leave the sky dome for car shows and monster trucks.
The biggest issue is how far the fans are from the field, it kills the energy completely. The other issue is the field, baseball needs to be played on grass.
Lol no, not 82. 1972. Jerry Merl and Billy on drums like the pacific high show?
Re up link please?
They could easily be stockpiling bubble hash from the last year.
One of my first shows, took the terrapin bus from a head shop in Toronto that we used to buy the golden road from. I think CSN opened the show and Crosby said something about these heads did not know what a hippie was.
Looks like swamp things hand.
They could of done loads differently. Helping craft cannabis is number one, instead of the usual and let giant corporations sell shitty product in unenviromental ways. We should be buying cannabis from respected craft growers in our own neighbourhoods towns and cities not buying from nameless giant corporations on the other side of the country.
This is how Scheer will get voters to forget we are in the starts of a global climate meltdown. Do not fall for it voters.
There are many peoples yards within a few KM of the venue ( walking distance ) that you can park your car at for 10-20$ and then sleep on their lawn. Do not drive intoxicated, you will wake up in jail.
I find you always get a Terrapin up here in the PNW because of the northwest corner line.
Phish adds new material pretty much every tour, we love it, maybe not as enthusiastically as a Tweezer or a Ghost but new material is appreciated. I think Deadco is going to have to get with some new material or lose Mayer’s attention.
Maybe they should stick with the story that made the event and characters so loved in the first place instead of thinking you know better and changing things so much that the only thing that is actually the same as the source material is the name.
The difference is keeping Meyer or not. I can not see him staying interested unless they work on some new music. Just my opinion. Also LOL on having to announce in advance to let fans know they are adding 2-3 new songs per run?! Heads are hilariously entitled feeling.
ehh, the redecan stuff is DRY and lacking in any smell, outside a hint of what it use to smell like. not saying this whistler stuff is worth it at all, just saying it is much different than redecan.
Eh? I find most of the legal weed has almost no terpenes at all. Broken Coast had the highest but even that was not as it should be. Most of this legal weed has been dried to such a degree that the terps are long gone.
I am sick of the trope of 1 billion disposable bad guys. There is zero tension, everyone knows how it will end. Beyond boring.
Have you tried their carts before? Very interested, particularly that strain! Reviews ?
Weed is not the be all end all answer, but it really can help short term. A strong Sativa like train wreck can turn my black cloud into a dancing disco ball of hope for a few hours, and sometimes that is just enough.
Wooks be wookin out.
No idea, it is not just you. He was much louder and easier to distinguish when he played with the allman brothers. Someone should ask him.
I try to make it harder for my neighbours to smell, I do not want to be that hated neighbor. I move around if I see people out, or I’ll stub it out until they are not ne’er by, never smoke when I her parents the kids out. We should all try to be kind. I know I would not be happy if I smelled cigarettes every topime I went outside, cigarette smell makes me sick. Try to put yourself in your neighbours shoes.
ROTFL
That looks really dry and brown. How is the smell, feel?
You sound mentally ill and should seek counselling immediately. I thank the world for not putting someone like you as my neighbour. Find help, it is available.
Oh I never said do not smoke, I just said I personally TRY to keep it from interfering with the non smoking lifestyle and enjoyment of my neighbours. Same reason I do not blast my Grateful Dead concerts while working in the yard, I put on headphones or just listen inside, it would be more enjoyable to me if I could blast a show in the yard, but not much fun if everyone did likewise and chances are I would hate their tastes in music as much as they hated mine.
What lights etc did you use, I know nothing about growing but want to try this fall or late summer.
I like that idea, I would also like an easier clause to terminate positions on grounds of code of conduct and age. We do not need some 75 year old out of touch racists sitting untouchable.
It is one of the best runs, and a superb boxset , 6/7/77 and 6/8/77 get over looked because of everything that went down in 1977 , but they are both awesome shows and you get that great mix of chill hometown show, and 77 gonna steal your face now.
Honest question, does Scheer and the conservatives even admit that climate change is real? Because making a plan for something you do not believe in is difficult if not impossible.
So, why exactly did the driver not call the police? Are the police not the ones who should sort this out and decide if ths guy is "crazy" or legitimately a threat to safety? At the very least the guy should get a few year ban from transit, walking every where will give him the opportunity to think about his biggotted behavior.
Paranoia on my part maybe, and a want of supporting local growers. I have heard there are a few good Moms operating out of the Victoria area, selling Island grown product. I have zero clue of the names.
The night before, also seattle 30 minute Scarlet Fire, Terrapin and Dew all in the second set. Not the greatest show I ever saw by any means but we had a good ol time. 6/13/94
Ask them if there is a time they specifically hate the pot smoke. Maybe they need their windows open at 6 pm when they cook dinner and it always seems like you smoke just that moment. Regardless, just being cognizant that the pot bothers them is the first step in a better relationship, you may be neighbors for decades.
Just so you know you are not alone, I think I am the only pot smoker on my street. At times I have full on panic attacks worrying I am bothering them, then mad at myself for ruining my buzz that I feel I earned from a hard day. I have never talked with my neighbors about it, one of which is a window shutter, I actually heard her scream "the smoke" before running around closing every window. So I try to smoke on my driveway now as it gives us more buffer. I would love to know what they think of me, ha, maybe not.
Do you think she understands that you are trying to be respectful ? I have a similar scene here.
Cattle Point. It also has the best tidal pools in Victoria. May see you there.
Party Time opener, and a FAT and SWEATY Harpua sometime tonight.
Waves from Vancouver Island as well.
Best show I saw in person by any band and that includes the Grateful Dead may have been 11/23/96 by Phish at Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver. This was there first tour that was all hockey arena sized and they adjusted their sound accordingly, they filled every square centimetre with sound, it was loud but clear as crystal. The second set will give you goosebumps it was just so damn intense and experimental, it was like Hendrix, Zeppelin, Grateful Dead, Talking Heads and Zappa were abducted by aliens and reformed into some new and unknown entity previously unheard.
Victoria has some great comic shops downtown and nicely close together. Legends, and curious comics are two.
Also cherry bomb toys is close by as well, sell some comics but a lot of cool retro toys and such.
They need a new smaller stadium with real grass and seating that is CLOSE to the action. That alone will bring people out to the park, and it would not feel so damn empty in a smaller park. Ontario place is currently looking for a developer with a plan, get on it!
*Aimed, and missed the target completely is more like it. Near daily cannabis user for 30+ years, never seen such shitty weed, you honestly would have to try to fuck it up as bad as it is. You can visit a hundred subs and see people who know nothing about growing weed doing a better job than most of the legal producers, it is a complete joke from the packaging, to the laws to the product.
9-7 and I think I am being generous.
The vacant Douglas Hotel on the next street over burned down, the smoke effected the toy shop, I know they closed for a bit, it looked open yesterday, but I do not know for sure.
Sounds amazing! I was really looking forward to time out of mind sessions, but this is by no means a let down.
A top 5 ( with bonus disc ) release for me. The greatest story ever told from this release is the most intense version ever played, Jerry fucking explodes, we dubbed it the Maelstrom Jam, I picture the Melenium Falcon hitting lightspeed while getting sucked apart into a giant black hole.
Another reason we need more music festivals and outdoor concerts here in general.
That is really cool! He sat in twice with The a Dead that I know of, once in 1985 and once in 1973. He was co leader of many bands with Jerry Garcia from 1971-1979, sharing in some of Garcia’s greatest moments. I would consider selling it to one of the bands out there still touring the Jerry Garcia repertoire , there are a bunch, I bet one of them would be very interested.
Not even close. I personally can not handle Bob singing Dew, not a knock on deadco as I think they are great ( but slow ).
Vapexhale cloud evo is the one I have, used it for 2 years, it is the best vape you will ever find imo. I use it with the vortex water bong it came with, thing will blow your mind, so flavour, huge clouds and you can get high on crumbs.
We need to press our local government to equip shore only power while these floating cities are here.
Last 3 Phish Toronto shows I am near sure they were off by 1030ish.
So on the first day of declaring a climate emergency we approve a pipeline of the dirtiest oil product known to man. Literally the definition of irony.
It worked for him the first time. Every poll kept saying no chance, now we’ve had this orange ass for over two years.
is tonights show being webcast, I can not find the link on Phish site and I wanted to purchase ?
Thanks! going crazy trying to find it.
Will do, appreciated!
Thanks!
There was a nice Stash last time in Toronto.
\*poutine dude, poutine.
Nod to the legal weed in Toronto.
First Toronto Phish show I have missed since 1992, I am a bit sad for myself right now, just could not swing it from Vancouver Island. Super happy for my friends and family there though. Callin Trey coming out in a Raptors jersey for set 2 ( not that we would know-ha! )
Mike and Fish are mind melded.
is it dark yet ?
Proshot DWD from Phish's last show in Toronto. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVPtr7YX8oo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVPtr7YX8oo)
Had my kids do a faceplant in that chair and be sort of trapped, I know at one point there was a recall here on them. Not fear mongering, just a heads up.
Fee encore
big big thanks to [http://mixlr.com/brandon-johnston-2/](http://mixlr.com/brandon-johnston-2/) (aka [/u/bisq1](https://www.reddit.com/u/bisq1/) \- thank you!) that was great, much appreciated!
Saw the 99-00 ones, missed last night, looks like a fun show!
As in the Hendrix song?
Can we get some of our more vibrant LGBQ folks to stage a love in in front of the bible people? Maybe a different couple could show up and make out every hour?
I brought both my babies to strong start. It is great. It is not either or this or moms groups, do both, do it all. Trust me, you can tell the kids in kindergarten who did not go to strong start and have zero clue how to deal with being in a classroom vs kids who were in daycare or just moms groups. It literally is a strong start.
That is just horrid.
Regardless that is an astounding number, grab him by the pussy really got white women to vote for him? You americans need to be studied by future generations to find out how you turned out this way.
Costco sells pure 100% peanut butter. You are dead on, do not listen to your detractors, icing sugar, corn oil byproducts and palm oil should not be in your peanut butter.
I find giving myself the rule of no snacking without drinking a large glass of water first helps, a lot of time my stoned brain tells me I am hungry I am actually dehydrated.
You sound like my buddies back in 1996 while going to 11/23/96. This Phish thing is just a phase to cash in on deadheads after Jerry died ( Phish had been playing on the road over 15 years at that point ).
Glass, temperature controls, flavour and reliability. Vapexhale cloud evo.
Undermind is an incredible song, I wish they played it more.
How can they afford to water a golf course in Southern California is my honest question?
Glide opener, Fee encore.
In your dream did the Democrats grow a sack? Because as I see it, they would just wring their hands and look annoyed while doing literally nothing.
I thought being a nazi in Germany was a prisonable offence?
This would be a great movie, or remake. I love survival movies.
And Vancouver BC deserves a show.
Try his movie called 50/50 I bet it changes your mind.
I loved that show! It was my first first set YEM !!! Worth checking out the entire show.
Did they provide lube?
Tycho is amazing!
Bite your tongue! He is a world treasure!
I met Bill Murray at a Grateful Dead show, he was just wandering around the pre show lot scene called shakedown street stopping at different peoples parties. He stopped by ours and hung out for an hour, we were mostly Canadians, he told us great stories about Canadians he worked with, and times he had in Canada making movies. One great story was about going to dan akroyds cottage in Muskoka and how funny John Belushi was off camera and how they all loved each other. He seemed very genuine and I have a great bullshit meter. He offered me his back stage pass as he left, which I declined as I did not want to separate from my group in my state.
What you linked is magformers I believe, which are amazing, my kids love them and so do I, but they are much smaller then the video.
Glide and Fee tonight, also feeling Foam.
I think it would take a run of shows or longer to get used to a guitar like that.
GTFO, Trump loyalists and apologists are not wanted in our fine city or country for that matter,. Hope you have a terrible day.
This is low bar humour, you can do better ( I hope ? )
Who knew Stephen Colbert played swing.
Highlights just how horrible the camera work is on nugs. They never show that perspective for more than 1.6 seconds at a time.
Love that song, reminds me of Division Bell era Floyd.
Another zinger!
Phish has a really cool new light set up. It’s tiny compared to Floyd’s but super powerful and very psychedelic. Today’s lights blow away any old tech and are lighter, can move and change to any colour you like. The actual trus the lights are attached to can move around robotically controlled by joysticks on the fly is a pretty modern development as well and can have truly mind bending results. Here is Phish light show from last year in time lapse to see what I am saying. https://youtu.be/zpYjaY14298
It’s even better this year as they are still figuring out how best to be using the moving rig, and they have a bunch of other lighting effects like turning the crowd behind the stage into a living lava lamp. Very trippy in person.
I was at this show, this was the summer of covers, they busted out covers every night almost. I was the only one in my section that even knew what song had just started and I was freaking out not wanting to jinx it and it just be a tease. There were a lot less cross over of fan bases at this point, still lots of deadheads like myself but a definite minority, Phish was very much their own scene. I still to this day bring deadheads to their first Phish shows and still they leave blown away and that was nothing like a dead show yet it still felt so familiar and why did you not force me to come sooner.....dude, I’ve been trying to convince you since 1996.
Drowned opener.
Drowned opener.
*but nobody believed him because we know a bunch of crazy cultist christians actually decide how the party votes.
No, what I meant was how can Phish avoid Vancouver like this ? They had such a great time 9/9/99, I figured it would of become a yearly stop. Victoria here /waves.
1999-2000 was pretty sweaty Trey.
Took long enough.
Hi from Vancouver Island, calling Glide opener and a jammed out Foam tonight with a Hood encore.
If the thunder dont get you, the lightning will.
Average tells us nothing really. We could have more super hot days and more super wet and cold days, they will average out and look like no big deal per that data, when in fact our weather has changed quite a bit. Climate change for us means more extreme weather and that is a fact that is going to be big trouble despite the idiots not understanding that a graph like that tells us very little.
Victoria is predicted to have double the 30c days in the next 20 years, that was a report I read this year, not sure what your talking about.
Me, yes. I have been a pretty much every day smoker for 30 years, in the last two I have grown allergic. Even edibles make me stuffed up. I’ve cut my usage down significantly, only smoked twice since early October, and no edibles. It’s a shame because it’s medicine that really helps me. Even allergy pills bare,y help if I consume any significant amount. I doubt there is any solution.
Hopefully president one day.
You do not like Wes Anderson dialogue ? Honestly never heard someone say that, to me it is hypnotic, top 5 director of all time, every release is so special, and the dialogue is what I look forward to the most.
This is how you get shit done. Old people as professional politicians is a fucking crime, and a grift and everyone knows it. There should be term limits for all politicians.
I would rather see a thriving business, like all the dispensaries that we had, but this is far better than a boarded up space, it’s quite interesting to look at.
I like the 1972 ones where it was the launchpad.
How are they made co2 ? Ethanol ? Added terpenes ?
Ok thanks, they were the most expensive as well and some seriously nice strains, but will be avoided. How do I tell the difference between the co2 ones, like distillate vs the other kind ?
This is is what BC was promised, seen no movement on that though.
Really appreciate your insight, thank you.
So that add terpenes back in as thinner? Do we know what these terpenes are and where they came from? Terpene is a pretty broad term and they could of come from so many places. Honestly sketches me out a bit. This is co2 right? How why did you chose this one ?
Appreciate the detailed answer, thanks!
Awesome, thanks, I’ll read this for sure.
Wow, ok, thanks. I do not want botanical terpenes, exactly what im trying to avoid.
I also want to know what a super athlete eats night before one of his biggest games.
It’s really loud with homeless people screaming and fighting at night, motorcycles and revving cars, even high up, they do not make these condos nearly noise proofed.
Awesome, thanks!
Stigma or not I do not think parents should smoke anything in front of children, it’s plainly bad parenting.
Superhero.
Please include a rich Marta and family!
It can mean anything, I do not trust them, particularly when it comes to inhalation, there have been no studies if they are remotely safe, I am not going to be their guinea pig.
Bubble Gum, LA Confidential, God Bud, G13 .Some of the older lineages from the early 90s were really scary good stuff, all this never ending crossbreading is not always a good thing.
I’m sure they will just divert it right into Copley creek, no point in not finishing it off completely.
Do what you can by buying less, eating as little animal products as possible, drive and fly as little as possible and vote for those that will change things.
Voting is key, do not listen to the cynics who say they are all the same, not even close. I vote for everything from municipal on up and bring my kids so they catch the voting bug.
Does it have filler, like botanicals etc ?
He is not exactly wrong. Have you read all the labels ? I have and their is some mysterious shit in there like flavourings and botanical extracts and ethanol. That does not, to me, sound like pure cannabis extract.
It should say. I do not want anything added, at all, and I do not think that should be allowed since we do not know anything about it long term. It’s a bigger deal I think than what we’re talking.
It really does, but I would broil it a bit more and get some more char on it.
That’s a big disappointment. Oh well I can stop hoping the bccs gets that in, thanks.
There is filler, read the ingredients. Terpenes are added and it does not say from where these terpenes originated, terpenes is a pretty broad term.
Maybe his last show for many years, after this one ( I think it was this one ) he said he could not make it as a professional musician if he kept seeing The Dead as they were just so powerful, it zapped his inspiration and ideas of doing something new and unique.
Botanical terpenes and natural flavouring is in a bunch of them, those are broad terms.
Read the labels.
I have the interview somewhere where Trey talks about it, having to force himself to not see the dead after ( I think ) this show, quite interesting how early on he knew he did not want to become some Dead clone band.
What were the airlines thinking flying into and out of a hotzone ? Missles were launched just hours prior and they think hey, America is 99% chance going to fire back any moment, great time to fly ? WTF. You would assume armed conflict, missles flying within X-1000km = airlines grounded.
The fact you used the term virtue signaling makes you a loathsome human being.
Bad, but not as bad as their Christmas TV spot where the kid blackmails Santa. That showed exactly the level Tim Hortons is at currently.
I find it hilarious and sad that h did not remember even being a member of JGB.
&amp;#x200B; it was a longer version of this, whicj they looks like have pulled because people hated it. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGPaIV4\_P1I](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGPaIV4_P1I)
the first two thirds of the first one was fantastic, up there with STTMP and Khan imo.
For best results you need to eat it with some fat, maybe hurry up and down a full fat yogurt and a peanut butter sandwich.
I just find people who use that term and cuk and triggered a lot are complete douches. Apologies if those do not fit your vocabulary.
Can I ask a noob question how a list like this helps, I know less than I thought, what do I do with the list ? Thanks.
May I ask Australians, do you blame your politicians for this crisis? Do you regret voting for the people who continue climate change denial and the reliance of using coal into the 21st century ? I personally would be so mad at your president, but that is as an outsider and I know it must be completely different perspective living there.
It would be much better, cbc reported much of the reservations are being bought by european travel bots, for charter companies overseas.
I think it was a rolling stone bit, I’ll see if I can find it.
I am very surprised there has not been an Allman Brothers and Company tour already. Oteil, Haynes, DTrucks and drummers and you have a killer tour. I miss the allmans.
I wish Jerry had played more Van, such a natural fit.
Looks like a wig ?
I’ve read Derek Trucks isn’t attending, and it’s a shame Dickey once again is passing, would still love to see this, but MSG is not a good venue for an Allman show, sorta has to be a theatre.
Cotton wick no beuno.
Thanks.
No Arrival ?! Crazy talk.
Still looks better than a lot of CGI. Does not instantly trigger that oh shit that looks awful ping in me.
We have a douche magnet on this sub, attracts psychos from Alberta and Northern BC.
I hate that you say go blue every time, so stupid.
There is an old interview with Hunter in Relix where he talks about how devastated and let down he felt that this album was never recorded. It was the end of his magnum opus psychedelic cowboy trilogy, true world building in these lyrics.
Fall-winter 1972 is fucking crazy, they need to releases every show.
Tom Waits was doing this back in the 90s, it’s ridiculous tPhish has not done a thing to work towards a solution. For Tom Waits they had a two ticket limit and the person who bought the tickets had to show identification entering the venue and be with the guest. If you could not go you could return or cancel your tickets and someone else could buy them with the same rules. It’s so simple. It completely eliminates ticket resellers. I get the band themselves are busy and do not want to be involved in this type of thing, but Tom Waits, Pearl Jam, and Radio Head have all figured this out as bands and told their management this is how they want it handled and their shit is a lot more fair to the fans.
Then they would not have anywhere to play, ticketmaster has most of the venues in North America under contract.
I would think so. What is everyone’s opinion on what is the best vape on the bc site ? Sundial yellow looks good and does not have added flavouring.
My question.
Ethanol does not sound safe to me, no way they can purge it to 100%.
It’s super easy, I make one that I think is better, but similar with roasted veggies( onions, peppers, beets, carrots ) brown rice, quinoa, black beans. It’s time consuming, but I make about 30 burgers and freeze them. They are great in wraps with salad and pickles.
You are correct and wrong, as much as I hate Walmart they do carry many of the same exact groceries as Thriftys does, same package, same size, but a fraction the cost. Now I do not want a new Walmart but thriftys can go fuck themselves, they rip people off every day because we have so few grocery chains here.
It helps my pocketbook while trying to provide healthy meals for my family.
Bob has been playing at this pace pretty much without exception since Jerry passed. It drives me a bit crazy, but you just have to accept it, because it will not change. It certainly holds the band back from hitting that spot many times.
KVHW blew the place up, for those that may not have tried them out do so, some amazing and unique jamming, very reminiscent of Jerry Garcia band from the early 70s.
Knives Out. A really great twisted an almost deconstruction of the murder mystery.
Tons of people, but even more are the ones who pick it up bag it and toss the bag to the side of the path, there has to be 1000s of those type of dog owners as I see that on every single trail in the GVA.
Your online persona needs some work, I know you go for that edgy vibe, but you come off as as the fatty in moms basement kinda vibe.
Entire show is on YouTube. https://youtu.be/tm8mOnVECUo How Far From God (Sister Rosetta Tharpe cover) Play Video Jumpin' With Symphony Sid (Lester Young cover) Play Video Baby, Please Don't Go / Don't Start Crying Now / Got My Mojo Working / Playhouse Play Video Days Like This Play Video Have I Told You Lately Play Video Cleaning Windows / Be-Bop-A-Lula Play Video Ain't Gonna Moan No More Play Video There Stands the Glass (Blaine Smith cover) Play Video Moondance Play Video Broken Record Play Video Sometimes We Cry Play Video Wild Night Play Video Think Twice Before You Go (John Lee Hooker cover) Play Video Vanlose Stairway Play Video Whenever God Shines His Light Play Video In the Afternoon / Ancient Highway / Joe Turner Sings / Raincheck / Sitting Pretty Play Video Jackie Wilson Said (I'm in Heaven When You Smile) Play Video Help Me (Sonny Boy Williamson cover) Play Video Real Real Gone / You Send Me Play Video Brown Eyed Girl Play Video Gloria (Them song)
Your welcome, enjoy! Great set list.
Not his fault, there is a massive list of people to blame Russ is dead last on that list.
I would love for a Bond period film, set in the mid 60s would be amazing. At some point they will need to freshen the formula, a trilogy spanning 65-69 would be perfect.
I think that is it, they do not want to be caught vulnerable not picking up the shit, wait until they know the Coast is clear and ditch it. Thing is there are bins right near a common toss spot, so it’s like these terrible horrible dog owners are doing it out of spite or something, and then walk past there collection of plastic wrapped shit every day, it’s fucking insanity.
I can not wait for the Oliver Stone movie on this shit, it’s just too complicated without visual aids at this point.
We’ve been checking the spca website daily, well go in this week and see if they have unlisted animals.
Eh, I do not need anymore DeNiro after the Irishman. His best days are behind him, there are far better actors around.
That is such total scumbag move by them, this has been known for at least two years, so they knew while sourcing their tea bags, nice.
Check out the Charlie miller real ease of this show, not only is it the full show, but it is a superior transfer, not nearly as dry sounding as the dicks picks.
Bingo.
Do you make a vegetarian option?
It is or was, but it’s definitely on btetree in lossless glory. I rarely stream, prefer flac.
Sounds great!
Canadian as it is in Canada ?
They should be sued, and I am sure they will, this girl should get a healthy down payment on her future Vancouver condo.
We need a pass rush, quarterback sacking monster. We need someone who’s lifegoal is to protect Wilson at all costs, those can not be draft picks, those need to be big budget FA signings. We have been lucky for a very long time with a horrible offensive line, we can not rely on luck and holy water, we need monsters to guard the king.
If we dot we may as well just start rebuilding and forget about making a deep playoff run, it’s a mandatory.
Dirty and uglier the better, I want some huge fatasses covered in tattoos who frighten grown men.
2001 - maybe? I am not positive as I love both and they are a bit different, both are masterpieces and I could see an argument for both being the better, best to just enjoy both.
I completely disagree, the book is far superior in every way, the movie was messy and seemed like more time was spent on the effects than the screenplay and editing.
I loved that book. Hard to say the movie is better, to me they are quite different, I think the book was more thrilling and had you almost breathless with that feeling things were going to go very wrong and you weren’t sure anyone would survive, where as the movie you knew those kids were not going to die.
That’s a good example of a book better than the movie, but as you said completely different. Not sure if the book could of become a movie as it was, maybe a Netflix series though.
Use to be one in the food court at bay centre, and one in the bay cafeteria.
Mike says no.
After how he handled Star Wars he should just give it a rest and work on some original stuff.
So weird when obviously homosexual politicians like Pence and Lindsey Graham are so vocal against gays.
Anyone curious about the gear set up, there were two opening bands this night, so that is what is up with the strange gear on stage. 7/21/74 - Hollywood Bowl, Hollywood Maria Muldaur Commander Cody &amp; His Lost Planet Airmen
That’s not Billy’s set imo, it’s the opening bands. 7/21/74 - Hollywood Bowl, Hollywood Maria Muldaur Commander Cody &amp; His Lost Planet Airmen
It looks relatively speaking just that. Looks better than many mom purchases I’ve seen that claimed aaaa.
Good eye.
It’s a roll of the dice. I bought exclusively off the best seller list once, everything including the cold creek kush by redecan which was constantly sold out, was near year old weed.
Nailed it, the weed stock shills are so obvious.
You are correct, and I am completely with you, but everyone knew this was going to go this way, everyone, so my question is, why the fuck did the Democrats not subpoena every single witness !? They would of brought a much bigger spotlight on the corruption if they had broadened their focus.
This is some fucking bullshit. Some plastic bag lobby group out to rape the planet wins again. We live in some sad days.
What’s in it that made it tastiest? Did you read the ingredients? Curious.
So stupid for an island city to be concerned about the millions of single plastic items that end up as fish food ? Looking out for the environment is everyone’s job and since the province and federal have already been bought out by lobbyists it was refreshing to see the city taking a leadership roll, i for one am proud of them. Stop being an idiot.
Assuming is dangerous when it comes to inhaling. Not saying you are wrong but they use some very shitty cartridges, that to me tells me a lot.
It’s made of plastic, inhaling warm plastic? No, a cart should be glass. You folks are a bunch of sheep.
Has additive flavouring, enjoy that.
Like seatbelts and leaded gas, should we bring those back next, how about motorcycle helmet laws, pollution and dumping laws, cigarette billboards in high schools ? Do not want that evil government getting in the way of your freedom.
Sure, but it is not an if or. You can pick legal carts that are not contaminated with unknown flavourings.
You enjoy inhaling unknown gasses ? That’s quite a hobby. More like you invested in this shit and do not want to see your shit stock take a hit. Take it elsewhere shill.
Easy shill.
Oh god why, that movie was terrible. Not every movie needs a sequel, she can be in more avengers type movies but that was such a waste of time as a solo film.
It was? Honestly thought it was one of the worst super hero films ever, right up there with the those dreadful DC films.
Uvic has some spectrum tester for drugs and can tell you 100% certain if your lsd is legit. CBC did a report about it.
WW was great, haven seen joker yet, looks amazing. Talking more broadly, Shazam, recent super man, aqua man, post Nolan Batman , justice league were all incredibly horrible.
Shazam could of been amazing had it stayed with its family ( G )type story instead of trying to get all dark, it had so much fun potential. Shame.
Are they stored right under a heating vent? Even that would not melt chocolate in my house, make it soft sure, melt it, never. My chocolate is stored on an open kitchen shelf near the stove that I bake with all the time, never reached for a chocolate bar and found it’s melted. Something strange is going on.
Make sure to check out 3/09/81 while you are in the area, maybe the best two night stand of the entire decade. Jerry is on the good stuff, the really good stuff.
She was most likely texting with one hand and reaching for her Tim hortons coffee with the other and decided to lane change with her knee, hey she does it every morning and has never had an issue, how is it her fault?
I tried the sensi star, it was really dry and lacking any smell or taste, could be a lot better by now as that was a while ago. That does not look like Bubba in that pic.
The sundial carts have 3 levels, their top tier one looks really good, comes in the yellow, I believe it’s called top leaf ? All glass and ceramic , co2 extraction and no flavourings or fillers. There mid and low range are ethanol extraction, which is crazy that is allowed.
Some are shipping with boveda packs, broken Coast gases some co2 vacuum sealing that keeps buds pretty perfect, blkmrkt uses glass jars and supposedly are shipping pretty moist buds.
I hate that we have this new element here in town, maybe from Alberta or northern BC, sorta conservative crossed with an American tea party type douchebag. We always had rednecks up in Sooke but they were different, more out doorsy crossed with a smidge of hippy. The type I’m talking about are the type that support the plastic bag lobbyists, and want pipelines everywhere because of freedom ?! It’s a shame that the concentration of these idiots seem to go up all the time.
Beaches, trails, rivers, great food, safe downtown.
And they are represented right here in this thread, amazing!
The breakwater is fun, I see people pull up big rockfish all the time.
Only one show in ny state ? Crazy. Looking forward to the west coast run.
There is pros hot video of that one, Jerry gets real melty.
There is no doubt this will be horrible, nobody wants this.
I think it’s more Disney wants to make them since they do not have ideas for new movies, most have been horrid.
The screens are tiny, people have bigger at home, the sound is tech from the 90s, I can lie down on my couch, I go to the theatre for a huge screen not to support a 50 year old theatre that should of been replaced in the 1990s.
its a remake and easy money, nobody was like oh i hope they make a shitier cgi lion king. cmon.
I can get behind that, it would have to be a 180 on direction, it was just so bad as it was.
Some of the hotels have reduced rate dormitory type living which would be doable, otherwise no, it’s not just tofino, whistler and Victoria, Vancouver all have the same issue, wages are not enough to live on. Edit - the other option is van living, but that would take a larger upfront cost, and a hotel job with employee showering laundry locker services.
Clean that pipe, gross!
Weird use of a swastika. I know it had previous meaning, still strange to see it. Awesome post, never seen this poster, is there a recording?
Is he still vegan or vegetarian ? What did he order? Thanks!
Maybe try whole foods.
That poster, ha, I wonder the scene for a show like this. Did all the students party their ass off knowing how amazing it was that THE Jerry Garcia was playing their college? Or was it heads around New Hampshire showin up? Or was their enough deadheads following Jerry around to sell it out regardless of the venue?
So good, what a hot trio of shows. All really different as well.
It’s so unique, I can not believe they never tried that again.
Best resource in the city. My kids did this a few times a week for 4 years. Painting, art, puzzles, story time, gym and snack time, all free.
I will be shocked and astounded if they even come close to the Carpenter version ( 1982 ) in quality. It is a masterpiece. That time period had a lot of great gritty scifi.
We need more 76 JGB releases. That tone with with the TB is so beyond soothing.
We need more 76 JGB releases. That tone with with the TB is so beyond soothing.
We need more 76 JGB releases. That tone with with the TB is so beyond soothing.
They continued the show at some local bar but no recording or set list ever turned up. I was at the next night in Toronto.
They continued the show at some local bar but no recording or set list ever turned up. I was at the next night in Toronto.
Is that true though? The evangelicals must hold some sway and must control a portion of the pocketbook I would think.
I read a report last year saying they were amazed at how healthy he was, his coat was super thick and full for his age, which was credited to his unusual diet. The report claimed he was the healthiest wolf they had ever studied.
Im in. I really would love to know what they have in the vault. An interview from 1998-ish in Relix said not much of anything was found in the Dead vault of Jerry solo stuff. I am sure just like the Dead they have reacquired a bunch of recordings in the last decade ( now they can see there is actual money in these small scale releases ). Its amazing to me they would not of released a 1979 Reconstruction show or a 1972 Jerry-Merl Band if they had them, the circulating SBDs sound great. Releasing 1989-93 JGB stuff they've released is welcome but thats low hanging fruit, everyone assumes they have at least that stuff. There was an interview with Merls son i think, who said he had some shows in his Dads vault after he died, maybe well some of those.
Looks awesome! Would skip the deep frying onions bit, you could just oven roast them with the yams.
Amazing video on a fantastic quality camera. Would like to see what a lab could find on the raw frames.
Does it look different than there pic? The pic looks nothing like bubba.
Does the actual product look like bubba ? The bccs pic looks like a larfy sativa.
Pic of wedding crasher please.
I get what you are saying, but that was not this guy, 9000bc was not that long ago, I bet apes were doing shrooms 200 thousand years ago, maybe a million years ago. I think we have little idea how far semi advanced civilizations history goes back, maybe even advanced societies may have been around a long time ago, longer than what we were taught in schools.
Any places in Victoria you would recommend ?
Has to be 66-67 I would think? 8/22/68 is Fillmore West and that is confirmed I believe. Edit - well that makes no sense, as Santana did not start touring until 1969. Has to be 1969 judging by all the other bands, but that does not fit either as 8/22 is bookended by Oregon and Seattle, I doubt they drove from Seattle to Sanfrancisco then back up to Portland in one day but it is possible. This poster could be a mistake. Edit. Found this, the daytime festival was supposed to happen at golden gate park but was canceled. Maybe the night shows also get canceled, but how would the Dead know that in time to set up shows in Portland and Seattle ? https://diva.sfsu.edu/collections/sfbatv/bundles/201631 Ok last edit. For those like me who care, this show definitely did not happen, and was supposed to be for the dead 8/22/69 and the dead were going to fly in for this one show. See here for a good account. https://concerts.fandom.com/wiki/Wild_West_Festival
No idea, but David’s teas, and a bunch of other companies are selling those exact looking tea bags and they call them “nylon” but in the UK they are trying to ban them since they drop a million micro beads in one cup of tea. I think these are the same, judging by looks, but the downvoters say otherwise so...🌤🤷🏽‍♀️
We did this in Victoria and the plastic bag lobby ( ya that’s a thing ) stirred up all the lunatics who took this as an attack on their freedoms and were able to overturn it in court.
That does not say what they are made of.
Surprised they get any Hollywood money actually, consider they do not stand up for gay rights. I certainly would not spend money there, nor should Hollywood. We need to stop rewarding poor behaviour, it’s how we ended up with Trump.
Nice, I stand corrected. I doubt they all are this way, but kudos for them.
What are ya flavoured with? That can not be safe.
It’s not the film industry, it is your state laws, maybe vote in people who are not homophobic assholes ?
Canadian here, i think he is great and progressive enough to get things going. I do think he is way to old though and being president at that age with that senate will be seriously bad for his health. I do think you lot are in really dark times and I would be surprised ( pleasantly ) if some dark forces do not derail him and or the election somehow.
Amazing catch by the RCMP. Hats off to them.
How many runs went by unnoticed before these guys were picked up? This is by far the scariest story I’ve read that has local ties in some time.
I saw a sheep getting mauled last year here in Saanich, owners were just casually walking around calling the dogs name when I frantically informed them the dog was in the midst of killing a lamb there was lots of blood and it was very disturbing.
Just when I was congratulating the rcmp I am reminded why it needs rebuilt from the ground upend everyone at the top fired.
I find drier weed works better for the evo. I stopped using my bovedas.
You would have to try so hard to be this untalented of an artist, his ability to be terrible is in itself an achievement.
Nobody can take you seriously with a post history like yours.
No downvoting from me, but dude Calgary? Why and how is that comparable to be living on the ocean with this climate and green space ? I do not even fathom how that is possible. Calgary is a generic city sprawled like any other land locked city.
Naaa, turning the other cheek has not got us anywhere. Racists need a good hard kick to the curb. We need to stand up and for once force OUR ideals on them, and if they do not like it, well there is the door, make sure it hits you on the way out.
That’s the easy solution? I hardly think that would be an easy endeavour, nor is that a guarantee it would change much for the better.
Wow America, shit in your own pants much?
Calling all street people scum says more about you than it does about anyone else. There are good and kind people in every situation and in every part of this city. You can find “scum” in the legislature, in the police station and the local park, you can also find kind people with good morales in all those places. You should personally seek out some psychological help since you sound deranged.
UK at one point had some common sense, how did they decide voting in this fucking clown was going to fix things? Disappointed in you UK, you look like fucking idiots.
they will not drop off parcels that need signature, like cannabis for one example. they do not want sickness on their devices.
Try waking them up early, really early and really loudly, every day they play their music you play yours at 5:45 am. They sound like fucking assholes, I bet you can ruin their days a few times and they will call truce.
Someone please explain how cutting down old growth trees is worth it financially when B.C. makes its bank from tourism? You cut these down they are never seen by anyone VS turning that area into a camping, hiking, eco reserve and have people the world over come here and spend money to come and see it every year from now until eternity. It is so fucking short sighted and really makes me believe that their are some really shady deals going on between our NDP government and logging companies. This is all without mentioning what a fucking mess these logging companies leave behind and what a fire hazard it is, costing this province millions. It’s our orphan wells. Shame on you NDP, sorry but you have lost my vote.
Agreed, no need for that crap. No need for downtown to look like Niagara falls.
The proportions are all wrong, we as a society should not give more land to vehicles than we do to pedestrians. We need way more carless areas downtown at least from 9am to 9pm. Deliveries could be done early in the mornings.
America is a B horror movie ATM. You could not pay me to enter that hell hole.
I think we can safely assume that the police did a fucking terrible job as can be expected in these dark days, there is zero chance, and I do mean zero that the police felt THAT threatened that not only did he need to shoot her once, but another 4 times. If he could not subdue her safely without killing her he should not be a police officer. I doubt we will ever hear what truly happened because police cover everything up.
You are totally right, and it makes me sick. This is wrong, 100% wrong. I’m really sorry things are the way they are, things should be different. I wish things were different.
I think he was probably racist and did not see a First Nations person as a “person”, see the other 10, 000 incidents of excess force by police against First Nations as proof that this mindset exists.
So your automatically taking the polices story as truth. No police has ever lied..../s
Dude, I love that. I would add some food color for effect.
Do I think the RCMP is inherently racist ? Is that a real question? Have you taken in any Canadian history? Of course they are racist, holy fuck. This is just a quick set of links, but their are hundreds, cmon, open your eyes. https://www.theglobeandmail.com/canada/article-more-than-one-third-of-people-shot-to-death-over-a-decade-by-rcmp/ https://www.aptnnews.ca/national-news/indigenous-people-described-as-lazy-racists-in-another-private-rcmp-facebook-site/ https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/dec/20/canada-indigenous-land-defenders-police-documents https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/rcmp-to-probe-alleged-police-link-to-native-freezing-deaths/article4160406/
More like it comes down to police not wanting to be accountable, fuck off with the cost argument, they are cheaper than half the crap they buy and do not need.
Every, obviously no. Common, definitely.
You are eating it without baking it in the oven ?
Interesting thanks may try it today, but I really like it in my after dinner dog walk joint!
Have you turned on your news? RCMP have had a hard and racist last 30 days, take your blindfold off and stop denying the truth.
They needed it years ago, if they can afford the type of artillery they have and will never need then they can afford to have cameras on 24/7. Give me a break, as if the RCMP care about the cost of cameras, that is the dumbest shit I’ve read all week.
It should have already be done...now do you get it? Or should I type slower?
Still, you can tac the corners without holes, ugg.
Dude, police have killed or beat up multiple first nations just in the last week.
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/politics/article-indigenous-chief-says-rcmp-beat-him-up-and-manhandled-his-wife-over/ https://www.theglobeandmail.com/canada/article-nb-police-shooting-of-indigenous-woman-sparks-outrage-across-canada/
You can not be this obtuse irl. Defunding the police does not mean no money for police, nor does it mean no police. It means reorganized police system where the police are not buying military hardware they do not need, and making them more accountable to us the people. As it is police are held to account for none of their actions and little of their purchases, and their union holds far too much power. We the people fund this shit, and it is out of hand.
I am for defunding and reorganizing police across Canada. Police and Fire departments eat up far too much of a city budget. Yet they seem to not be beholden to the city’s wishes who pay for their salary. One example, beat cops in Victoria. There should be police on foot walking the downtown 24/7. Particularly Johnson and pandora areas. The city wants it, the people want it, the police will not do it. I also want my tax money ear marked for police, used for police, not for military type purchases. School outreach, that should not be debatable, again the police hold this hostage, unless they get their budget increase they cut it.
Why do we need two more police? I am saying move two day shift cop car drivers to walking downtown, is that simple enough for you ?
Why troll, just curious what you get out of it? Regardless have a great evening.
Great move!
I have some tokens still, what are they worth and where should I use them?
That is not true at all. They are desperate to get new product to theatres. Disney+ is a very small side hustle .
Well when we figure out how to cut the police budget the firefighters are next. Way over payed.
She seems like a pretty progressive gets shit done kind of person to me. Not sure how long you have lived here but in my 30 years we have not had a mayor that gets anything done until Helps. I do not agree with everything she says but I would never characterize her as you did, she has changed Victoria more in the last 8 years than in the 20 years prior combined.
I just bought this and the riff skywalker kush ( riffraiderkush ) both are good but the skywalker is much much better imo.
Have you tried mango haze by Color? If so how’d you compare the two?
Same, I found it to be truly underwhelming. Slight buzz, not worth the money while there are so many better strains like Riff Raider Kush which is amazing.
Mine was nice looking, well trimmed, 21% and very stinky. It is very very dry, but everything Riff for me has been very dry.
You really should be.
She is almost as ugly as the stuff she writes, fucking trash.
I brought this up in the previous discussions on unnecessary expenditures. Defunding police does not mean no police, it does mean no more bullshit expenses like this though, and do not think all the tactical amour, weapons and drones were not bought as well. Completely unnecessary here and that money should of been used elsewhere like school outreach which they canceled because....oh they did not have the money for it...🤦🏾‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️🙎🏽‍♂️ What else are they wasting our money on?
He’s just trolling...
Anti cop? Really, I haven’t read that much. I do see a lot of defunding police, which is completely different than anti cop.
Parents bring alcohol wipes and hand sanitizer to wash the kiddos before and after. Also make sure to do circuits, if there are people waiting, get the kids off and let the next lot of kids on, let’s be responsible adults and not let this get over crowded. Been to the parks 3 times this week.
Always believe the meth head is a good rule of thumb
I am not an expert, but I believe they dry and microwave this stuff long before it’s jarred. They could easily put a tiny nug extra in each jar to ensure proper counts.
Was it moist or bone dry? Effects ? Terps ?
Thanks.
Floyd have always blessed Canada with lots of shows.
And the next pandemic gives birth.
At this point I vote we keep the Canada USA border closed permanently or until their is a vaccine which ever comes first. You lot are crazy my southern friends, just fucking crazy.
It’s not just a stain, it’s a stink, the entire country reeks atm. 🤢
It’s just a horrid show that we’d be best forgetting ever existed.
Do you also eat real food, or is this a science experiment to see what the grossest thing you can put in your mouth?
Would.
I miss them as well. Last thunderstorm we had on the island was a rare winter one, thunder and ⛄️.
That’s my friend Lucky Bud with Dave. Lucky is an amazing musician and plays in many bands including Canadian Beauty who does an annual Jerry Garcia tribute show. I live in Victoria as well, / waves.
Not my fave by any means but I find the landrace sativa by thc biomed to hit far harder than CCK and even in its super dry state stinks of lemon hard candies.
Great review, for the price this looks good! How was it?
Who is the "we" here ? If the WE is the Harper conservatives and the BC Liberals then bingo, yes exactly. If by WE you mean the city of Victoria ? Then fuck no, this city has done 10X what it can afford and has consistently gone above and beyond what is compassionate in helping the homeless. The city should not have to pay to home the homeless of Canada.
There is never an excuse tio litter particularly when a city like victoria has bent itself stupid to make things as easy and decent as homelessness can be. the LEAST someone would expect is the campers cleaning up their own mess...
this is a terrible point, there are amazing schools and teachers, there are also tons of parents who are incapable of implementing a proper education for their children at home.
neither does making excuses. everyone is capable of picking up their trash and used needles.
your lungs are much different than your stomach, never smoke mold.
It’s not just the USA on this sub. Public education in Canada does not have the type of toxic political crap we read about going on in Ohio, Texas etc. I honestly feel though, that is the reason many are on here and are homeschooling their kids, it’s because they are afraid of their children learning actual facts and real science.
East of a westerly point, is still east.
Terrapin Station by the grateful dead.
I find a strong indica and a strong sativa completely different. Sorta high and low if you get me, and maybe op was surprised at the racy head buzz that is more associated with sativa.
I find a strong indica and a strong sativa completely different. Sorta high and low if you get me, and maybe op was surprised at the racy head buzz that is more associated with sativa.
I think we will get there.
I think we are headed for that, not on the jar maybe a QR code that has the plants entire history from seed to bottling. They collect this info already, just need to start using it.
I think we are headed for that, not on the jar maybe a QR code that has the plants entire history from seed to bottling. They collect this info already, just need to start using it.
Ignore the idiot, report him twice. We deserve our life back, and it will not come as long as people do not follow the rules.
I haven’t done the survey yet, but I will tonight after work, but on the offset I do not want peoples opinions to be the basis for decisions in this matter, I want sciences opinion based on .....science, not a bunch of 20 something who miss taking selfies at the club.
Most cbd oil is pure and utter bullshit placebo. If your pet is in discomfort try some actual thc tincture, obviously at ridiculous low dosage to start. What have you to lose, who cares what a vet will say, you live with your pet and will know if it’s working. There have not been enough time between legalization and now to have many studies for your vet to base a discussion on.
Dude is a Canadian treasure, he predicts the weather with great vim and accuracy! Thanks Frankie you rule!
Dude has diddler printed on his high forehead.
They will if they are doing zoom meetings with their class, how obtuse are you?
I find it difficult to believe a multi million dollar franchise like the Jays are not smart enough to pack up and get the fuck out of Florida, some upper management need fired.
Broken coast pink is fantastic.
How about a link?
Don’t they always? We should just dismantle them and start over. Complete mess.
Google trail of tears. You do not want to be hitchhiking in BC as a female, ever.
You may have a better chance of getting cbd tincture, which you can drip on any food, I do not think we have a pure cbd legal gummy.
Hey, I’m the first one to bitch about over zealous policing, but cmon folks fuck, you know very well people were taking advantage of the emptier streets and speeding like mad. Just because school is out and playgrounds closed does not mean kids are not around, going 100 through a park zone is just fucking asinine, but I see it all the time recently. Keep up the ticketing police, no warnings, just the fatty tickets.
Was there yesterday, great fun in the sun and wind. 4 food trucks. Only saw one person ditch their “dishes” on the beach post lunch.
You say some seriously stupid shit here, but this one takes the cake.
The chief was on CBC 2-3 weeks ago, he said they were issuing a warning that they were about to crack down on dangerous driving and speeding after observing a dramatic increase in speeding. People obviously did not listen.
It has increased dramatically. Obvious if you drive anywhere, the roads are half empty and some drivers are taking advantage.
My original conclusion came from the chief of police on CBC radio, I think they archive their shows, it was on all points west about two weeks ago-ish.
Call him and ask?
Saanich. https://www.cbc.ca/local_includes/bc_contacts/allpointswest.html
/raises hand. Never ever been the slightest interested in car racing, BUT now that they are tossing the racists under the bus it suddenly seems interesting to me. I know I’m not the only one.
Dude I love your reviews, you have a great voice and personality for this type of thing, have you done college radio? Possibly in Victoria ? Keep the reviews coming. Thanks dude.
The trim looks horrid, how was the dryness level?
Nice, thanks!
I am. I am not saying we should not be allowed to drink moderately in parks, but it would be ridiculous to suggest Canadians do not have issues with alcohol, as a society I think we’ve pretty much proven alcohol causes more problems in our society than any other substance.
How is the joke on me? I don’t care if you drink or do not, I personally don’t, my point still stands about alcohol being a root issue in our society.
There won’t be a next time if you do not fix the first purchase. Fuck bad business practices like that.
You should of dropped a bottle on his foot and yelled for him to back the fuck off. People need to speak up, I don’t care if I come off gruff. Had a hike with my kids, a healthcare walker was walking her dog, walking in the middle of the path talking on her phone, I had to speak up loudly and ask her to pick a side so we could safely pass, wtf people smarten up.
Witchcraft!
I thought that downtown location was sold and being torn down with a new build on the way? I read that last year and there was a redone sign. Did it fall through? Edit rezone it should say.
Autzen did not have lights for night time concerts back then, all shows I saw there were early-ish, same with Seattle. It bugged me because these were my closest shows but I loved the feeling of seeing indoor or dark shows, the lights really seemed to amp up the energy. Jerry also said in a later interview he did not like playing during daylight, he liked the darkness.
Where are you located, my kids work cheap if it’s close by.
Undermind. Song sets up such a cool groove, it’s a shame 99% of the time it’s only 8 min long.
Came to say this, completely. Would love for him to do a run with his retro set up.
On 8/2/97 when they came out and launch into the Theme From The Bottom opener Mike looked right at me as I was freaking out as it was the song I wanted, and they opened the show with it! Anyways I digress, Mike looked right at me and I gave him the devil horns and he smiled. At the time I was positive Mike remembered me, we had met in the lot earlier that afternoon and he listened as I gushed about my fave show I’d seen them play ( 11/23/96 ) and let us take a group photo with him. I’ll see if I can get my scanner working and I’ll post the pic.
Thanks! I have to say, I’m not a devil horn type dude, and I do not think I’ve thrown them before or after, it was just that moment, strange what you remember! Hi Brian if you are reading this.
Shocker, who could of foreseen this......everyone, yup everyone except Floridians and blue jays staff. How patently stupid and irresponsible can they be ? The fucked thing is isn’t the NBA now poised to start their season in Florida as well? RIP nba and mlb.
There is a zero point zero chance this season will work out, cmon. It is near mathematicaly impossible that this will not become a fucking implosion with staff players and fans all getting sick, to think otherwise is ridiculous.
Zero chance.
Because this was a forgone conclusion and just being in Florida smacks of negligence.
Ha, ya, no biggie, only like 150 thousand deaths in North America and climbing fast, but hey let’s all get together for sports, what could possibly go wrong?
So you are telling me professional athletes are not scientists? WTF is happening.
We do not even know what that means. Not one scientist knows how long the antibodies even last or if it gives full immunity. There have been multiple cases of people getting sick with COVID twice.
We do not even know what that means. Not one scientist knows how long the antibodies even last or if it gives full immunity. There have been multiple cases of people getting sick with COVID twice.
Great points. I think the weak point in the chain for the NBA is the players, no way they will stay locked down. You know the first chance some of them will get they will be at the strip bar, the casino the protests ...... whatever it is, thy will get sick and infect th closed system. Just too many people, too many moving parts all in Florida, ya, I do not see it working at all, total pipe dream dreamed up by rich white people with a lot of money to lose.
People are eating this stuff. I like a bit in my nighttime joint.
We already pay the painters, we need them to work for that pay if that makes sense, the paint itself costs next to nothing.
IF ? People think we can someonehow avoid the second wave ? Oh boy this is going to be a rough fall-winter......
This virus is laughing at us talking phase 3. I do not understand how phase 3 is possible when we have untraced cases on the island, and no cure on the horizon.
Picking mine up today, very curious.
There is stuff to paint, the crosswalk, or are you not following the conversation? You would prefer they sit and wait for something you approve of them painting ? Lawd
That is so fucking stupid, you can not of been awake when you typed that.
We are very lucky, but that is a lot of ifs and buts, and a ridiculous amount of optimism.
I think your thinking of a different show. I do not think any of this has been released to video.
How am I being toxic? By wanting painters to paint? Oh the humanity, next we will expect bus drivers to drive.....buses.
Ol’ helmet head. That was such a killer team and such a great time to be a jays fan, very very unlike recent years.
Oh shit, the internet is not for you friend. I in no way meant to be malicious, and the fact you think I’m being so is beyond perplexing.
We need more of this, makes my kids happy to see inclusive behaviour and the nice colours make me happy, as a bonus it pisses off toxic homophobes which is great! 🕺
I have not tried it, but yes it has activated thc, and if you search some recent reviews yes people are buying it and eating it ha!
It is, BUT unless you are making your own it is an ok value, MOM hash is 10- 20$ a gram and most of it is crappy and very questionable in content.
There are hundreds of people like that in just this sub alone, people think it never existed.
Canadian here, and loads of people were on the side of the animal abusers. It really is fucking strange.
No spoilers but the end of the first set, beginning of the second set is where the action is.
Who’s art work do they use during the grateful dead movie ? Is it Kirby ? There is Silver Surfer and a few others.
Who’s art work do they use during the grateful dead movie ? Is it Kirby ? There is Silver Surfer and a few others.
Who’s art work do they use during the grateful dead movie ? Is it Kirby ? There is Silver Surfer and a few others.
Me, circa 1990ish, I had a 5 color press and and a commercial dryer. Those days ended in 1993 though.
Not many Canadian redditors rely on the meat industry, give me a break, I doubt there are any.
Hard pass. I saw how they “cleaned” after a woman vomited in the theatre. We are expecting that young teens payed minimum wage are to clean an entire theatre including 300 seats between showings, riiiiiiight.
Treatment? As in prison?
Just want to point out you left your allies not the other way around.
The way Eugene Levy lifts one eyebrow kills me every time. Proud Canadian here, great show.
Are you his therapist ? We need to send a very loud message about hate crimes, they will not be tolerated and will lead to excessive prison terms.
Is that what you suggest for the police and RCMP implicated in racist actions as well, should we hold their hands and whisper in their ears a better way ?
Let’s just disband this clusterfuck of an organization, since air India there has just been a constant flow of terrible actions and inactions. It’s not just a few rotten apples, it’s a rotted orchard that requires clear cut, then we can start over.
What history are you reading? As brutal as the last few years of been society is less violent than it was in the past, not sure about police violence, that seems way higher, but I’m open to reading studies.
Of corse police are not all bad, and defund police does not equate no police, nor does it mean police are bad. We need police to be more accountable and less protected by layers of non accountability. Good for those kids, they are smarter than most adult conservatives already.
You sound like a police apologist. It does not matter what the reason was the police should not be beating people up, did you not see her face?
Dallas road in front of the cemetery.
Do you? Because it seems like you do not. It means taking funding from police to give to social agencies ( nurses, councillors, social workers ) that could better help people like this woman instead of yknow beat them up like the police do.
Thanks that’s really interesting, like you pointed out though, most poor, homeless, youth, First Nations and immigrants most likely would not report police misconduct ( my opinion, not sure of statistics or how they would get them ).
Sorry I could not hear you I was stepping on your head, again.
Stepping on a woman’s head, that’s what you are condoning ?! Fuck dude, it’s crazy what you are arguing about, think if it was your daughter, mom or sister having their head stepped on......do I really need to type that, what is wrong with you?
The red is way over saturated, same with the green on the mountain base mid left. Great shot.
What’s for dessert?
Who else feels abandoned by u/osoko ? I thought we were doing good things...
Dude is Batman obviously.
Thanks for the info, appreciated.
I have no knowledge of this issue, but in general the harbour authority seems to do a terrible job and they are always bitching about money and how this service will need cut if they do not get more money etc etc. I do not trust any company that can not even provide new garbage cans with lids to the inner harbour these guys are fucking clowns.
It won’t. But the imax will show it next year once we get a cure. No way I’m going to a theatre before.
They never closed. The owner was on CBC during phase 1, they were treated like a grocery store and never shut.
How have we not got any of the out takes yet?
Do not convert to mp3 that is ridiculous. Those shows will play fine as flac and dead music should always be lossless, these guys spent 50 years making music quality cutting edge as possible. Aimp3 or foobar are 2 of an endless list of free open source media players that will play flac without converting them to the dreaded lossy mp3. Play them off of a USB or external drive of any kind. Friends do not let friends mp3.
I’ve used foobar, did not notice the music had to be somewhere specific ? Just can not be moved once you load it or it can’t find the files, or maybe that is a new feature. I use aimp3 which is better than foobar to me and it does not and neither does jriver have issues playing from an external HD.
Have you tried white rice?
The world is sick of America.
Fantastic Four, Silver Surfer or an XMen animated movie ? Get on it.
Dude how many drugs are you planning on trying?
Someone got into the mushrooms again...
Did they poorly photoshop a stick into his hand, or do I not get what’s going on?
Oh right my mistake thanks. So basically just spider verse .
But over priced. In other cities those spots are just average pizza spots.
Other racists? Not Jewish people.
Yes, our potato head came from CT.
Eh, it’s not just lighting. Look at the fake nails.
Canadian here, I like Warren, she has a great presence, but wouldn’t a person of color be a safer bet to galvanize the fence sitters and young people?
So impeach him. Stop talking and start working on it, again.
Is there other stuff good as well, never heard of these guys, and this strain is not available atm in B.C. but they do have white widow.
Huge big pass. Not going to happen until I get a big fat juicy needle of corona cure.
I personally think a lot of apolitical people are getting political now because they just can not ignore it anymore, the hate is just so damn loud. I can not see Jerry able to ignore it. He had many black friends and band mates over the years and I can not imagine ( will not imagine ) Jerry leaving them when he could lend his voice in solidarity. There is only so much hate someone can stand.
Eh? Jerry has stated in many interviews the release of Revolver by the Beatles was mind blowing. He and Phil stood in a record store and listened to it and were shook by its power.
My guess is early July, and they will release a fall 1972 show.
same dude, that is ridiculous of Phil, this picture scares the shit out of me. Phil stay home old man, we’ll tell you when it’s safe.
