The anonymity here brings out more honesty. There are more atheists than you think. They're only pretending to believe on Facebook.
They're actually pretty quiet, which is the point of your question. 2 billion people who have faith in a god. Not certainty. The opposite of certainty. Faith.
Two umbrellas, from a street vendor in London, during a rainstorm.
The technology to fake a moon landing did not exist in 1969, so yes, it happened. I watched it live.
I was an American eating at a small, exclusive restaurant in Scotland. The people at the only other occupied table in the room were speaking in German. It was an adult daughter (30-ish), and her parents. Without understanding a word they said, the gist of the conversation was apparent to me just by the tone and inflections. It was normal pleasantries, until the daughter eventually gave them some shocking news. Some decision she had made. The parents were immediately against it, and tried to change her mind But this was a long time coming, and the daughter would not waiver. The best part was that once the parents backed down and listened, the daughter explained it well, and by the end they cautiously supported her.
The best thing is the world is your urinal. We can pee anywhere in a pinch.
An electric razor works much better if you keep it clean.
They don't stay in their lane when turning from one two-lane street to another.
Every time my car starts right up. I never take that for granted.
Fact checking before sharing.
"Use the fucking force, Luke."
As a Cardinals fan I feel a little guilty. They were obviously partly responsible.
The Spelling Song - Red Peters
There's no such thing as "unconditional love." Parents, children, pets, spouses, doesn't matter. There are always conditions. Any love can be destroyed.
The Queen of England.
Fruitcake
Anton Chigurh *No Country For Old Men*
I like giving the spending limit in scratch lottery tickets. Any time there is gift stealing / trading, that one gets the most attention.
When they play Mr Holland's Opus.
Lazy natives. I respect foreigners. I speak Spanish on the level of maybe a 5-year-old, so I know what that's like.
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
Pulp Fiction. &amp;#x200B;
1 in 50 of us has a brain aneurysm. It just hasn't ruptured.
The poop knife girl said she once overflowed a toilet in a casino because she didn't have her knife.
Support for Israel. I'm not saying it's wrong, but there are a lot of people who don't like it.
There are 70 million more guns in America than people.
Abandoned towns. I think the best preserved one in America is Bodie, California.
When figuring out how much of a payment you can afford, allow a few hundred dollars a month for upkeep. It won't come at a steady pace like that. More often occasional big problems or projects.
No problem. Many of the members in that church are atheists, and just don't realize or admit it.
Andrew Jackson, the face on the $20 bill. He encouraged genocide on the natives, defying a Supreme Court ruling against it.
Use a fax machine. If I want to send you something I'm holding in my hand, faxing is much easier than turning it into an email attachment.
Burger and fries.
Yoko Ono
Ride on the handlebars of a friend's bicycle.
A Beautiful Mind Russell Crowe is a jerk.
He threw a landline telephone at a hotel desk clerk.
We always had a piano in the living room, and I preferred playing around on that over any other activity like reading, toys, and games. I persisted because it came to me very naturally, so I always made progress. I had a knack for covering songs by ear, and still do over 50 years later.
It's Festivus for the rest of us!
I remember assuring my boss I'd be in the following day, and he assured me I wouldn't. He was right. That next day I was useless. Sore and super swollen. But the procedure itself was a piece of cake, as I was knocked out.
Graduating college was pretty anticlimactic, considering it's a quest that starts at age 5. If anything, the pressure increased because now I had to put that degree to use.
Speeches too. I can't even watch his rallies.
I've always wondered if pets get confused.
A bicycle, and the freedom to ride it anywhere.
Even in parking lots, someone will defiantly walk right in front of me without even a glance, because they know they have the right of way. But how do they trust that I'm paying attention, or maybe have the sun in my eyes?
Aja - Steely Dan I was in college going through a rough patch when that album exploded. Every track on it makes me a little anxious when I hear it.
Amazing that the largest animal to ever live on this planet is not extinct.
Flipping houses, if you're capable of doing any necessary renovations.
Chrysler cars.
Susan Ross, *Seinfeld*
Being depended on financially in courtship, marriage, and divorce.
He sets the initial betting lines for sporting events. Casinos and bookmakers don't set the odds themselves, they farm that out to agencies that specialize in it. The friend who does this wasn't a very good student either. He was in trouble a lot.
Any canine that puts it's chest to the ground and butt in the air is playing.
DUI on a bicycle. He was riding it because his licence had been suspended for a DUI. He ran into a parked car when someone opened their door, and the person called the police.
Just wait till Barron is our first king.
Having young children at Christmas, and watching them open their gifts.
A short speech can be more powerful than a long one. The Gettysburg Address was less than 300 words.
I've often felt I'd be happier winning a $1 million lottery than $1 billion. The latter would be too life changing, rather than just improving it.
In the UK *Office,* you would occasionally see the office janitor in a scene. The actor playing the role was Stephen Merchant's father. He never had any lines, but he always stopped what he was doing and stared intently at the camera.
The Trump Foundation. Originally created so he could donate the proceeds of his book to charity. Instead it became another source of income for him and his family.
Assume you mean UK. The American series went too long.
Extras
A phone charger that is always left plugged in, whether it's charging a phone or not.
Christmas. The whole season is a huge inconvenience.
Fuck it, let's call him Pichael.
The Seinfeld reunion on Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Saddam Hussein invading Kuwait.
Put off cleaning the bathtub. By the time I get to it, it's a half hour job.
Nancy Hanks Lincoln
Life Below Zero knocks me out every time.
Good for you. I wanted to do this when I graduated from college, and the only free training I could think of was the military. I got as far as the pre-enlistment physical, and that's where it stalled. I had a couple of vision issues. It's okay if you need your vision corrected later on, but at the beginning of flight training you have to have perfect vision.
Jared Kushner being considered for Chief of Staff in the White House. When I saw that in my news feed, I thought it might be The Onion.
"That's what she said." Not all the time, but I've never completely stopped.
There is no such thing as unconditional love. All love has conditions. Break one, and that love goes away.
Have your car key on a ring all by itself. You don't want to be fumbling with 20 keys in a pinch.
A butter dish that looks like a casket. I've always wanted one, but they don't exist.
The first cat I knew growing up was a nasty Siamese. I avoided them until I met a friendly one in my teens.
It bugs me when an employee calls out of work because their SO is sick. I don't say anything because it's their personal day to use as they wish.
The shower. You can add more heads, but the basic design has not changed in my long lifetime.
9 out of 10 dentists agree that 1 out of 10 dentists is an idiot.
Fact check an amazing story before sharing it.
A new car. That price in the window is their opening offer.
Tom Hanks
Dwight and Angela saying their wedding vows while standing in their graves.
It wouldn't be fair, any more than prices for goods and services based on income.
I've owned a lot of cars over the years, including luxury and sports models. The best all-around was the Odyssey, that I've had two of. Ride, utility, features, and comfort are great.
Around age 10, when they give you the color tests in school. I could only see a number in those dots about half the time.
Military pilots who ride in the aircraft.
Usain Bolt in the Olympic 100 M. Left the field in the dust, broke the record, and he didn't even sprint all the way to the end.
You can be worth a lot of money, but have stretches of very little cash on hand. Your fixed monthly expenses tend to be high, and they're not always easy to cover.
Michael Richards as Kramer.
Who said it had to be "made?" Time goes infinitely both backward and forward.
Food at an entertainment venue, like the $5 hot dog at a ball game.
My last two dogs were great watch dogs, and I slept better because of it. There was no way anyone could enter the house without me getting ample warning, and most likely them frightened off. The occasional false alarm might be annoying, but still reassuring. Like testing the system.
Same here and same age. So glad we had a piano in the living room, and things like video games were a long way from being invented.
Broke a jar of hot fudge on the floor, then yelled "No!" when I offered to clean it.
The fax machine.
Leslie Nielson once said that the reason it flopped on TV but succeeded in the theater is because you have to give it your undivided attention. You can't casually watch it while doing something else, or you'll miss the jokes. Without the jokes, the actual stories are pretty weak.
One night my teenage sister came in the door crying and ran straight up to her room. I saw from behind that her white pants were stained. She had been out to dinner with her boyfriend and his parents, and her period came during the car ride home.
Picking 3 of the 6 lottery numbers, and winning $3.
Most likely they would put their legs on. Just like if there was a door in the way, they would open it.
A couple spoonfuls of fish oil for constipation.
Especially if it's all shiny and polished, and you know it's never left the road.
He can hear the Cheez Its box open from anywhere in the house.
Hunter / gatherer
Have they done any time travel yet?
I would have found the needling funnier if they hadn't ultimately divorced. It was like watching their relationship unravel.
"Ugh, three house closings this week" by a realtor.
One of my closest confidants lives on the other side of the country, and we've never met IRL. I'd be fine if we never do, because I think one of the reasons we're so open with each other is because we're not face to face. We met years ago in an online support group.
Last Man On Earth. It never stopped getting worse.
Did the dogs have to pay the cost of building it?
Onions.
Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary changed to Trump University.
A musician doesn't bother me because I'm not seeing them. Robin Williams, on the other hand, I don't enjoy watching as much.
The internet. In the 1970's, Congressman Al Gore addressed his fellow members and predicted that the internet would one day change how everything is done.
If it's a question out of left field, I'll sometimes draw a blank. "What's your favorite movie?" - and suddenly I can't recall a single film I've ever seen.
White water rafting in Colorado. The water temperature was in the 30's F, and we were soaked by the end of it. The ride back to Durango was in an open air bus on a cool day. There was nothing like towels or blankets, and I've never shivered so much. I'll never forget how good that shower felt when I finally got back to my hotel.
A $1 bill from my 5 yo son. We had finished opening our gifts, then he went to his room to get one more for his mother and me. It was a hand made card with two bills in there. One for each of us. He explained that he counted the gifts under the tree, and they were almost all for him and his brother, and not many for Mom and Dad. He felt bad and wanted us to have something extra.
"Your chute is only as good as the crackhead who packed it."
Locking the seat belts behind you and never using them. Also bicycling without a helmet.
Removing a splinter.
Sexual harassment.
Trump. It's not a popularity contest. It's about who changed the world and garnered our attention. Although he would fall under controversial, and Time has shied away from naming people like that ever since the backlash over Ayatollah Khomeini.
One of those big green flies that I only seem to see when I'm out on a boat. Although the pain doesn't last too long, it's pretty intense when one bites.
My work day gets off to a late start, because I begin the day by jumping online for personal use.
She'll go right after Prince Phillip.
I built a successful business, but I'm the toughest boss I've ever had. I don't take nearly enough time off.
Puppy got into the trash and chewed up a disposable razor, and the blade was nowhere to be found. Saw it plain as day in the x-ray at the vet, who assured us that he would most likely pass it with no complications. That's just how it went, and Jake was fine.
Your favorite music.
It was spotted too late to do anything effective. Binoculars would have saved her, but they were in a locker that nobody on board had a key to.
Financial worries didn't exist. Fun did not require money. I could spend my allowance five minutes after I got it, and I didn't ruin the week.
Heaven. A life after this one that's way way better? Sign me up.
Kittens and puppies in the pet store window. If I stop and look at them, one of them will melt my heart. So it's either an unplanned pet purchase, or feeling guilty for not doing it.
Painkillers.
I was born under Eisenhower. What got me was when Obama was elected and I'm older than him.
Not considering how it might interact with the medication they've taken
My college roommate and I went out and got smashed on a school night. Got back to our apartment, and neither of us had a key. Our third roommate was inside sleeping, so we pounded on the door till he answered. The moment he opened the door, I slapped him pretty hard in the face. It seemed like the funny thing to do. Even sober, his first reaction was to smile, and he let me off the hook.
Prince Phillip.
The height of the cliff they jumped into the water from. It's always 50 feet, 100 feet, whatever. No chance. The highest platform in Olympic competition is about 30 feet, for perspective. 100 feet is the cliffs at Acapulco.
Driving in a moving car, and looking into the camera. Prime conditions for an accident.
Al Borlin and Heidi the Binford Tool Girl, on *Home Improvement.*
This Is Us, and I'm starting to see the shark fins circling.
Traumatic brain injury. I fainted and hit my head on a tile floor. If you smash your head hard enough to make your brain bleed, you've got about a 33% chance of living the next 24 hours.
Bed bugs.
Being a Simpsons fan. I still consider myself a fan, and have hardly seen an episode in 20 years.
The perfectly diverse friend group. Every sex, race, and sexual orientation is covered.
Calling Kim Jong-un names like 'little rocket man," as a nuclear disarmament negotiating tactic.
Say "Irish wristwatch" three times clearly, along with any other tongue twister.
Leaving a small store without buying anything.
Rent increases.
I've seen experts say that this is when subjects are most likely to give up information. When they're anticipating torture, or waiting their turn. During actual torture they tend to get more defiant and stubborn, due to their increasing hatred for the interrogator.
Watching someone I care for being physically tortured.
What was "cash," and how was it used?
The time my own snoring woke me up. I know that I can be insanely loud, and I had no idea how long it was going on before I awoke.
It's also cringier the older the wife gets. It's one thing if a 20-something says it, but the 60-something on her third marriage makes me gag.
Flying one of those wing suits, then parachuting to the ground.
In many US states, accessing an open Wifi network that you're not entitled to use.
I blew through a red light much due to the sun directly in my eyes. I only realized it when I heard the screech of the car that should have T-boned me. I was really lucky for their quick reaction, and never even got to give them an apology wave.
The 5-second rule when you drop something. Yes you might pick up some germs, but they toughen you up in the long run. You gotta eat a pound of dirt before you die.
H2O is water.
The sitar. Looking at you, George Harrison.
Abandoned places. Both YouTube videos, and exploring some myself.
Which sports team is better.
People have been complaining about "today's music" for a thousand years.
I was raised in a religious environment, but was never more than an agnostic at best. Even as a little kid in Sunday School, I wasn't believing Bible stories like Noah's Ark. By my early 20's I was a full, outed atheist.
I'm friends with a few criminal defense attorneys, and I know this usually happens when the police didn't follow the rules when arresting the defendant. Many DUI's have been dropped when it was proven that the officer had no right pulling the subject over in the first place. They hadn't broken any traffic laws.
How to break someone's nose with a sucker punch.
A bunch of china that belonged to my grandmother. I'll never use those dainty little coffee cups and saucers, but I can't seem to pitch them either.
Phoenix. It's basically two summers. A hot one, and a cool one.
Just yesterday I learned that spell-check has no problem with "umpteenth."
Gazillion.
I just saw something shared the other day encouraging people to leave their dandelions alone, because the struggling bee population needs them. If that makes you feel any better about it. You're being a hero.
I recently found that I still have my kindergarten report card from 55 years ago. What I found interesting was that the teacher comments about my strengths and weaknesses are still applicable today. My personality seemed to be already set in stone.
"The Spelling Song" by Red Peters
Tiger Woods. I don't think we'd be buddies. He strikes me as arrogant, among other things. However, at his healthiest, he was the best golfer ever.
The less legible it is, the harder it becomes to forge.
Enjoying meeting new people, rather than dreading it. Like social events where I know very few people, or even first dates.
Back to the Future About Time Groundhog Day
"Please Come Home for Christmas" The Eagles
Ball caps. I don't even wear them a lot, and I've only ever purchased a couple in my life. But I've got 20 or so of them hanging in the closet that I acquired one way or another.
Steven Spielberg says he's never had a cup of coffee in his life.
Vaguebooking. "Well this has turned into the worst day of my life......"
My great grandmother was at least 105 the last time I saw her, and she didn't know me from a hole in the wall. There had to be a hundred great grandchildren, and she was too senile to know one from the other.
I think our basic personalities are pretty much set at around age 15. Things like whether you're generous or selfish are apparent by then, and that's the way you'll always be. That doesn't mean a selfish person can't "change" and do generous things later in life, but they'll be going against their inner instincts to do it.
Gymnastics. As you get older you wise up, and respect how dangerous it is.
Love time travel, but don't like science fiction.
I look alright if I maintain eye contact. Otherwise the dad gut ruins the shot.
Hey Jude. Huge fan, but I've heard this one a hundred times too many.
Age 16. Intro to Tequila. Vomiting blood by the end of the night.
Can you imagine a world without hypothetical questions?
Years ago I saw a stand-up comic who brought a hatchet on stage, and claimed it was the one that George Washington famously used to cut down the cherry tree. Although the head had been replaced in 1850. And in 1962 it needed a new handle. "But it still occupies the same space as the original."
One choice.
And people who study these storm patterns have a haboob job.
I've never been slapped so hard in my life as the day I tried that in the bank line.
Not nearly as potent. We got plenty high, but we smoked ungodly amounts to do it. It was nothing to do ten bong hits, or have multiple joints being passed around at the same time. Amounts in a sitting that I wouldn't dream of smoking today, and I'm a grizzled veteran with a high tolerance.
5'8" male.
Because they're all recorded in heavily populated tourist areas, and the tickets are free and easy to obtain.
Cigarettes as a unit of time, when I used to smoke. "My office is just two cigarettes away from home."
At one time I was the youngest baby in existence.
I forgot what I was going to say.
I watched "Reservoir Dogs" with my 12-year-old.
I was still in the security line, hearing "Last call for passenger Larue" on the loud speaker. I shouted that that was me, and the people ahead were nice enough to let me through. I got in my seat still holding my shoes after sprinting to the gate.
While on a cruise in Alaska, we took a helicopter tour where we landed on a glacier. Then that night, I won over $3K in the casino on the ship
Cooking basic meals.
Take a good look at the cars in the parking lot. It's pretty indicative of the type of people you'll be living around.
"My Ding-A-Ling" This is Chuck Berry's only #1 song in his career, and it wasn't because of the catchy tune.
Technology would be much further behind, because we're all pretty happy with the way things are. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
I'm not driving. I'm travelling.
Same with Creed on The Office.
The sad Charlie Brown walk.
Wanting to go on a vacation.
Sleep in the woods.
Laying in the sun on a beach.
Only a genius can get half of these correct!
What Does The Fox Say?
Aging parents that I have to worry about. They both stopped aging in the 2000's.
Bacon cooking on a George Foreman grill, on the floor next to the bed.
You shouldn't go swimming shortly after eating. Actually, the thing you should avoid swimming after is drinking alcohol.
Mowing the grass with a power mower starting at 8.
In The Mood Everybody knows it, likes it, and I can do some hot dogging.
An unruly airline passenger, especially while the flight is still in the air. Because everyone is trapped, the person has to be subdued. They can't be allowed any control or authority.
A roasted turkey.
The Russians will never have a pee tape of me.
Watching Family Guy. The line "What the hell?" is in every single episode, so I always wait for it. It's like trying to spot the Wilhelm scream.
That it took about 50,000 trees to make the paper necessary for the Sunday edition of the New York Times.
I once got the seafood platter at Red Lobster, and counted 16 deaths on my plate.
Also - the car not starting at the end was not scripted. It just happened, and they kept it. You can see the actors laughing about it.
Their SO is sick. I've never really cared what the reason is. A personal day is a personal day. But this one has always confused me.
Undercover resort inspector. I pose as a guest, and report back to corporate how they're doing. Was my steak medium rare like I asked? Did the jet ski run properly? How thoroughly did they clean the glass I broke in my bathroom?
The astronauts on the space station have no sense of thirst, and wear timers to remind them to hydrate.
My grandmother was born in the 1800's. She told me they always had two horses. One for work, and one for show, and this was pretty typical. The work horse did things like plowing, lifting, and transporting things. The other horse was better looking, and that's the one you used to pull your wagon to places like church, or visiting friends.
A gun nut.
Das Boot
Please don't call; A text is all.
Robin Williams was very easy to talk to, because he was genuinely more interested in you that you are in him. Very inquisitive, and not nearly the clown IRL that you might expect.
"I'm a Lumberjack" And that's okay.
A mom can jump into a Facebook comment thread and stop it in it's tracks this way.
"It's wine o'clock!"
Denzel's character in Training Day.
Me the Devil would make hell as fun as an all-inclusive resort. Why would I want to punish the people who lived their life just as I hoped they would?
Judge Judy
Fun fact. None of the Beatles play any instrument in this song.
A comatose patient in a care center was raped and impregnated by a nurse. It was discovered when she unexpectedly gave birth.
Nobody knows who named this planet Earth.
What's your biggest regret. They're never a fun read either. Some recycled questions it's fun to see new answers, but not this one.
Hammer
I'll stay in there with a manatee until it's body starts decomposing.
Two things I don't fuck with. Rattlesnakes and condoms.
Floating on my back in the water. I'm one of those people who can't do it. My feet go down and I sink.
Showing all my friends a picture of what I ate for lunch.
Volunteer piano player. Going to places like nursing homes, and making people smile with impromptu performances. I know all the classics from every generation.
No different, because she had retired from performing by the time I was born. Older people knew her, but my friends weren't really aware of her career. I did have the rare experience of watching Jeopardy one day, and she was the answer to one of the questions.
Bird Box 2
Under-cooked chicken.
I love Thanksgiving and New Years, but can't stand that month in between.
After a certain age it doesn't look good, just like some clothing choices. Short is more age appropriate.
Knows me like a book - 2 Would lend me $100 - 5 Would help me move furniture - **3** Would help me move a body - 0
Ron Goldman, for being murdered by OJ Simpson.
Acting. It's real apparent any time I see a non-actor in a cameo role. They're cringe-y bad side by side with the professionals, even when playing themselves.
Trump
That was definitely the key to the success of Airplane. All those dramatic actors delivering their lines perfectly deadpan.
Like when the staff in The Office acted out Threat Level Midnight. Or on Always Sunny, whenever they make a video.
French Fries. I've just had too many of them.
Brad Pitt = Steve McQueen Lite
I remember when everyone in the group got one on *Sex and the City.*
FaceMash rollout in 03, becoming TheFacebook in 04.
Mia Wallace overdose. The shot to the heart.
Posts that picture of their legs on the beach.
30 Rock
Osama Bin Laden
Getting my car's oil changed. No way I'm attempting it myself, and I don't price shop when I need it. I go to my convenient, trusted mechanic.
When the microwave dings, I say "I have an idea" out loud. It's a joke around the office. Somebody always yells that out.
You don't consistently improve like in most other sports. It's very possible to go backwards. There are plenty of players who were better two years ago than they are today.
The size of the USA. It's tough if you live on the opposite side of the country of someone or somewhere you love.
ZZ Top
Fonzie jumping the shark.
The airport experience when flying.
Don't tell me about your problem at work if you don't want to hear my solution to it. Agreeing with and consoling you does no good if I feel you're wrong.
Seasons for a lot of TV programs. Years ago series would run most of the year, with a break for summer. Now a season can be just a handful of episodes.
Flight MH 370.
Cave exploring. Fascinating, but too dangerous, in the last place you'd ever want to be rescued from.
Los del Rio - "Macarena."
An unlit swimming pool.
Whether TV stations should be able to age discriminate against female anchors. and reporters. It's unfair that male on-air talent can get old and grey and keep their jobs, but it's the entertainment business, which isn't based on fairness.
Rattlesnake. It was deep fried pieces, and may as well have been fried clams.
Spamalot "The Song That Goes Like This"
A tip for a valet to bring my car.
The mockingbird. Those things are super territorial.
Saves one drop of urine for the underwear.
Nothing stays my favorite forever, but lately it's been Bill Burr.
It took enough times for bees to fly around me without stinging. I had been swarmed as a kid, and remained terrified of them for years. I've learned that if you don't bother them, they don't bother you.
No kidding. I'm one of them, and my peers are dropping left and right.
The president at the time had been a General in the US Army.
Dang.
Cast Away. I would have liked that one more minute, where he turned around and headed back toward the ranch.
A scammer met some quick justice here some years ago. She stole another woman's purse out of her shopping cart, and went on a spending spree with her credit card. What she didn't know was that the purse belonged to one of the FBI's most wanted fugitives. She was soon descended upon by agents at a mall. Not only was she arrested for the theft, but information she provided led to the capture of the fugitive.
Heaven.
One night the rear window in my car was smashed in the driveway. When I got it to a glass place the next day, I learned that there were several other car windows broken in our area that night. I wasn't necessarily happy to hear it happened to other people, but I was a little relieved to know that I wasn't personally targeted for some reason.
Red light and stop sign runners. I never take right of way completely for granted. I try to be aware of what could be coming from the side.
Cyril Figgis. I move around different universes a lot.
Valet parking, unless there's no alternative. I'd rather walk the extra 100 yards and hang onto my keys.
Family Guy - Brian and Stewie locked in the bank vault. Shit eating crossed a line I didn't know I had.
Online anonymity. Trolling without consequence.
How to effectively search for something online, whether it's information you need, or fact checking that amazing thing someone shared.
I used to wonder why zebras aren't domesticated like horses and donkeys are. It turns out that they instinctively dislike humans and are pretty un-trainable. In the wild they're known to attack humans completely unprovoked, and with no desire to eat them. They just hate and distrust people.
Blockbuster Video.
"Somewhere Over The Rainbow." I know this as a piano player who can crank out hits from all genres. This one always quiets the room. The most universally loved song I know.
When the person in front of me in line continues chatting with the cashier after their transaction is finished.
Nyquil. It's an easy habit to fall into.
Text using two thumbs. They're too fat or something. I'm a lot more accurate and just as fast with one pointer finger.
Flour would be funny.
There are dozens of us who are at a healthy weight.
When the driver of the car stares at the passenger while talking to them.
Harold Ramis
Reese Witherspoon gave the cops the "Do you know who I am?" treatment when her husband was pulled over for DUI.
Having nowhere to go on Friday or Saturday night.
Brett on "Archer." Died doing what he loved. Getting shot.
The Lawrence Welk Show. Thought it was hokey garbage as a kid. Now I find it entertaining in small doses, in a mind-numbing way.
A typical cloud weighs about a million pounds.
The one I don't understand is how meat defrosts faster in cold water than hot water.
Because it's the largest social media site there is.
You could go online using any name you wanted. There was no tracking who was who. Complete anonymity if you wanted it.
Meet the Parents. It became too silly. The original was funny because it was believable.
Caitlyn Jenner is one of the greatest athletes that's ever lived.
Eva Braun
I recently read that companies in Japan are giving non-smokers more vacation time, to make up for this imbalance in work hours.
Started playing piano by ear at around age 5. By 10, I was getting good at covering songs and tried taking traditional lessons. Sight reading never clicked with me, and it felt like I was going backwards playing beginner songs, so I quit. In high school I took lessons from an older mentor, who played professionally by ear. He taught me all the chords, and that put me at a different level. Now I could learn songs from sheet music, using the guitar chords on top to guide me.
We lived in a big, old Victorian house. The front closet had a back wall that stopped about two feet above the floor. If you crawled under there, it opened up into the area below the stairs. That was totally my space. I ran an extension cord in there for power, and had my own little room.
A variation of the quick clothing change trick. But instead of a different outfit, every time the sheet drops I would be a different well known celebrity.
"Doh!"
Richard Cory. A story about a shocking suicide, because the man seemed to have everything. I was reminded of it when Anthony Bordain died.
I once sat with Billy Joel and watched the house piano player at Burt Bachrach's in New York. Our tables were uncomfortably close together, and when we both turned around to watch the entertainment we were sitting side by side. We had some good laughs back and forth about who was having a worse night.
Arrested Development was great. Every major character was on the boat, and the arrest set up the whole series.
Yup. The housewife with a decent camera who thinks she's an artist. Plenty of them on Facebook.
Dehydration is a problem because there's little to no sense of thirst in space. Many wear timers to remind them to drink.
The 56K modem. No increase in speed made much difference in the dial-up days.
The chimney.
5 hours due to weather. It led to me missing my connecting flight, and having to spend the night in Dulles Airport.
When people find out you can do it, you'd become famous for it. Researchers would be hounding you to find out how it's possible.
Exceeding the speed limit to get someone to a hospital in an emergency.
Solar eclipses.
Population 30K. Not tiny, but in ways better than living among millions.
Not quite tall enough to complain about the legroom in coach.
Norman Bates was Mother.
Popcorn. It's never as good as the movie theater.
A leisurely walk with someone you love.
Steve Wynn the billionaire. Interesting because he never let on to who he was. We played a round of golf together and at one point I asked him what he did for a living, and he and his friend kind of snickered. Then he just said he was in the gaming business in Las Vegas. A week later I saw his picture on the cover of Time and realized who he was.
Cleaning an electric razor. The re-assembly always takes time.
Having kids after your 40's.
"Have you been cheating on me?"
Ax / Ask
A fistfight between two coworkers, at the company Christmas party in a nice restaurant. I was gone within minutes.
"I'll go with you," when your friend is going to the restroom.
Heaven. Eternal bliss sounds nice.
World piece. And I get a handful of dirt.
Driven alone from Houston to Atlanta. 15 hours is about my limit.
ET
Related. Harrison Ford wore a hat in American Graffiti because he refused to get a 60's haircut. He didn't feel the amount they were paying him was worth it.
The dreaded "Witch's Kiss."
Bullfighting. If they tortured dogs in the same way, everyone would be horrified.
Holly Golightly in "Breakfast at Tiffany's." I didn't really understand what a call girl was as a kid.
Acting. It's really apparent when I see a non-actor do a cameo on a TV show.
Bed bugs.
Unpacking my suitcase after a trip and putting everything where it belongs.
Cooking quicker in the microwave. Press start, then time travel ahead 60 seconds.
A mom traveling with young kids, I changed her flat tire on the side of the highway.
"Let's Dance"
For a building, over 10 floors.
While sneaking through the air conditioning ducts in a building.
"At This Moment" Billy Vera and the Beaters
I'd put the top of that bell curve at around age 50. That's where the decline begins. You're not going to get any bigger, stronger, faster, smarter. The best you can do is try to maintain the strength you have and slow the dying process down. Even if you live to 100, half of your life was in a decline.
How easy it is to sneak through a building via the air vents.
On the flip side.
I think it's instinctual for most animals to load up when they have the opportunity. Like a wolf gorging itself on a kill.
The change in the water level at Lake Mead in the last decade or so.
Jimmy Carter.
Good point, I'm sure we're using way more. But i'm not sure how much of a factor that is.
I was wondering what the PETA fans thought when Mr Zirk killed Kreiger's devil dogs. Especially the jaw snap.
Being chased through snow.
Commenting often. It takes 10 comments to get a single upvote, and 100 for one to blow up.
Of course the income doesn't hurt, but I can't help but feel what brings him back is simply a love of the game. I see it in him before and after every play. He's got the enthusiasm of the kid brought off the bench for his first play ever.
The feeling that I forgot to do something, like when I'm leaving the office for the day. It bugs me because I'm usually right.
The best thing to wake up to is a day off with no plans or commitments.
Sharing something stupid without fact checking it first.
It's not a scam, it's just incredibly expensive. What drives it up is the cost of malpractice insurance. We allow lawyers to take on civil cases on a contingency., which is not allowed in many other countries. The premiums doctors have to pay are insane, but understandable.
Paint, waiting for me to put it on the walls.
And in some ways it was nice that there was only four or five choices.
The last few years I smoked I rolled my own. I though anyone who didn't was nuts, because they were spending 10X what I was. Also, anyone who smoked Camel non-filters was a hard ass.
Who the f\*ck is Noob Noob?
Sensitivity has always been there. What's changing is that we're becoming more compassionate, and not dismissing people's complaints just because they're in the minority. Encouraging people to speak up when they feel they're being mistreated is a good thing.
Paul McCartney. His abilities are slipping, but his set list is iconic to those of us who lived through the Beatle's run.
Liver and onions.
When the person ahead of me in line strikes up a conversation with the cashier, especially if it continues after the transaction is finished.
Might LGBTD (for "Different") have been more politically correct?
I also hate "Suicide is the most selfish thing a person can do." Um, homicide is more selfish.
"You want me to be honest with you?"
Blatant discrimination against minorities and the disadvantaged.
Do you know why women watch porn all the way to the end? To see if they get married.
Haley Joel Osment
Even trickier. "Are you doing anything this Saturday?"
"Are you dating anybody?"
Down with volunteerism!
Susan Sarandon at 75.
Glad you said it first because I was afraid I might misspell it.
Stormy Monday. I play it myself on piano.
Popping a pimple.
"Ca Plain Pour Moi" I heard it the other night in a list of one hit wonders from the 70's.
The sound of the dishwasher running in the dark, clean kitchen.
Using the telephone. We boomers grew up on it.
"My kid beat up your **HONOR STUDENT**"
Your favorite sports team ends a game in a tie.
Batman and Robin
1 MPH over the speed limit. Even grandma does it.
I won't comment in that thread, even if I have something super relevant. I don't even like reading through it.
Musical ability. All five of us had at least one exceptional talent.
Don't laugh at your own joke. Also, if you're going to tell a joke of any length, make sure you have it memorized. Backing up in the middle of it because you forgot a detail ruins the delivery.
The final episode of MASH, as the most watched TV episode ever. There are too many channels and choices now for one program to draw that large an audience.
They're releasing anger and frustration without personal confrontation. Vandals are typically from a lower socio-economic class and feel like they're victimized. Poor economies and vandalism go hand in hand.
It didn't say the victim can't be a toddler.
A friend taught high school driver ed, and he said about one in twenty students does not have the coordination to safely drive. They can't get a feel for how far to turn the wheel while steering, and same with the amount of gas or brake to apply. He suggests they don't even attempt a road test, and if they're determined to learn, they need private lessons.
Catch Me If You Can. Book way better because the movie was just a Cliff Notes. The book covered his scams in more detail, and spent more time at each stage of his life. You really got the feeling of what it was like to be the department head at a hospital with no qualifications, for example.
"I'm leaving to go get help."
I just used an ATM, or a gas pump, and want to assure I don't touch my nose or mouth before washing my hands.
Schadenfreude. There's plenty of misery out there to remind me that things could be worse.
The ascension of Christ to heaven. When they tell me that's not available, I'll take the Beatles on Ed Sullivan from the audience.
The face piercings.
Hearing my child have a big laugh, at any age.
Get their coffee refilled in a restaurant, after the meal was over. They'd sit and chat, while we kids were itching to get out of there.
Stay married. The relationship has some scratches and dents, but with proper care you can get 300K miles out of it.
That all Americans are overweight. There are dozens of us whose weight is well under control.
The day the printing press was invented. At the time, it allowed people to actually read the Bible, rather than having it interpreted to them by priests. From there it spread to the masses being able to share information.
I'm older, and I'm seeing way too much of other people's grandchildren. Good for you that that child exists, but I have no need for daily updates. It doesn't seem very fair to the child either. There could be a reason they don't appreciate that exposure when they're older.
The robot population on Mars.
This is the one. I'm in my 60's, and don't remember any time in my life when there wasn't a new Bond movie.
I'll eat it with a fork and knife until that point.
The chicken or pork to cook all the way through.
It's not the kind of success you can brag about IRL. The expense of maintaining anonymity on here.
I've seen a mouth hole cut out, because the Karen said it was too hard to breathe.
The end of chronic, unrelenting pain.
They can't resist stealing something if it's too easy to get away with.
Panda
I'm not even crazy about them marrying, any more than Jim and Pam on The Office.
Anywhere during the day, but when the whole family is in bed for the night, on the landing at the top of the stairs. It's the ideal guard spot for a natural watchdog.
No. The printing press was invented.
YouTube, for any time I need to fix something I know nothing about.
The God of Abraham. Actually thought he was real at one point. Still a big influence because of the effect the story has on society.
When the newly elected president was younger than me. Thanks Obama.
I was in one of those industries that the internet killed over time. For every two people whose career was enhanced by the internet, there is one whose career was destroyed. From paperboys to travel agents, there are millions of us middlemen who were made unnecessary.
Cool Runnings
Not telling, because you're responding to every comment in this thread.
I'll assume you've never been married to an invalid, or someone with a neurological disorder, where leaving them puts them in a much worse position.
No. No more than I believe, "Never cheated, never will."
After the test, the examiner got out of the car, my mother got into the passenger seat, and we drove off. I forgot that my permit was no longer valid until I got back the results of my road test. If my mother had driven us away I would have passed.
Even cuts and scratches take a lot longer to heal.
"Do You Feel Like We Do" Heard Peter Frampton play it live when he was an unknown warm up act. That song stole the night.
Maybe exercise your right to an attorney first, just for the heck of it.
I wouldn't spend a nickel on a used mattress, yet I'll pay $300 to sleep on one in a hotel.
My last year of running my company before retiring. I had an orderly plan to wind it down, and Covid sped that clock up.
Helium. All fun and games in small amounts, but breathing it off a tank is a suicide method.
If it all stopped at once, the economy would collapse. A lot of careers depend on it.
That's a hard one to bury.
Heartbreak.
Inventory problems. They're behind on filling orders, or don't have the materials to do a job. Their suppliers have halted their credit till they get caught up on payments.
"Use the fucking force, Luke."
I wore a lot of hats at my company, and all the tasks related to bookkeeping were my favorite. It's the only job you can do perfectly. When everything balances, nobody could have done that any better than I just did.
Most times it's coincidental, not ironic.
Heaven after death.
That's what gets me to the Renaissance Fair.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
A ball cap fixes that problem.
I'm spending practically no money. Just my normal monthly bills, but hardly any discretionary spending for the past few months. I don't remember the last week where money was tight.
Distancing.
Find the 4-year-old on YouTube who can do it better than you.
Singing. Frustrating because I'm a very good piano player. I can cover anything, but have no vocal range.
Oh Brother. Where Art Thou? May as well be a musical, and a lot of people rave about this one.
No Country For Old Men
His birther conspiracy, which put him on the political map. Completely unfounded, and it never would have happened if the president was white. Rather than simply criticizing Obama's policies, he went much lower than that, fanning the flames of the racists who were already unhappy with having a black president.
I was Time Person of the Year in 2006.
Find a body bobbing in the water with a whistle around it's neck. Paddle your door over to that body so that the whistle can reach your mouth, and blow into it.
I knew she had given me her junk email address. Not her good, personal one. She told me when I sent her anything, to put my name in all caps in the subject line, because she gets lots of messages and didn't want to miss it. That could only mean I have the email that's full of spam, the one you use for shopping and logins.
Carlos Santana. Not necessarily the most skilled, but I like where his mind goes.
Yes, from my car to my apartment, for exercise. It's about 100 yards, but I'll turn it into a 20-minute walk through the complex.
That dress.
It depends on how much they delegate. Jimmy Carter was very hands-on, and worked endlessly because he took every aspect of the job very seriously. Some say that's part of why he was so ineffective. Poor time management. Ronald Reagan was the opposite of that. He didn't put in a lot of hours at the office. He was just the public face for the army of people doing the work beneath him.
Anti-maskers.
Kevin Spacey would have nailed it.
Little League baseball.
"I love broads" might have worked better.
Yankees fans and Red Sox fans.
They always take a stab at it with my unusual name. "Is that Swedish?" (It isn't)
Power doesn't corrupt people, it exposes who they already were. It can go either way. A good person will use that power to do good things. It won't make them greedy. That greed had to already be there. A selfish person cannot help but misuse power.
Darkness.
Julia Roberts in Notting Hill.
Expensive clothing. I always seem to look for the bargain.
It wasn't a conversion, it was more of an admission. I grew up going through the motions of a believer, but I never deep down was.
The national anthem before sporting events.
In the US, playing the national anthem before sporting events.
That drivers on cross streets will stop for red lights and stop signs. Green lights can give you tunnel vision.
My parents paid for my college. When I was graduating, I mentioned to my father that I didn't know how I could ever repay them for that. He said, "If one day you have a kid, you pay for their college. That makes us even."
The deep kiss. I think two straight people could have sex together more easily than this.
At birth, a baby can support it's own weight by gripping a chin-up bar. It will lose this ability within a day or two, and won't be able to do it again for years.
