Program was just regular Petroleum Engineering. My thesis was in modelling well properties to reservoir scale with stochastic simulations and then using unsupervised algorithms to classify reservoir areas.
That cat's an absolute unit.
You don't need to give up Spellstrike though. It's just that using Spellstrike without Spell Combat means you only attack once per turn when you cast a spell.
Duelist also gets uncanny dodge, no?
I'm a Geologist with an MS in Reservoir Modelling, so probably that. The biggest carryover is probably coding ability, Geology is heavily data and model focused, but a lot of mining/O&amp;G companies are just scrathing the surface with data science, relying on some hundred thousand dollar software to do stuff you could do in Python for free with little training.
IIRC correctly, if you multiply your number of ancestors by two every 25 years, by the time you get to the late 1200s you have more ancestor than the global population was back then. If you do it every 20 years to reflect people having children at a younger age in the past, you get to that point in the 1400s. So basically, if you're white, if you get any random person from medieval Europe, there's a good chance they're an ancestor of yours.
I'll tag everyone on this thread as "JB's editor" just to be safe. Including me.
Don't do me like that man, now I need to watch that movie.
&gt; Your sideboard is 15 cards only, you kinda have to pick cards that can be used against more than one archetype Yeah no, your sideboard is for silver bullets against proeminent decks. Having a few slots of your side dedicated to fucking with one of the most popular decks in the meta is perfectly fine. You can debate wether Teyo is the better choice against RDW, but having slots in your sideboard against a specific deck is exactly what a sideboard is there for.
To be fair to Petrel, it's interface is quite nice. If they had a better way to let you import and export your data from Petrel/Eclipse, I'd have no problems with it. For my masters I wanted to export some geologic models I built in Petrel and use some clustering algos in it to classify lithologies, had to develop my own function that goes into the files and converts them to numpy arrays. Took me more than a month and even then I didn't even try to load the thing back into Petrel, I imagine it would suck even more.
A lot and a lot. But the modelling part is awesome enough that it's worth it.
Right now. Mono green stompy was pretty good in Amonkhet/Kaladesh standard. And I know it relies on colorless cards, but Tron is one of the T1 decks in Modern and it's mono green.
[[Geat Oak Guardian]] as well. It's often played in Selvala/Yisan lists. And Selvala might be a little fragile for cEDH, but Yisan is definately a tier 1 deck.
Depends on the deck though, Tamiyo pretty good against aggro in Nexus decks because you use her -3 to get back root snare.
Spell Pierce is probably a lot better than Sabotage for what you're using it for. Heck, Quench is probably still better.
I know that's not what you meant, but reducing data science to just plotting is all kinds of yikes.
As another Brazillian who works as a data scientist, Nubank is probably not as well known outside of Brazil dude haha
Altitude. The air is less dense at higher altitutes, so less drag and balls fly longer distances. Also Baseball fields are not all the same shape, the field of play changes size significantly depending on the stadium.
Your point, however, assumes that Africans were enslaved because they were black. They were enslaved because Europeans realised they could get free labor in the colonies without much consequence. The racial pseudoscience and divine right bullshit came later to try and justify it.
This, my mistake.
Yeah, I was more thinking along the lines of using the tokens as ramp /alternative wincons in a jeskai thousand year storm or jeskai phoenix deck.
Well, you're missing out dude.
It works, the Thought Erasure fizzles. Same way you can protect a creature by casting [[Dive Down]] in response to removal.
Oh, look, it's [Knight Exemplar](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Handlers/Image.ashx?multiverseid=204988&amp;type=card)
[[Roon of the Hidden Realm]]?
Oh yeah, because you should be able to handle cards your opponent plays for just 2 mana. There's a reason Carnage Tyrant is a 6 drop, and no, you shouldn't be able to remove it easily, not without giving your opponent some cards (Niv) or after they've already got cards from it (Commence)
Because they want to able to answer a 6 drop sorcery speed creature with a 2 mana instant like Cast Down and not give the opponent any kind of card advantage or tempo while doing it. These are the kind of players who don't care about a balanced format, they just want their favorite archetype to be dominant.
There are two sets remaining untill Chart and Opt rotate, I think it's a safe bet there'll be some reprints/new cantrips.
Subreddits alarmistas desse tipo só servem pra descreditar qualquer tipo de iniciativa sustentável. Só o fato de citar uma onda de calor na Índia como sendo causada por mudanças climáticas globais mostra um tremendo viés alarmista, por favor pare, você só tá fazendo com que as pessoas descreditem de pesquisas reais em sustentabilidade.
Don't forget about tribal spells, you could get [[Crib Swap]] or [[Nameless Inversion]] with Kaalia.
Since you're using mods anyway, have you seen the Eldritch Arcana and Call of the Wild mods? They add Oracle, Hunter, Witch and Bloodrager, so you'd have a few more options. Though I don't think the Extra classes fit the characters all that well most cases. Octavia - The easier one, 20 Wizard, 10 Arcane Trickster, 10 Rogue. Harrim - Also easy, Cleric/Fighter, making him kind of an anti-Paladin. Valerie - 20 TSS, 10 Stawart Defender, 10 Slayer (Pick two-weapon style feats and shield bash). Regongar - Eldritch Scion, Bloodrager and Dragon Disciple, not sure on the level spread. Jubilost - Alchemist/Archaeologist seems like the obvious lore choice. Jaethal - Inquisitor/Vivisectionist, the vivi levels make sense considering her backstory. Thug could also probably work, get Finesse training in Elven Swords. Amiri - I'd change her Barb archetype to Invulnerable Rager, for the 2nd class, 2H Fighter is the obvious one but I like the Inquisitor of Gorum idea someone posted. Linzi - Though one as I don't think any other class is a good match for her lorewise. Probably Bard/Rogue or Bard/Fighter/Eldritch Knight. Bard/Rogue/Arcane Trickster probably fits her but also is probably too similar to Octavia. Kalikke - Kineticist/Water Domain Cleric (Gozreh) Kanerah - Dark Elementalist/Eldritch Scoundrel Ekun - Slayer/Fighter, yes, I'd take his Ranger levels away. Get Okbo with the Feats. Ekun is a guy with a bow, the nature magic part of Ranger doesn't fit him. Nok Nok - Knife Master/Fighter, if you could pick Lamashtu as your Deity I could see Inquisitor. Tristian - I think you could build him multiple ways, I think Oracle fits him better than Cleric except for the fact the Oracles don't select a specific deity. Empyreal Sorcerer or regular sorcerer with a celestial bloodline also fits him well. I think I'd make him an Oracle/Celestial Bloodline Sorcerer and then pick up Mystic Theurge.
&gt;2u, 2r, and 6 generic mana 2U is 2 colorless and one blue. Multiple colored mana is typically written by repeating the letters. This costs UURR6, as an example.
&gt; **Karen** Liberated /r/FuckYouKaren/
Sure, my mistake, but that's still 10 mana either way. 2U and UU are entirely different CMCs.
Am Brazillian, can confirm. Both O&amp;G and Mining have died here from regulations and government imposed monopolies.
You need to throw it higher, terminal velocity increases with altitude due to reduced drag. At one point you're just launching stuff into orbit though.
Turn 2 reclamation with 0 lands on the battlefield doesn't seem that good.
&gt; Different colours, but [[Rix Maadi Reveler]] didn't see much play outside of opening week I see you haven't played against Jund Ilharg reanimator
Can't agree, sedimentology field work for me has always been digging through some soil to get to see actual rocks. But then again, I'm in Brazil, there's soil everywhere.
I have to disagree about Statham, bald is almost always better looking than a receding hairline. Bald vs normal hair depends on the shape of your head, not everyone can pull off a bald head, but both options are always better than a receding hair line.
Pro tip, send your children to study in an European public university. You'll spend less by just giving them money to live confortably in Germany and studying in a public university than you'd spend paying tuition on the US.
This also has the advantage of not going back to the opponent's control if they somehow get rid of the aura. Once you steal the creature it's permanently yours (unless they blink it).
*Laughs in [[The Wanderer]]*
&gt; but surely that doesn't mean they have to be "unplayable in all formats" bad... For planeswalker cards decks, yes it kinda does.
This is in Brazil. I'll have to move to Rio, people on the internet will finally be right when they assume I live by the beach (My hometown is mostly sugar cane and coffee farmland country).
My learning proccess was a mixed bag, I already had some experience with coding, as I did an internship for a startup software company making seismic processing software and my undergraduate course thesis was in computational geology. I learned the "basics" of machine learning by myself on platforms like Udemy and Coursera, but then I took a couple classes from our CS program to "validate" my knowledge.
Sure, [here it is](https://i.imgur.com/HEf3xUd.png). Worth noting that there isn't relevant coursework in the undergrad degree because down here in Brazil Geology is a 5 year course with 310 credits, we don't get to pick our classes, we take them all.
Don't forget the fact that bomat wasn't bad in multiples like Frenzy. Turn 1 Bomat into Turn 2 Bomat was incredinly strong, specially when you consider you can activate the 2nd one in response to the first and draw the cards from both.
Aka don't make artifact based sets.
I just wish sleeping in your car while drunk wouldn't make it so you get a DUI for it. If drunk people could just sleep it off in the back seat I think there would be way less of an incentive for them to drunk drive.
The moment you block a public space and violate the right of other people to come and go as they please your protest is no longer peaceful.
Considering you pay taxes to maintain said roads, yes you do.
Because corrupt profit driven corporations need to compete with other corrupt profit driven corporations. There's a reason literally every time a country has tried to apply liberal measures it has done wonders for their economy. Stop trying to infantilize something you don't even understand.
Yes, but that power still stems from government.
You can't lobby your way into regulating whatever you want when there aren't any regulations. Governments are the biggest friends of large corporations.
History disagrees with you. Literally every country who has tried to follow a libertarian agenda ended up better for it.
Government is the main source generating monopolies. In the case of Comcast it comes from granting exclusive access to infrastructure, in Pfizer it comes from patents. The libertarian method of monopoly prevention is that without government suppressing competition, smaller competitors can chip away at the market share.
I'm not sure you understand what the economy of a society is. Corporations turning profits does not mean an economy is doing well. And yes, corporations have to compete all the time in a deregulated market. We've just made it so hard for newcomers to enter the market (decades of lobbying will do that) that we've made it easier to just form oligopolies.
All of the Scandinavian countries until the 1960s, which is when most of them started migrating into welfare states. Even today, regulations and corporate tax in Scandinavian countries are mostly low. Not coincidentally, their growth rate since the 60s has been close to half what it was in the first half of the 20th century. Chile and Botswana are good recent examples of countries that got much better than other countries in their region by focusing on libertarian policies. If you want to go for the memes route, you can use Somalia as an example, the country actually got better by almost any measure once it became an anarchy.
&gt; but it's not a hard counter to the format like T3feri was to ~~Cascade~~ Standard. FTFY
INB4 Urabrask is the new main hero.
Hey, if she can get paid for being pretty, power to her. Just don't try to convince me she's funny.
This, my lawful evil Psion back in a 3.5e campaign eventually became the BBEG due to 3.5e giving Psions literal armies and his desire to be immortal, but he started adventuring with the party because it paid well.
This is why I love that in my group I only DM one-shots (I'm not our regular DM, but I step in when he doesn't want to DM). We don't have any assholes like that, but not having to care about plot armor is wonderful.
Or you know, delay of game.
If he lost weight he might actualy have been a good lb, he seems to have good instincts and he's a good tackler.
We're a former startup company, so our data team is not very large, we offer services to both mining and O&amp;G companies, so our work is split between data/ml consulting and R&amp;D projects for clients. Since I'm one of the few geologists on the data team a lot of my job specifically is doing sanity checks in the other data scientists. We also sell a cloud data management solution and helping the development team deploy ml solutions is also part of what we do since we don't have a dedicated data engineering team.
If Steven Adams backs down Isiah Thomas that's a poor switch, not an offensive foul lol
The New York Jets first round selection, fullback - "OH NOOOO"
Ah yes, because government agencies are the hallmark of safety and efficiency. What you need is strong auditing, not the government running it.
Who are these science denying scumbags? Most of the fear mongering about nuclear energy was done by environmentalist activists.
Hydroelectric dams are far from green, they're just better than fossil fuels.
Just, no. I have problems with the Witcher, but deviating from the source material isn't necessarily bad, it shouldn't matter if you read the book or not, the plot in the series has to make sense in itself. As I said, I have some problems with the writing for the series, but it isn't nearly as bad as GoT seasons 5-7, let alone season 8.
Could've made it 4 if we kept McLaughlin. Honestly I wouldn't have been mad if they decided to cut Gould and kept him.
Or any other sport really. And I say that as someone who actualy enjoys his show, but I just listen to him, have a laugh and carry on.
To be fair to you, they should be angry at the teacher. Grading on a curve is fucking ridiculous.
While I agree with the sentiment, the FB spot in the All-Pro team would just get eventually renamed the Kyle Juszczyk yearrly appreciation award.
&gt;Loved that moment!! Also, every time ~~Loki is disguised as Odin,~~ Anthony Hopkins just does an amazing job FTFY
&gt; to see her lose her shit in fear of Darth Vader I mean, I'm pretty sure Vader is force choking her.
Aren't all coaches' contracts fully guaranteed? It's not like there's a cap.
This, Harbaugh was supposed to be an offensive genius, and yet our offense was never better than mediocre under him. Our success was a due to guys like Fangio, Ed Donatell and Tomsula (as a DL coach). Heck, as much as I hated him when he was our OC, even Greg Roman has been doing better without Harbaugh.
To be fair, Chip Kelly the coach was pretty good, the problem was Chip Kelly the GM.
&gt; and stadium opener versus the bears Literally my only Niners game at Levi's, I don't live in the US, travelled to San Francisco just for the game, I still hate Alshon Jeffery to this day.
You're right, but I guess the other guy was referencing playing this on an empty library.
Turn 1 win with consultation and lotus petal+mox. Only uses 5 cards for the T1 kill on top of that. We christmasland now boys.
No, the offense is deliberately hiding who has the ball, and since both players are acting like they have the ball, he's allowed to tackle both.
Enemies tend to attack the most vulnerable members of your party, it's also why I like Ifan as a summoner, his wolf costs 1 more AP than the incarrnate but it has an AOE taunt.
Space fantasy, there's no science in star wars.
&gt;Look at Carpet or Remora. They're are still heavily sought after cards in regular commander. It's not like labman and fire covenant have spiked.
&gt;Controversial Choices: Crop Rotation with only Gaea's Cradle I really don't think this is controversial. Crop Rotation has incidental upside for other lands, but you run it to fetch Cradle primarily.
I don't hate the dudes who do it, I understand why they do it. I just find it uninteresting.
Oh wow you can't just call people brown dude.
But the first not thrown by himself.
I mean, they're probably Ravens fans.
Maybe in the alternate universe where we drafted Rodgers in 2005.
Fantastic douchebag, not really a reporter.
When we beat the Packers a Vikings fan made a thread on /r/49ers promising they'd beat the Seahawks in their matchup the next week. Which they didn't.
I said almost in high-school because he was a freshman.
How the fuck is saying "almost in high school" moving the goal posts when talking about a fucking freshman? Also, dude is an asshat because he made some dumb tweets as a teenager years ago? Ok dude, you seem like a very reasonable person.
Outside of the US and the UK most people actualy go for PhDs in their late 20s. As an example, in my country, people generally graduate high school at 18/19, most BSc degrees are 5 years, and then most PhDs require you to have an MSc (that will take 2 years to get). That means that the youngest you can get into a PhD here is 25, then you consider that most people will either need an extra year after high school to get into their desired undergrad program or an extra year during undergrad or both, and you have most people starting their PhDs at 28-29. And that's not even considering that you might decide to work for a bit before going back for the degree (Like me, finished my masters in early 2019, I want to go back for a PhD eventually, but not right now).
While I kinda agree, you have to realise making creatures Legendary also has gameplay reasons. Non-legendary Questing Beast would be even stronger than it already is.
Geologist here, stop claiming Shoemaker for yourselves!
I can't build casual decks anymore. As in, I can't intentionally build worse decks. I find the idea of not putting a card in a deck because it's "too good" very weird. All decks I build are as strong as I feel I can make them, what often happens is that the deck is a bit weaker because I don't have extra copies of a card. So whenever I play at a more casual table I just play a control deck and remove win conditions, I just interact with plays, but I have no way to win. Though sometimes I end up winning off of stolen permanents.
Duel of the fates alone should be worth a nomination.
About your NG spoiler, the prologue mentions it briefly.
I think that Filip mentions it in passing.
About combat being underutilized, it's gotten to the point that I've won some games with my Yisan deck by just turning elfs sideways.
I've even won some games with Yisan by just hitting people with dorks. I mean, there's some Craterhoof shenanigans involved, but still.
Nekusar, he's not a Dino dude.
I know it's easier because he's a fucking superstar so Dwelley is not a threat to him at all, but Kittle also gets pumped like hell whenever Dwelley/Toilolo gets a catch.
Godamnit Pettis, couldn't you just be, like, good? I wanted to love him so much.
Or you could just kill the scientist and live in opulence for the rest of your days. Or you could be a dumbass and drive your ship into the nearest sun.
You realise that all the same things you said about outstanding stude ts also apply to other areas, right? Yes, if you're an outstanding psychologist this is all possible, all for the privilege of making the same salary as the guy who got all Cs in STEM. The top-50 school PhD in engineering dude is often leaving grad school with multiple 200k+ offers.
Ew. Make it Magic and I'm in.
The irony of Thai food.
No Snow-Covered Forests. Disgusting. Jokes aside I've been thinking about converting my Yisan deck into a Seton deck for a while now for a change, I'll probably try out your list.
Just another question, any specific reason you're not running the ramp enchantments? [[Utopia Sprawl]], [[Wild Growth]], [[Exploration]], [[Burgeoning]],[[Carpet of Flowers]]? I imagine getting Seton out on turn 2 is probably a big priority.
\&gt; combo in a sultai deck \&gt; some sort of labman effect out and win \&gt; There has to be something more efficient I mean, Oracle+Consultation is exactly that.
TIL Texans are Mandalorians
Not by me, but then again I'm a degenerate who loves turbo fog decks.
&gt; Yeah, I know, let the downvotes rain. It's still true. Bruh, you're at +30.
Did you just assume the class of my thievery skeleton? I'll have you know my Fane is a very succesful geomancer with a lockpicking hobby.
Ctrl+f football. Yup.
Plot twist: Agholor is actualy good but the equipment manager in Philly hates him and fucks with his gloves.
Island, lotus petal, flash, hulk, win on turn 1 with no board and 2 mana. There are also multiple situations where a deck like Selvala or Zur can win with just their commander and 3 mana. Plus, I also have an Ink-Treader deck, if your wincon isn't [[Fiery Gambit]] you're doing it wrong haha
Also play [[Nivmagus Elemental]], you control the copies, not the caster, so if someone tries to wipe your board by playing removal at Nephilim, you can exile the copies targetting your stuff.
The RC complete inability to manage a format is one of the reasons I've been enjoying playing Oathbreaker much more than EDH lately. Plus I had forgotten how much of a pain in the ass shufffling an EDH deck is compared to a regular 60 card deck (I only play Standard and Legacy in MTGA/MTGO)
What I like is being able to a Spike and a Timmy/Johnny at the same time. I want to win and I want to build powerful decks, but I also enjoy the cool cards, it gets fun when the cool cards are actualy competitive.
&gt; I thought you meant Even CMC for a second and wondered how [[Yennett]] had hurt you. Maybe he just really likes [[Void Winnower]]
God I love Planechase.
I agree with you, but just a minor point, for every 4 color combination the most popular commanders in EDHRec are by far the main 4 color creatures.
It was played a little with [[Academy Rector]].
Honestly at this point I don't know how to make cEDH a healthy format. I enjoy the format very much, if I'd make any immediate changes would be to ban Flash and unban Paradox Engine. See if Oracle+Consult is too oppresive and then maybe ban Oracle. But that doesn't address some of the issues I have with the format, the fact that there's very little deckbuilding cost to 4/5c generals is one of them, the other being that basically 60-70% of the cards in every deck are the same. And I don't see any way to fix that.
I agree, I was just providing a data point. For what it's worth, I think that apart from Saskia there are more decks for the 4 color creatures than all the partner possibilities combined. Which is weird, I expected Thrasios/Vial-Smasher to be more popular than Yidris, specially because both Vial-Smasher and Thrasios were part of the Yidris precon.
Actualy, the only way you can play as Druid/Monk is to be Lawful Neutral. Druid requires neutral alignment.
But muh midichlorians.
Coming from the dude who said Doncic doesn't fit urban culture and woudn't want his "soft" ass just because the dude is white.
Change the names around and change the Tom Brady's shadow line for revenge for the 2005 draft and he could have written it last week.
&gt; Mostert is being paid 8.6 million over 3 years. To be fair we brought him over expecting him to be our Special Teams ace, he's one of the very best gunners in the league.
Either your parents failed or you've overcame great darkness in your life.
I'm so used to TO being TO that it took me a while to register who the fuck was Owens.
I mean, the last time we went to a Super Bowl I was a broke college student, so I didn't even bother checking the prices.
Hey now, I do really like Andy Reid, but Kyle's pretty cool as well.
It's the beard, we can't say for sure until Kittle lets his grow.
Colts no doubt. Not only Manning a better QB than Favre, the Colts actualy have a nice roster, they just got blindsided by Luck retiring.
I mean, the Saints game is a good example of how different Shanahan's playbook can be depending on the situation.
The Chiefs have a good secondary, but IMO our passing game is more well-rounded than the Texans or Titans. The Texans are very explosive but their short and medium range passing is suspect, so when Deshaun is under pressure they tend to struggle more than other teams. Tannehill had a nice year but they still rely heavily on taking deep shots after setting up playaction, kinda like the Ravens. I feel like the 49ers game with quick passes and a lot of YAC coming from Deebo and Kittle is a better matchup and harder to completely shut-off, as it is less fragile to pressure and gives less opportunities to the secondary to make plays.
I'm still not sure if reversing the card name is a joke I'm not rich enough to understand (aka I don't play legacy).
&gt; the diamond cycle would see play if it were standard legal again. I really don't think so. We've had plenty of equivalent mana rocks throughout the years and they rarely see play.
&gt; Cedh is a non-political format I don't agree, the politics are just proper politics instead of "being nice", as in, proper threat assessment and relying on other people to make plays for you sometimes. Things like knowing when you can tap out so you force another player to hold mana to answer possible wins, or simplerr things like just using chain of vapor on a permanent that is not the problem one to force a player to sacrifice a land to avoid losing.
"Wouldn't put past them". The card should be banned if anyone took the format seriously, literally every deck should run it.
At this point the cEDH community needs to come up with a "tournament ban list" or something like that. Just roll with the normal ban list so it's technically still edh but add a few cards to the list for tournament play.
Yes it should be banned in any reasonable format. Any card that is an auto include in every deck should be banned. I always get down voted for saying it because people like the cards, but this is one of the things that really hurt deck diversity in cEDH. I also feel that 100 card decks add nothing from a competitive standpoint, but that is a cometely different discussion.
Then it's a good thing he's a pretty fucking great QB. Jimmy ain't Mahomes but people talking like he's Case Keenum or some shit. Edit: Lol at the downvotes, Jimmy this year: - Literally top 5 in the league in TDs. - 3rd in yards per attempt - Best in the NFL in passing 3rd downs converting 50% of them. - Best at 3rd and medium (63.8%) - 2nd at 3rd and long (37%) - 2nd in completed passes over 25 yards - Rating over 100 for the year. And people acting like we can't pass just because the NFC North can't tackle.
To be fair it's not like Young was any good in Tampa.
It's almost like her character is literally a dirty hippie.
Shanahan has proved he will do whatever works, that's what people don't get about this offense, they look at 8 passes and think we're scared of passing for some reason, there just is no reason to pass when you're gettinh 9 yards a carry and leading by 20 points. It's like people completely forgot the Saints game happened (and they are a much better defense than the Chiefs).
&gt;Are you really going to sit there act like no one understands the Niners? Yes, I am, because people are sitting there and talking like we're some smashmouth 1960s football team that can only win by running it straight up the middle 30 times. Which is completely false, Shanahan runs a lot because it's working, not because we have an irrational need to run the ball, if the Chiefs come out playing goal line defense at the 50yd line like they did against the Titans they're going to get light up (But I'm sure Reid isn't going to do it). The Chiefs are a fucking great team and it should be a great game, but people are going heavy on the narrative that if you stop our running game our offense is done, which is bullshit.
Technically he only scored 6 of their points. The "scorer" is officialy whoemever gets the ball in the endzone or kicks it. Edit: Not sure why the downvotes, just pointing out that from a boxscore standpoint the QB very rarely scores.
PPG is kinda bad, but we're still top 10 (#7) in DVOA to KC's #3, definately still underrated. Meanwhile we have the #2 defense to KC's #14.
I drafted him last year, but eventually traded him for what ended up being the 1.01. Probably a good move in the end, but if he ball sout it will forever haunt me.
Flash Rector into Omniscience and then durdle with cantrips and extra turns for 40 minutes. Probably the easiest way to make them ban flash as Sheldon hates "solitaire" decks. Except they might end up banning Rector instead.
If you're not willing to regulate a format at it's highest level then you shouldn't be the one regulating it. People will inherently try to break a format and you need to consider that or give up control. Having "casual fun" as a goal makes no sense, as right now I could show up to my LGS with a flash hulk and pubstomp everybody, and guess what, no one is going to have fun.
I know, I'm just arguing that their refusal to acknowledge competitive play is reason enough that they should just let WotC take control of the format.
There's no point in having a regulating body if you're going to rely on groups self-regulating. That's exactly my point.
IMO Thrasios need to go as well because it's largelly responsible for the standardization of 4-color combostuff. Thrasios is not particularly super strong himself, but he's pretty much always the best option to have in your command zone, even without Flash. If you ban Thrasios then people have to at least consider if Kenrith or Tasigur work better.
I mean, the only "viable" alternative would be to cast all Earthers as really short people. That in itself would be already a massive hurdle.
Do you want to play against cEDH decks? Because making bans around casual play is how you end up with degenerate decks pubstomping casual decks. You need to understand that cEDH is not a different format, refusing to acknowledge that broken combos exist just means they're perfectly legal in a casual invrionment. And if you're going to rely on players self-regulating you don't need a banlst because in the same way players choose to not play competitive decks they can choose not to play [[Worldfire]]
The best part of "rule 0" is that it defeats the purpose of even having a banlist. Oh yes, you should make the choice not to play a competitive deck, but apparently you need the rules comittee to tell you that you can't play Balance or Karakas in your deck.
If you're going to rely on players self-regulating stuff on the format then there's no point in even having a rules comittee. You can't reasonably say players should avoid playing competitively for the sake of the fun in their group and then ban a card like Balance or Iona, if those cards make games unfun then players should just avoid running them as well. If you don't adjust your format to competitive play then there's no point in even having a regulating body. Plus, your point about playing a different format is extremely condescending.
During the NFCCG they showed a highlight heel of his blocks during the game. I said to my buddy "Kittle is probably the only receiving threat who can get 0 catches and still get a highlight reel"
Sprinkle in some Drew Brees. The Saints have had some BAD teams over the years and Brees just keeps bailing them out.
I'm still drafting Wilson over Jackson with that number 1 pick.
I'm just saying that the analogy you made is pretty much the same definition he made, because IMO it takes situation into context like the rest of the team, while the way the MVP is decided is pretty much just looking at statistics and win total.
Well, it's better than the alternative where you feel heat becuase you stuck your hand inside your home heater without realising or some shit.
How many times have you've been featured at /r/rimjob_steve ?
&gt; I don't see why you believe those things are at odds. Iona is contrary to what is generally seen as fun in battlecruiser Commander, therefore it is banned. Nice job ignoring half of my phrase, my whole point is that if you expect people not to play competitive decks because they're not fun and should also expect people not to play Iona because it isn't fun. Regulating one with a banlist but not the other doesn't make sense.
&gt;if he isn't held, then it will be a big gain. I mean, aren't all holds that? That's pretty much the reason that it awards the offense an automatic first down.
I don't know, I was OC for my shitty University's team for a couple years, and sometimes I would call a play, then the defense would align and I would just know that it was a touchdown. And then the Center threw the snap over the QBs head or some shit like that. What I mean is that even I could see it sometimes, I'm pretty sure Shanahan has a pretty good idea how his playcalls are going to develop based on the defense most times.
To be fair Sol Ring should probably be banned.
Depends, I work in a StartUp, I've been publishing more working here than I did working at academia. Granted those are conference papers and I have a Masters, not a PhD (though not in the US, so a Masters is much more research focused and a requirement for a PhD). We basically use conference papers as free advertisement.
I mean, it already did that, what oracle does is remove some dead slots from the deck like Narcomoeba and Hapless Researcher, plus allowing to combo off at instant speed.
There's a mod called (ironically) [Divine Talents](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1508979975) that add two pretty balanced talents for extra summons. One of them gives you an extra summon but -2 AP per turn if you have more than 1 active summon, and the other gives you an extra summon, but if your summons are outside your Leadership AoE they get Madness (Same if you're Stunned, knocked down or other forms of CC). Though my favorite talent in the mod is the Quick Change talent, it lets you change weapons without spending AP, I like using it on rangers so I can use a Spear in close range.
I mean, basically the only way today to have what you describe is to open your own company or work at a coop or company with heavy stock payments. I might not be the best example because I'm a geologist and I work as a data scientist within geology, so a different field than most DS people, but I currrently work in a startup company, and basically the one thing that would make me consider staying if a bigger offer came would be stock options or others ways to make me a part-owner of the company.
I might be biased because I work as a DS within Geology and I'm a Geologist, but I feel like it's very underrated and it's only going to be more important as access to DS and ML tools get easier and more user-friendly. I can't count the amount of times I needed to have our data scientists who don't have a geoscience background redo entire models because they ignored some trivial geoscience concept.
I mean, we are his childhood team.
&gt; but its not a terribly big deal Is that not, like, everything judaism? All my jewish friends do prretty much everrything they aren't supposed to do and then say it's not really a big deal.
Whenever I want to hate Wilson I just remember about the concussion water snake oil peddling. To be fair to him though, I think he actualy believed in the stuff and just got conned.
Username doesn't check out.
The problem with a split is that cEDH decks are still legal in EDH after that, there's no way to make a format split unless you just go and ban every tutor and combo piece from EDH.
The whole idea of rule 0 defeats the purpose of a rules comittee. If you aren't willing to regulate the damn format properly why should I even listen to you?
Hey man, sorry if I sound a bit aggressive, but wow, it sounds really weird to me that anyone who plays cEDH has not heard about one of the commanders from the new commander decks.
Honestly, playing the bad cards and making them good is part of why I love Selvala. Nothing like making [[Hunted Troll]] cEDH playable.
Oh, for sure, I also think [[Seton, Krosan Protector]] can do work while we're on mono green commanders.
You clearly aren't familiar with the cEDH meta, Bolas's Citadel is almost not played in cEDH, neither is Future Sight or Forge. Take a look at the the "official" [tier list](http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/list-multiplayer-edh-generals-by-tier/), there are decklists at the end for the Tier 1 decks, a lot of them run Sensei's, none of them run either Citadel, Forge or Future Sight. Some of the lists that run Sensei's don't even run Isochron Scepter, like both Zur lists and the Kess list. Also, the combo of Sensei's + Isochron Scepter requires not only Dramatic Reversal but also a few mana rocks, at this point you have infinite mana, making the possibility of comboing with Sensei just upside, it really is there for value. Heck, I play Sensei in my Yisan list and there's litally no cards in the deck that can combo with it.
Lineman flag football as well, make it redzone only, first team to 3 TDs win.
He also got the athletic QB with a fucking cannon of an arm in the 1st round, but he ended up weighting 300lbs and sucking in general.
Worth noticing that they were 3 stillborns, still devastating but a different story then losing like 3 5yo children. Honestly I hope they consider stopping trying and maybe look into adopting, it looks like it's probably either genetic or his wife can't bear children.
I mean, and even Young retired due to concussions.
We had probably the best team in the world in 2006 and then sold most of the players.
Well, and I keep seeing all this hot takes about how we can't win if we can't run despite Jimmy being literally statistically the best QB in the NFL on 3rd downs, top 10 in rating and top 5 in TDs. People need their storylines to generate clicks, just don't give it much thought.
&gt; Chiefs defense also allowed less points than the 9ers during the season, but I don't think I'm supposed to say that in this sub. And we also scored more points than the Chiefs offense, the whole KC offense vc SF defense narrative is just dumb.
I wonder if gender makes a difference, female lizards are way taller than male lizards.
Geomancer is pretty good, since you're using the builds at fextralife I recommend the Tectonic Sage build, the Earth spells are some of the best spells in the game. Also, giving casters shields is probably the right move, double wand is only worth it if you have a very good wand that gives you +3 int and a relevant ability, because as a caster you shouldn't be using the wands for attacking anyway.
Worth noting that putting points in necro doesn't increase the damage of necro spells. You need points in Warfare.
While it won't give you any experience with the laborious part of DMing, like designing encounters, IMO if you want to get a better grasp of combat I think it can be useful, specially if you use the turn-based mod.
That's a weird definition of "modern crpg".
The rebirth of cRPGs is pretty much just a handful of games. I think you're pretty much limited to Pillars of Eternity, Pathfinder Kingmaker and Tyranny as far as modern cRPGs go if you're not interested in turn-based (and even then, turn-based would only add a few games). Both Pillars and Pathfinder are extremely good games well worth the investment, Tyranny is also good but a smaller game compared to the other two. I think between Pillars and Pathfinder it mostly comes down to what story you want to play, Pillars has a grittier world with a few steampunk elements, while Pathfinder is pretty much a classic fantasy RPG world (I mean, it is Pathfinder after all).
I have to admit that when I read Bronn my mind defaulted to Lebron there for a second.
You don't get to use a helmet with any stats though, Flesh Sacrifice is awesome but I don't know if in terms of minmaxing it's worth not using a helmet. Unless you're a playing a necromancer with elemental affinity, then it most likely is.
Piracy actualy doesn't hurt any of those industries. People who pirate your product were not going to buy it in the first place, it even generates additional sales from people becoming fans or in the case of industrial software by people becoming users and then purchasing it for industry usage.
At least you didn't fumble. I got converted from FB to DE (and eventually DT) because everytime I got a carry I refused to go down and dragged defenders for a lot of yards, eventually the defense would swarm me and starting punching at the ball and I'd fumble it haha. I remember this one time I striped the ball from the QB, jumped on the fumble, when I tried to get up another DL held me on the ground, he later said that he was scared I was going to fumble it...
Kelce is better than Kittle as a route runner, but it's not like Kittle is a bad route runner. Kittle however is basically an extra offensive lineman in the running game and his YAC potential is huge. I might be biased but I think Kittle really is in a class of his own, I don't mean this as a shot on Kelce, I just view Kelce more as a slot receiver than anything else.
I'd like to maybe see a bigger focus on out of combat usage of Pathfinder rules. As well as a reduction in thrash-mob encounters, the rest system in DnD and Pathfinder is really designed for a few meaningful combat encounters instead of the constant fighting against weak mobs. This just often leads to a lot of encounters where you're just autoattacking waiting for combat to be over so you don't waste skill uses or spell slots.
I know you didn't ask for advice but I feel like artifact/enchant/spell based ramp is a lot better for Xenagos and other beat face decks. Your deck is a board wipe magnet, it's nice not losing your ramp as well as your fatties. Plus having all your creatures be fatties make stuff like [[Oath of Druids]] and [[Selvala's Stampede]] just straight up dumb.
Yeah, if you're not already familiar with the tabletop Pathfinder system or at least Dungeon and Dragons 3.5e, you're going to need to do quite a bit of reading as the game is extremely mechanically deep and it's pretty easy to screw up your character. Pillars is a lot more forgiving, as the game is simpler and there is a respec system, I personally find the combat in Pillars more enjoyable despite being less deep, but I do enjoy theorycrafting Pathfinder builds a lot.
I think it's just he doesn't "sound black", which makes sense considering he was born and raised in the US Virgin Islands.
Well, yes, the other mana rocks then haha
I mean, that was also the intent of the 2nd amendment.
Good ol' Bobby Tables
Oh, I love Andy, I just, like, love the Niners more. If the Niners were not in it the Chiefs would be (and have been for the past couple years) my bandwagon team.
So what you're saying is the deck is good against the same stuff simic flash is good against, but sucks against simic flash?
Well yes that sounds cool. Making isometric rpgs out of RTS games is also pretty fun, there were a lot of cool co-op custom maps back in WC3 where you just leveled your hero.
I'm actualy looking forward to a bunch of cEDH decks pubstomping play for prize events. Not only I'll just sit there and say "I told you so" regarding their refusal to ackowledge the fact that at the end of the day cEDH decks are still EDH decks but it might push WotC to take matters in their own hands if it gets bad enough that people stop going to events because they don't want to get stomped by competitive players.
Proxies are your friends. Chinese proxies are already pretty much indistinguishable from the real thing.
Other users already gave you some insight on mapping which I aagree with. Just my two cents on GIS though, I really think that the "GIS practitioner" role is going to get quickly automated out of existance, as in, if your job is to just sit there, open ArcGis and make polygons I'd expect your job to be automated in the next 5 years. I might be a little bit biased due to my work (My flair), but I think there is, however, a lot of potential for both GIS developers and geostatisticians/geo data scientists. My advice would be to keep an eye out for geoscience related software companies, as there seems to be a big demand right now for people who can both code and have expertise within geoscience. Working with coding or data also has the advantage of giving you experience that is useful outside geoscience, as an example, my first job out of grad school was as a data scientist for a company totally not related to geology and then I moved over to a job at a StartUp O&amp;G service company.
Probably worth pointing out that I'm not american. Most of my work is developing prediction models for well logs or well cores from pre-salt carbonate offshore reservoirs in Brazil. I work mostly in research projects contracted by operators, currently working "for" Repsol and Equinor.
The hardest part was actualy passing the machine learning classes I took during my Masters. It didn't help that I was literally the only non-engineer in the class.
Ok, then the answer is clearly playing [[Abyssal Persecutor]] and [[Harmless Offering]] /s
The problem with partners is not due to their power level, but simply because it's too easy to play 4/5 color decks in EDH.
R can have many different sounds in Portuguese depending on accents and if it's at the start or in the middle of syllable or world. As an example, in Portugal the R almost always has the same sound it does in Spanish/Italian. In Brazil, if a word starts with R, like Ronaldo, then it has an English H sound. But if a syllable starts with r but is in the middle of a word (like in Mario), then it is the Italian R sound. If it's a double R in the middle of a word (Curral, which means corral), than it reverts to the H sound. If the R is in the middle of a syllable, like in crosta (crust), it's back to the Italian R sound. But then if the R is at the end of syllable (Porta, which means Door), then you get a bunch of different sounds depending on accents. In Rio it has the H sound, in the South it generally has the Italian R sound, but in rural areas you even get the English R sound, which is a hallmark of our "caipira" (redneck) accent. If a person is like, from deep into the countryside and poor, they may even use the English R sound for all Rs.
It still feels weird to me even though I'm a big fan and used to play. Back in 2009 (heck, even earlier, I remember watching games with my Dad in the late 90s, but I was a little kid) when I started playing it was "my thing", it's nice that it's popular now, but it weirds me out a bit when you see random people talking about it.
Yeah, I was about to mention that, I think it does a good job capturing how it goes with Bobbie coming up with and dismissing multiple firing solutions in her head.
Thing is, if we really wanted we could do self-driving cards today.
Yup, OpenAI needs to put limitations in their DOTA 2 AI (reaction time mostly) so it just doesn't mop the floor with pros (it still does).
&gt; Real freedom is paying more in taxes, so that I can go to the doctor, or go to the emergency room and know that I won't go bankrupt. You guys already spend more taxpayer money per capita on healthcare than any other country in the world except Norway, you don't need more taxes for healthcare. Healthcare is just ridiculously expensive in the US due to regulations and bureaucracy, there are countries with primarily private systems that work fine (Germany, Switzerland and Israel as examples). And while I vehemently disagree with the notion that forcibly taking more money from people equates freedom, I won't debate that. I'll just point that tax rates in America aren't all that different from most European countries, in fact America is not a particularly attractive place for companies in term of [taxes](https://taxfoundation.org/publications/international-tax-competitiveness-index/) when compared to other developed nations. But sure, fuck sky daddy and fuck the police, no arguments there.
They could, you know, have the team work on it before the announcement?
Except for most of it's life Fires was not a problem card, quite the opposite, it enabled an entire archetype without dominating win rate or meta share.
I really wanted a return to Theros being Ajani beating Heliod through the power of atheism.
I don't know why they stopped the blog posts, it's probably the most successful way they handled the lore so far. Probably because they couldn't find a way to monetize the posts and then moved to novels.
They even set it up, since the gods of Theros derive power from devotion, when Heliod kills Elspeth back in the original Theros block Ajani kinda roams the lands preaching about Heliod's betrayal trying to drive people away from worshipping him.
Honestly I'm kinda mad about this change, not only it affects aggro oriented companions like Lurrus and Obosh (or Lutri, can't even cast her from the side as an instant anymore) much more harshly than control finishers like Yorion, it also doesn't adress the fact that for a lot of decks there's is still no opportunity cost to running companions. They really should've just made you start with 6 cards in hand if you have a companion.
That's the problem with companions in general and IMO why I think the ruled change missed the problem. Honestly they should've just made you start the game with 6 cards in hand if you have a companion.
Um tempo atrás a UE comissionou um [estudo](https://cdn.netzpolitik.org/wp-upload/2017/09/displacement_study.pdf) sobre o impacto da pirataria em vendas. A [conclusão](https://gizmodo.com/the-eu-suppressed-a-300-page-study-that-found-piracy-do-1818629537) foi que na maior parte dos casos, não afeta e alguns casos até aumenta o número de vendas. Se você pirateia um produto você não ia comprar de qualquer jeito.
And the cost being redundant is what made companions playable in other formats, because they slotted into previously existing decks with minimal change.
I think Phasing is pretty much confirmed considering the dude who "leaked" the new Teferi was right about the companion rule change and the Fires ban.
Yeah, dude complaining about 4 mana Time Stretch when we already have 4 mana Omniscience + Ancestral Recall. [[Tamiyo, Field Researcher]]
Atheism was a joke, I explained in another comment how I was referencing the ending of the previous Theros block, where Ajani wanders around trying to convince people to stop worshipping Heliod due to his betrayal.
I agree and would never ride a motorcycle without a helmet. At the same time, if people want to be stupid, let them, they aren't harming anyone else other than themselves.
Mass Manipulation isn't an instant though, it doesn't benefit from reclamation. I used to run a bant reclamation deck for fun, had to use March of the Multitudes.
How was Veil fixing your hand?
&gt;People forget how much of a hard counter hard counters are (lol that sentence,) to a reclamation deck. No, they aren't, permission decks are Reclamation's best matchup. They have plenty of counter magic of their own and will absolutely go over the top of you. Specially now that they can dump their mana into uncounterable Sharks. Just look back to the Nexus days, Nexus would eat permission decks alive. Just cast Nexus EoT and now opponent is forced to tap out or let you play 2 turns.
Btw, you don't need to build a creatureless deck to abuse Lukka's -2, they just need to have the same CMC. Imagine you're playing Temur Lukka, you can still play Bonecrusher, Brazen Borrower and any other 3-drops and sac one of them for a Meteor Golem or an End-Raze Forerunners.
Honestly this is the most mind boggling thing about the US elections to me. Candidates not showing up in ballots for whatever reason is just corruption with extra steps.
How about don't change the title of the paper? It's has a title already.
If you add non bordering countries with a value of 0 I'm sure the results would jump up lol
And then they have more threats, and they also have counter magic of their own (and in the nexus days, they had veil of summer). Reclamation decks are very favored against permission based decks because their finishers are betters than yours and can easily generate more card advantage. Reclamation decks aren't some traditional midrange decks where you only have to answer a couple of threats, they are a control deck with a combo finish.
Eu tiraria o bonita do 2, beleza é subjetivo e não se sentir sexualmente atraido por uma etnia não te faz racista.
Alias o fato desse video não ser com o Franklin no GTA V me incomodou bem mais doque deveria.
I have a league going on since 2009 and it's pretty cyclic due to that, pretty much everyone is competent so most teams windows are only open for 2 or 3 years.
There's more than 2 sides, you could always vote for Jo. It may seem like wasting a vote, but once a party has 5% of the vote they have to show up in all ballots.
Jo Jorgensen
No Season's Past in the Tasigur lists? Wtf? /s Seriously though, I imagined [[High Market]] and [[Phyrexian Tower]] would be auto includes in that NeoHulk list.
I like Jo better than Gary, but Gary/Weld is a lot better than Jo/Cohen. Edit: Chill people, I'm not American, didn't know Weld endorsed Hillary in 2016.
Not American, I wasn't aware he did that. Yup, pretty eh...
As a Brazilian I can tell you that hearing people speak Portuguese in a lot of places was not expected.
I specifically said I like Jo better Gary, even though I think Gary is a pretty decent dude. I just meant that I liked the card with Weld as vp better because Spike is a joke, I just didn't know Weld had endorsed Hillary when I said it.
I can't talk about mining, I work in an O&amp;G service company, and pretty much all the finance guys are senior geologists/geophysicists who at some point started taking financial responsibilities, not all of them willingly.
Technically you get the Birds when you cast the spell. If you have something like [[Taigam, Ojutai Master]] that prevents your spells from getting countered, you get the spell and the birds.
I used to be a pretty big ratm fan, was one of the things that drove me towards leaning into anarchism, but it bothers me how they're huge hypocrites.
Subscribe
The data is both on the github repository and available on spaceman's Twitter.
What are you on about?
To be fair, my shitty models are more statistically robust than the bullshit analysis fantasy writers often post here, I just have enough self awareness to know that. They basically tells you that all info outside of draft position is basically useless, but I'm not here pretending that some score I arbitrarily made up having a 0.6 r² score against another shitty score I made up somehow proves a player is going to be a hit.
The data is widely unbalanced between hits and misses, there are a lot of misses. Due to that, I oversampled the hits using SVMSmote, the thing is, the code was giving me a hardtime with the split, so I oversampled before splitting the data into train and test. This introduces data leakage and means my Confusion Matrix is kinda of a cheat, and yes, it is too good to be real. I'm also a data scientist and initially just trained the model for shits and giggles with my league-mates, so I forced it to work really, but decided to post it here for whatever reason.
&gt; And those variables do have a predictive power, not 1 to 1 but people have come up with models that have shown correlation between the two so idk what your data really got at. Just not doing it right Well, you can torture the numbers to show whatever you want if you really want to.
Here's the [confusion matrix](https://i.imgur.com/ZzZGaPi.png) with oversampling applied only to the training dataset. The biggest problem is that the unbalanced test dataset means performance is highly volatile depending on the split. A solution would be to run K-Fold splits and gather average performance across multiple runs, but I'm not really sure how to use the average weights in SK-Learn, I mostly work with Keras in my job.
&gt; Took a quick glance at the repo. I realize it's arbitrary to an extent, but I believe you incorrectly did the tier breakdown. Oh, it is completely arbitrary. But what did you see?
Yeah, I didn't expect any crazy good results, but if you give it a shot there's a bunch of data I didn't use on the database.
&gt; I don't know about offshore, but those projects are generally super long term anyways. I wish, I work in a service company doing R&amp;D for offshore projects in Brazil, last couple of months have been a roller coaster.
Ironically Brees is at that point where you start wearing hats indoor because you're trying to hide your hairline. I've been there, trust me.
No, with the new onside rules we just aren't going to give teams the ball for the whole game.
While yes, vote for who though? I don't want to "bOtH sIdEs" this but neither Democrats nor Republicans are particularly interested in reducing police brutality, like, heck, the cities with the biggest race issues are all in firmly blue states. On the other hand you have someone like Jorgensen who actually wants to address the issues but people will never vote third party.
Some would agree with the bill, some would disagree. All of their spouses would suddenly become investors if it became law though.
Meanwhile I'm pissed my company changed my official job title from ML Geologist to Data Scientist.
I generally search for machine learning + domain (In my case, geoscience).
I mean, thats probably true in a lot of places, I live in Brazil and my city would be dark blue if it was big enough to show on the map.
Oil pump goes brrrr
Hey now, don't talk about Teferi like that. He can also let you cast board wipes mid combat or discard spells in the draw step lol
Tell your friend he's an idiot for investing in cardboard.
Add wilderness reclamation and song of creation for the ultimate do nothing but splashy enchantments deck.
Maybe a Temur Fires version using Fires and Vision to Free Cast a double [[Irencrag Feat]] and do same X cost shenanigans with your 20 mana on turn 6. Still probably bad.
A big part of it is also domain knowledge. It's why I see the "generalist" data scientist probably dying of in the future as data tools get easier to use, most STEM grads already have to take a few coding classes and their stats knowledge is probably better than most CS guys. If your company needs a guy to run analysis, some ETL, fit a few models and output results (and this covers a lot of companies need for data science), you're probably better off hiring the domain graduate who went into a bootcamp than a CS guy. If you need to set up infrastructure or pipelines or other MLE stuff, then you probably want the SWE/DBA with a bit of ML experience.
No, I'm sorry people don't simply fly anywhere. You have to first put a wild quasi-sentient animal into captivity and slavery and then bend its will untill it learns how to fly with you on their back. And somehow you can transfer the animals over the internet.
Garcia also wasn't a bad QB.
I can understand them moving to novels so they can profit from the stories, there are novels for most of the new blocks, they just suck.
Só lembra que tem mais de um método errado. Quando alguém chegar te oferecendo a solução pra todos os problemas da humanidade lembra de como você foi cego antes e que essa pessoa pode ser também. Só ver que na thread tem gente aproveitando pra te bombardear com links para câmaras de eco sociais democratas. E nem faço um julgamento sobre social democracia, só tenha em mente que você finalmente conseguiu sair de uma situação em que você regurgitava o pensamento politico que te foi colocado à força na sua criação, pensa bem se você quer isso denovo.
Ela tá falando nos EUA.
Ia falar isso. Essa frase ai é praticamente uma mistura de /r/technicallythetruth com /r/SelfAwarewolves
Get ready for the Rielle player playing this and drawing 8 cards per turn cycle by paying no mana whatsoever.
&gt; not aware of the ruling reason Creatures that phase out never leave the battlefield.
Add Rielle for the +1, Draw 4
You can see the new players by their surprise at the Flash. It's a reprint guys haha Jokes aside, it screws a lot of things in the meta, Lukka, Yorion, Oven Cat, Thassa, Winota and more.
[[Dockside Extortionist]]: Am I a joke to you?
Working? no. Protesting? sure.
Tá de sacanagem que você acha isso estatisticamente relevante.
&gt; 2UU: Target creature phases out. (probably way too powerful) Too powerful? That's unplayable.
The MTGO banlist only applied to 1v1 games and was miles better than the bullshit the RC pulls. Seriously, reading your comments I can't fathom how someone, especially someone who plays cEDH, thinks the RC is good for the game with their complete unwillingness to regulate the format and bans made on whims.
Another example is [[Grasp of Fate]], if a commander is exiled with Grasp of Fate and then moved back to the Command Zone, if Grasp is removed the commander goes back into play.
I envy you, I can't find joy in combat tricks and bears.
&gt;kerr is a good coach, but not an all time great coach. To be fair he's been coaching for, like, 5 years. He might end up there.
Maybe in the US unconventional reservoirs since the geologic setting is way simpler and kinda already solved. In places with carbonate conventional reservoirs like the north sea, middle east and south atlantic (Brazil/Angola) you absolutely need geologists.
Would you say this is due to a relatively low geologic complexity in US basins, specially in unconventional? I'm a recent graduate (finished MSc March last year, got a job at a service company in July) who works in Brazil, our reservoirs are mostly offshore pre-salt often intensively fractured reservoirs and most exploration/reservoir teams I've had contact with are mostly geologists and geophysicists.
I like to code, I like math and I like geostatistics, I'm weird like that. Though I'm kinda pissed my company changed my job title from ML Geo to Data Scientist.
I'm Portuguese but work in Brazil, I'd say pretty hard, specially the US. Canada and Australia are a bit easier, but your best bet would be getting a Masters there. But I don't think it's that hard to find a geo job in Europe, Brexit might affect things a bit since most O&amp;G jobs are there, but whenever I make searches on Indeed/LinkedIn I see a shit ton of openings, and that's considering I only search in English, if you search in German you'll probably find more spots.
Yeah, we're a service startup, so when I got there we just kinda made up our own titles. But as the company is growing they've been standardizing a lot of stuff. Technically Data Scientist gives me more versatility with working outside of geology, but ML Geo was such a cool title.
As a distant second to FPTP voting, sure.
Or, you know, [[Blade of Selves]].
&gt;Also fix the ban list. My I interest you in some [Conquest](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LOh-zWLvt2CLSsSIsBCEURVNmyKGyznINwvJsXZymy4/edit)?
&gt;Seems like a less well thought out format to me, honestly. It isn't. The format is the brain child of the cEDH community and is extremely more balanced than EDH ever was. Combo is viable, control is viable, aggro is viable, voltron is viable. 12 commander damage makes voltron a viable strategy. 30 life makes it so you actually can't just ignore attackers. And banning fast mana and tutors is a given, screw the power level when 80% of your deck are the same cards all the time. They just add nothing to the game and encourage linear play. There's a reason they're banned in legacy. Fetches and duals make playing 5C have no penalty, so them being out is also a positive, playing more colors should make your deck more inconsistent, not improve consistency like it does in EDH. 80 card decks come from 100 cards being too dilluted in the play tests and favoring colors with better card draw, and 60 card deck being made up entirely by staples with no room for deck variation. FC, Scepter and Consultation where just the stronger combos left and pushed out other strategies. I disagree a bit on the FC ban since the tutors where already banned. You're free to not want to play it, but the format is extremely thought out and from a balance standpoint is objectively better than commander.
I like running [[Elvish Archdruid]] because sometime I have to use the 2 slot to get an answer like Collector Ouphe or Phyrexian Revoker instead of Priest of Titania.
Yes, they loved it so much they tried to flee on makeshift boats. It's such a nice place to live that when athletes go out for the Olympics they have their secret service watching them 24/7 so they don't defect.
Actually probably even more capitalist than the US. Norway's government is way friendlier to business and corporations than the US (less regulations, corporate tax rates are pretty much the same, a lot less bureaucracy). But since Norway uses their tax revenue for welfare instead of bailouts, war on drugs and their military people say they're "sOcIaLiSt". Ironically enough the US is the 2nd country in the world in terms of tax dollars spent on healthcare per capita, just lagging behind Norway.
Yeah, that makes sense, I don't think there any current large scale projects going on in the Amazon basin right now, there's a few in the North East, but IIRC those are conventional siliciclastic reservoirs. But yeah, this explains the difference between demand for geos. I imagine North Sea and Arab Sea reservoirs should also probably work like what.
Yup, I meant US unconventional, had a typo there :)
Nerf? It already worked that way before the rule change. This rule change doesn't affect Grasp of Fate and other similar effects.
&gt; I used to be a warriors fan before they got KD I see, you're a masochist.
&gt; Nobody has watched them for weeks! /r/technicallythetruth
I mean, sure, but don't waste food anyway.
Has anybody (with power)? Like, I'm not defending orange man, but not even Obama did much when it comes to police brutality.
Do you stalk the profile of everyone who comments agreeing with you? Also, fine, have a good life bootlicker, please try not to murder anyone on the way home like your tankie idols.
He has always been good, just not healthy.
Mais um motivo pra ser inútil ficar gerando fake news
&gt; De forma semelhante, branco sempre teve uma conotação positiva, de pureza, de bênção, de coisas boas. Pq? Isso evidencia que a estrutura da linguagem possui uma herança racista Cara, ai você começou a viajar, na moral. O uso de termos como branco/claro/preto/escuro na linguagem fazem referência a luz/escuridão e predatam qualquer forma moderna de racismo.
The world was written at first as the backstory for an MMORPG, than the game got scrapped. Then Abraham used the setting for a tabletop RPG game (Franck was one of the players). Leviathan Wakes is more or less based on that RPG campaign. Edit: Just fixing some misconceptions I had. Franck was the one who came up with the world and ran it as an RPG, not Abraham. Franck ran an online play by forum game in the universe, the main crew (Holden, Alex, Naomi, Amos and Shed) comes from that game. Later Franck moved to New Mexico and ran the same game as a tabletop RPG for a few writers, Miller was Abraham's character in that game.
No, but it's still a very enjoyable game that has a few issues that were blown out of proportion by Reddit's circlejerk.
Which honestly a testament to how good the trilogy is, because even then Andromeda is still a decently good game.
She's probably more asexual than anything.
I disagree on the "as long as the Chiefs afford to pay everyone" take. Once the Chiefs have to pay Mahomes they will probably have to let guys like Watkins go, possibly even one of Kelce or Hill. At this point CEH will still be in his rookie contract and will probably see an increased target share.
While yes, the instant part is pretty big.
Yeah, just looked it up in Google Maps and thought it was neat, came to see if anyone else noticed it.
And the idiots saying that "it now represents xyz". Yeah, sure dude, but if the gadsden flag is racist because Jim Bob Racist decided to put it in his truck, then, guess what, the Nazis are socialists.
Ser chamado de Latino eu pessoalmente não gosto, porque culturalmente o Brasil não tem porra nenhuma de similaridade com o que vem no imaginário com o termo "latino" (Porto Rico, México, paises caribenhos, etc.). Pessoalmente eu nunca fui chamado de nada além de Branco no exterior, sou branco com cabelo escuro e olho escuro, filho de pai Português e minha mãe também é de familia Portuguesa. Se me chamarem de marrom um dia eu só vou ficar confuso.
Eu brinco as vezes falando que o alfabeto cirilico é muito melhor que o nosso. Durante a graduação eu fiz Russo I e II como eletivas, e achei bem legal o fato de que em geral não existe ambiguidade quanto ao som das letras. Por exemplo, o R paulista e o R carioca são duas letras diferentes em Russo. Alias meu maior pet peeve com o Português é o fato de que a letra 'S' é completamente supérflua. A letra 'C' (Cê) deveria ter sempre o som de 'Ç', extingue o duplo 'S' (ss) e a cedilha, use o 'Q' quando for o som de 'Quê', use Z no som de 'Zê'. Elimina 'ch' e use o 'X' A palavra casa deveria ser escrita 'qaza'. A palavra sacola deveria ser escrita 'caqola'. E salsicha deveria ser 'calcixa'. Obrigado por ouvir meu Ted Talk.
Obrigado.
México e Brasil vão ter semelhanças por serem paises com situaçôes economicas e geopoliticas similares e um background cultural ibérico. Mas eu digo em termos de ritos, culinária, consumo de cultura etc. A esfera que fala Espanhol da América Latina é completamente desligada do Brasil nesse aspecto. Música latina só faz sucesso aqui se for sucesso nos EUA primeiro, ninguém assiste filme Argentino etc.
&gt; we all burn to death. That's not what the heat death is. Quite the opposite really.
[[Blossoming Defense]] being legal at the time was also a factor, and mono green absolutely played Defense.
And, you know, your lands don't die.
Ban fetchlands you cowards.
The ironic part is that Soros most likely isn't even "left wing". He's a banker and investor and a harsh critic of communism, often likening it to nazism. He's a self-described Keynesian but he often praises classical liberal authors such as Friedich Hayek.
However, a meteorite that big would just level the entire city to dust.
That projectile looks like it weights way over 100kg though.
Melhor demitir todo mundo a pessoa que se vire pra dar um jeito de viver com 600 reais por mês né?
Tu realmente acha que 600 reais é suficiente pra sustentar uma familia por um mês?
If you're a human it's likely you're the descendant of a slave owner. Slavery was part of the history of all civilizations, even pre-Columbian people enslaved other tribes.
This so much, this sub often times just reads as people salty their jank brew isn't competitive. I'm primarily a spike, so I'll play whatever is good, but I pilot control decks a lot better than other decks, so I tend to play those decks, also due to that I try to play decks that don't need combat to win (Nexus, Temur Rec, Big Teferi, etc). I'm not trying to annoy people, I'm trying to win the highest percentage of games possible. I also find it curious that someone would say control players dislike playing Magic, since control decks rely on interaction and are "playing the game" a lot more than the solitaire jank combo decks and the "haha 2/2 for 2 goes brrr" decks.
Probably [CycleGANs and/or Pix2Pix](https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix).
Because it was mistranslated, it would be insanely powerful it you got the creature forever.
Even cEDH Kalamax decks run those. [[Smuggler's Copter]] and [[Earthcraft]] are also pretty good.
Fiery Gambit is also awesome in Zada/Ink-Treader decks.
I mean, at that point you're pretty much playing the mono red deck from the Kaladesh/Ixalan/Dominaria standard.
Yup, Soulgorger and [[Phyrexian Dreadnought]] as well.
[[Release to the Wind]] in [[Maelstrom Wanderer]]. It's absolutely garbage in pretty much any other deck.
Yup, if the intent of the card was to be racist it would be called Invoke Birthright or something along those lines.
To be fair he had a newborn at fucking 87 or something like that.
But your nephew is not your descendant anyway, direct descendant is redundant.
Your son's nephew is not necessarily your grandchild except in Alabama.
Indigenous killings aren't really that common anymore, our police makes the US police look like caring grandmas, but that's mostly in urban areas.
Eh... I generally oppose estate taxes because they're trivially easy to dodge and increasing them would increase the benefit to dodging the taxes. The richest people already have very little that's actually in their name.
Capital gains only apply to profits, if you buy a stock and then sell it for the same price you don't pay taxes on it. And yes, sales taxes are an abomination that affects poor people disproportionally.
I see them as a necessary evil. My problem is with tax policies that basically only manage to fuck poor and middle class people even more.
I mean, it does introduce a pretty significant deckbuilding cost.
[[Reality Scramble]] and [[Divergent Transformations]] have been things, it's not like red never had those effects before Lukka. Though I do concede those are commander cards.
Absolutely recommend Python. Most data science and/or machine learning packages require Python knowledge.
Poor people also pay estate taxes, the difference is that rich people can avoid it by having their property in their company's name. Estate taxes are basically only applied to you inheriting your parent's house and savings of maybe a few hundred thousand dollars since their savings are their personal property, Dick McMoneybags just takes over his dad's company that owns all of their millions.
This isn't relevant to the play/draw imbalance. In a best of 3 series one player is going to be on the play twice.
I mean, filtering BO1 and BO3 data is trivial.
Could maybe switch the tempo around. Player 2 gets an extra turn at the end of his Turn 3 or something, this effectively swaps the turn order after some point in the game.
I didn't say it didn't happen. Just that it's not common anymore, specially killings by the government.
Ninguém tem obrigação de torcer pra time nenhum broder. Se tu nasceu embaixo do Maracanã mas gosta de assistir a liga coreana seja feliz sendo torcedor do Seongnam FC.
Famoso caso do torcedor ufanista, jogador Brasileiro é sempre melhor. Cara falou e falou de como o Brasil perdeu pra França porque o Zidane dominou o meio de campo. Enquanto isso, no banco da Itália tinha meio campo que ia ser titular absoluto no Brasil (De Rossi). Tipo, sério qu o Brasil ia passar o carro num time que Barzagli, Nesta e De Rossi eram banco, se ganhasse ia ser aquele 1x0 chorado.
PCA, throw the first 3 components into XGBoost, don't even train/test split, make a scatter plot with your 3 components showing off your overfitted model with 99.9% accuracy, get praised by corporate, go out for a drink with your boss, get promoted, start looking for jobs, get out before they find out your model is worthless. Somewhere in the middle there you need to find some time to make a Medium post explaining linear regression.
Are you sure you're black though? I thought Biden said you're not black if you don't vote for him.
Você não sabe em que bairro ele mora.
O Switch eu entendo, mas qual a diferença de jogar no PC ou num PS4/Xbox cara? Eu tenho uma RX5770 e um PS4, só troco o canal do monitor qdo passo de um pro outro, até o controle eu uso o mesmo.
Because you can plot the 3 variables in a scatter plot.
Ah sim, eu tenho um ps4 tbm por causa de exclusivos, queria saber se vc via diferença em jogar o mesmo jogo no PC ou no console.
Yup, they don't, but people love their plots, of you can manage to make a pie chart even better.
Broder, se você é comerciante e não pode abrir sua loja tanto faz se a fonte de recessão é quarentena ou epidemia.
I mean, that's not really a dumb question, it's not far from what meta-learning is.
I think the obvious answer nobody mentioned is merging different data sources.
I mean, steam is water.
Do these people know that humans can get pregnant at 12?
Also because dude doesn't want to pay his med school loan.
Immigration to the US is basically impossible unless you transfer internally from a company or a company decides to sponsor your visa (and no company will sponsor you unless you're a complete unicorn that perfectly matches what they need). I'm actually a Portuguese citizen, I just grew up in Brazil, so I could immigrate at any time to Europe. It's just tough to find a position where companies would pick you over a local candidate and I don't have money to just move there without a job lined up since 1 Euro is worth close to 6 times our currency. But I'm constantly on the lookout for openings in the EU, doesn't help that I'm in a very niche field, so there aren't a whole lot of jobs, most of them are in academia (PhD programs) and would actually result in me earning less since I'm relatively well paid for Brazilian standards.
What happened to "I'm kinda tired and wanted to take the weekend to just relax a bit at home?". No need to invent bullshit stories.
I mean, technically you can use it on your own attackers to ramp. Kinda similar to how people sometimes used [[Path to Exile]] on their own creatures.
&gt; both fanbases can make pretty good arguments that they're right Hell no, Ryan is at least a couple levels above Flacco.
I mean, I agree with the point, but it's not like owners are cheap balling players, the whole point of salary caps was to prevent owners just throwing money at players to build powerhouses.
I do worry about the large percentage of gen z and millenials who follow the economics version of flat earth theory though.
Honestly I was disappointed when Eldraine Garruk wasn't an anti-planeswalker card.
Is the Discard was ETB maybe.
Tem que ser realista tbm, tua irmã sair pra passear com cachorros na rua não é um problema cara. Não tem uma núvem de doença flutuando pela cidade que assim que você pisa na calçada você tá contaminado. Se tua irmã sai de máscara com os cachorros e anda pela calçada sem entrar em ambientes fechados e evitando aglomerações tipo ponto de onibus etc e higieniza em especial mãos e rosto quando volta, a chance dela se contaminar é irrisória.
Probably unusual, I'm a Geologist, have worked with scientific programming applied to geosciences since undergrad. Currently I work in R&amp;D for a geophysics company doing ML projects for mining or oil companies.
For those positions having some experience with scientific programming and geomodeling is probably important, preferably Python for the programming part and some experience with any modelling software.
You're on the right track IMO. Python is the most used language, but if you know C, learning Python is pretty much automatic. If you want to cast as big a net as possible I would build up some database skills like SQL, specially applied to GIS (PostGis). Webdev with JS is also probably a good idea but honestly you could get away with knowing Djando/Flask in Python. I work with AI but I think it's a little more niche (and not in the US), honestly you should get a pretty good idea of marketable skills if you do to Linkedin/Indeed and search for "python geoscience" (or other languages) and browse the positions and what they want.
Unfortunately no. But Petrel is often used in both O&amp;G and Marine sciences, it's relatively simple to get yourself a, uh, alternative copy and get yourself familiar with it. For Space/Aerospace positions I have no idea what they use, but probably has a heavy dose of GIS, in which case ArcGis is the industry standard but QGIS is free (and open source) and pretty much just as good.
Combo aside, the dragon and the spider have some nice sinergy. Unless you're playing red you pretty much get tokens for free every time you play a creature or the spider takes damage by blocking. If you're playing red you might not want to take the risk of damaging your spider down to 1 toughness if they have open mana.
Cara, pra um thread que critica exatas tá faltando interpretação de texto pra caralho ai hein. O Mises ai tá justamente falando de como argumentar com um racista, o ponto dele é que não adianta você tentar combater a visão de que minorias são inferiores negando o fato de que a maior parte das descobertas científificas/culturais relevante pra vida do racista foram feitas por brancos, porque isso é verdade, só vai confirmar o preconceito do racista. Você tem que combater a ideia de que ser branco faz de alguém mais competente, ele fala isso literalmente nos dois paragrafos anteriores.
Exceto que ele não diz isso, o oposto na verdade. &gt;"A ciência não é capaz de explicar por que Newton e Mozart foram geniais ao passo que a maioria dos outros homens não o foram. &gt;Mas **o que não é aceitável é atribuir a genialidade à raça ou à ancestralidade**. A questão a ser respondida é por que uma pessoa difere de seus irmãos de sangue e dos outros membros de sua raça. &gt;Supor que as grandes realizações da raça branca se devem a alguma superioridade racial constitui um erro um pouco mais compreensível. De qualquer forma, não é nada mais do que uma hipótese vaga e em flagrante contradição com o fato de que **devemos a outras raças a própria origem da civilização**. Tampouco podemos saber se, no futuro, outras raças suplantarão a civilização ocidental. &gt;Entretanto, esta hipótese racial deve ser avaliada pelos seus próprios méritos. Não deve ser condenada de antemão só porque os racistas nela se baseiam para postular que existe um conflito irreconciliável entre os vários grupos raciais e que as raças superiores devem escravizar as inferiores. A lei de associação formulada por Ricardo -- que demonstra quais são as consequências da divisão do trabalho quando um indivíduo ou um grupo coopera com outro indivíduo ou grupo menos eficiente sob todos os aspectos -- há muito tempo já mostrou o equívoco representado por esta maneira de interpretar a desigualdade dos homens. Não faz sentido combater o racismo negando fatos óbvios. **É inútil negar que, até o momento, algumas raças muito pouco ou mesmo nada contribuíram para o progresso da civilização, podendo, neste sentido, ser chamadas de inferiores.**" Esses são os dois paragrafos que precedem a frase que o outro cara citou, que é a ultima parte em negrito ali. Toda a argumentação dele é pra ilustrar que a diferença em niveis de desenvolvimento não é baseada em etnicidade. Falar que a contribuição dos aborigines australianos para a ciência mundial é virtualmente nula não me parece algo particularmente polêmico, o argumento é justamente que isso não se deve a um fator étnico.
Pra ser justo, você ai da sua casa não tem como provar que o homem foi à Lua. Não é tipo terraplanismo que qualquer pessoa que já andou de avião e viu a curvatura da Terra ou viu um návio sumindo no horizonte consegue mostrar que tá errado.
A ironia é que esse cara que é continuamente escroto só mantém o emprego pelas proteções aos servidores públicos que se dependesse do Bonoro seriam cortadas ontem.
Também gosto bastante de Hayek, infelizmente o que mais tem nos circulos "liberais" é o bando de ancap incel que leu um resumo de dois paragrafos de Atlas Shrugged e acha que desbloqueou o conhecimento do mundo.
Técnicamente tem um filme mas a gente preferei fingir que ele não existe.
No way for Houston with how incompetent their front office is. Plus Deshaun is really overrated, don't get me wrong, he's good, but his stats are pretty much the same as Jimmy's with the luxury of having the best WR in the league. But yeah, the Chiefs will have a shot as long as they have Mahomes, despite their defense being mediocre. And the Ravens are probably the strongest team on paper right now, their main question is whether Lamar's performance is sustainable, he's a lot better than Kaep, but Roman's pistol offense took a huge dip once team's figured it out.
Cara, eu nem sou seguidor de Mises, eu só sei ler, você tá tentando colocar uma questão racial na fala dele aonde não existe com sua fala de civilização. Aí fui olhar o perfil e posta no chapotraphouse e Brasil do B. *pikachu surpreso* Vai lá no /r/genzedong que deve ter um pessoal que concorda.
No one played Brawl in paper because rotation doesn't make sense for a casual format. As a format in itself it's pretty fun, you can be both a spike and a timmy/johnny at the same time.
We mostly do projects for operators, so they need a model to classify rock facies on their cores? They send us the data and we develop the model and API. The company also has a data management software they sell and I work on introducing ML tools to it.
Chimera Squad é bem legal, pena que é bem curto também :(
On a semi-related note, does anyone know of an application of the Johnson et al. paper to image domains instead of using a single style image? This limitation was what drove me to CycleGAN for a project, but would be nice to see if someone managed it.
You're not outvaluing temur rec.
It amazes you that a 1UX X/X flyer with flash that draws you a card and can't be countered sees play?
[[Anafenza the Foremost]]? [[Daghatar the Adamant]]?
O valor do salário é o principal. Eu tenho 28 anos tbm, e tenho mais de 1 ano de salário guardado. Recém formado eu ganhava 4 mil, hoje eu ganho o triplo disso e meu custo de vida é quase o mesmo.
This video is in Brazil though. It's not allowed here but 100% not enforced.
Probably, rural Brazil is straight up farms for literal thousands of kilometres.
You got the right hemisphere based on the equator but not based on the Greenwich meridian.
Everyone wanting to be a data scientist while I'm here angry that my company changed my job title to Data Scientist. Former title was Machine Learning Geologist.
Also straight up gas in Yeva decks, giving this flash makes it pretty much counter magic.
As someone who isn't a native English speaker, I disagree, it is a stupid sentence. And pretty much all languages have complexities with the same word having different pronunciations of meanings.
Geologia.
Honestly the results I get from CycleGan look miles better than anything I managed to do with Gatys' optimization method and they're also a lot faster. Plus it also has the advantage of being able to capture style from multiple images, not only one.
Taylor lost the season due to post-surgery infections, not due to the fracture.
[Here](https://github.com/jralha/ct_color_gan/raw/master/example.png)'s an example of some results I got with CycleGAN. I've been using it to capture the style of photos of [core samples](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Core_sample) and then applying the style to a 3D tomography (the Black and White image is a slice of the tomography) of the same core sample.
Because infections can happen on any injury, Trent Taylor doesn't make Deebo more or less likely to lose time.
&gt;Daniel Craig’s southern accent was pretty fun in Knives Out, so you never know. May I interest you in some Logan Lucky?
You mind talking a bit about the immigration process? I've been thinking about moving to Australia for a while now.
Unless you're a vegan this is hypocritical as fuck.
Your "science" is wrong. I don't want to eat dogs as well but they're not anymore intelligent or emotional than a pig or a cow. It's entirely cultural.
Zuar Americano que gosta de futebol é massa até você se tocar que a média de público da MLS é maior que a do Brasileiro.
I'm going to say things that could be done at the time the games were made, otherwise it would just be applying Andromeda's combat and Frostbite to the older games. ME1 - Cut down on the Mako senseless running around. ME2 - Make it so a mixed Paragon/Renegade run isn't as punished. ME3 - Just make EGM, JAM and CEM canon. MEA - No open world (And let me control the companions).
Excuse me I'll firmly die on the hill that MEA is a pretty good game that got unfairly bashed by the Reddit circlejerk.
IIRC at ME3's time the Yahg were at a technology level similar to current day Earth, so 40 years wouldn't be enough to have them become a galactic empire.
Wes is one of those cases where I'm completely fine with the actor not matching the characters physical likeness, though I think they could at least shave his head haha Actually the only thing that bothers me in the casting is Bobbie not being tall as fuck, I love Frankie Adams and I know it isn't easy to find a 6'6" actress, but being bigger than everyone else is a big part of Bobbie's character.
I was just pointing that luck is a much bigger factor than most people admit. I built a ridiculous team, and the whole point of my rosterbating was pointing out how I got most of the players through moves that luckily panned out but could've just as easily not. I was not flexing "oh look at my team I'm so good", quite the opposite.
The Belters don't bother me, Naomi is supposed to be much bigger than Holden, but it isn't very relevant to the story. It bother me with Bobbie because her size is a big part of her character, but as I said, I understand that finding an actress that big is pretty much impossible.
Which is why when I first read the book I pictured Bobbie as Valerie Adams.
&gt; but ignore the correlation between guns and violent crimes. There isn't one.
I like how the really old field reports are basically just travel logs.
Foreigner here, what do people mean with field camp? I see it mentioned a lot as something people pay to do at other universities, kinda like a course. I always imagined field work would be part of getting the geo degree in the first place.
He allegedly sent creepy PMs to people, I mean, yeah, that's creep behavior and all, but can we stop with the "survivor" thing? This is just plain disrespectful to victims of actual sexual violence.
I believe in the women, I just don't think what they're accusing him of is actually that bad. I've seen the screenshots, he's a thirsty dude trying to get laid, he's being a creep in a lot of them but equating that to sexual harassment is IMO disrespectful to actual harassment victims.
To me the problem with odyssey is just that it's too big, both map wise and in terms of quests. The game constantly shoves sidequests in your face and walking through the same forests gets boring after a while.
That's my fear with Mass Effect. Specially after the internet (IMO unfairly) thrashed Andromeda. Space opera games are already rare, specially squad based games. Squad based action games are also pretty rare. Now you consider that Mass Effect's combat system is pretty much unique and I'm pretty sure that it's unlikely I'll ever get a game that fills that spot unless they give Andromeda another shot.
You assume I didn't already play KOTOR. Also I'll disagree with the a lot better, the game is very much dated with the clunky mmo-like combat.
A. Get a loan. B. Stay at an AirBNB untill you get that first salary. C. Ask the company for a signing bonus so you can fund your move.
I never said it's ok, I'm saying it isn't sexual harassment. He was propositioning girls by using his celebrity status as a way to increase his attractiveness in their eyes, this isn't harassment. I do think it's shitty of him, but I also realize it's kinda of a slippery slope where any instance of trying to propose sexual relations is seen as sexual harassment, specially because Cas' actions where not even overtly sexual (as in, it's not like he was sending unsolicited dick pics to the girls).
I said it isn't that bad because from the reactions in the thread people were acting like he had raped someone.
The problem with that for me is that I hate limited.
One that hurt was when a big operator flew me and a few people for our interviews in their recruitment day, spent the entire day pampering us, then said they had something around 20 open spots, they invited around 10 of us, the whole thing had a very "welcome to your new job" feeling, so much so that I stayed in contact with a few of the other recruits because we all just assumed we were going to be colleagues. No contact after that for 3 weeks and then they just go with the "very impressive but no", a few guys I met at the recruiting day had the same thing. At least they did send me a report with how they judged me in a bunch of different areas.
Maybe, it was more a company that used to start with Stat and end with oil.
Sentinel, the abilities and combos are IMO the best thing in Mass Effect and the Sentinel gets a lot of toys, IMO it's even more of a "space wizard" than the adept. A close 2nd would be Vanguard because it's the most unique class due to Charge. Per game: ME1 - Probably Adept because Sentinel is a bit support focused on the first game ME2 - Sentinel, all the combos. ME3 - Sentinel just makes Insanity trivial by negating 90% of the damage you take while giving you all of the combos. Like, really, make a Sentinel, get Fortification as a Bonus Power, you can't die.
&gt;Andromeda: all tech loadout with Sentinel profile I like having Charge/Energy Drain/Incinerate in MEA with the Sentinel profile. Having two powers that can both prime and detonate combos plus two powers that regen shields is just too good. Though I admit sometime I change to the Explorer profile because the Biotic Blink is awesome.
Eh... I paid full price at release, still enjoyed it a lot. Well worth the money for the hours I played it. It's not a perfect game, more like a 7.5/10, but these days it seems like if a game isn't a perfect 10 people thrash it to hell.
Just pointing out that Andromeda technically only takes place in one cluster, not the entire galaxy. We only see the Angara because the whole game takes place in the equivalent of a single point in ME3's galaxy map. I know that's a decision they made themselves though.
Basically all the female companions got "upgrades" in ME3, neither Ashley or Liara had such a big... heart, in the previous games.
Pretty much, basically all of the Sentinel powers are useful. Overload &gt; warp &gt; throw is basically your bread and butter, since warp can both detonate overload and prime targets for a biotoc explosion with thrown. Get Fortification as a bonus power, max both it and tech armor and pick the damage reduction upgrades and you'll reduce damage by 90%. Use passives, armor, weapons and/or companions that decrease your power cooldown and you can just steamroll through insanity. Liara is probably the best companion you can use she has both warp and singularity to set up combos and you can just sit back and spam throw to detonate combos. Javik, Kaidan and Edi are also good. Javik has slam and dark channel, Kaidan has reave and overload, Edi has overload and incinerate.
I'll keep disagreeing, 60 dollars is worth the number of hours I played the game. It has issues but most of those are blown out of proportion. And I live in a country where spending 60 dollars in a game is a lot more expensive to the average person's budget than it is for Americans.
Always use this mod: https://www.nexusmods.com/masseffect3/mods/362
Username checks out.
Is this Tali's Reddit account?
What if Cam ends up on no team? It's looking more likely than not.
Maybe fuck yourself Edit: I see people haven't watched [The Departed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JYJhWIwGUw)
Sigh... *unzips*
23h59 seu degenerado.
Isso ai se aplica a virtualmente todos os países do mundo adaptando a lingua.
&gt; Esses ratos de esgoto não tem lugar de fala numa democracia The irony.
Probably because the default femshep has it.
Chemistry by far unless you want to go to grad school for paleontology.
I'll add https://bluware.com/ to the list simply because my company is currently working with them. I'd add my own company but I don't think a random startup in Brazil is worth listing for a US crowd.
You put an r before their username, you were linking to a (non-existant) subreddit. To link to users you put a u before their name, /u/tashibum
14 weeks normally, some of the classes have higher credit hours than real class time due to field work on weekends (the field camps, as an example, were done before the semester, the 12 credits are just the total hours spread over 14 weeks). Most semesters we have classes from 8am to noon and then again from 2pm to 6pm, normally 4 days per week with either free Fridays or Mondays.
Geralmente sheeple é usado por conspiracionaistas pra se referir a população cega que não vê a verdade. Não é uma boa tradução pro nosso uso de gado não.
Gerrymandering não é exclusividade do partido republicano, o partido no poder sempre faz. Na Califórnia tem diversos exemplos de gerrymandering pelo pártido democráta.
This. Eu tenho até passaporte Europeu e continua não sendo simples imigrar pra Europa do nada.
&gt; Os lacradores não são maioria nem nos cursos de humanas, que é onde mais se destacam, além de praticamente não existirem nos cursos de exatas, é só mais um caso comum de minoria barulhenta. Cara, como alguém que fez graduação e mestrado na Unicamp e hoje trabalha dentro da UFRJ, em exatas, tem muito mais lacrador do que você imagina.
As leis não estão falhas. Tu espancar gay na rua já é crime, chama agressão.
Pra alguém que não tem nada, ok. Eu tenho um emprego bom no Brasil, sou geólogo, fiz mestrado na minha área, sair daqui pra ir trabalhar em restaurante ou em serviços não me parece um bom negócio. Eu quase sempre me candidato pra vagas da minha área por aí, mas não é tão simples.
I'll keeeep hooolding oon
That's a very low bar.
If only there was a way to import Sarah's jacket from MEA to ME3.
Eu tenho uma 5700xt, nunca tinha pensado em fazer isso, os elementos gráficos da interfáce do jogo não vão ficar pequenos demais?
Referência: Física na Unicamp. Quando eu fiz Física 3 a primeira vez reprovou mais de 90% do pessoal em umas 10 turmas diferentes.
Se o seu objetivo é ganhar bem um dia, com certeza. Se meu diploma tivesse escrito Anhaguera e não Unicamp eu não teria tido as mesmas oportunidades que eu tive e não tava ganhando o bom salário que eu ganho. Mas tbm pode ser ponto fora da curva pela Unicamp ser uma das melhores do Brasil, talvez nas federais mais "fuleiras" não faça tanta diferença.
I mean, there's also the fact that outside of his MVP season, Cam is just... not that good. Just look up his stats, he's been mediocre for most of his career.
Eu fiz Física 3 em 2014, se o IFGW deixou de ser retardado desde então e reprovar mais de 90% das turmas, ótimo.
"Tá muito bom, não vamos públicar o paper pra não copiarem a ideia" Trabalho com pesquisa em empresa, já ouvi literalmente isso algúmas vezes.
Porque reprovar quase a turma inteira é perfeitamente natural e não indica que tem um problema com o método que é dada a matéria não, magina.
Errado não tá, mas é frustrante.
