Somebody needs to stop Lionel Ritchie.
[...fades in as I read this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIGHCoVzqtk)
I’ve had this very thought on GAW; life would be easier for a strike if we could tanker escort half way, fueling the whole time, then dash for the boat, refuel, and launch to be the recovery tanker.
Right now, with it being summer and the kids doing outdoor things, probably 2-3 hours at best.
Thanks. I had signed up before I realized what I was doing. Hope I don't have to sacrifice too many kidneys.
I'll put this into perspective. I'm currently involved in a fistfight with my Windows Deployment Server. It's nothing major, but it's beginning to look like a rebuild is in my future. Luckily, I figured out a workaround that allows me to drop my images out to my sites without having to send them to the central location, which isn't working. In the meantime, I didn't realize I had been doing that for 5 hours, and only realized it was lunch time when people started talking about pickles. You get working on something, and you lose track of time. Hell, you even keep track of time, but decide that you'll do something else once you figure out this one last problem. That one last problem turns into a long string of them, and suddenly it's 3pm.
Do you have the DHCP policy set up to only push UEFI? We had to set ours to do three policies; x86 UEFI, x64 UEFI, and x86 and x64 BIOS. Make sure the BIOS policy is set up as well in DHCP. edit - https://gal.vin/2017/05/05/pxe-booting-for-uefi-bios/ This is the guide I referred to back when we set up UEFI boot for WDS. However, I did have to remove option 060 today due to...I have no idea. I blame Gozer. Today his chosen form was the DHCP server. Follow the directions, but keep an eye on 060.
I believe WDS, without any policies set in DHCP, defaults to pushing in legacy BIOS mode. We set all the options that the site said, just in case.
Nothing better than F-14 SEAD with the 20mm automatic sniper rifle and a pair of sidewinders.
Have you had any luck using the radar in pulse mode for terrain following/identification for radar bombing?
The Tripods trilogy, by John Christopher. Almost screams to be made into a movie now.
Ever since Cincinnati lost their pro football team, I'd bet that number would be higher than half the state
That's a mission kill, drinks back at the base boys
The most I've gotten were people standing nearby whatever I targeted. Luckily, those people tended to be holding MANPADS.
I don’t consider what they do to be anything but amateur hour.
You should play Arma 3. It’s pretty realistic; every so often you mess up a reload, and a tank falls out of the sky and crushes you. Immersive as hell.
*Gandhi likes this*
**PREGANTE**
Denial, anger, depression, bargaining, and finally ejection.
Holy shit it’s tHom Brenneman.
Yo!
Pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza.
Are you putting in the ground height of the target?
Yeah, every country has done something incredibly stupid at least once in their existence.
With ketchup
To the starboard, sir!
Germany; "Why say many words when one word will suffice?"
I mean, those things are going to be around for another 100 years.
Wait, he called out Steven Seagal as a wife beater? Damn, he goes up in my books now.
It's been a rough week on the roads. Someone dumbed dumitol into the water again.
The most I did was probably around 11,000 to full with externals. I proceeded to get shot down by an Su-25T.
Stupidity and hubris
CURSE THIS GRAVITY
Ahh, the Arma server where a guy hijacked command for an hour and damn near touched off a mutiny. I loved playing your Arma servers when I had the free time for two games. Some of my most fun moments involved missing the last ATGM shot for my squad, forcing everyone to scurry for cover like LSD-addled crabs while the pock-pock-pock machine mowed us down.
I'll back this up by saying that the super-serious face people who were on their Arma server were usually mocked. The standard experience was more like a daily version of our GAW missions that we have once in a great while. A fun experience, but requiring some semblance of real-world work and a modicum of time commitment.
Yeah, stereoscopic FLIR is not a thing.
This looks like me going to kill yes.
I'm not dumb enough to buy Project Cars twice. Sailaway is the one that interests me the most, and...I lack the time for it really.
Question, why were we always fighting lizards in that game?
Sailing in real time, I think with other people around the world. When you shut the game off, the boat keeps going as you left it. Real weather too. It sounds a lot like FSX/XP11/P3D for sailing.
So wait, I’m not the only one?
I mean, if they’re getting rid of Corey Perry, you could consider what they’re doing “de-tooling.”
We already have weird guys thanks.
Brody Cellinger then.
Uh, so, what does this do about Youppi!'s contract status?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDOI0cq6GZM
“What the fuck are you doing?”
It was at that moment that John D. Clark rendered gone the entire research wing.
The only thing that concerns me is; &gt;Yes. We are supporting 3rd Party Content Development and Community Content creation. We are aware of the concerns in the current eco-system and are working to address them. &gt;Yes. We genuinely want to work closely with the community in the development of this title. Hopefully it's unfortunate, but too many times I've seen companies claim to be invested in the community, only to have their statements turn out to be weasel words. I'm not more or less excited by these two, just...holding until I see it backed by action. Hopefully this won't be a case of a company deciding to use the "milk out customers for as much money as we can before they angrily dump us" business model way too many game publishers follow now.
3 million fresh troops, right at the end. Let's say that you and a dozen of your friends are fighting a dozen other guys, and had been since about 9am. It's 9pm now. Everyone's tired, beaten up, and just want to be done with it. Three of your friends arrive in a Cadillac and join the fray. We didn't win the war, but our reinforcements and fresh troops helped.
https://video.twimg.com/tweet_video/Dc4-F8eX4AAhJlh.mp4
Wenn ist das Nunstück git und Slotermeyer?
I don't need it, but you are awesome.
Haha, no kidding. We're coming from Cincy to see a Mud Hens game tomorrow as well. As an aside, my wife and I went to a Flying Tigers game on our honeymoon in 2010. Love the stadium, but the crowd seemed to mainly consist of the billet families.
"You claim to protect the country, but can't even protect yourself from Type II Diabetes."
New Testament Mom gets kind of angtsy and annoyed, but Old Testament Mom would throw a goddamned shoe.
So now I'll feel less dumb taking three bags in the Hornet
I mean, there's a chance that we're on an ~18 month cycle of modules from ED alone, so theoretically we're looking at early 2021.
I want to know what his conditioning is like. He's starting to make me think of someone else.
Looks like someone has their fee-fees hurt.
I feel like if I were rich enough to have the access and invincibility to do what Trump's done, I'd rather be Batman.
Here’s the down side of this tactic; I’ve had a few users who would take that trash can, empty it of trash, and throw all of their important papers inside out of sheer and absolute stubborness. I don’t even want to poke that dragon.
BRB building a Sauron web filter
I don’t know. Looking back through your post history, still makes me feel glad to not be you.
Ehh, didn’t take long, and this is a circular argument
Hahaha what
What's the GPU? Some people do well enough with older cards, and 16GB of RAM is good. The Tomcat is a great jet. It's fun to fly, and provides good feedback to the pilot. I fly fine with a T16000 stick and throttle system, having to use the flappy paddles since the stick twist rudder went out. Works fine for me, and rudder inputs are mostly second nature at this point. It's also probably the one of the most complete jets of the last 2-3 years. Still some improvements to be made and bumps to iron out, but worth the money as is.
I have a 470, it freaking flies for the most part. A 460 is probably okay, especially with that RAM and if you have an SSD.
I've gone down to loading only one weapon per pylon, unless things are out of control (usually not the case on GAW) Sidewinders and Jammer on outer pylons, then moving inward, TGP and WP rockets in case you need to mark targets, 2 mavericks of whatever you want (or one of each type of seaker, just in case), 2 clusters, and 2 guided bombs of LGB or JDAM variety, depending on preference and weapons availability. I usually leave the center pylon open for weight reasons. This is my general purpose "I have no mission in mind" loadout.
Haha ahhhhh, this is like when the rednecks down the road had to move, and no more revving their car engine at 7am on Saturday morning or assholes shouting at people driving by. Changed the neighborhood for the better.
"We must secure the existence of Reddit and a future for all sane Redditors." hopefully this is a step in the right direction for this place being less full of political bullshit emanating from over there.
I'm married, three kids, and I still worry about doing something that makes a woman feel uncomfortable.
Sup, this where people are throwing a hissy?
Why do you doubt them?
So you want to rely on your feelings to determine if someone is lying? I was under the impression that facts don't care about feelings.
How am I being cringey? I'm just asking questions.
I didn't threaten violence, so I'm happy.
If someone accuses another of something, it is up to the accuser to provide evidence.
Ours brought his GI Joes to school and played with them in class. Every one of these stories is immensely worse/funnier.
Like all those fucking people who bought trenchcoats and pretended they were Neo around the time of The Matrix.
You know a girl like that does anal.
Something like this is why I'm a big proponent of bathrooms for transgendered folks. I've wandered in on enough absolute bullshit going on in bathrooms, thus forcing me to turn right around and try to out-sprint the fucking ass-turtle. If we're going to make all the bathrooms unisex single occupancy, then no more bathroom hijinx from the criminally insane.
&gt; He wore a kilt to school (rumors say with no underwear) That's why you don't rent the kilt.
I almost want to see what was said, and who said it, so that I can ignore their opinions and openly mock them forever. edit - Oh yeah, that was a trolling attempt done poorly by what appears to be a 13 year old edgelord.
This definitely made my night.
Hope it's good, going to be a tough watch given that a good chunk of the cast represents TBD Devastator crew.
[I'm just going to leave this here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ASRlzeLg0U)
No, I just got back from Red Lobster
Nikolaj
3.6 roentgens worth of ADD
Thanks, u/hunglikejesus
I once spent an hour in a conference room, adjusting a projector for one person. They kept insisting that the screen was blurry. I kept adjusting it. Half an hour in, one of the other people in the room chimed in that it looked okay to them, at which point the other people agreed. The one person, however, continued to insist that it was blurry. After an hour and change, I finally got a "it's fine, whatever." Went about my business, went into the meeting the next morning and got reamed by my boss in front of everyone (another long story). Turns out the person complaining about the blurry projector sent my boss a nastygram after I left, saying that I just left and ignored the problem. The end user, who was only in their first month of employment, ended up being a massive diva. Luckily she was in someone else's area, and I had just been covering a bit. My boss would later flee to another part of the country, to terrorize small villages.
[Me](https://media.giphy.com/media/wViS9n0RqN2/giphy.gif)
You need to report that, for sure.
One of my favorite moments from GTA 3 or Vice City (I can't remember now) was when one of the people on the radio dropped the line "guns don't kill people, death kills people, it's a proven fact." I used to never not laugh at that line. And then a bunch of bozos started using that reasoning for various bullshit, and now it's not funny.
Should have played Brazil.
Going to borrow the insult that appears to be the default setting for the rest of you T_D minions and say "I bet that sounded funnier in your head, didn't it?"
One world series win while playing at Wrigley
Yeah, and the paint job isn't helping it either.
Do you know what's a great drink? Water, over ice. It'll cure all your ills.
The rescue goes well, until you're sliding along on one side in the Reliant Robin.
Crap I'm going to be a little under a year from retirement.
My kids would destroy that in a little under 3 minutes. Good call.
I was raised to not question authority, adults are always right, and my mom wouldn't apologize for anything (the closest I got was "well...you probably did something wrong anyways"). So it's a pretty conscious effort I go through. Hopefully my kids will be better than me.
I prefer realistic (or semi-realistic) liveries over completely fictional...but that's a dumb reason to downvote over. Downvote if it's crappy quality, or has a virus, or is obviously stolen.
NPR just did a piece on the Y2K bug, and why it didn’t happen. The gist was that a lot of people came together to resolve the problems. Therefore, much like our jobs today, the users were angry because nothing happened, so why did everyone freak out about nothing?
The thing is, The Netherlands could do The Haka before their Rugby games, and nobody would give a crap. New Zealand backs up The Haka with being a tough, consistent team.
If you're ever on GAW and we hold FARP Delta, you need to do the point defence CAP job. Two tanks and four Sidewinders, and you're deadly to anything MiG-21 and below. All while providing the closest CAP until the real CAP jets arrive.
There are simply not enough hours in the day, and that's the biggest bummer.
I need to see the video of her being the Finnish Leslie Knope and dealing with wackadoodles at city council.
Okay, I agree with almost everything here that you said. The ability to effectively multitask is key. Nothing I love more than knocking out a half dozen easy tasks while working on a long-duration, time-nononsuming difficult project. However, I still work while eating lunch; people are more likely to leave you alone if you're busy on a work related project, than if you're "just" eating lunch. It's a weird place to be, but that's unfortunately the world I live in.
People wonder why I love cooking, and this is the reason; getting all of the stuff at the same time-on-target, so it all comes together at the exact moment. My two major "hobbies" are cooking, and flight sims. Both have a serious need to be able to multitask and time things for everything to go off without a hitch. Both have taught me to be much better at managing my time and space.
&gt; don't know how to find their Outlook I wish to learn this power.
Jenny?
Operating system goes on the computer, computer goes on the network, updates go on the network. Update's in the network, our update. - Quint, WSUS Administrator
You know your life is a perilous journey when you see a common wifi card MAC and just know that A) it should have been tossed years ago, and B) whoever's using whatever it's connected to is having a bad time.
I wonder if they went easy on him because of his limited history of being suspended and that was so sarcastic I broke my own brain WHY DO YOU NOT SIMPLY SUSPEND THE MAN INTO OBLIVION, DOPS?!!?
I know you're sarcastic, but I read this whole thing in Joe Buck's voice and now I'm angry.
Looking back in history, I disagree that what we're seeing today is toxic masculinity. It's extremely insecure and overcompensating masculinity. Back in the old west, motherfuckers could shoot up a band of thieves in the daytime, than get pictured sitting on their friends' lap in the evening.
I'm seeing this more and more in the US, it's changing.
I actually do this a lot gaming. It seems like when someone leaves a game, too many people waste their time saying good bye for too long. I don't want to slow the game up for that, so I just DC.
This gets me. I'm not a single dad (thank god for my wife), but I'm raising my daughters to know that the world is theirs, not the feminine world or the masculine world.
The old boy who went last is the boss. Laid back, and not really up for a lot of footwork, but he's a fount of knowledge and wisdom. He also takes the ridiculous phone calls. The littlest brown dog is the newbie, but he's great with computers and getting information. He's the typical hacker. The two goldens go everywhere together. They do all the door work, because they're great with people. The cat is the master of disguise and sneaking. Him and the small brown dog work together often.
I even heard it in his voice.
I've always wondered how a dense BNC setup would be properly labeled, vs a dense RJ-45 connection. RJ-45, in almost every case I've seen, is arranged with a clear label location for each connection. BNC seems to up the density another step, and I can't wrap my head around how even a color number system would be easily readable. Do you have any examples?
You learn from the good and the bad; you learn what to do from the good, and what not to do from the bad.
Oh good, Phoenix at 40nm. This is making me antsy.
Oh wow, that's awesome. I want to port over the resistor color code method to my ethernet runs now.
Eunuchs
Oh yeah, my daughters and I love that place. Thought the meal looked familiar.
My house. I use bacon grease, sometimes throw a bit of crumbled bacon in, tons of sausage, and green onions. Also, a hearty amount of black pepper.
I thought it was 5 during CASE I, but he really blew that as well.
Here's your invite; 1 pound of sausage, crumble and brown Up to 1 pound of bacon (optional), cooked and crumbled 1/4 cup of bacon grease (from previously or from cooked bacon) 1/4 cup of flour Cook the bacon grease and flour together up to 10 minutes, until it turns a golden color. Once golden, pour in 2 cups of milk, then bring to a boil. Add cooked sausage and optional bacon, and add milk if you want to reduce gravy thickness. Cut up green onions and add as desired. Add as much black pepper as wanted. Add over biscuits, sausage, eggs, potatoes, ham, hash browns, anything. Mix it all together for fun. Long-winded personal story about recipe omitted.
In my faux Falklands scenarios, the Argentinians have the Harrier for a good reason.
"Bean is bake"
The best overall soundtrack for an 80's fighter jet movie.
I play enough Arma to know that this is an Arma specialty.
Put away that RPG Jamal before you kill all of us.
Ahh, my daily reminder to get into consulting.
Little Caesar’s Pizza?
Aha, I was just about to ask if anyone has tried this. Good middle ground to be honest.
This would be easier if you were a Meraki.
Working in a school is the best. A student and a teacher walk up to the desk. Student - "I forgot my laptop at home, can I have a loaner." Teacher - *Lectures student for 5 minutes on why they always need to have their laptop* Student walks away with loaner Teacher - "Can I have a laptop, I left mine at home" (done with no sense of irony)
Grown ups are kids who can legally drink.
I wonder if the people who infected them took the ransom, and then disappeared. It's always my first worry when ransom is discussed. Your reasoning might be more correct though. The article has a line mentioning cruises, I wonder who got those cruises.
Well crap. I thought I read 5, and have been doing that for a while. Then again, you know what, most people don't even do 1.
Closed, issue resolved by end user Good Work!
Is mountebank a profession?
The two I have are 1) My first two F-14 flights after I painted my dog’s name on the RIO spot of my jet in memorial. Got three and five kills, didn’t die, had two great landings, and just kicked all sorts of ass. Stubby is the best RIO. 2) The Great Eagle Flight. Pre-Tomcat, went up on a long flight out east to cover for attackers at Beslan. A good ingress, escorted a handful of strikers in, warded off enemy attacks...and whammo, got hit. I’m all the way out east, and for some reason we were still only at Maykop. DCS considered my bird dead, and I had almost no systems working. Cue amlong flight wesy using only dead reckoning and VFR in fading daylight. Landed it just as the sun set, just completely greased the landing.
Well, for one, it's a fairly snazzy font.
All in the same game.
PYR-A-MID! PYR-A-MID!
I mean, for a "reboot is not required but is also lying" scenario, is there any other best practice changes other than "angry call to the vendor"?
Endless Arma
I feel like putting butter on people is one step from me becoming Hannibal Lecter.
Mail-8-One
Really, one of your top questions needs to be "Here are a few tickets that have come in, and who/how many people they're affecting. Which one is the highest priority and why?" The answer should give you an insight into how your tickets will come to you prioritized. Hell, it will even give you insight into which people panic easily when presented with a difficult decision. (And I know there should be a best practices right answer where business impact should take precedence, but we've all been in a place where a VIP wants to be first in line over anything)
Man
Okay Cat's loaded up 4-2-2, tanks and a full belly o' fuel. Jester's in the back chirping about a bunch of shit coming our way, the folks up there don't have air cover, a couple of the boys are going for the Kuz. It's probably going to be a one way mission tonight. [So how are we going to do this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azc_FNZXaRw)
They would get mur-dered if they move up any further. It's another vote for flyable tankers.
That kid would be ugly, but it would beat the shit out of everything.
Yeah, this was a fucked up scenario. I honestly think this is on the aviation authority in Iran for not shutting down the airspace during those tense moments.
The Leafs flair on this makes it even funnier.
Expansion bays at work
Except it's a well trained and behaved pitbull with good owners, so it's just sitting there smiling and enjoying the day out.
Get the free A-4E and fly that around for a while
I love watching how everyone else in the video goes from "gotta help with this fight" to "not my clowns, not my circus."
The more I watch this, the more I'm pretty sure Neal said the worst thing he could do to Lindholm would be to let Lindholm get involved.
As the Wings know, don't underestimate the team healing power of beating the physical shit out of an annoying opponent.
This issue about X is unrelated to X, moving it to the correct section. The new section is Azure.
That dog comes with its own aran sweater, it was almost born into that job.
Could be that people mentally took the first full week back from Christmas/New Years off, and now are back into the swing of things being full time jerkfaces.
Looking at the goalie, I don't think he actually heard the whistle until late anyways. Besides, this isn't egregious enough an act. [Unlike some of these](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyLDocXJhRM)
Just saved me from a bizarre mess the other day, another vote for Hirens.
Oh god I work in a school this is bad.
Montreal would probably have played the Reds or Astros, so that would have been close. Then they were up against the Braves most likely. After that, maybe the Yankees or White Sox. I don't see them winning the World Series, but a few teams were having good years that year. It would have been a tough road no matter what.
I'm pretty sure we could throw Farmer into the bullpen and just have him be our Will Ferrell who plays all positions.
The options were either hire the inept-ass company from Men at Work to dump a body, or we dump a body on the Dodgers and actually get something for it.
At the time, I would have said Adam Duvall for Preston Tucker. We traded two copies of each other, and then traded Tucker back to the Braves for money. It was weird. Except now we have Lucas Sims from that, so we'll see if that actually pans out.
Ahh, I see you have the machine that goes ping!
I feel like the Devils should seriously consider finally hiring Mickey Mouse.
I could never wrap my head around the mentality some people go into beer league with. There was a question in a hockey subreddit about if you would rather lose 2-1 or win 8-1. The correct answer is win, except my experience with beer league changes the equation; I'd rather lose 2-1 to a good, competitive, clean team, than have to play a team that we beat 8-1, but have to literally fight the whole game. I hope this is where the NHL is going, that players are tired of the gray-area bullshit that DOPs isn't ever going to weigh in on. Sure, I don't see that a suspensionable hit, but it's also the kind of hit that's going to get someone hurt.
Sorry about your GM, Devils fans.
I was a level or two below (depending on who we played that weekend), but the same years roughly. I was 6'1", 200-220, and I was specifically sent out by one coach to take a kid out of the game. He must have never paid attention to my play, because I could not wrap my head around hitting to not get the puck. I mean, the entire point of the sport is simply to put the puck in the net, thereby incrementing the team goals scored by one. I'm glad the attitude is changing.
[Buffalo Buffalo buffalo Wings.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo)
I think we all got what we needed out of that trade, me specifically getting cheap tickets and a free shirt for sitting in the Puig section. edit - No, wait, the Reds won this simply on the strength of the memes.
As someone who is neutral on both teams, I actually think McDavid could bongo Tkachuk. God that would be a dumb-ugly fight.
That was the slowest charge I have ever seen.
RemindMe! 60 years
At the very least, it's either the Most Interesting Man in the World, or a younger relative.
This is why I feel like the ownership had to have known about this. The simple costs of running an operation like this, the logistics, could not have been missed by the team ownership.
Oh boy is this GREAT!
&gt; it doesn’t feel like many lessons are going to be learned from this NHL 2020
I'm already making plans. It's just that Sebastians gets all the praise it does, when I know of at least two places (listed in my edits) that was massively better than them.
I just heard a Wilhelm Scream, did anyone else just hear a Wilhelm Scream?
We are all Gritty on this blessed day.
The Wings historically wore red to avoid being tainted by the failure of the others teams in the city that primarily wore blue.
The fact that they didn't throw all caution to the wind and go with "Rough Riders" again still bugs me.
The cannon is traditionally representative of Torts being a loose cannon.
At this point, do we know what the spinning corpse of Gordie Howe thinks about this?
As they say, let's do that hockey!
It's like you're not even paying attention to DOPs.
This is now my headcanon
&gt; but we won't hear anything else about it after this game because the NHL cares about player safety. This is the way.
5) [Me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A)
Someone take that bat away from Gardner
Haha oh no Edit - Petition to include this on GAW for me to fly
This post was brought to you by the Tomcat gang
I have the opposite problem. It has to be a comfort level. I love the Harrier, and trust it completely, while the Hornet...
But he's a Devils fan
Has there ever been a case of a team firing a coach, and then the players revolting? Usually it happens the other direction.
Should have been a penalty for dumb hockey, but not a suspension.
An Yzerman Win a Stanley Cup Win an Olympic Gold Medal Win a new knee for your troubles
Are...those working Ladibugs?
I've said that I would pre-order, early access buy a Heatblur BD-5J I will definitely still fly BD-5J freeware mod.
Oh my god I want to buy those but my IT dept head would kill me if I did
Who is the most cursed team in baseball and why is it the Mets?
This problem could be solved by having an English-speaking hockey team in the city, and I in no way foresee any unfortunate consequences of that happening.
Ahh, the Scotty Bowman years were a fun time to be a Wings fan.
"You know what would be smart? I'm'a go to the next game in Montreal."
"This guy scores 10 a season" "How's his defense?" "Terrible." "Okay, he stays in the A." vs. "This guy scores 40 a season, minimum" "SAY NO MORE" edit - I mean, the only people who quibble with a 40 goal+ a year guy not playing defense are ex-coaches and ex-GMs.
In the words of 98 Degrees, Buy Buy Buy
Why the fuck did I just hear this in my head GET IT OUT OF MY HEAD
r/baseball and r/hockey need to get together and go drinking. Also, we’d get The Phanatic and Gritty to fight for betting reasons
I still think you guys have handled this better than Mets fans. Where I see a bunch of people just baffled by how the Mets have so much bad luck, I see Mets fans lashing out. Most of us just want the Mets to get some holy workers on retainer.
My only wish is that this scene had a kid ignoring everything and studying furiously. Votto.
I mean, this is one of the more wholesome things I’ve read in this thread. Your mom, expecting to be out of childbearing years, goes in and finds out she’s dying. That must have been a rough few months of her life, getting her affairs in order and preparing the family for her eventual death. The sadness and grief that must have overwhelmed your parents and (if you have them) siblings, only to have that release and complete reversal as the doctor revealed that eets naht a tumah.
I’m married, but I suddenly want to create an airplane facts tinder account
Did Gritty steal your sense of humor?
Gritty is the Carmen Sandiego of our times
Really though, I asked earlier, has a team ever revolted on a new coach? Most teams revolt, old coach goes away, new coach is welcomed. This seems like it’s going in reverse.
The truth is, I don’t understand how you build a team that can’t beat you with any of their four lines. On one hand, maybe that’s a consequence of being spoiled by the great Detroit teams growing up. However, on a personal note, that’s how my high school coach ran his team. The truth of the matter was that the guy was a genius at putting lines together. Our first line could score nearly at will. Second line went could score and play defense. Third line went out and just stuck themselves to the nearest forward (and consequently drew a buttload of penalties). We ended up going 7 games without giving up a goal at one point one year. Individually, maybe one of those guys could carry the team. Together, matched with the right people, we just had monster forward lines. Made us defensemen a lot better just by making our lives easier.
Dogs and cats living together!
Wait, La Russa? Oh ho ho ho, I wonder if this goes anywhere else.
A woman from Stockholm, Sweden, attempted to smuggle 75 live snakes onto an airplane by placing them in her bra. She also had six lizards under her shorts.
I was there a few months ago. I'm sorry to hear it. You'll always have the great memories of him.
Hahahahahaha oh god no.
So, the same as 500 hours in Arma getting me into the Special Forces as a nope.
We had a pug. The people who had her decided shortly after having a kid, that they no longer could care for a dog. So naturally, my 3 months pregnant wife and I took her. The pug finally got her kid. She didn't leave our oldest's side for the first year. Almost every picture of our girl that first year had the pug in it. Unfortunately, when we got the pug, she was badly overweight. The diet we put her on immediately was probably, in retrospect, too late. It wasn't long after we got her that she began showing signs of diabetes. She passed away a few years back, and my oldest daughter still misses her.
The real war was the people we killed along the way.
I could most certainly go for a nap.
Ah, I see you have the machine that goes me too.
The one biggest problem I've seen is that the good people just get shit on. The bad administrator refuses to back up the good teachers. The bad teacher picks on the good students because they have that power. The bad students come in and actively ruin learning for all of their classmates, because they want to. The bad parents refuse to keep their bad kid in line. All the while, the good administrators stick their neck out and get shit on by Karen parents. Good teachers try their hardest, and get shit on by every bad actor out there. The good kids try to stand up to the bad teachers, administrators, or other kids, and just get in trouble of their own. I've seen a shitty administrator just dismiss a continuously bad kid's actions, and then turn around and threaten a good kid with everything until the good kid breaks down crying. The terrible people in education are too gutless to do anything about it, so they take it out on the kids, teachers, and administrators who actually care. It pisses me off so much. As much as the boomers bitch about the way this country is going, it's that generation that started us along the path of raising a significant portion of the succeeding generations as sociopaths.
It was rock and roll, wasn't it?
&gt; Some interesting anagrams of his name: &gt; &gt; Vermin Size Kills Big in Florida
I'm just happy to see people with wing tanks.
I'd let my dog out before I closed the door. Plot twist: he's not vicious or angry, but he keeps trying to steal my pulled pork and I need my payback somehow.
Four tens
Harrier has entered chat
Some of us probably just ordered one.
Porkchop sandwiches?!
So *that's* why Godzilla was so angry.
Yep, until I started...just not doing the work people dumped on me. "Well, I would have done it, but all the work that is actually mine still needed to get done." If someone asks me to help them do a job, I'll help them. If I show up to help them, and either they help for 5 minutes and then take off, or they just don't show, I'm out.
I would go so far as to say no other players who have ever played the game could have ever put up the points if they had been put into Gretzky's career (years and teams played for).
Haha, I had a manager tell me that they had considered outsourcing us a few years prior (gulp), but that it would have cost them more. I took that as another bit of motivation to get out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Umc9ezAyJv0
Well, I work in IT, so I have to connect my RJ-45s somehow.
I'm not a true atheist (it's an entire long story, but I'm not into organized religion). That said, my opinion is that any higher power that cared about my hockey team's wins and losses, had way too much time on its hands, and probably needed to focus its attention better.
*Shitposters hate him*
Florida man scares off homeowner
I guess I didn't want to sleep tonight.
&gt;Revenge is a dish served best ~~cold~~ through the chain of command
I was waiting on the guy flying in on a parachute to kick some ass.
"We just need another Ron Hextall." Whoa, hold up. Ron Hextall wasn't even Ron Hextall, at least not what they remembered. Sure he scored goals and fought everyone that came within 10 feet of his windmilling arms, but he would go through long spells of giving up goals that would have caused my mild-mannered high school coach to change goalies, and we only had one goalie one season. Alas, Clarke kept looking for another Ron Hextall, and he kept coming up just short.
Same boat here. I mean, at this point, I kind of want to ditch Edgeium on general principles.
*Wilhelm Scream*
&gt; Illitch wasn't going into his grave until he exhausted every last possible path to a ring. I bet our playoff drought will exceed a decade because of that. Man, everyone was screaming for years too that we'd have to start the rebuild soon no matter what, and then we lost Datsyuk and Zetterberg retired, and... wait, oh crap I'm on the baseball subreddit.
They were less dire, but there apparently was concern about maintaining the playoff streak. [Except the last few years, this is how making the playoffs felt like.](https://media0.giphy.com/media/eqLowZa79LwOI/giphy.gif?cid=790b7611848f91e24f6be1ae228815ae6acebb034fe99bf1&amp;rid=giphy.gif)
Way back in the early days of the clown, nothing like watching the janitor and the clown join forces in beating the everliving honk out of a syndicate.
This has been a common problem for forever, unfortunately. The best part is that a lot of these guys who are assholes on the ice, are assholes at their kids' games as well.
Sigh....have you ever considered, and this is just a crazy thought, people don't want to actually have to group policy all of the things? That we just want some stability in our environment, and having to smash down the latest Microsoft-introduced issue with another GPO is one of those things that should not have to happen.
"Hacker from Russia will murder the company if you enable macros" Just change a few of those words, and you get the alternate option.
I like this, but as much as I mock overuse of the cloud...this feels like one of those cases where a reasonably quick move over to Azure would actually make sense. Allows to standardize everything, remove variable hardware at locations, etc. Intune supports MDM, but it's not what I'd consider a great thing. It is, however, another reason I'd consider Azure as an option.
I can't even put into words how awful the local hockey scene has become. When I played in the 90's, it was barren. It is 10 times worse now. A lot of reasons could go into it; hockey costs increasing faster than inflation, the general decline in youth sports participation, and competition from other rising sports (lacrosse primarily). However, there are also three other less clear issues; the closure and demolition of the gardens took out two ice sheets. There were plans to replace them...but that obviously never materialized. Second, I'm of the opinion that having two pro hockey teams in this city had a major effect of actually reducing interest in the sport. Both teams had their die-hards, but eventually the casual fan, with too much choice, just stopped caring. Third, and most insidious, was the fact that the youth hockey organization(s) have done a piss poor job of promoting the sport. CAHA had been around for ages, but eventually, a rival org sprung up. Both sides were more interested in competing to survive, that in my opinion, the entire idea of supporting kids in hockey became secondary. Both orgs eventually merged again, but it's a shell of what even CAHA was. Now, the best hockey orgs in the area are in Oxford and in Northern Kentucky (NKY was a backwater in the 90's). So, the truth is that the kids don't care about hockey anymore, thus the parents aren't interested. Despite that, the Clones are doing great compared to the rest of the league (their attendance is pretty good). What I do want to see them do is step back into contributing to youth hockey. That would make them as big as they were in the 90's.
This is going to be a hot take, but Hamilton is really starting to turn it around the past year or two. I'm really happy to see the city starting to look really nice.
Northland is an old-school rink, just a sheet of ice and some seating. They do put the "old" in old-school, thought. Sports Plus hasn't changed much since it was built. It seems like everyone who owns it is perpetually going broke. Indian Hill, from what I know, is just for the rich people who can afford a membership. So yes, I agree with you. This city needs a good rink.
This right here is where I start to lose my temper. After however many years of watching gaming sites advertise for a AAA title, and then give it an unrealisticaly high score, I thought "man, someone is finally organizing to call these folks out on their BS." And then they made their focus attacking women in gaming. I've never seen something go so stupidly off the rails. I still get angry at these assholes for what they've done.
u/DaaaamnRight 2020
"Business plan" "Warthog needs braces" "Business plan" "Warthog needs braces"
Well, now I want to start a Players' League.
...Jack in the Box is down the street.
Okay, this is going to be multi-faceted; As for simulator, FSX is pretty much a dead platform at this point, unfortunately. There are still releases for it, but the writing was on the wall when Prepar3D version 4 released with 64-bit support. Granted, I bought the VRS Superbug for FSX only, so I'm kind of locked to that platform. Prepar3D v4 is pretty cool. I have that as well, and really only the Aerosoft F-14. I would buy P3D (if you buy right now) simply because it's the most advanced adaptation of the engine. However, in the nearish future, FS2020 is going to be the thing to get. If you want to fly the F-14, I would just buy it in DCS. The Aerosoft F-14 isn't bad, but it's really only good for learning systems. Actual flying is nowhere near like the DCS Tomcat. If you want an F-4. Milviz has an amazing F-4 Phantom. Everything I've seen about it is quality. Both variants are $80 each, but everyone I've ever talked to about it says that it's completely worth it if you're a Phantom fan. You can buy TacPack from VRS to go with the Phantom, but be warned that every release of theirs for a new platform means you have to re-buy their software. My opinion; if you're a huge Phantom person, buy P3Dv4 and the Milviz Phantom (either variant, or both if you're rich). I'd skip the Tacpack because it seems like the Milviz Phantom simulates enough of weapon usage without needing to actually drop the bombs.
&gt; Unfortunately, whose time had been wasted, exactly, was still not entirely clear to him Jesus, I have one of these a day.
&gt; WIN + . — Enter emojies into any chat window ​ (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ edit - Other than that, thank you. Also, the book I get the most out of is the USA Hockey Coaching Manual from when I went through their coaching clinics, especially the Level 1 book. Key lesson learned in that class; it's not about you. I've kept that with me ever since.
I have had exactly one standard power cord go bad in my ~18 years doing this. It led to over a day trying to troubleshoot a computer that wouldn't boot and had a ton of stuff on it the user needed. The other tech and I had put into place a plan to swap out cables for every computer we swapped, as most of the power cables at the time were the dingy gray cables. So I took the cable with the computer... I felt dumb, but it happens so absolutely infrequently that it doesn't make any sense when it does occur.
What the hell. Edit - Also, having been on the receiving end of it as well, I love a good "coworker trying to get you fired" story.
Is the airport you're at on your side, opposing side, or neutral? If it's not your side that owns it, you don't get any ground services.
My dog died a few months back. When the doctor walked out of the room after he gave him the shot, I just started crying.
Look, I work in a school, these kids have probably heard worse from their teachers. I used to crack down on kids cussing by my desk (trying to set a good example, etc). For my trouble, I kind of earned the reputation as the goody-good who was too prudish to allow kids to curse. Meanwhile, I'd leave and have an adult league hockey game that night... (my rule was primarily so they didn't get in trouble).
If it's any comfort, you did them a great service, and anyone who follows you in the job is going to owe it to you that the network has a solid base.
I feel like the smarter Rays fans are listening to the game on a portable radio on the beach.
Would I take this shot and would I make this shot are two completely opposite answers.
How about just never leave your house
Okay, totally random, but that's Jon Favreau as the clown.
When I was doing phone support, I had a user who was "good with computers" spend over an hour on a simple connectivity issue call. Every time I asked for the user to go to the start menu, they'd jump to the illogical conclusion and reboot the computer. Even the time I told them to not reboot the computer, but just go to the start menu. I couldn't even get them to the cmd prompt. So I sent the ticket on to level 2 stating all that happened in the call, and that a field tech was required. Unfortunately, I got the "I'm too smart for my job" asshole on level 2 who was assigned the ticket, and who only tended to read the last line or two of the work notes. He missed my multiple paragraphs of "user can not follow instructions over the phone", and sent me back the ticket. Called over my boss, told him to listen in, and he put a stop to me trying anything else after 15 minutes. Field tech got the assignment, and I never heard what the end result was. I still use it as a scenario to show newer techs that there are occasions where you will need to physically do the work, because some peoples' autopilot is that broken. Also, I now am instantly wary of anyone who claims to be "tech savvy."
If you're ever up in the tri-county area, El Monarca is freaking amazing.
I was actually getting serious Kids in the Hall vibes. Satan wants to get a book out of the library This is the librarian that helps. edit - Bruce is the librarian, Mark is Satan, and any one of the other three could be an impatient patrons.
For Yzerman, he went from being a simply HOF level player to being simply The Captain.
Really, probably all of the above.
This was my solution as well.
I search specifically for Spiceworks results sometimes, and that usually gives 3-4 great starting points, none of which are hidden behind a paywall.
Option 3: download our software which fixes exactly that issue (it doesn't)
Spiceworks is also usually really good.
Hahahaha there is no god.
I hate my life I hate my life I hate my life I hate my life...
Listening to the Sabres feed is like listening to a couple old guys at the bar commenting on the game on the tiny old school tube TV in the corner.
I wonder if anyone's ever used a tombstone to kill someone, because that would be some serious problem solving skills.
PRAISE LORD PIGEON
I think they forgot to add a few extra struts.
New. Downtown. Arena.
And our network topology
I don't see a lot of [Mooterus](http://nhluniforms.com/Stars/Stars05.html), so this may be some Stonks logic unfortunately.
Yeah, I understand that for sure. Still, I've come around on The Cloud in 3 years, and if I can do that, anyone can adopt any OS.
Yeah, I've been doing shit like this since Goldenye.
Have you been practicing social distancing?
Why would they disrespect the American flag by replacing it with something of a lower stature?
Yes, I have. edit - Should mention that I'm cheating a bit, since I've been at least trying to for the last few decades, until having an actual good reason to now.
Oh hey, making up stuff again? Got any more numbers that you just want to make up?
What crimes have you committed?
What were you doing to cause the issue?
Sad... You still continue to insult people when made to look bad. https://www.reddit.com/r/Ohio/comments/g95yqm/427_governors_reopening_plan_address_watch_party/fot5bpv/
[This has been a problem elsewhere](https://thehill.com/homenews/state-watch/500414-minnesota-officials-believe-white-supremacists-attending-demonstrations)
&gt; This happened at 8:50 when people are still legally aloud to express there 1st amendment right. You're allowed to express your 1st amendment rights any time.
That's what I was wondering about. Thank you.
That was 10 *years* ago? That felt like it was a century ago. I hope it holds off for another decade.
Giant turtle, with four elephants
They could be people who still believe in the constitution.
If you're a guy, and you yell out loud that you fucked the bride's dad. That would probably cause an issue.
Damn, he got Homer Simpson'd.
*F-14 pees pure testosterone*
&gt;Ruckle tries to pick up a SSG.’s niece for a date Knowingly or unknowingly? This is important. Nah, both would have funny reasons. I choose this one.
"Haha, dumbass"
People helping each other. I kind of figured that this is the reason for coming to Hoggit.
Could they not simply arrest people who are committing crimes?
Yeah, really. Maybe not make statements that could bite you in the butt. Edit - unless he's expecting split schedule in-person schooling, which still seems to be a possibility.
Fog of war map option and visual recon being combined to allow a recon jet to "reveal" targets on the map would be freaking amazing. Added bonus if targets don't show as dead on the map unless another recon pass/visual confirmation is made
Going to guess it's one released by the FAA after the fact.
Probably great for Pre SA-10 systems.
I need better eyes, I read "grief" as "grif"
Oh god, he's Mobutu.
The people who do this are communists, so I've been told.
Gossamer is now the henchman we all have to deal with.
Is it weird that almost every one of these seems to have Joey Votto and another Red, but it never seems to be the same Red twice?
He works hard all day to pay for those tickets, let the bear sleep.
The A2G radar is good-ish enough to iron bomb by, but you're doing a bunch of work the last 30 seconds of the run, especially if you can't lock the right target area. Doing that in an A-6 must have been an experience.
Yep, which is why the SLAM is awful for anything SA-10 or later (unless the site is out of missiles).
I stood up a Windows XP machine to play it and a couple other games. If you can do it, and keep it off the internet, it's your best bet.
I'll add that, if you want to hit anything SA-10 or later, take a couple friends in Tomcats along to launch TALDs and drain the site first.
"Laying down on the job?" *Hero's theme plays*
Even the Tor and Tunguska will shred missiles going slow enough. The only sure bet for each is a point blank missile to the face.
Here come the Judge
I'm starting to suspect a bunch of coyotes posing as people post on Reddit.
It's not bad, and I think they've renovated since we went. The downside is that Portsmouth is kind of a depressing town.
Try the A-4E mod.
Why would Goku do this?
Oh god it even has Goku. But not Cosby Sweater.
Do you have any evidence of this?
I mean, if that's what they want to do, then they should have fun with it.
I watched someone try to DEAD a SAM site, hitting the same launcher with 4 JSOWs. Granted, given the game, the launcher was still standing after that.
Working the math backwards to get the same question.
In the beginning, there was SS13 and Badmins. Nobody knows who came first.
I prefer my headcanon, which says that was the launcher that killed them the previous sortie.
Why do you only care about this? Do you not care about the plight of the people imprisoned by the Chinese Communist Party?
How so?
I'm not going to blame anyone for slegehammering an SA-15
How does it divide us?
My question is, given his personal attacks, lack of civility, and questionable character, how is he not banned from this subreddit yet? I see a ton of people who can have a good conversation on subjects, and yet this person continues to be a stain on the sub.
Iron Eagle had a better soundtrack.
*Rambo music plays over itself repeatedly*
If you know what you're doing, you can bomb fairly decently with it.
The radar will slew the TGP to your marked target, though. Once you get really good at knowing what you're looking at, can use the following flow to get great target SA 1) Waypoint over the target zone 2) Radar target the general target area 3) TGP on the actual target
&gt; Setting up solars, be right back And that's how we all got cancer.
What are you personally doing to prevent the spread of Covid-19?
What are you personally doing to prevent the spread of Covid-19?
What is your opinion on the BLM movement?
What are you personally doing to prevent the spread of Covid-19?
They brought their frickin toys
Chaos.
I always wanted to edit the diseases on that game to stuff like "The Clap." Jonny has died of Herpes.
[But here's the problem](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/the-may-jobs-report-misclassification-error-explained)
Can confirm, you should probably cut us off at this point.
Add thousands of other people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C47GV5xFkTg&amp;t=161s
Yeah, that was me too up until 5 1/2 years ago. I loved being the only tech for three months, covering two peoples' jobs, only to get yelled at in front of the new guy on their first day and embarrassed, simply to prove a point.
I had a hockey coach who used L1/L2/L3 for positioning flows and defensive/offensive coverages, so I thought r/hockey
Looks like I picked a good day to have to be at work late.
[ED on patch day](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/ba/Stephen_Stucker.jpg)
Joe Maddon is Dark Souls of baseball scorekeeping.
That is a *weird* loadout. I wouldn't want to be anywhere near a 21 carrying all of that.
Was your wingman an AI? Because that's AI-style behavior (The more I think about it, that's a pretty nice ad-hoc TARPS loadout, but your wingman should be fighting off enemy fighters, but your wingman's an AI, so...)
Aww, who will you lob personal attacks at now?
I was having an awful, no good, very bad week. It was capped off by a meeting that morning where my boss lit into me for everything she could think of, regardless of whether it was warranted or not. I was walking down a hallway, when I passed a hallway. Down the hallway was an aid (this is a school) with a special needs kid. I didn't hear the first part of the conversation, but I heard the punchline. "You have xenophobia? Does that mean you're afraid of Zens?" The delivery, absurdity, and perfect timing of the joke completely turned my week around. I didn't see my boss the rest of the week, I got all my stuff done in record time, didn't have any Karen-esque complaints from the teachers, got ahead of the game on some issues. Just fixed my week in seconds. I told him about that on my last day at the place. Made his week as well.
Prior restraint!
Laobi does it in one minute.
The worst baseball player could get 3000 hits, given enough at-bats.
The next time someone asks "what hath god wrought", the question becomes "who really is God right this moment?"
Stupid Monkey's Paw...
r/iamverybadass
It has to be that game. Everything matches up on the boxscore with what's on the scoreboard. Good eye.
Excuse me, what the fuck.
https://youtu.be/XycBLF6kWuY?t=83
Reminder to all that both of these guys were once on the same team, fighting at the same time.
Biker attempted sucker punch It was ineffective
I hope you end up in Greenland.
Why would black people be pulled over for speeding more than white people? Is there something else that might be a reason for this?
SECONDS FROM DISASTER
Ahh, the ol' "Gang for tax reasons."
Huh, I wonder what the reward is &gt; You will gain a friend I *need* to get that ball.
Is...that a house on the Doofenshmirtz building?
Not at all. Someone with a real gun had a lot better luck.
You seem like a crisis actor. How are we to believe that you're not a crisis actor?
Holy shit.
We're not talking about left wing rioters, we're talking about what happened in Bethel. Please try to follow along.
We're not even talking about George Floyd here. It's about what happened in Bethel. Maybe you should sit the next couple of plays out.
You were at the protests?
How does one driving that simply not die?
I'm starting to think your kid isn't autistic, but the rest of us are. Seriously though, your kid sounds like more awesome than most of the people out there.
"You're right, plane, I do need some antacids."
We're discussing the Bethel incident here.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nike_missile_sites?scrlybrkr=2ff0965f#Ohio https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Nike Some pretty interesting stuff. I don't know if the site you're talking about is open to the public. These were primarily anti-bomber defense weapons, and were made obsolete once the Soviets ICBM capability became enough to cause their own bombers to become obsolete as first strike weapons.
&gt;Other Simulators Haha, and thus my prayers have been answered.
No, let me help.
Dude, solving problems man.
A long time ago, got temped for the following; Robusted one assistant. Shoved into a locker and welded inside. Robusted a second, again with the locker. Did again on an AFK doctor. Robusted a fourth, I think it was an engineer, again with the locker. Had three lockers with people screaming in them to be let out, and a fourth with a random doctor. BWOINK &gt;Would you mind telling me what you're doing and why you're doing it when you're not traitor* *paraphrased It was only for a day or so, because it was apparently funny.
"Art's got a gun."
I helped coach a team a while back, and devised a drill to help the goalies get more comfortable with traffic, and directing their defense to handle traffic. It can be mitigated to an extent.
I saw someone the other day, when confronted with a red light, simply put on their flashers and roll on through. Not a shred of care. That was still not able to break the top-5 I'd seen all day. It has gotten worse, I completely agree.
To be fair, I did want to tell one of the goalies to go play in traffic, so there's that.
Cincinnati?
2020.
&gt; made the informed decision to have nothing to do with that shit Ahh, this is the place where I live.
All three chaotics should be assistants.
Once, flying on Vatsim, I had the Wilco A320 lose both of its engines at the exact same time. Fuel was configured correctly, I'd never had that happen before or after, and I flew the crap out of the jet. Configured for glide, and managed to get both engines restarted with no problem. Still did the whole emergency landing thing.
Even better, I think this episode aired right before the album released.
http://achewood.com/index.php?date=07312006 (Mildly NSFW for cartoony things)
&gt;Juden aren't white [From a post earlier](https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalCompassMemes/comments/hcff04/authright_looking_mighty_appealing_lately/fveunco/)
In the era of for-profit prisons, this shouldn't be allowed.
*Vikings arrive on arrival shuttle* **Bready bread, bread bread bread**
Some people don't want to spend money on a HOTAS system, instead choosing to use something they have on hand. Some people also can't rationalize getting a [cheap HOTAS](https://www.amazon.com/Thrustmaster-T-Flight-Hotas-Flight-Stick-PC/dp/B001CXYMFS/ref=sr_1_7?dchild=1&amp;keywords=HOTAS&amp;qid=1592691134&amp;rnid=2941120011&amp;s=videogames&amp;sr=1-7) that could be used for a small handful of games, wherein a [fairly decent controller](https://www.amazon.com/Controller-Joystick-Gamepad-Dual-Vibration-Compatible/dp/B07ZYZP1WW/ref=sr_1_3?dchild=1&amp;keywords=pc+gamepad&amp;qid=1592691123&amp;sr=8-3) is both cheaper, and can be used for more games. There's nothing wrong with how people want to play DCS. Also, in light of your continued posts on this topic, I'd like to suggest making more mature posts in the future.
I bought HOTAS then Headtracker, and I agree. A good HOTAS is one thing, but I feel like TrackHat fixed all the difficulties I had flying.
They peed on *your* rug?
What are you looking to accomplish by making comments like this?
Okay. It's obvious that your comments are divisive to some people. Why do you continue to make comments that appear to be divisive?
You know, I agreed at one point, but I'm also having a hell of a time coming up with an alternative to it. My only concern is what can be used that's left over from the strike.
I honestly have no argument against this.
Could be worse, could be all clowns instead of assistants.
People have been re-engineering dud dumb bombs forever. I doubt there's anything of use, but if there is, someone will find it.
Ad hominem
:e BOLT THE DOORS
I once knew a company that "pirated" a piece of software for the saddest of reasons; they purchased the software, and the DRM completely bonked out. Nothing they could do could get it to work. The vendor refused to take ownership of the issue, despite numerous attempts at troubleshooting (using good computer configuration across multiple OSes) failing. So they reverse engineered it, eliminated the DRM, and made it work. It was the DRM completely breaking it.
The best way to filter this is to view the number of reviews to personnel ratio. If the company employs 10,000 people, and has 10 ugly reviews, it's probably not terrible. If it employs 50 people, and has 60 really bad reviews, chances are you should pass.
I worked at a place where a couple long-term (for the place, past probationary period at least) employees were let go simply because the department head didn't like them personally.
Where did the person you replied to call you racist?
I'm just imagining a 1980's British version of Catch-22 Calls up to a random RAF unit "Have you ever heard of RAF Downwater?" "Heard of it? I photographed it yesterday." "You did what? Where is it?" "Between Puddington and Wilshire-on-Spunt." *Frantically searches on a map* "Where on this planet might that be?" *Chuckling* "A bit south of Bristol, about a minute ten by air by my timings." *Frantically searching a map again* "That's...is that actually a place?" "Why yes, it's an official RAF base, with a staff of one. I even took a picture of her waving a few months ago. It's in the recent RAF News." *Looks through RAF News* *Picture of life-size cutout of Samantha Fox waving*
I think it's a good design. But. A team named this is going to be called "The Squidwards." Opposing fans singing the Spongebob theme when the team comes on the ice. Clarinet goal horn. Fifty-fifty drawing vendors wearing Mr. Krabs costumes. The ice girls all dressed as Sandy. Patrick mascot hanging out behind the Seattle bench mocking the coach. Life's rich pageant.
Very strong is an understatement. Anything not configured for specifically dealing with these are going to have a bad time.
For an SA-10 site covered by batteries of SA-15 and SA-19? Prayer. Strong drink. Avoiding it. You could go in at low level, terrain mask, HARMs from as close in as possible. Multiple aircraft also helps. JDAMs and JSOWs to clean up. Modern Russian SAMs are no joke.
Were you guys going to go kidnap Dorothy?
I would love a more robust EW system in the game. I think that the basics could be implemented from what we know via theory, and it would still be a ton of fun/help.
I'm for guns, but if guns were banned completely, logic would indicate that a store selling them would not exist, thus this story would never have happened. However, this did happen, so hopefully they recover the guns.
I think we had at least a couple three hour + rounds on goon waaaay back in the day.
God I'm glad I'm not the only one.
Sorry to bump this on you, but did you release this?
1) Glue block of wood to throttle base, stopping throttle at about 50% 2) Block of wood spontaneously combusts.
I've noticed that there are two kinds of employers; those who pretend like they care about their employees, and those that have ceased to care about that. Flee the ones that don't care. At least the ones pretending to are making an effort, and know that they need to keep business stability going.
Can you say this out loud? 1) There are no guns 2) Would there be a store selling guns?
That wasn't what I said. Why are you modifying what I said?
You modified my quote. That's intellectually dishonest at best, and malicious at worst.
We're not talking about drugs, though, we're talking about guns. Try to follow along and not create strawmen. Edit - and also try not to modify what people say when you quote them.
"Wanna turn the music back on..."
I did the first Meraki training course, and at the end, the final lab is break fix. The trainer runs a script that does a bunch of things to your network. &gt;!One of them is to add a firewall rule. My first thought on seeing that was "Haha, someone caught on that they were going to be let go and did this." Yeah, this caused absolute mayhem on my network. Only due to the fact that I already know enough Meraki to injure myself, I stumbled upon it fairly quickly.!&lt;
https://youtu.be/Ezvkx3IeRaY?t=759 Alternately; haha DCS go brrrrrrrrr
It would definitely make SAM sites insanely more deadly. If the current SAMs are sub-Jester level, imagine a human controlling them.
Exactly why I've grown to love the AG radar in the Hornet. Instead of fumbling around with the TGP looking for targets, now I just lock the target area, and it takes me less than ten seconds to find my target.
The pollen is really, really bad this year. Typed out between sneezes.
Because everything has been bad this year. I've noticed the pollen especially, but it wouldn't surprise me if fungus spores are more evident than normal.
Everyone in that town has a Dave story, it seems. I went to college just down the road. I was talking to one of the guys I worked with there, not knowing he was from the town, and the subject of Dave Chapelle came up. Everyone has met him at least once, he's really friendly, but there's a reason he lives in that town; nobody really treats him like he's one of the greatest comics alive. He's just another guy in town, really nice and funny.
I'll use Fujarah, since that was my target last night. I'll point the nose at my waypoint, and see the bright return that's the city. I know the airport is in a divot in there, and at about 40 miles, I see the indent in the city. I put the target mark on it, and the FLIR slaves itself to the target. Now I have a wide view of the airport, and can search for targets for the next few minutes.
&gt;cheap &gt;PKM Hahahaha I don't even want to...
I've done it before for bombing with snakeyes at 300 feet. It's not easy, the workload is a two person job if you're doing it under fire, but it can be done.
You know, I've come around on the history angle. We need a Benedict Arnold Street.
My favorite tactic is when someone drops the fact that, since only X out of a total population of Y has died, the fatality rate is so much lower than reported and this is a giant hoax. "Do the entirety of Y have Covid?" Reply - "THE FATALITY RATE IS MUCH LOWER" Okay.
Or, better yet, Holt managed to get them the best fertility doctor in the city on their case (an old friend/owed a favor) just so they get pregnant on the right day.
This is the one Hitchcock and Scully win, and the kid's name ends up being Kelly
Double Mamba turboprop engine from a Fairey Gannet
WhY cAn'T yOu Be MoRe ReSpOnSiBlE???!!!
I see a schooner.
Oh man, looks like you got busted by Reddit deleting bad faith posters. Sucks that it's happening, but I understand that this place needs to have standards. I'm glad I [saved a copy of it](https://i.imgur.com/iHAlsDv.jpg).
When the FAA Call Me Number becomes sentient.
See, I always catch the clips of the awesome space battles, but when I play I'm either getting killed by some random malfeasance, or crashing my space fighter when trying to land and just messing everything up.
I don't think you understand the depth of my inabilities.
Change it to Leif. So the Leifs can win the Stanley Cup.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Daughters_of_the_Confederacy
I want the city of Columbus, Ohio to change the city's name to Leif. So the Leifs can win the cup.
My job handled the initial response pretty well, but it's looking like they're starting to follow my state's "do whatever you want" strategy. Hopefully they remain flexible, but with cases skyrocketing near me, it remains to be seen.
When I did racing sims, this was fairly common.
At the very basic; imagine that your enemies can no longer communicate, so the EWR that picks you up can't tell the air base to launch interceptors. Or imagine that missiles using command guidance suddenly can't phone home, and go dumb (the basis for one of our ways of jamming SA-2s in Vietnam). Or even imagine that interceptors heading for the strike package you're protecting suddenly see 80 different targets on their scopes, overwhelming their radar systems and situational awareness. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_warfare?scrlybrkr=c1e4c091 I don't have a great grasp of the technical side of things, but on the tactical, a really good EW environment renders enemy defenses almost moot. Let's say you're attacking an SA-10 site, with protecting batteries of SA-15 and SA-19s, and under the SA-10 umbrella are mobile SA-11 sites that can pop up. The package is 4 strike jets, 4 escorts, 2 SEAD jets, and a dedicated EW jet with a 2 ship escort of its own. The EW bird is going to focus on the SA-10, which will be the deadliest and most visible foe. It's probably going to work with the SEAD jets to pick up and reflexively jam the pop-up SA-11 sites as well. When they bring their radars up, the EW jets jams, the SEAD jets do menacing things, and one way or another, the SA-11 sites go silent. The strike package arrives over the target, the EW bird pounds away at the local defenses by overwhelming, confusing, or harassing any radar-directed systems. Meanwhile, the EW systems are also jamming away at comms systems, preventing coordination of defenses, including the introduction of fighters into the mix in a timely fashion. The downside is that, once EW goes active, the enemy knows something's out there. If all goes well, they don't know any of the Ws (who, what, where, when, why), but they know the general idea that something's going on, and they can always pick up on a couple of the Ws through sheer dumb luck.
Jungle Jim's does this too, but not sure about right now with Covid
Depends on what you're talking about. Onboard ECM on an A-4E? Yeah, probably not. Prowler or Growler? SA-10 is going to have a bad time.
From reading your replies to people commenting in this thread, what were you looking to accomplish?
