My sister has been kicked by a horse several times. It is indeed NO FUCKING JOKE. It can crack ribs, potentially puncture internal organs, etc. Horses are wild animals. Their kick is a defense mechanism to protect them from shit like wolves, bears, etc etc. So imagine how much force you need to get one of them to fuck off, and now imagine that much force hitting you in the ribs. It's like being hit with a baseball bat.
We had a cardboard tube sitting against the counter from christmas. My uncle was sitting at the table minding his own business, just watching something on his phone or reading something or whatever, and I was making coffee behind him and I just saw the tube and the perfect open shot... I didn't take it. But I was stifling my *insane* laughter at the idea of just picking up that cardboard tube and beaning him over the head with it. I don't know why it's so fucking funny to me to imagine his utter shock and surprise as it *THWACK*s off his head. And if he had noticed me slowly losing my composure behind him I would not have been able to explain what was so incredibly hilarious.
'Gay' is one of the 'bad words' that get you instantly banned from chat. The problem with the list of insta-ban words and phrases is a lot worse than just one mod's neuroses. I like this one saying coined by someone a long time ago: 'Censorship is like saying that a man cannot have a steak because a baby cannot chew it'. 'Bad words' should just get starred out. Nobody should be auto-banned for saying anything. Not even the dreaded f-word or n-word. Hell, I'd write them in long-form but this subreddit employs an overly-sensitive automod that just immediately removes any post with terms deemed 'offensive' just like warframe chat. There are situations where every single word in the English language can be used respectfully, in context, and without offending any person with a reasonable amount of sense in their head. If they don't want to see the 'awful bad words' then they *shouldn't turn off the fucking chat filter*. This applies to both regular users and the overly-sensitive chat mods. Auto-moderation of the chat channels should only happen for extenuating circumstances, like spamming, and platinum-selling. Nobody cares if you tackle spamming or platinum-selling in warframe chats. But when I can't say 'My friend is gay' or 'man have you had a [golden gaytime](https://media.apnarm.net.au/media/images/2018/10/25/imagev1c745bb8ecfb784c4f4073a42ca2cb74a-py7ls9iwd4v64byd6r2_ct677x380.jpg)? They're fucking great' and the 'fuck' gets filtered for people without the chat filter turned off, and the 'gay' part of that sentence gets me instantly banned, then all sense in the chat filter is *fucking gone*. Fuck examining if each and every single word in the English language can be used offensively or not. You don't GET to decide that a word is NEVER okay to use. Fuck that. F-word? That's a pile of sticks! N-word? Black people use that *all the bloody time*. So what, they're not allowed to talk amongst themselves now? Dreaded 'gay' word? Good fucking lord why not just ban the word 'Jew' and erase the Jewish people from warframe as well seeing as people use the term 'Jew' offensively. C-word? I'm Australian. I call my cat that word. I call my best friend that word every single day. So fuck deciding context for each and every word. Remove the chat filter and let the mods decide on a case-by-case basis if it was offensive or not. *That's why they have the fucking job*. That is literally what you signed up to do. If you don't want to moderate the community, *don't*. Leave. You don't get to throw your hands in the air and say 'ah fuck it this is too much work let's just ban all words that might be maybe even the tiniest amount offensive to a small minority of snowflakes' and then pat yourself on the back for 'keeping the community clean'. God why is this so fucking hard for people to understand. Why does this even need to be written out?
Yeah but that's still bullshit. Their slot machine was 'pay x platinum and get a random pet'. Whereas now you have breeders, like I was trying to be (Sold about 2K platinum worth of kubrows and probably spent 3000 platinum or more on shit) where one roll of the slot comprises of: Getting enough credits to make a power core (100K) rushing it (10 platinum) paying for a dog egg (10 platinum, might have to resort to this sometimes if egg drops are sparse and DEFINITELY before they let you carry multiple eggs) or pay literally 50 plat for 10 kavat DNA segments (always super-attractive since finding kavat dna segments is literally torture and completely bullshit), and then you rush the pet for 15 platinum, find out it's shite, and flush it out the airlock for 25K credits. So one 'roll' now sets you back 35 platinum ish and 125K credits for a dog. Or 75 platinum for a cat and 125K credits for a smashed-face arrow-tailed monstrosity. The slot machine is definitely still there it's just more expensive and way more time consuming.
Six months. That's all I'm giving them. With the removal of adult content, I won't even open their website again. On 17th of December I will remove their bookmark from my toolbar, and forget they exist, and I wager I won't be the only one. Traffic will drop like a fucking STONE. And ad revenue will drop with it. No matter how many advertisers would love to advertise on a SFW platform *there won't be anyone there to advertise to*. If I gave a shit about cute pictures of cats I'd just go stalk a subreddit or imgur. Tumblr is *dead*. The only question left is how long they want to drag this out. So I'm giving them six months. Six painful months before they close the doors for good with some sad staff post about 'it's been a good run but we just don't know what went wrong'. S S a thousand times you retarded shitbags.
I'm giving them roughly six months before they shut the doors for good with some melancholic post about how 'we just don't know what went wrong or we could have done any better'. Literally anything but this you fucking monkeys.
https://youtu.be/c_o8vYUU-jo?t=17
'Hmmmm, what are our options, Johnson?' 'Well, we could give up traffic from the apple store.' 'Unacceptable! Next option.' 'We could completely ban NSFW and basically remove the only thing our site is used for, essentially killing it' 'My god you're onto something Johnson. Ban all NSFW! And when you're done, *you're fired* because your name can also mean penis and that is completely not acceptable to Apple snowflakes' \- Actual corporate conversation probably.
Nah, Tumblr have been going down this completely retarded path for a long while now. Like six months ago they did some shady shit with their adult-filtering. Basically, there was an option to enable filtering of all NSFW. Tumblr staff started randomly turning it on for EVERY blog at staggered times (So there was no way to know when exactly you'd get hit by it) and said it was 'so that everyone could experience tumblr in safe-mode! :D' And told *fucking nobody* that they were doing it. It would be like if reddit turned on SFW mode and didn't notify you and just expected you to either realise all NSFW content was gone, or leave it on forever. And they did this to EVERYONE. Tumblr has long been at war with NSFW. Now they've decided to go full MAD. They're killing NSFW and killing themselves in the process. Good fucking riddance to bad rubbish. I hope the next website that crops up in its place won't be run by absolute monkeys. Myspace, digg, and tumblr. The holy trinity of 'what the fuck were you idiots thinking'
It's just gonna take a little longer, but he's going to be out of a job either way!
People are already talking about pillowfort.io. It's down for maintenance, I don't even know what it is, but something *will* move in and take over from dumblr.
Backtracking on these rules in any sense will be too little, too late. Come December 17th, Tumblr dies. It might take months, but it's dead. No amount of backtracking will bring the people back. They'll see they're not welcome, and *leave*.
I saw a video earlier that made a decent argument. METACRITIC is the reason for this feminist bullshit. Metacritic is one of the main metrics for how 'good' a game is. And I know you immediately leapt to 'user score' but no, not there. *Reviewer score*. https://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/battlefield-v Look at this fucking garbage. Judging by the reviewer score (the metric that companies actually judge by, as well as offer bonuses for; a famous one being the devs of Fallout: New Vegas missing out on their bonus by one point) then battlefield 5 is a success that simply undersold for some reason. And who are the reviewers that determine the reviewer score? The same fucking idiots we have railed against all this time. The kind of cocksucking pussies who write 'progressive' articles and other such tripe. In an effort to get a better reviewer score, video game developers are chasing an audience who *don't fucking play video games* which is why so many AAA releases are so completely, utterly, inexcusably divorced from what the actual playerbase wants.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPFMTb0l6Mg
'Three and most importantly of all: The only way to be respected as a doctor — nay, respected as a man — is to be an island; you are born alone, you damn sure die alone.' Good ol' Doctor Cox.
I got it. Nobody has ever freaked out about it at me before though. Hell, most people don't even recognize or care about Excal prime. I've never seen a lato prime before, though. That was the founder-exclusive pistol. I'm only master founder so I didn't get the pistol. And from what I've seen of screenshots it is *ugly*.
I finally realise what Volt is. Volt is this: https://youtu.be/0ftYWzRFJUY?t=75
The bottom of the OP says 'press S to spit on their grave'.
I love that the post where they announced this they spoke about having to think towards the future and how they would grow and evolve. And it's like, lol, you're not going to be doing *either* of those things now. Quite the opposite, in fact.
DICE dev whines to the most white-knighting, feminist-cocksucking, pussy place on the internet because his feminist SJW shitpiece game failed. That's like a white supremacist going on 'fuckblacks.com' (That's probably a porn site don't google that) to validate his own views because waaaaaah. I'mright.com strikes again.
Man why wait if you got the money. RDR2 is fucking great in every aspect and worth full price if you can pay it.
Advertisers need to be convinced not to be so fucking puritanical. Who cares if someone jerking off to gay Harry Potter fanfiction ALSO purchased some fucking razor blades because they saw your advert beside said gay harry potter fanfiction. How is that an indictment on your company?
Don't forget back in the day when they started turning on 'nsfw filtering' for all accounts at random times (so you'd never know when it actually happened) without telling anyone, and using the excuse of 'we want everyone to experience tumblr with our sfw filter on! :D' Tumblr has been fucking scum for a long time.
Their own news post about the ban on NSFW got tagged as NSFW.
Aint nobody investing in a dead platform that only services otherkin and snowflakes since NSFW is going away. Unless you've heard about livejournal or myspace as being good investment opportunities recently?
Their own post about the changes got marked as NSFW by their filter. Tumblr are inept at coding, systems, *and* management.
My mother has the worst asthma. She's on fucking *emphysema* medication. I really wish there was some cure for that shit.
&gt;Because Article 13 makes Twitch liable for any potential copyright infringement activity with uploaded works, Twitch could be forced to impose filters and monitoring measures on all works uploaded by residents of the EU. This means you would need to provide copyright ownership information, clearances, or take other steps to prove that you comply with thorny and complicated copyright laws. Creators would very likely have to contend with the false positives associated with such measures, and it would also limit what content we can make available to viewers in the EU. Yeah fuck that. Big websites need to stand up to retarded internet rules like this with a firm stance: Fuck off. Either don't make retarded laws, or block us from operating in your country and deal with the fallout of the users from said country. Bending to the wills of ridiculous laws like this and letting rules from one country affect everywhere else in the world is NOT what the internet is about. Yeah, you'll lose traffic. But at least if all the big sites stood firm against this bullshit *we wouldn't lose an open internet*. I guarantee you if Twitch, Reddit, Youtube, Facebook, and other tech giants sent out alerts to the UK citizens saying 'hey, we're not going to be servicing your country any more if this law goes through' lawmakers would be REALLY REALLY *REALLY* fucking hesitant to try and put bullheaded bullshit like this on the books.
There was a push by people sick of that garbage to start calling people derogatory names like 'google' and 'yahoo', so that they would be forced to censor the names of tech giants to show how utterly fucking stupid this kind of system is. I wish it had succeeded.
I, on the other hand, completely condone and approve of what he did. Fuck that person. If he did that to someone less patient his windows would have been smashed or his car would be keyed or whatever. He can just enjoy having a fish smell in his car for a while and learn his fucking lesson.
I've had chronic wrist pain for several years now. I thought it fucked off, started working again, shit came back. Two operations have come and gone, with both times going back to the pain. Most days I can barely manage the washing up and hanging out clothes without wanting to just literally stuff my entire hand in the freezer to numb the aching. Pain pills don't help, braces don't help (and actually seem to make it worse) and the orthopedic specialist's only tool was 'inject some cortisone into it and see if that does something'. I had a cortisone injection some months ago that *royally* fucked my wrist/hand. It was injected through the palm and was the most excruciatingly painful thing I've ever experienced and paralyzed my hand for 4-6 hours afterwards. It made my problem infinitely worse and the specialist wouldn't even talk about it. After that, I had another injection done (with the same diametre needle they use to cannulate birds because I cannot handle needles any more after that traumatic one) and it gave no benefit. Went back again, and the specialist was like 'well let's try cortisone! Maybe the last one missed idk' and I told him essentially to fuck off. And he basically told me 'well there's nothing wrong with you then'. Like. Fucking. u wot m8? Doctors are book smart but boy can they be *fucking stupid cunts*. I hope my second opinion at least doesn't think that injecting cortisone into a tendon for the (eighth?) time is the limit of modern diagnostics.
I want to sell my rivens but... ugh. I'd have to farm credits.
How many more years are we going to have blatant karma-whoring in the most-upvoted spots and STILL not have anything about done about it? &gt;Prohibited behavior &gt;In addition to not submitting unwelcome content, the following behaviors are prohibited on Reddit &gt; Asking for votes or engaging in vote manipulation https://www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy?utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_medium=usertext&amp;utm_name=blog&amp;utm_content=t5_2qh49 Literally in your own content policy. Maybe you should remove that requirement or, I don't know, enforce it in any way?
You can literally walk up to the spirit animal after chapter 6. https://xboxdvr.com/gamer/anonymuspegasus/video/64852141 It's not a fucking wolf.
You can also find Arthur's spirit animal sitting by his graveside after chapter 6. It's a coyote. You can literally stand next to it after you find it when it runs off. I might have videos on my xbox I can upload to prove as such but even if not, it only takes like five minutes to check.
I'll bet you a gold bar that if we get a passive mode you won't be able to skin animals or catch fish in it.
It's how it is in GTA Online. You can be passive, but you can do exactly nothing *while* passive. Hunting animals and fishing is the main way to earn money in-game, so Rockstar will see it as 'cheating the system' if you can hunt and fish without worrying about griefers killing you, exactly as they do in GTA Online.
Just don't catch all the horses... Don't bother with hunting down that pure-white arabian. Do that in chapter seven onwards.
Ugh I keep waiting for a fix on the catchmoon punchthrough bug and none ever comes.
'My fellow Americans. Today we have been attacked. Citizens have been lost. And a new war on terror has been started. We are determined to put down these attackers in the name of justice, and the name of freedom. Thank you all and god bless America' And then he dabs.
Don't worry they just leaked support tickets and customer data with it apparently, including addresses, phone numbers, credit card numbers, the whole nine yards. I... I'm just laughing. There's nothing left to do. Bethesda has fucked up so badly and so consistently it's frankly amazing.
&gt;a contact which we singed before getting married which if a person asks for a divorce without a valid reason I'm pretty sure 'he was married five times previously and was the one seeking divorce each time and I just found out about it' is a pretty bloody valid reason.
'Friendzoning misandrist' but a mod told me that their name is 'totes just a joke u guiz'. Also is a literal tumbrlina who bragged on tumblr about banning the phrase 'nezha is a trap' because that is 'transphobic'. A major contributor to a chat filter that instantly removes you from chat (and bans you) for saying such seriously offensive words like 'gay' and 'cancer'. No, I am not joking. If you say 'gay' or 'cancer' in any way, shape, or form, in the warframe chat, you are *instantly* removed and banned from chat communications. I'm on the fence about their new hire. He's an *employee* of DE now, and so has a vested interest in upholding the rules and administrating the moderators (because he'll lose his fucking job is he doesn't) but Ms Manhater needs to fucking go.
Someone should make a WW2 game where you start as an American soldier kicking down doors and shooting up nazis. And then a Nazi kills him at the end of the tutorial and now you're playing as that Nazi. A Nazi that is fighting to defend his homeland and is brainwashed by the German Government and his family (his brother is a nazi sergeant or whatever) but he becomes slowly more and more disillusioned by what he sees his fellow soldiers doing. The final breaking point is when he witnesses his brother being executed on the orders of Hitler himself, and he takes his brother's hat, emblazoned with the SS eagle and swastika, as his only memory of his now-dead family member, and then defects to the west a few months before Hitler's war machine falls apart and they lose the war. And then when he's an older man, living in Florida, flying an American flag on his porch, a thief breaks into his home and finds his brother's old SS hat in a chest in the attic, and then he goes and gets his friends together to come back and beat the shit out of the 'nazi'. And when the old man is laying in the hospital bed breathing his last from his injuries, we get to see the newspapers and 'news' stations with jubilatory headlines saying 'another Nazi bites the dust' and 'good riddance to nazi scum' in reference to the old man dying alone in the hospital bed. It would be worth it just to witness the fucking meltdown modern games 'journalists' would have even at the *mention* of a nazi soldier not being shown as literally eating babies and using the skull of jews as a coffee cup.
Good lord. They're offering a dlc of a paid game that released MONTHS AND MONTHS ago, and is basically pvp-only (At least it was when I tried it at release) OR: copies of a brand-new game that is literally two weeks old. Like, what the fuck. They should be offering Sea of Thieves + the dlc for free and some kind of special weapon or something for BFV. I have NEVER heard of a AAA game being given away to digital users *for free* in its entirety only two fucking weeks after launch. That is *desperate*.
Lots and lots of different shades of brown in there. I don't mind drab brown with rusted shit where it's applicable, like Far Cry 2, back on the savvanah where everything is old and rusted. It really fit there. And you could also visit places of amazing greenery like forests and waterfalls and shit. But the aesthetic of 'everything is brown and shit and this is why you should be depressed' is really just getting on my tits lately. It's like a visual shorthand for 'you should feel depressed'. Most recently I can think of, Logan did it with damn near every single setpiece. That kind of viaul style has been annoying the fuck out of me. Fallout is brown and depressing. Mad Max is brown and depressing. Book of Eli is brown and depressing, Resident Evil is brown and depressing. It's a fucking step forwards for a developer of a game or movie to have a post-nuclear apocalypse that is *colouful* in more shades than brown and grey. Instead of 'literally everything is dying, from the trees to the grass to the people to the animals' I prefer a nuclear holocaust where all of that shit goes on unhindered, but the *people* are fucked. Because animals, plants, and everything else will adapt to radiation. It's the people and our way of life, our society, that will fade out when the bombs drop. How big is the ego of humanity in general that in our post-apocalyptica we need to have *literally the entire planet* dying along with us, like we're the only thing holding this shit together? Quite the opposite, fuckos. We're actively keeping the rest of the shit down, and when we're going it's coming back. We're not that fucking important.
I don't even have a problem with women in the game. If they just did what CoD WW2 did they would have been *fine*. 'Yeah, for multiplayer we're allowing people to choose women because of player choice, basically. If it bothers you to see a woman in multiplayer, then I suggest you don't indulge in our multiplayer'. And then they should have kept the campaign fucking *pristine*. Anyone bitching about women in multiplayer would be a very small minority. It's one of those 'player choices' things where adherence to strict realism can be dcast aside in the goal of letting people just enjoy the fucking game. But inserting that shit into the campaign? Fuck you go broke. You disrespected war veterans, and wrote a fanfiction that writes war heroes out of their own fucking stories all so you could push an agenda. I love watching your game not sell you stupid cunts.
Leading the world in absolute retardation. Congrats, guys. We're fucking pioneers in the subject of *fucking stupidity*.
We can't even get servers in most MMOs and they think we're a big enough market for google, amazon, facebook and other tech giants to weaken their encryption and security ACROSS THE BOARD for their entire company chasing our fucking tiny market? God I want to pick up the people responsible for this shit and fucking shake them until their empty fucking heads are rolling around like bobbleheads.
&gt;only be used in the case of investigating crimes that carry a maximum jail sentence of three years or more. So what, like fucking ALL OF THEM? '"If you are not a subject of law enforcement inquiries, you are not going to have to worry about being a target of this bill," he said. "If you are not a security threat, as identified by ASIO, you are not going to have to be worried about being a target of the bill."' you fucking wot m8? Oh my god the stupidity on display here. Holy fucking shit. 'So we built a trapdoor with a lock' 'couldn't a criminal pick the lock, break it, smash it open, bring bolt cutters?' 'Well as long as the trapdoor isn't open it's not a 'systemic weakness' '. Are you even fucking serious? At least with the current wording large tech companies can tell AUS to FUCK OFF because there is no way to make encrypted messages readable without compromising the integrity of the encryption. It simply can't happen.
I love that one thing from Gordon Ramsey where someone was complaining about the well done steak they got in one of his restaurants. It was basically burnt, and was black on the outside. https://youtu.be/eGryWqaZvgY 'If you want steak well-done then you can have it charred because it makes no difference to the taste either way'. And this was coming from a five-star chef. The fucking *food snobbery* is insane. Like 'anything beyond medium-well is just shoe leather anyway so just slap it on the pan at maximum temperature and burn the absolute shit out of the outside and make it inedible'. It's like the moment you mention 'well done' people lose any kind of common sense. Yeah, if you burn a steak into carbon it's not going to have any pink in it but that doesn't mean it's fucking 'well done'.
Blowing 20 bucks to laugh at a bad movie is a good investment. Blowing 100 to suffer through 10+ hours of a shitty game is damn near mental illness
You can augment your tits though. And no matter how many emails you get claiming otherwise, you cannot increase the size of your dong easily.
I can ignore the genderfielding but just watching Angry Joe's review of the multiplayer made me turn right the fuck away from even thinking about playing it. People can bomb spawn in the first ten seconds of the match? What the fuck were they thinking? EVERYONE can revive people, WHAT? So the medic has no fucking place now? Oh and the fucking class imbalances my god. BF1 was one of the worst battlefield games for tanks so far. Is it because tanks were inherently too strong? NOPE. It was because the fucking assault class had the best weapons for close-in fighting and were also the only ones with anti-vehicle weapons worth a quarter of a fuck. Medic couldn't compete with assault because their weapons fire too slow. They use DMRs, weapons designed for mid-range engagements. LMGs with the support class are basically dead unless they're set up waiting with their bipod down for an assault guy to run around a corner. And sniper rifles are obviously just not useful at close range. So assault beats every other class hands-down at close range. So the assault guys would be running around *on* the frontlines with shotguns or that crutch SMG, and be entirely unable to deal with armored tanks on the outskirts of the battle taking potshots at their team because they were too busy deathmatching. BF4 had it right. Everyone can use a whole different subset of weapons, so that they're not pigeonholed into a single range of engagements and forced to swap classes based on the map. They could ADAPT. With this bullshit forcing you to only take one archetype of weapons, assault class HAD to be close up to the enemies to be effective in personelle combat, taking them out of where they NEEDED to be which was around the edges of the map where the fucking armor was. So BFV is repeating all of the same mistakes of BF1 and making entirely new ones and I just have no desire to indulge that clusterfuck. That's why I'm not even going to pick up the game for multiplayer. Fuck that. If I want to die repeatedly to tanks I can't effectively fight back against over and over again I'll go play War Thunder against the fucking Russian tanks.
Hi Karin, how's it feel working for an actual cult? P.S. Fuck you and your entire shitty organization.
That guy cutting in is the most unnecessary shit. 'Look, an escape pod!' 'Hold your fire. No life forms detected' BITCH just let me shoot the fucking thing why are you such a control freak you uptight prick fuck off
Fucking wot That's amazing. I used Mesa and just bullet-jumped and hoped that her peacemaker's deleted the dargyn before the pilot but this way sounds much more chill, especially for those goddamn 'while aim gliding' rivens that make it ten thousand times more difficult.
Seriously if this game is set in High Rock I'm skipping it. We had imperials and nords. We've done beige white humans twice in a goddamn row now. We do not need a third game based on the only remaining *boring white fucking humans* when we have orcs, khajiit, argonians, wood elves and high elves just *begging* for a fucking game made about them.
'Gotta get some rules before we start. Rules on stage. First of all, faggots aren't allowed to stare at my ass while on stage'. Boom. He's done.
It makes them the same colour as everything else you've ever scanned! :D Which I find to be detrimental in the extreme. Don't scan rare things. You get nothing for it. And I've found a LOT of things like endo statues and rare crates, by simple fact that they pinged a different colour in my scanner.
No moon phase and ambient light level included? Jesus you got lucky
Wasn't that Zeus's thing? That he fucked literally anything that moved and made a bajillion weird offspring demigods?
I have some hard news for you...
I'm Australian and I hope all the tech giants tell our gov to fuck off and just pull out of aus like a guy on the vinegar stroke who just realised the condom broke
User starts an online game in the first four hours after a major update and has connection issues like every single other major update that was released before this one! More at eleven.
You gotta charge the missile. If you fire it like a normal missile it's going to just bounce off. If you are charging it and it's still bouncing off, then you're not hitting the target properly. It's dumb-fire, so you'll have to lead the target by just a little bit, according to the rotation.
Entirely up to you. I don't remember which one the dispersion missile, but I'm assuming it's the asteroid cracker? In which case you need to charge the missile a bit, go to a new spot, charge another one some more, go to another and charge some more. It takes practise because you have to measure how much charge you put in against how 'hard' the asteroid is and try not to overstress it with multiple missiles. So start with light charges, and as you get more confident, start using 'deeper' more charged shots. If it's the one for the subsurface deposits, then a UI element will tell you when to release the charge.
Then yeah, you need to hold it and charge it for a good while. A scrolling bar will show up at the (bottom?) of your screen letting you know when to release the charge. At the peaks in the signal.
It's not really about location but more about technique and persistence. Just find a pristine ring (plenty of websites offer that) shoot a mapping charge into it and locate a hotspot for one of the shiny new minerals, head down in there and start hightailing it along the asteroids hitting your mining scanning like a madman, and simply look for pure gold rocks. Shoot prospectors at them, and if it's a motherload rock, it'll be filled with goodies. Usually 12-15 'chunks' of material. I figure I get about 10-12 tons of material per motherload asteroid, so it's really about how fast you track down those asteroids more than anything else. I have a few different haunts, but I was at uhm... some place near HIP 21991. Anywhere with an orbiting station and some ringed gas giants will work though.
Detailed surface scanner! It got changed over to shooting probes. You shoot probes and make them hit the rings instead and it'll scan the rings, showing you all the points that have hotspots on them.
I read one where the woman's kid didn't get the flu shot, and the kid started getting tired, listless, headachy, sniffly and whatnot, and the person honestly asked if the other kids who got the flu shot gave her child something. YEAH YOU STUPID CUNT. THE FLU.
Well I can do it in a cutter, so it'll be doable in an anaconda for sure. It just won't be very fun. And you sort of need to get right in there to hit the surface deposits that are revealed after the cracking.
There's a new mining scanner. It's a utility item. It shows up asteroids that have goodies inside them (or potentially do) look for the MOST golden one and ignore the ones that are tinged reddish brown, they all suck. And any mineral you don't recognize. Opal, the ones listed there, etc. All of the new ones are the ones worth 200K+ If you're going for 'best profit' then alexandrite is best. But it's only 270K compared to others that are 250K etc. It's just better to find a pristine ring nearby and grind out those motherload asteroids. Regardless of what they drop, you'll still be rich. Also going to icy rings and looking for low temperature diamond hotspots because THOSE can go up to like 300K a ton. Just go to pretty much any commodity market and look for the minerals that are worth more than 200K for specifics. They're all listed.
&gt; and the attention and views following that. That kind of 'attention' is really good at getting the FBI party van showing up at your house.
It takes quite a lot of work to get this. You could get about the same by just going to literally any station and doing passenger missions and whatnot. This just brings mining in line with other methods of earning money.
Interesting... So we could definitely stare sharing the location of various pristine-reserve hotspots to other commanders who are interested in mining? I'm currently sitting at a station about 2000ls from a ring with an alexandrite hotspot. But then since asteroid debris is persistent wouldn't telling other commanders lead to popular hotspots being mined out? A lot of things to think about here!
'My political stance is so unassailable that the only people who could feasibly disagree with it are Russian bots and people who are trolling'. Yeah. Sure.
&gt;has come from a sense among the left that their power is ebbing The left, with all of their tools at their disposal, with a stranglehold on the mainstream media and constant propaganda from everywhere at once, couldn't win a fucking election against the worst presidential candidate in the history of ever.. They called Trump and his supporters alt-right nazi women-hating racist Mexican-oppressing Muslim-bashing terrorists-in-waiting and *they still lost*. Their power *is* ebbing.
I got banned from /r/worldnews for saying mean things about radical muslims.
[Deleted] [Deleted] [Deleted] I fucking hate reddit sometimes.
Look at Neil Degrass Tyson. No doubt an incredibly smart motherfucker. But has the people skills and personality of a perpetually-slightly-moist slimy dishrag.
The best argument for eugenics is working retail.
How can anyone like ASMR? Where they fucking whisper into a microphone that is so turned up that you can hear every single tiny bit of their lips parting from their teeth? Oh god it's worse than someone eating crisps with their mouth open.
&gt;A spokeswoman said the company, owned by Google, is confident a new algorithm will work to stamp out inappropriate content. 'The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.' Because those algorithms worked so well in the past. God.
I actually enjoyed removing the ball and then picking the bits of shit off the roller inside the mouse itself to make it all perfectly smooth again.
Yeah grineer vaults and even corpus are fairly straightforwards. But orokin sortie vaults can suck the fattest dick.
Bear spray would be illegal. In some states just mace is classified as assault with a weapon, IIRC. Much better would be chili powder. Oh god can you imagine having chili powder sprayed at you from a rotating device like that? On your bed? In your car? Stuck in your fucking fabrics or car seat or whatever? Holy shit.
I like this more as a demonstration: https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-gl-hHfN0n_A/TW3ffMx_9EI/AAAAAAAAAB4/L62y4MBJYP0/s1600/800px-Sun_and_VY_Canis_Majoris.svg.png REALLY puts thing into perspective. Or even this one, showing the earth's orbit against it: https://i.redd.it/4apgia6sjz811.jpg
Maybe Jad Teran won't be *complete* cancer to fight against now.
I think a chroma with high power strength for the damage bonus is going to be absolutely mandatory for this fight. Also, destroy alarm pylons the moment they spawn. If you don't, you will die. And it won't be pretty.
Wait for the ~~cancer~~shield ospreys! When you get them putting nullifier bubbles on every single enemy in the area you are dead. You are completely dead and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it.
Someone calculated that he was doing 40K damage in a single hit in high index. Which is enough to kill an iron-skinned rhino instantly. with a 8 metres radial AOE on the attack. And 75% magnetic proc. And perfect accuracy at every single range (to the point that he could hit my bullet-jumping nova in mid-air from 30-40 metres away) And he can fire it instantly with no charge up! :D Not broken at all.
You can just shoot at them with a grattler. Good fucking luck. You need every single bullet to focus on the orbmother and wasting your grattler ammo on the bubbled enemies is absolutely the worst idea you could have. Don't let the enemies get bubbled (alert level 3 or higher, I believe) or you won't have enough points of damage to deal with them.
It's new times so most people don't know the fight yet. Basically, the spider has a huge fuck-off shield. Nothing new. But it has rotating damage resistances. Occasionally during the fight, you'll see a symbol floating over its 'face' and that is the only element/damage type that will affect it. It can be IPS, or any of the four elements as far as I know. Once the shield is down, the only thing that can damage it is archwing guns. Archwing guns have a ten minute cooldown unless you pick up heavy ammo packs. They're the yellow ammo packs the trash enemies drop. You need to break the legs, and once they're broken, you can break it's body. Exactly like the Hyena fight. Take down the shield, wreck the legs, and then shoot the body. People also say you can shoot the shield with operator weapons to change the damage type it is vulnerable to.
Hystrix is a thing, too. That's got you like, impact, puncture, slash, fire, heat, electric, toxin, and then whatever damage type you mod into it.
Ugh really? What's the point in swapping between damage types if it doesn't... swap between damage types?
I feel like they increased the explosion radius but gave it 'damage falloff' for the explosion, so it deals more damage close to the centre of the explosion, and less damage further out. It won't be a top-tier weapon, but with firestorm it should be a good little noob-tube for mid-level content.
Can you believe that DE said that in the lead-up that this fight was 'new player friendly'? Fucking. Kek. Show me a new player with a properly-set-up archgun. Or a maxed out Chroma with power-strength out the ass so they can properly deal with the bullshit amount of damage it takes to down the shields and pop the legs and body. I mean. *Fuck*. I hardly have my grattler maxed out. But I have it okay. I have five damage mods and a magazine mod. That *should* be enough to down at least a leg in a 'new player friendly' fight, right? Fucking nope. I have to use my entire ammo reserve and then go and find more ammo to even take down one leg. That anyone at DE looked at this and decided it was 'new player friendly' is fucking hilarious.
&gt; This feels like the first time DE have designed new content for the power level of of veterans with top level gear They seriously said that this content was supposed to be 'new player friendly'. And DE still doesn't understand having content for multiple levels of players. Why the fuck can't we have a level 50 boss with a standard shield, and standard legbits that can be blown apart by normal archguns that aren't min-maxed to the extreme; that can be safely taken apart by pug groups? And then for the *advanced players* you give them a harder fight with the rotating shield and retarded shield caps, and damage caps and whatnot, with all the other mechanics in the fight. Every other MMO I ever played has their 'raid bosses' structured like this *because it works and it's fair*. You have a base version of the fight with stripped mechanics to let newer players cut their teeth on it, a tougher version with proper mechanics for the end-game content players, and an extreme version with crazy damage caps and mechanics for *complete autists* so that every level of the playerbase feels like they can play the fight and enjoy it.
Not just you. Can't even log in on the website using my saved password. Shit's fucked.
Let's see how many days Antifa would last if they got doxxed. I'd bet 0.5.
EVERY ONE WHO DOESN'T LIKE MA-REY SUE IS A RUSSIAN TROLL It just keeps getting more retarded
My first cat, Postal, trained me to pet her when she wanted. She would sit really really close on my chest while I was typing on the laptop, until her face was a few centimetres from mine. This was my cue to begin the pets. If not she would then gently lay her paw on my cheek. If the pets did not commence she would then begin sloooooowly extending her claws. It was up to me when they stopped extending.
No Ron Perlman, no watchy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVN_0qvuhhw Obligatory response.
Let me know if you find the perfect phrase. I cannot wait to just drop it deadpan to some certain individuals once it exists.
I wish they'd release a boxing game every fucking year. God I miss Fight Night. Fucking hell it's been like seven years since they released a new one. and they're already on to UFC3. And the UFC games fucking suck. Build to be a striker and you get completely dismantled by the 'roll around on the ground for literally a minute-straight' 'gameplay'.
Her son, Stamp, is exactly like that. He'll bother me for pets at 3 in the morning. Knead real close up to the edge of the blanket and then over it a little bit so that his claws hit sensitive spots. And haven forbid you have your hand outside the blankets. He'll chase them around the bed. And if you put them under the blankets he'll nose in under the blankets to find them and extract his pats through any means necessary.
Well when you've got claws in your cheek about half an inch below your eyelids you pat the cat. You pet the cat immediately.
I named my cat Postal because she was a fucking psycho as a kitten. Quite literally 'going postal'. My sister named Stamp. She thought it would be hilarious to have a cat named Stamp when the mother is named Postal.
When they try reboot it you mean
Apparently chaining liset uses is the only way to make orokin sortie rescue NOT complete cancer.
Yeah after the Sea of Thieves disappointment I am completely underwhelmed by this trailer.
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day has been ruined.
I get that for specific weapons, items, etc. But I feel like things in the level itself should be usable for contracts. Like challenges that require you feed people to hippos, seal targets in the iron maiden or etc. It wouldn't have to be super specific, but for instance, in Miami, I want the option for killing people with the hanging shark, or dumping them in the aquarium, or even dumping them on the racetrack. All of those things are level-based, not item-based. Just a shame because it really reduces the complexity of the contracts and *creativity* that can be applied when the only methods of killing contracts is so generic as to be 'accident: fall'. Because that can happen pretty much anywhere on any map. Just really disappointing.
so if the hostage calls out you cancel that hack and move to the next console?
No I legitimately do not understand! &gt;The other issue is just make sure everyone knows when they hear the hostage calling out to hit esc and not finish their console I do not know this? If the hostage calls out while you're hacking, that means they're not in that particular room? It would be a huge help if that's the case since in sortie rescue you have like five seconds per portal.
Anthem looks like the most generic, uninteresting shit I have ever seen. Like Halo got mixed with Titalfall except they got rid of all the exciting things from both, picked all the beige stuff and mashed it all together.
I've got a theory. They killed of Han and gave Rey the Falcon, and Chewie. They killed off Luke and gave Rey all of his talents and powers in the force. So we know they kill off old beloved characters to force their character traits onto the most bland character in cinematic history. So next up, they'll kill off Leia. I mean, they have to. Carrie Fisher is dead. They can't just CGI in Leia. So Leia will die, and Rey will become the ultimate leader of the rebellion and continue her streak of having literally everything handed to her on a silver platter without having to earn any of it.
MauLer says it perfectly. 'Somehow Kylo couldn't tell that Luke wasn't actually there the entire time and now he is infuriated at the turn of events as he now cannot kill Luke Skywalker. 'He has been tricked, and Luke has escaped. '*Luke Skywalker did not die*. 'And in the next scene Luke Skywalker dies'.
The main thing Solo had going against it was Episode 8.
I find trinity is the least used in pugs. A lot of people want to be stronk damage dealer but not many people want to babysit the lures and keep everyone alive.
It's definitely amazing now. But when I made that previous comment it was *garbage*. I'm talking about cracking asteroids and getting 12 tons of gallite instead of something actually good. If they hadn't added the new materials the new mining would have been deader than disco.
Because in the campaign in CoD WW2 they treated the history with respect. Multiplayer is completely fair game. If you want to add females in multiplayer, for inclusions sake? Go ahead. Anyone who complains really isn't worth listening to there. But doing this alt-history girlpower bullshit in your campaign and presenting fanfiction as historical accuracy? That's fucking unacceptable. There is *zero* reason for that bullshit.
Probably not. Just like I wouldn't support an 'all male' game developer. If the developing crew *happened* to be all male or all female, sure. No problem. But when that's your stated goal you are literally giving up the best candidates for employment because they lack the 'correct' reproductive organs. That's fucking retarded. And I don't a development crew that makes decisions that fucking retarded to make a good game.
As someone on Australian netflix I'm ALREADY back to pirating. There's nothing fucking worth watching on it any more. I watched Travellers season 3 and that was literally the first thing I've watched on netflix in months.
Hmmm how does that work? Would I have to get an entirely new netflix account to use getflix?
Huh, thanks for the tip! I remember looking at a list of shows available on US netflix and being quite depressed. This might keep my netflix sub going for a few more months!
I don't see where you're coming from. I really don't. There's no way for me to PAY FOR WHAT I WANT TO WATCH. So I PIRATE IT. Is this hard to understand? When Netflix removes 80% of their already anemic Australian library and leaves me with nothing to watch, I'm going to move to another service that HAS what I want or I'm going to fucking pirate it. I don't see how that is an 'idiotic excuse'. That's literally fucking supply and demand, mate. I have a demand. They have no supply. I'd rewatch House, but nope, they removed it. I'd watch Bones, but NOPE not available on Australian netflix. I'd rewatch Stargate SG-1 even though I have the boxsets because then I wouldn't have to fuck with the dvds. NOPE not available on Australian netflix. How about 24? NOPE AGAIN! What about this doesn't make fucking sense to you, mate?
'I hope your children starve to death you FAGGOT CUNT NIGGER DEER' Literal quote from Louis C. K. The fact that people are upset about this proves they are MASSIVE pussies and complete fuckwanks.
&gt;This title isn't available in your location Oh look. No it's not. Maybe have a single fucking clue what you're talking about before you come in here acting superior.
I'd usually say 'yeah that's just Youtube being fucking stupid' but it's been two hours since people noticed that downvotes aren't working and it's still sitting at 3 only. I have NEVER seen or heard of a youtube video exhibiting this issue. I've seen the view counter get stuck, but never dislikes. Can anyone confirm how many likes it had at the start? It might be that the up AND downs are being frozen. But if the ups are moving and the downs aren't, then it is COMPLETE fuckery. *Edit* Don't worry guys, it's fixed! It went from 7.6K upthumbs and 3 downthumbs to 7.7K Upthumbs and *FIVE* downthumbs! Yeah, there is no way this is a coding error. *Double edit* to add to this, Coyote Peterson's newest video with much higher traffic (over 900K views at time of writing), has 43K upthumbs and 417 downthumbs. If it's a problem with the 'algorithm' it is being INCREDIBLY selective about which videos it hits. HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.
And Rey will be the new 'Rebel' General. I'm gonna say it in these threads so I can find one and point back at it all smugly like 'I CALLED IT'. Rey earns nothing and is given everything to her on a silver platter, *especially* when they kill off old characters. Han dies, she gets the falcon and chewie. Luke dies and she gets to be the very last jedi and the best at the force and a totally competent force user even though the entirety of her training consisted of one man who had given up on the jedi saying 'reach out' and that was it. I mean, the entire plot of Force Awakens was finding the map to Luke Skywalker so he could save the resistance but LOLNOPE Reey just goes out there on her own after Leia *hugs her*, the person she's never met, or laid eyes on before and knew her husband for all of a day; instead of Chewbacca, the person she's known for forty fucking years and was her husband's most trusted friend and basically his fucking sidekick. So now Leia's got to go, Vice Admiral Gender Studies is gone, who better to lead the rebellion than Ma-Rey fucking Sue.
You know, I'd say Australia. I live in the outback. It's very... quiet out here. Hardly any traffic. Population density is the lowest on earth. You could pick a spot and just be left alone by any infected peoples until it all blew over. Or at least, I used to think that. I spoke to one of my coworkers a while ago, and she said something about 'when I was sick' so I asked her what she was sick with. Bitch got the fucking SWINE FLU. Fucking legit H1N1. TWO people in my town got it and I never heard a whisper of it. And I thought I lived in one of the most socially isolated places you could even think of. But it still made it here, like a little reminder from the creator 'hey, you're not safe here fuckface'. So fuck it. If there's a plague just assume that nowhere is safe. Build a fucking bunker.
Holy fuck what genius thought it was a good idea to have the messages only show up through your windows alerts so if you turn that shit off (AS YOU FUCKING WOULD the annoying intrusive little cunts of things) you have literally no way to know if someone messaged you.
I love that the example post of 'this is what kinds of things you will be allowed to be post on Tumblr' by the staff got flagged as inappropriate by their fucking retard algorithm.
&gt;If a species has no predators, what would be the environmental pressures driving evolution towards extreme intelligence? There are none. The anti-vaccer movement proves this.
Diversity for the sake of diversity in a fucking *witcher* TV show just shows that either A) The production crew doesn't understand the source material. Or B) Doesn't care enough to stick to it. I'm not particularly enthused or hopeful that either of those possibilities will result in a good show. They're starting off a race by shooting their horse in the back of the head. The really hardcore fans of the series are going to notice that shit and they're *not* going to like it, and that's supposed to be the core audience they're trying to attract to get this thing off the ground. Top kek.
I'd have the same response if Blade 4 came out and Blade had a sister played by Sandra Bullock. It doesn't make any fucking sense and whoever made those decisions either doesn't give a shit about the established universe or doesn't understand it.
I don't think you have enough money, mate. Did you think this through? lol
Oh damn THAT is what Atlas is. After Sea of Thieves I set my expectations somewhere near the Mariana Trench and unsurprisingly, they were met completely.
Granted. You are now a blonde-haired skater boy named Kyle who wears grey Nike SB shoes, new era hats, board shorts, and Volcom shirts. And Ajit Pai has a fetish for what you do and eagerly awaits his four-times-a-day smack habit.
I've stopped going because EVERY SINGLE FUCKING POST now is 'I've moved to HERE AND HERE AND HERE AND HERE'.
Their bot tagged their own post about the porn ban as 'inappropriate'. Dumblr them made a new post saying 'these are the things you will still be allowed to show on Dumblr' and it fucking marked that as inappropriate, too. The entire thing is a shitshow. Tumblr was always a website that survived specifically *because* the staff were incompetent morons happy to let the place self-moderate. Now that the staff is taking an active role in policing content they are completely cocking it up. Hell, their preliminary attempt to ban all the porn bots had hundreds of innocent blogs being deleted and then being reinstated manually by tumblr support teams, literally weeks before the porn ban. I give it six months before they shut the doors for good.
Removing ratings, removing reviews. Now you have literally no way of knowing if something is a steaming pile of shite. So you watch steaming piles of shite on Netflix hoping for something good. Back when we had ratings and reviews, I never watched a shite show on their platform. Now it happens on the regular. My estimation of Netflix's content has slipped down so many fucking rungs because I have no way of knowing what is good or not any more. They are shooting themselves in the foot with this shit. Newcomers to netflix will try a new show, realise it's fucking awful, go to another, find IT'S fucking awful as well and then not sign up at the end because Netflix's library is fucking shite. Whereas with the old method, at least you'd find the good stuff immediately and feel like netflix's library was pretty fucking okay, because you could *avoid* the dumpster fires.
Yeah nah OP. I can see the smile in her eyes. How long did it take for her to put on that deadpan expression so you could take the picture?
Yeah except clicking literally two buttons or looking at a star rating is infinitely easier than opening a new tab, plugging in a specific google search, opening metacritic or rotten tomatoes or whatever, and then looking at their review scores. Extra steps, usually, to see audience reception since TLJ proves that critics don't have a fucking clue what they're talking about or what people actually like to see. I've watched all of Netflix's 'good' shows, so I AM in the boat of just sorting through their crap trying to find something watchable, and they *have* made it an absolute chore to do so. Yeah, sure. Whatever. I could go and figure out if something is worth watching by looking at all these other websites but Netflix sells itself on its *convenience*. And removing star ratings and reviews on their site has incredibly lessened the *convenience*.
Hitboxes in this game are *fucked*. https://imgur.com/dPYg4CK I recorded it, and it was so bullshit. Unfortunately it's super potato quality in the converted video because the video was the wrong type etc but ey, whatever, [look for yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTMBSF6arKg) The hitboxes are fucking GARBAGE. Some of them just as bad as ye ol' hipcheck.
Oh shit it's a real painting? I thought it *was* just a calendar pic old mate had posted as his own work. I remember seeing the original image right here on reddit back when it was first posted months ago and recognized it.
Do we get to blame this upswing solely on Trump? I mean, apparently it going down by a record amount was solely his fault, just read the comments on the last story!
My cat will even allow you to pet his belly without clawing your fingers off. Cats love all kinds of attention mostly, up until the exact moment they hate it.
ENDLESS FUCKING GRINDING. They made the grind worse than ever. They made it so inexplicably bad. Back before I quit, is my experience mind, they might have 'fixed' it. but you have these brand spanking new 'azerite' armor pieces. They can have special abilities on them! Great, right? Well your necklace is the 'heart of azeroth' and levels up by doing content. Levels up EXTREMELY SLOWLY. Brand new pieces of azerite gear you get (current ilvl for you) will always be several levels above in the requirements for your heart of azeroth. So to use them and get the benefit of their skills (which are what makes your class playable) you have to go grind out more heart of azeroth. It gets to the point where you'd need WEEKS to get your heart of azeroth levelled up any further, and a chestpiece that is ilvl 375 is doing less DPS than a chestpiece that is ilvl 350 because *you can't unlock the fucking talents on it without grinding for weeks*. And when you finally do? Don't worry, you'll get another azerite piece that requires MORE weeks of grinding to unlock all its bits! It's a never-ending cycle of 'fuck you'. Not to mention that the pieces are all random. Boss in a raid is the only place to get the BiS for your class and setup? You get a chance once a week, and fuck you if you don't get it. Crafting is out the fucking window. You can CRAFT ilvl 350 stuff, sure, but it all binds on pickup. So alchemists and inkpeople are literally the only people that can make money from crafting things any more. Even the very best thing you can craft will be oustripped by things that drop in the wilderness after even a day of light questing. Oh and if you thought 'well now I can level all my alts, then!' fuck you, no you can't. They 'recently' made the world scale in level. Fucking great idea. SHIT TERRIBLE AWFUL execution. Last I levelled a character, it took on average 1 hour per level. When you've got 120 levels that's a BIG FUCKING PROBLEM. Sure you can speed that up slightly if you're a cocaine-addict and do specific areas and runs, but that kind of ruins the point of having a fucking level-matching world in the first place. In the level 70-80 bracket, doing dungeons was netting me about 35% of a level each time, WITH RESTED EXP AND FULL HEIRLOOMS. And you might think 'well I can use an exp potion then' no, no you cannot. They were removed from drop tables for no fucking reason. Get a friend to subscribe on an alt and powerlevel with them through refer-a-friend? You only get 50% bonus exp now because FUCK YOU. Every single fun thing about WoW has been systematically *fucked* in the lead-up and execution of Battle for Azeroth. Crafting, levelling, end-game, EVERYTHING. The only thing that is still tolerable is the PvP and that doesn't last very long at all when everything else around it is shite.
Oh yeah, binds on pickup/creation. So you can't trade it.
&gt;I find it hilarious that you don't realize that was the game telling you that you've already done enough grinding and you should probably take a break. &gt;The system was explicitly designed to keep players who play all day, every day from getting too large of an advantage over people who only play 10~20 hours a week. Oh okay so I shouldn't be rewarded for putting time in doing content because I'll outstrip the fucking casuals who only do one or two things every few days? And you seem to think this is a point in the game's *favour*? If I'm paying for a sub *every fucking month* I expect to be able to play it as much as I want, not to have a wall thrown in my face and be told 'no stop grinding stop playing go play something else'. That's retarded. Furthermore, that is completely *bullshit*. Yeah, you only did a few things a week. Congratulations. You sat in low ilvl content and never saw high ilvl shit like the people who were actually playing the game more than just casually. I had my HoA at level 16, and when I started pulling down ilvl 340 gear, it wanted me to get it to level 18 or higher just to *use* the second ring. Hell, some of the shit I was picking up towards the end, I had to level my HoA to even unlock the FIRST ring! So if I wanted to use the gear I'd grinded for, I had to *go grind some more*. Sure, I could wait two fucking weeks for the HoA multiplier to go up so I could get those next levels easier. And then I go out, do more content, my ilvl inches higher and I get NEW gear that I can't use until I *get my heart of azeroth higher*. And I wans't even on the cutting edge. I was a little past fucking average in the playerbase. I'm glad that Blizzard's design decisions catered to you, the person that did one or two pieces of end-game content every week *by your own admittance*, but for the people who were actually serious about trying to keep with the curve and, you know, do a little bit more than LFR, the experience was utter *cancer*. Oh and for someone needing to 'get my addictive personality' looked at, *I wasn't high enough ilvl at any single fucking point to get beyond LFR*. So the amount of grinding and bullshit I did, I wasn't even at a high enough level to be considered 'acceptable'. But please, tell me more about your experiences doing 2 caches a week and one fucking expedition.
Bitch you don't know SHIT about me. I played a feral druid. A fucking *feral druid* for the last expac and the start of this one. Yeah I main a feral druid because I want to be the best pvp class and the best at raiding and really care heaps about that 0.2% DPS! You know, even though I NEVER ended up doing the raids even beyond LFR BECAUSE THE FUCKING GRIND TURNED ME OFF IT. You have *zero* fucking clue what you are on about mate. Fuck off.
It sure as fuck did. I had to drag my death knight kicking and screaming through the level 70-80 bracket. Some levels took upwards of an hour and a half because everything was spread apart across the entirety of the continent and don't even get me *started* on the clusterfuck that was the alliance outland starting area. 'Go into this mine and kill twelve of these guys' go do that, march out, get 3000 exp (Like a hundredth of a level) 'okay now go back in there and kill the overseer! Hope you didn't kill him already! :D ' and then wait for the cunt to revive so we could kill him and get *another* 3000 exp. Shit was fucked. The first fifty levels were fine, but that dead zone in level's 50-90 were utter *shite*. Just running around giant empty zones looking for quests that would reward barely any exp.
&gt;So you admit that you have no fucking clue what you're talking about. Compared to the guy who straight up said he did 3 pieces of content a week? &gt;So you admit that you took one look at what you were allowed to do and immediately assumed it was compulsory Compared to the guy who straight up said he did 3 pieces of content a week? &gt;So you admit that you never actually tried mythic raiding and thus do not actually know what level of grinding was required to complete it. Yeah, I never actually tried mythic raiding. Because when I looked at the ilvl requirements, the dps checks, and the amount of grinding *I had already fucking done* I realised I'd have to play *even more every single day*. And this from the guy who said I have to get my 'addictive personality' looked at? Jesus Christ mate. Just go away. You're embarrassing yourself.
I can't believe you've done this. It's the reddit hex. Don't ever predict celebrity life!
Force me to stop using reddit more like
Again. Like I said in my first post *this was my experience when I quit the fucking game*. That was soon after the raids came out when I was sitting at 340 ilvl and realising the best avenue for getting my ilvl up to be able to *heroic raid*, **NOT EVEN FUCKING MYTHIC RAIDING** would be doing the warfront over and over and over, which then increases the ilvl of loot found in world quests. Because your gear drops scale off your current ilvl. So you do that, to then go and do dozens upon dozens of runs of mythic dungeons to get the gear to finally be able to do heroic raids. I started on the mythic keystones and got a 355 chestpiece in my challenger's chest. Fucking great, right? Wrong. I didn't have any traits on it unlocked and couldn't unlock any traits on it because my HoA wasn't high enough level. And it would be replacing *another* piece of azerite gear I didn't even have completely unlocked. Yeah, I could wait *two fucking weeks* to unlock a new HoA level as you so **fucking helpfully said** but why in the fuck was the game being built around the idea that you find loot that should be a clear upgrade to your current set **but you can't fucking use it yet because you haven't grinded yet**?! And maybe saying 'BiS' was the wrong word. I'm not talking about the best possible piece of armor, I'm talking about the best possible *azerite traits* on a piece of armor for your class. Some of the best azerite traits for certain classes only drop from raid bosses. Need a 370 chestpiece with a certain azerite trait to round out your class? Well too fucking bad you get one chance a week and fuck you. And for all that people say 'azerite traits suck anyway' some classes absolutely required specific azerite traits to do meaningful damage with their rotations. And when you *did* get it, you'd be told to twaddle off and grind *more* daily shit because apparently you didn't give Daddy Blizzard enough of your time already so you don't have the right HoA. Yeah, sure. The shit is easy to get now. But it wasn't fucking easy back when I **quit playing the game** because the grind gates were fucking obnoxious and made gearing yourself for higher-level content a constant series of grinds that just built off each other. In legion, you got armor. You put the armor on. It made you better. At no point did you *ever* have your armor tell you to fuck off and wait for two weeks because you didn't have enough artifact power yet. You would never *go up in power level* only to find out that you had lost significant DPS because some of your talents had been arbitrarily locked out *until you got more artifact power*. This *absolutely* was a massive fucking problem **WHEN I FUCKING PLAYED** and was the main reason I quit. And I absolutely would not be trusting any major ilvl jumps in future content because there's a fair to good chance blizzard would use the HoA as another grind gate again to lock the shit you already earned.
Wait until people start losing their entire WoW account because they said something mean on Twitch. Jesus fucking christ Blizzard what the fuck are you idiots doing
Back in the day, if you were in a starter zone, you'd see enemies leveled 1-20 or whatever. The enemy level would always be the same. NOW, areas have a 'scale'. 1-20 for start zones, 20-60 for the first lot of content, 60-80 for cataclysm and whatnot, pandaria goes to 80-90, etc. Enemies will be YOuR level so long as you are within that bracket. So if you're level 15 and running around in a level 1 area, the enemies will be level 15. If you're level 30 and running around in a 20-60 zone, every enemy will be level level 30. It's a great idea in theory but in practice it slowed levelling WAY DOWN because you can never grind to be stronger than your enemies. If you levelled up, they levelled up too.
Fucking *lol*. Let me ask literally anyone who's played wow in the last five years 'can you reach the cutting edge without grinding?' How fucking high are you? How many times were you dropped on your head as a baby? *edit* Unless you are being sarcastic.... maybe you're being sarcastic. Wow you're probably being sarcastic and all these other idiots who are basically saying what you're saying except in hundreds more words have just made me feel like someone could express what you said completely truthfully. Please tell me you're being sarcastic.
I breed kubrows. I got 13 million from that recent credit weekend but I'll burn through that VERY quickly if I put my mind to it. Some warframe hobbies are very expensive.
Yeah but you can't farm those. At ALL. You can farm enough materials to have a constant cycle of Gravimag's being made. And they're only for a very specific upgrade. They're basically like exilus adapters. And it's something that can only be put on archwing weapons, once per weapon. There is an incredibly finite amount of things it can be used on.
Someone literally tried to tell me, right here on reddit, that all of the Bernie Sander's posts in /r/politics were russian shills. Before the election, right? They legit tried to fucking say to me that the default of /r/politics was *completely 100%* **FUCKTRUMP** *forever*, and that when Bernie didn't secure the nomination all of the russian shills stopped shilling for Bernie and so /r/politics returned to a natural, completely organic **FUCKTRUMP** state of being. Someone *actually* fucking tried to convince me of this. That's the level of delusion people have under TDS.
I love how you can see the exact moment he goes from 'what the fuck is this' to 'HOLY FUCK IT'S THIS'
That's why I don't bother with any production that has a 'modern day political message' because it is almost *always* the *only fucking thing* about the character. The amount of fucking cringe in Black Lightning reached critical levels when they started sperging out about Trump, having characters literally say 'make ____ great again' and everything else. It's the mark of *extremely* shitty writers when they have to add their perceived 'enemies' to a story as the bad guys. I liken it to someone writing a fanfiction strawman of their idealogical opponent to punch around, except millions of dollars are being spent to act it out and film it. It is the most purest form of cringe. And I mean, hey, whatever gets you hard. I just don't want to fucking watch it. I'd say the same thing for an 'Antifa' member being the bad guy, or a 'Trump supporter' or a 'neo nazi' whatever. It's just shite writing of the highest order. Remember when things were an *allegory*? Sure it might be pretentious as fuck to make a film an allegory for some cause you hold dear, but it's sure as fuck a lot better than the equivalent of the writer's getting a Ken doll and a G.I Joe figurine and sperging out going 'THIS IS HOW WE WOULD DEFEAT THE ALT RIGHT' and it being fucking filmed. I'm hoping this 'alt right' shit is just something the media has shoved in there upon examination of the dude's worldview. Because if one of the *writers* made the bad guy bespoke 'alt right' then I have zero hopes that the writing will be anything but cringe-inducing garbage.
I scrolled a very long fucking way and I think that comment has been deleted.
Sick ad hominem bro. Care to address the points I raised or is 'you used a phrase I didn't like therefore your opinion is invalid' your sole contribution?
Nah, because that isn't literally the only I said.
&gt; There's no way to do this additively. .................. Your gun does 100 damage. So you add a primed serration. It adds 165 damage to your shot damage. You add 90% fire damage and it adds 90 fire damage damage. You add 90% toxin damage, and the gun now does 180 gas damage. Then you add multishot, you're just shooting two bullets that do 265 damage each with 180 gas damage each. I don't see how it's so hard to make the percentages additive? And yeah, crit weapons would become 20 times stronger than other weapons, which is why I said that crit damages would have to be looked at and finessed quite a lot. But simply making mods *additive*, as in, they all scale off the *base damage* instead of being *multiplicative* and increasing the damage of eachother; reduces the gap between the highest level of player and the newbs to such a point that DPS levels in high level content are meaningful at three digits instead of five.
My mother and sister subscribe to this cooking. Good lord their potatoes are like eating potato-laced garlic.
Holy shit THAT'S what that guy is fucking screeching about? I thought half of it was gibberish. AKEN-ZEN-DAI! BETRAY YOUR LOVE WITH A DASH OF REASURRLION
I've had that happen a few times when trying to sell. The biggest ouch is when the player is too low mastery rank for the trade. Makes me very sad. I mean, I lost a sale, and the player is being told they can't even HOLD the components because they are too newb. It's sad for everyone.
But it would take you like three weeks maxing out your trades every day to get all those.
It's likely from some kind of slide-show with notations above it. I.E 'drill the first hole' and then zooms in and shows that little animation played over and over again. And then 'widen the first drill hole' zoom in again and show that happening And then 'clean the hole to prepare for deeper bore' zoom in and show the next step It makes sense if you look at it as a ton of small clips stitched together.
The land of the free^* ^* Terms, conditions, and wealth checks apply
Every now and again my firefox add-ons fuck up, and the only warning I get is that suddenly youtube is fucking UNUSABLE. That's the rude wake-up call chrome users will be in for that are savvy enough to use to use an adblocker but don't keep up with tech news. And when the forums of the internet are inundated with 'wtf why isn't my adblocker working on chrome?' the exodus to firefox and other browsers will be biblical.
I could be in centryclub twice over but I know what kind of person it takes to get 100K+ karma and I probably don't want to spend very long in their presence. My own included.
I've never seen that music video. I only know it from a warframe thing where they recreated the song with a music thing you can do in that game. So I just went and watched the music video and I am extremely, extremely confused.
I do that for my cat and he is getting kinda chonky. Though he was a rescue and had a rough start to life so I want him to be fat and happy.
That's probably old and on the books from a time when lobster washed ashore in drifts 3 feet high. They were fit only for feeding to peasants, and even the peasants didn't want to eat them back then. So feeding prisoners lobsters more than 3 days a week back then would be tantamount to 'mistreating' them. Like feeding them only oatmeal for dinner more than 3 nights a week.
I very much doubt that it will be coming to Steam at all, so that Rancid Pitchfork can continue to sit in his delusional little bubble. &gt;Pitchford acknowledges that publisher 2K and developer Gearbox could have hedged their bets by releasing on both Steam and Epic. But he added that he feels the entire industry will be better served in the long run if Borderlands 3's exclusivity can help make the Epic Games Store competitive with Steam.
&gt; How do they expect to appeal to customers You think they're bribing developers for exclusivity for no reason? Without holding the games hostage for the first six months they wouldn't get any sales period because they *can't* appeal to customers with their shitshow of a launcher.
I tolerate it in 'simulation' games where it makes sense. Like Arma 3. I played a fair amount of King of the Hill and without adjusting any of the settings, a sniper rifle or an lmg *feels* like this giant weight you're swinging around. Conversely, the scorpion 9mm SMG felt like this lightweight snappy thing that responded a lot easier on my character's arms. I'd bust into rooms with the smg and gun down some guy kneeling facing away because he couldn't bring his giant heavy LMg around to point at me before I drew a bead on him. I had much success doing that around corners, through doors, etc. Everyone gravitated towards the larger, heavier calibers for stopping power but it really didn't help them in clunky CQB when my gun was just snappier and more aimable. Also in tanks and whatnot, the high negative mouse acceleration stops people from waving their cannon barrels around like a wacky waving arm inflatable tube man thing whatever it's called. Now, in any game outside 'simulation' games I don't understand why it's there. Arma 2/3 are about the only games I've played where I think it fits.
I put it into google and got the weird 'unedited ending of OA' 'music video' which is a school-shooting scene where everyone is 'saved' by the kids jumping up and... synchronized dancing at the shooter. It's fucking weird. I haven't kept up with music since around 2012, when I went through the top 50 songs of that year and didn't like a single one. I just stopped caring about new music lmao.
No, it was announced as a six-month exclusive for Epic Fail Store, but nowhere in there does it say it will be releasing on Steam. Sure, it would make *sense* for them to release it on Steam after the six-month exclusive period, but regarding Rancid Pitchfork's recent comments, it seems like common fucking sense is in short supply over there. https://www.windowscentral.com/will-borderlands-3-be-steam
Let us buy Vay Hek as a voice for 100 plat and all of that effort will honestly pay for itself.
I'm sure people thought that about travelling to the moon literally a hundred years ago, too.
&gt; From that point, imagine being born with that kind of chemistry from birth. You are perpetually hallucinating. You'd be eaten. Natural selection does not look kindly upon things that do not have a firm grasp of the world around them. And natural selection is a rule with far-reaching consequences. The concept of DNA passing on its own information from one generation to another is the basis for *everything* we know to be life, from the largest organisms to the smallest. One could argue that life itself is defined as a vehicle for which to spread genetic information. That's what all life has in common. And the spread of genetic information, on every scale, competes. Only the 'best' DNA makes it through to pass itself on. On the micro scale and on the macro. On the micro scale, it might be faster. It might erect walls meaning the other DNA vehicles can't get through. It might actively harm the other DNA vehicles. The same thing on the macro scale. Entities eat each other. Things that don't survive long enough to reach sexual maturity don't pass on their DNA, etc etc. Natural selection is a rule that is endemic to every single concept of life as we know it. And if you have a creature that lives in a psychedelic haze, it's a genetic dead end. It's not connected with its natural senses and it WILL be destroyed so that something more fitted to survival can take its place. Psychedelic hazes are not conducive to survival. If you want the REAL acid trip, go look at the concept of life on the fifth and sixth planes of existence. *That* is completely alien and incapable of understanding to our minds.
It just boggles my mind that people think that these stupid fucking monkeys on this rock in space are the only ones that 'made it'. Like... how conceited is that idea? We're not special.
I'm more interested in how he only has an ass theoretically. I mean look at it! He looks like when you stuff two sticks down a pair of jeans to make a pair of jeans look convincing only to passing crows.
Next time, just make something slightly sour that can cover up spice, and add this to it: https://www.wildfirechilli.com.au/carolina-reaper-powder.html Carolina reaper is the spiciest pepper in the world. It has a scoville unit rating of 1-3 million. That's about as strong as the pepper spray police use to subdue protestors. It's fucking toxic. Spike your own food with it at random intervals and it'll stop getting stolen right quick. And when the room mate can't feel their mouth for several hours afterwards it's very hard for them to deny exactly what they took. And you can have an air of deniability by doing this. 'I like the heat. If you don't like it, stop stealing my fucking food' etc. Because spiking your food with cum or piss or whatever could land you in legal trouble, I'm sure. And there's no plausible deniability. 'I like to eat my own cum sometimes'. https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/2u4hy2/legality_of_cumming_in_food_after_roommate_keeps/ The carolina reaper pepper can be something you personally enjoy and it's not your fault if someone takes it and consumes it.
And pretty fucking easy to see why. Don't like facebook? Don't use it. Don't like twitter? Don't use it. Don't like google? Use duck duck go. Don't like chrome? Use firefox. Don't like GDocs? Use a free microsoft office-like program. Don't like youtube? Use Liveleak, twitch, vimeo, pornhub, fucking ad nauseum. Don't like AT&amp;T or Verizon? **Don't use the fucking internet**. It is blatantly obvious to everyone which of these is an actual 'monopoly'. Hint: It's the one you can't choose not to use and doesn't have any viable replacement.
Because even with a shitty infrastructure I'm not forced to use one specific ISP. I have a choice. I mean, if you don't care about having any choices, I hope you're really pleased with your Verizon, AT&amp;T, or Comcast connection, because sure as fuck you're not going to get something different without moving residence.
I, too, am an alt-right nazi: https://www.politicalcompass.org/chart?ec=-5.88&amp;soc=-4.0 Though tbh I did have some questions I never even considered before so I didn't know whether to agree or disagree so just picked at random whatever sounded best to me. I just want the gays to be able to adopt children while smoking weed and buying M16s from a safe store while waving hello to their immigrant neighbors.
&gt;After the blaze, South Fulton police arrested one of Cranick's sons, Timothy Allen Cranick, on an aggravated assault charge If that was my family and my pets it would have been a fucking murder charge.
He's the type of guy that guffaws like an idiot and upvotes people posting 'nice' twenty fucking times in a row like it's the clever new thing.
&gt; Mechwarrior 5 - 90% chance They have pre-orders with a page stating that they will be given a steam code. https://mw5mercs.com/faq#question-1-6 &gt;The Community Edition Pre-Order program will provide you with a key to the Steam version of MechWarrior 5: Mercenaries Reneging on that would involve either a class-action lawsuit for false advertisement (very clear cut in this case), or doing the same bullshit the developers of Metro Exodus did, which hasn't gone well for them and made the majority of people hate them. I'd say there's closer to a 10% chance of Mechwarrior 5 going 'exclusive'. There's been enough pushback against this shit by now that developers and publishers know that pulling this shit is the quickest way to alienate your audience *and* their wallets. Going Epic exclusive is one thing, but going exclusively-cancer *after* offering/advertising pre-orders on steam or for steam is straight up suicide from a PR standpoint.
No one I've seen in any of the comment sections has pointed out that this game looks a LOT of Prince of Persia. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhmsMi-tOco Good to see that this game has a combat system comparable to a game released 15 years ago.
In HTML coding, you place something like, say, italics, by putting in tags that go &lt;i&gt; and then &lt;/i&gt; So to make 'this sentence is italics' in italics you would put &lt;i&gt;this sentence is italics&lt;/i&gt; So when people put '/s' they are implying that the previous sentence was entirely in 's', which is shorthand for 'sarcasm'. '/s' means literally 'end sarcasm'
That feel when you want to pick up the kuva item right next to the tower but you activate the tower instead even though you were standing DIRECTLY ON TOP OF THE GODDAMN DROPPED ITEM
God yes I tried to solo extract from that new mission type and it was flat-out impossible. I had to stand completely in the open with zero cover and if I strafed from than a few metres I would step out of the zone, and half of the enemies in the ENTIRE MAP were spawning directly next to me, including all of the goddamn new hybrid enemies and even KEY CARRIERS. Sixty seconds of this shit against level 40-50 enemies?!
Very easy, you can't see it because it happened in first-person, but as the woman was pushed backwards, she pivoted to the left and her motion made her step to the right, creating distance between the woman and the man. But what you didn't see was their models collide for a second, she would have hit his right arm. This causes npcs to attack each other. I had quite a few laughs sprinting and jumping at npcs that walk past the cop station where two cops are almost on the sidewalk. I watched one woman fall down hard and her hand slapped an officer's boot, and he pivoted, drew his gun, and put three rounds in her chest before she could even stand up.
Making a female the lead wasn't 'hamfisted'. It was the *execution* of literally everything about her that was as hamfished as a boxing match against Porky Pig. Female lead: No fucking problem. Mary Sue learn-the-force-with-no-training lightsaber-fighting-with-no-training millenium-falcon-stealing trained-by-luke-skywalker-for-exactly-four-seconds mind-trick-performing-without-prior-knowledge better-at-fixing-starships-than-the-guy-who-spent-his-life-on-it bland-ass boring *cunt* of a character is a hundred thousand times worse than 'this is a female'. If Rey was a competently-written character then the amount people complaining about her being female would have been utterly negligible, and would have been summarily dismissed, as they should have been. But the issues with the character begin and end with the 99% of her fucking body that isn't her vagina or her tits. Stop pretending like that shitshow is predicated on her having a twat and not on her *being* a massive twat.
Pre-ordering a game before a single second of gameplay is released certainly does. No sarcasm at all. Seriously. We've seen pre-animated trailers. That's it. Nobody knows what the actual game is going to be like outside of 'fps'. That runs a gradient from Arma to fucking Red Faction and Doom. Why would anyone pro\e-order before seeing *any* gameplay?
I love Keanu Reaves, I respect CDPR and will most likely buy Cyberpunk day 1, but I do not understand people frothing at the mouth to pre-order a game of which there is not a single second of gameplay shown yet. That shit is bananas.
Maybe this will be the one that finally pisses people off enough to take the developers and publishers to court. Funding a game on false promises and then refusing refunds seems like a pretty clear-cut case of fraud.
Is there a video of the announcement? I wanna see if they got booed off the fucking stage. Also, I think this is pretty clear grounds for a class-action lawsuit since they engaged in what is basically fraud and deliberate false-advertisement and are unwilling to give a refund based on their shitty fucking decisions.
Demand a refund and if you paid by credit card and it was 'recent' I'm sure you can get the charges reversed on account of blatant false advertisement/fraud.
I don't understand how the companies are willing to trade short-term profits for what is essentially committing suicide. Epic is walking up with a fucking samurai sword and saying 'hey, if you commit seppuku, I'll give you a million dollars'. And they keep fucking taking it. Taking that short-term money and pissing off their fanbase in the process ensuring that their companies will fold because nobody wants to buy their shitty bait-and-switch products any more.
Eh, RDR2 is 100+ on my xbone. GTA V is 85 gigs.
There's a pretty good thread of all their bullshit on /r/fuckepic but I can't link it because then the bot would remove it instantly. Just sort by 'gilded' and it should be right near the top, called 'r/fuckepic for dummies'
That's not how false advertising works though. If at any point during the time when new pledges were being made, 'steam' was listed as the distribution platform or a 'requirement', then that implies pretty clearly that it's releasing on steam. No reasonable person would claim after the fact 'we didn't promise it on steam' because they fucking *listed* Steam as a requirement for playing the game. In fact, if they hadn't listed steam as a requirement and then chose steam as the sole distribution then that is also false advertisement, but more 'omission' than outright lying. Promising a physical-only copy and then releasing purely through steam would be the same. By having steam listed on their page *at all* they have advertised it as being available on steam. It's like if you created a new coffee brewing system that listed 'Stedson coffee maker' in the requirements for use. People who have a Stedson would use it, and people who don't want to use Stedson would not bother with it. But then when you've finished funding this coffee system that *requires Stedson* you say 'oh actually this doesn't require Stedson, in fact, we specifically made it so it will NOT work with Stedson'. That's fucking false advertisement.
And I'm getting conflicting reports from others that claim it was in the 'requirements'. The 'official minimum requirements' list steam as one of them. And they had a steam forum page up for the game for discussion, created by Ynet themselves. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ysnet/shenmue-3/posts/2214421 &gt;Additional Info: Requires Steam Client to activate.
Yeah because they might have underestimated the size of the game or how much RAM is needed to run it. Changing the minimum specs from 2 gig to 4 gig isn't a bait and switch whereas 'lol we're epic now' is a pretty fucking big leap.
I had a very traumatic experience with a needle being threaded through my palm and into a tendon and it was so godawful that I'm irrationally afraid of needles now. I know the flu shot doesn't hurt. You barely even feel it. Hell, I almost laughed when the nurse said 'Okay almost ready to begin' and internally I was like 'yeah except I felt you insert the needle a few seconds ago you fucking *liar*!' but now I can't even get that done. I suddenly understand irrational fears because of it. Like. I know it's not going to hurt and it's a slight pinch and all of that but my lizard brain is screaming internally and thrashing against the walls of its cage going 'NO. BAD. STOP. NO.'
Unfortunately that's about the long and short of it. The more eyes on it and the more backers, and the more rabid the fanbase, the more likely they are to face legal action. I mean, Phenix Point did this shit but there weren't enough people to care, I guess. If a game like, say, Star Citizen tried this shit they'd have to create a waiting list specifically for incoming lawsuits. People just haven't cared enough yet to take a stand and go through all the trouble to take the developer to court. I'm thinking 'most successful game kickstarter ever' might be enough though.
I don't think Steam CAN adopt the same tactics. Let me preface by saying that I think people who use the words 'monopoly' to describe steam are fucking *morons* whose education was clearly severely lacking in critical thinking skills, *but* *Legally*, the argument can very well be made that if Steam were to take predatory action against Epic, the very same actions that Epic are currently doing towards Steam, they would be either a cartel or a functional monopoly forcing out 'competition'. Even though what Epic is doing isn't fucking competition either, in the same sense that one building selling coke and another building selling pepsi isn't competition. Yeah, they're both 'soft drink' but fuck if they're comparable. Steam holds a dominant market share. Any attempts by them to turn Epic's own playbook against them would put them in anti-trust territory. steam is doing all that they can do, *legally*, which is to let the epic cancer be cancerous and let the consumers realise that, while steam just continues doing their own thing. Epic cannot touch Steam. All they can do is bribe away games and piss off the consumers, and that is the exact wrong way to build a customer base.
Epic will be legally air-tight, sure. But Epic aren't the ones who are going to be sued.
God I wish they'd look into the shit Epic is doing. Paying a developer specifically not to publish on another platform is textbook fucking not acceptable.
Thank you for your service! As an Australian I don't have much recourse for anything like that unless I'm involved in one of the issues. I don't preorder, and I don't back games. So all I can do is hope.
Netflix's subtitles are absolute SHIT. Makes watching something like Behind Enemy Lines almost unwatchable because the spoken Russian isn't subtitled. So you turn on closed captions. And it's all just [Speaking Russian]. Like, fucking, THANKS FOR THAT.
This is such a wide shot that it's like... Like imagine if a dragon was flying in the fucking sky and some random cunt on a rocking ship on the ocean managed to peg it out of the sky with an old-timey ballista. Three times in a ro-oh wait
Goddamn I think I can only respond one way to this, if true: **FUCK EPIC**
And since it was the only viable option for PC release then it would be taken as unspoken agreement that it would be released on steam. You can't have it both ways.
I'm more upset that it looks so... *painfully* scripted. Pre-animated trailers are one thing, but this looks like back-to-back-to-back-to-back quicktime events like a Telltale game with all of the choices locked out except the single ones that the developer wants you to take. God I hope the actual release isn't like that. Because the trailer looks like the opening mission of MGS5. Two seconds of you moving a character and then control wrested away for another setpiece to explode.
But the times we are in now are not the times they were in. If I backed a game now 'coming to digital stores at release' and they released on 'Hyper Games'(A brand new gaming platform that doesn't exist right now), *exclusively*, then you could definitely say that it is false advertisement. Because at the time of backing 'digital storefronts' meant Steam, Epic, GOG, etc. If you pay someone to make you a beef burger in four years time, they don't get to say 'times change' and then give you Beyond Meat vegan burger and then tell you to fuck off when you ask for a refund. By your own admission, Steam was the only available digital distribution network at the time. So it was taken as fact that it would release there. So making a swap to exclusively sell on a store that wasn't even a storefront when the backing was open, is misleading in the extreme. It's like you buy into a company that is developing real estate, and in ten years time, you'll get a pre-fabbed house that is pretty fucking fancy. So ten years go by, and we've started developing shit on the moon. And the company says 'well, it's cheaper to build on the moon so the house you backed is on the moon. Enjoy it! **TIMES CHANGE**'. 'Times change' is not an acceptable response for bait and switching. Especially not with denying refunds and not even *surveying* backers about if they'd be fine with this change.
No, they *showed gameplay*. Hulk running along the beam, Iron man flying at one point, Thor aiming his hammer. I'm like 98% certain that those points in the game were player-controlled. But they lasted all of 2 seconds, literally, before going back to pre-animated in-game cutscenes.
&gt;Lol exclusive distribution agreements are 100% legal. Not after you promised or advertised something different, they're not.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Oh here it is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4hNaFkbZYU just ignore the whinging prick in the description.
They're working on the biggest franchise in the world. Period. There is nothing bigger than it. They can fucking hire some more people. They can hire three *thousand* people for a couple months whose sole job is to update the pokemon models and bring them forwards to new generations. *They can do that*. It wouldn't even eat into their profits. It would be half of a single percent. They're going to actually lose money *hand over fist* just because they made the boneheaded decision to arbitrarily *pick* which pokemon we're going to get every game. They could have hired those few thousand people for a couple months and it wouldn't have effected their bottom line and now they've gone and done this shit and it's going to effect their bottom line in a huge way.
They're running the most profitable franchise in history. Period. They've made more money off pokemon than any other *thing* in the history of ever. They can fucking hire a few thousand people to make the 3d models and animations for the games. Anything else is over-conceited indolence.
I'm not hardcore. I'm casual af. I don't even like doing the battle towers. But holy fuck am I ropeable with this news. I'm not going to be going to google every single time a new game is released looking to see which of my favorites have been excluded in favour of some garbage pokemon like trubbish (literal garbage) or a vanilla ice cream cone, or a set of keys someone lost, or a fucking *ratatta* or bidoof or something. The tagline of pokemon is 'gotta catch em all' and every single game has been about freely taking *your* pokemon where you want them. Collecting pokemon is the *fucking point*. And they've just cut that off at the knees and then to top it off 'you can't collect pokemon as you'd like to in future, either'. Like what, my ninetales and arcanine will languish in Pokemon Home for years at a time because someone at game freak decided that this generation wasn't their time to be let out? *Fuck* that. Competitive hardcore players are the ones who *shouldn't* be bothered by this because their choice of pokemon is purely stat and move based. They don't give a fuck what it *looks* like or what its history is or if they've had it since pokemon silver back on the 3ds. It's the casual players who are getting screwed by this decision. I'm legit skipping this game. I'm out. I'll come back for sword and shield 2 when they perform a rectal excavation and hopefully remove their heads from their asses. The people in charge of the largest franchise *in history* have the resources to hire enough people to do whatever the hell they want. And catering to the fans should be absolute first thing they do. This is the absolute opposite of that.
&gt;Lots of people on arguing “the whole point is to play with new pokemon, try different things, don’t stick to favourites!” And they found a way to do that. By restricting you to trading outside of approved pokemon until you finished the game. This move is nothing short of sheer conceited indolence and any arguments for it are reaching *hard*. They're game freak. They're in charge of the most profitable franchise in history. They have the resources to get this shit done if they want to.
I'm only giving them my money after they perform a rectal excavation of their own heads.
Well fuck. That's depressing :/
Huh, I guess you couldn't. I was sure you could take your pokemon from the older games over to Ruby and Sapphire... I remember something to that effect, with plugging that giant cartridge into the bottom of a gameboy advance and having it stick out like a full inch. I must be misremembering. Still, you could have pokemon that are 17 years old now, since Sapphire and Ruby came out in 2002.
Don't worry, they want you to buy ANOTHER version of pokebank, too! That will work with pokebank and pokemon go and pokemon sword and shield! And act as a prison for all your pokemon to sit in since at least half of them won't be able to be transferred to Galar and that's the only place they can leave their 'home' from. Pokemon Home? More like Pokemon House Arrest.
Dexter, most likely. He mentions it offhand to one of his victims I believe. If it wasn't Dexter, it was some other show I watched recently. I tried googling it (and subsequently I am DEFINITELY on a list now) but can't find anything about it. But I KNOW I watched something recently that listed death by insulin overdose as something that no coroner would bother looking for. *edit* Found it. 'The show reveals to the viewer that Rudy murdered Driscoll with an injection of insulin designed to mimic a heart attack.[13]' Dexter's father was murdered by insulin overdose and the coroner mistook it for a simple heart attack. Now as to whether or not it's *actually* untraceable depends on how much stock you put in the explanations of TV shows lol
Yeah I managed to find it eventually. Every single search for 'cyberpunk 2077 gameplay' just returns articles showing *nothing* but buried on like page THREE was the gameplay demo from like seven months ago. So all of the pre-orders seem a bit less *bananas* to me..
And to the people that have kept pokemon for **seventeen fucking years** all the way since Sapphire and Ruby.
I hope it ends well for you! CDPR have only ever done Witcher games and Cyberpunk 2077 is a big leap up from that gameplay. Mind you, the combat was the worst thing in The Witcher so maybe going shootery-fun-times instead will be better. I'm hoping that the game will be like the experience Deus Ex keeps promising and COMPLETELY UNDER-DELIVERING EVERY FUCKING TIME.
I just want to use the OG berry mixing machine to make pokeblocks. Where you had to use times button presses to make it spin up faster and make smoother blocks. Back when I played, the internet and pokemon wasn't a thing, but imagine making pokeblocks with people from around the world in the comfort of your own home. And then feeding the blocks to your pokemon in pokemon amie? But nah, we gotta make an entire new battle system for those people who are really weirdly into vore and macro.
&gt;I understand ... Game Freaks predicament I don't. If it's about manpower? They have resources that could rival a small nation. They can hire some extra people. They are running the single most profitable franchise in history. A franchise with the tagline 'gotta catch em all'. Every single game, stretching back 20 years, has had all pokemon catchable in the mainline installments. Not enough time? I'm sorry, but no. Again, they can hire more people. Furthermore, they're copy-pasting models from previous games. They specifically made the models *future proof* so that they *could* use them in future games. Too much work? *NOPE*. We've seen battles, we've seen the overworld. They've done *nothing*. Scorbunny, a *starter pokemon*, ostensibly one of the ones that will have the most work done on it, considering 33% of players are going to end up using it, has attack animations that are a hitched .3 second bounce in the air with one leg slightly lifted. So 'we spent a lot of time making these pokemon more expressive' sure is looking like an outright lie. Battle animations look like shit. Or more accurately, they look exactly the same as they have for the last six years. 'Balance'? u wot m8? The company that released *mega rayquaza*? Not to mention they already solved the 'balance' problem in previous games by having the ability to import pokemon only work *after* finishing the story mode. So in short. Manpower reasons? Crock of shit. Hire more people. Time constraints? I'm sorry, but *hire more people* or don't release a half-finished game until it's actually finished. 'We really worked hard on these new animations for the pokemon that DID make it!' Yeah no. We've seen the 'hard work' and it is functionally identical to the previous *three generations*. The complaints are 'one-sided' because *none of what gamefreak is saying makes any fucking sense* and is *demonstrably* bullshit. Especially given that they're using future-proofed pokemon models *that already exist* and apparently haven't even added any extra bloody animations to them. They had *walking cycles* programmed for them in previous generations! And the ENTIRE EIGHT HUNDRED POKEMON! If you 'understand gamefreak's predicament' then please, stay away from MLM schemes because, no offense, you are incredibly gullible.
Which is easily solved by doing the same thing they did in previous games: not allowing you to trade in non-Galar pokemon until you finish the story. They're making up a problem *they already solved* to justify this bullshit. It's like if you invited someone over for dinner and they said 'ah shit sorry I can't come I don't have enough coal to run the steam engine long enough to get there'.
MLM is multi-level marketing. It's a scam system designed to prey on people who don't know any better. Starts with lies, ends with lies. Etc. Gamefreak has no argument for what they've done. None. Everything they've said, from balance (they already fixed that in previous games) to not enough time (they have enough money to hire a thousand people for three months to work SOLELY on pokemon animations and models and it wouldn't even 0.3% of their quarterly profits for a slow year) to 'wanting to put more effort in to the pokemon that DO come over (completely bs because we've seen the effort. It is functionally and seemingly literally nothing except for the giant-pokemon gimmick, and if they're cutting the roster of pokemon down for a gimmick then they seriously need to restructure their entire company). So saying the arguments are 'one sided' is a bit off, mate. What argument is there in the 'middle ground'? I'd be *very* interested to hear an argument on why the people in charge of the most profitable franchise in history should be forgiven for rushing out a mainline *pokemon* game with the most crucial thing (the pokemon *themselves*) missing.
It doesn't have to make sense or be possible. These people literally think that adults are just giant children who are just high-functioning monkeys somehow. Like over here in Australia if you have someone in a video game take a drug and it NOT be seen as a bad thing, your game gets banned, because it's 'glorifying drugs'. It's fucking retarded. Saints Row 4 got banned here originally because of a scene where characters take alien drugs that pump them up and turn them into superheroes.
It's not like games about chasing a small ball around a field are so popular that they just re-release the same game every fucking year with updated rosters and are still raking in the cas-OH WAIT
&gt;Good thing nobody is talking about any other cases and we have specific enough information in this case to condemn the bullshit police union rules. So let's break the established rules and protocols in place to protect the innocent because we totally have enough evidence this time. If a cop did that you'd be calling for his head. You get *your* head out of your ass and get over yourself. You don't break the established rules and regulations 'because we totally know for sure this time u guiz'. Cops accused of crimes are placed on administrative leave until they're proven guilty by a court of law and that's how the system *works*. *Nobody* gets to change the rules 'because we totally know for sure this time u guiz'. That's the entire fucking point of an impartial justice system. Pretending like that should be changed in specific cases for *any* reason is the kind of logic crooked cops and politicians use to plant evidence, and undermines the entire *concept* of a justice system. Why the fuck would anyone with a functioning bran and critical thinking skills argue to undermine the concept of a justice system. smfh
And as someone already said, coerced confessions are a thing. So let's just throw out all protection against coerced confessions or a slip of the tongue or anything like that because someone already on his way out and *no longer a functioning part of the police force* isn't going out fast enough for *you*. Yeah, okay.
You came *so close* to self-awareness right there. So fucking close. You even made a specific example of someone who was falsely accused of murder, thereby underlining my point of *due fucking process*. You think the unions have these regulations in place to protect crooked cops? They have them there to protect innocent officers from getting fucked over a bramble patch because they were only *accused* of a crime without being convicted. And right now, the dude is only *accused*. So the Stephen Avery's on the police force shouldn't be protected by a union from having their careers ruined because this one motherfucker isn't going out quick enough for you? Okay Nostradamus.
And if it comes to light that this guy is fired, and then hired at another police force, then you'd have an avenue to complain. But that's not your problem here. Your problem is specifically 'this cop isn't fired immediately in contravention of union regulations'. I'm gonna keep bringing these goalposts back to exactly where you started with them.
And they're in charge of the most profitable franchise ever. They can hire three thousand artists and animators for three months and it won't even be 0.3% of the profits in a slow fiscal quarter for them. Unless this decision is reversed it's going to cause a bloody lot more than a 0.3% dent in their profits.
So they could outsource and hire three thousand people for three months to work it all out. It would be less than 0.3% of their profits from a SLOW fiscal year to do so.
Oh neat, can you just trade someone for it or do you have to farm it yourself? I only ask because it's not on warframe.market.
Hmm, I been a bit shy on trying it since the original spider fight was *awful* and nigh on unplayable when it first came out, as were the eidolons, but the most recent spider was aight so I guess I'll go give it a go!
I find that to be a promising response. Because old mate was clearly knowing EXACTLY what he was doing going forwards. He used unambiguous language and stated very specifically what was going to happen. A DAY later, when this guy is asked about it, he says 'we can't give you an answer to that right now'. Going from 'fuck no we're not doing that' to 'we can't talk about it right now' within a day's time for a massive corporation shows that they are *scrambling* behind the scenes to try and figure out what they can do to try and stem the backlash. They are no doubt discussing it behind closed doors right now. Now, if anything comes of it is another thing entirely. Thankfully, it doesn't seem like this backlash is dying down *at all* so the chances of them working out a way to fix it is going up with every day this fervor continues.
Yeah everyone knows that the final most complete quality update happens *after the final versions are already sent off to the manufacturing facilities in preparation of being coded into the bloody cartridges*.
I think there's confusion when people frame it as 'national dex'. Some of the previous games didn't have a national dex. But they still allowed you to trade those pokemon to it. The national dex isn't the problem. It's the fact that a bunch of pokemon won't be allowed in the game *at all*. *That* is why there is so many dislikes floating around.
I showed up at a school hostel a day early and it wasn't open. It was 1AM and I didn't want to wake anyone around (crazy bus times in outback australia) and I just decided to sleep on the bare concrete in the front entryway like a fucking homeless person. Had a thin blanket and used my backpack as a pillow. Slept like a baby. Can't sleep on a bus though, no matter what I do lol
Same reason they didn't want to enter the hallway. Him standing up would have put him in between the officers and the door, blocking their line of sight and line of fire. The obvious solution would have been to have him stand and walk down the left side of the hallway so as not to obstruct line of fire (it was perfectly fine for the woman with him to walk down the hallway) but I guess the dickhead yelling orders wouldn't get enough of a power trip that way?
I don't like charizard. There I said it. I actually prefer the aesthetics of Charmeleon. Charizard looks TOO cartoony and just... off, to me. Like dragonite, actually. I don't like dragonite *or* charizard but I love charmeleon and dragonair.
VERY surprised Zoroark wasn't it. Man at 159 votes it didn't even come close. Wtf is volcarona and why does everyone like it so much?
Your argument brings up strong points
That one motherfucker who rejected Hitler's application to join the fine art academy.
Dragonair should have evolved into something like Milotic!
I dind't get ultra sun or moon because I didn't feel it was enough of a difference to the originals, so skipping games isn't a big thing for me. And if the game arbitrarily has less pokemon? Yeah, I'm gonna skip it. Same reason I haven't gotten Let's Go eevee yet, because it only has 150 pokemon.I mean, that's part of the 'remake' aspect, but still. I have so many favorites spread across so many generations that not having them with me kind of ruins the endgame experience for me. I'm not gonna boycott the games so much as make a decision *not* to purchase them, because they don't have the features I've come to exp from twenty years of pokemon games. That is to say, the *pokemon*.
&gt;Doesn’t it seem wrong to be up in arms about the fact that you can’t transfer an Audino to Sword/Shield? Considering that the history of these games going back 20 years is 'gotta catch em all' and the entire *point* of pokemon is to 'collect all the pokemon', I'm gonna say that's a pretty resounding **NO**
And the other side of the coin is that even if all of your favorites make it into this game, they're almost definitely not going to make it into the next one.
But still showed a scene of it in the original pokemon opening lol
Oh damn I'm in Australia and need air conditioning to survive. This map says I'm a bad person lmao Though I don't understand what 'carbon intensity' is.
&gt;Beautiful butterfly-thing https://i0.wp.com/factslegend.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/mayfly.png?w=1080&amp;ssl=1 NOPE That looks like some shit that would come out of the The Mist.
I won't buy it UNTIL it has all the pokemon. If they never release a game again that has all the pokemon in it, then pokemon Sun will have been my very last mainline pokemon game. I will buy ultra sun or ultra moon before I purchase Sword or Shield.
A fucking sword. A really shitty sword, actually. Stainless steel, badly-produced, not even sharp.It's REAL mall-ninja shit, and I only have it in arm's reach because I was watching the trailer for this GODAWFUL movie that looks so gloriously stupid that I have to fucking watch it, called 'Velocipastor' about a priest who was cursed and can turn into a fucking velociraptor and eat bad people. And ninjas. But at one point in the trailer, he held up this fucking sword. And I had a moment of 'HOLY SHIT I OWN THAT'. https://i.imgur.com/4UEpCpn.jpg So it's gonna be an interesting robbery to be sure.
1v1 rust quickscope only
&gt;In those states a 16 year old can screw a 90 year old if they wish. See this is what I don't get about all these 'protect the children' laws. So a 16 year old can legally get bukakke'd in an alleyway by a fucking football team and the owner of the football team. No crime has been committed. But. You take the same girl, woman, whatever you want to call her, and it's not legal for her to purchase a video of two people fucking? And then if you took a video of her doing these legal sex acts then it's actually child pornography and illegal pretty much everywhere? Just. Fuck it all feels so completely arbitrary.
Fuck I hated fighting trainers with snorlax in the games simply because they were such a bloated hp tank that it took longer to down than the rest of the enemy team put together. And then you finally whittle it down to red health and FULL RESTORE BITCHES!
I know people RAGING that the first 'block' of the game covers about 2-3 hours of the original storyline and supposedly lasts 30-40 hours in this new release? I never played FF7 so I don't have anything to go off, but that amount of stretching and bloating is not a good sign.
The instant I opened that news article, I had one thought: MY POTIONS ARE TOO STRONG FOR YOU TRAVELLER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bB0yIR5Tq0I
Indeed, you're doing a decent job! :D Just a shame that aboriginal culture is so... disparate. Different tribes have different beliefs and different legends, etc, even different languages! I'd do what you're doing now, just stick to the big, most well-known ones that have the broadest knowledge about them. I've spoken to some elders and been to some sites before and an interesting part of the culture you might want to include is what I'd call the 'sanctity' of the land. I was talking with an elder and he was regaling me with a story about how he and his mates were out in the bush and got too close to a fucking bunyip (no bullshit, he legit told me this) but one thing that kind of stuck with me was when he said 'if you kick a rock there you best fucking roll it back'. As in, the land on sacred sites should never be disturbed. If you move a rock, you should pick it up and return it to the exact spot you moved it from or you risk angering the native spirits/gods/creation-demons/mother-nature/what-have-you. It's pretty common knowledge that Aboriginal-created sites, like stone circles and the like, shouldn't be touched, but I never read anything about natural sites, be they spiritual, evil or what have you, also falling under the same rules of 'do not disturb at any cost'.
Fuck if I'll ever watch a sci-fi show from Fox without eight seasons already produced because I KNOW they'll just fucking cancel it.
I kept trying to pick it up but around the time I unlocked most of the maps it just became fetch quests with no direction. I'm all for open worlds, but there needs to be a solid direction to take and not just 'uhhh go do stuff I guess'. Divinity 2 is the perfect example of an 'open' game with direction. You can go do whatever the fuck you want but you will be dragged kicking and screaming back to the critical path once you venture too far. Which is perfect!
Linked from another sub and the comment section is filled with eighteen different people all calling everyone 'bootlicker'. Hmmm, I wonder if these two events are related.
I don't think so. I think it's the other way around. Like a month late with this shit but maybe you'll see it, who knows We know from various snippets in there that Orcus feeds on grief.His modus operandi (as shown with Sonny Shores) is to build someone up to maximum fame and then kill them. It's implied he did this to Lincoln, JFK, etc. The 'imaginary friends' are shown to just... disappear when children stop believing in them. When they lose their innocence, etc. Even *god himself* says that he might not be too long for this world. I think that the imaginary friends and Orcus are manifestations of Old Gods. They derive their power from people believing in them (and Orcus gets his from strife and death somehow). So instead of Orcus being an imaginary friend, he's an Old God who gains power through a different method than these other Old Gods. Orcus is strife and death, misery, war etc. Whereas the 'imaginary friends' are love, happiness, innocence, purity. And the more people believe in them, the stronger the Old Gods become. That's why Happy is able to charm the entire corridor of people immediately after a second person sees him. He's able to go into that woman's ear and shout at her to wake her up. He's able to unlock the door by manipulating the pins completely by accident, etc. If Orcus 'evolved' from being an imaginary friend, he'd already know about them all. But when he met Happy he had *no fucking idea* what he was dealing with except that it had similar powers to his own. So yeah, I'm putting my money down on 'old gods' instead of them being evolved imaginary friends.
I think they're furiously discussing it behind the scenes or burying their heads in the sands and 'waiting for the storm to pass'. Those are the only two possible options. And at this point I deduce that they've got their heads buried in the sand. Because they KNOW this is a huge issue. If they had a plan to fix it, all they'd have to do is announce it and the vast majority of the community would forgive them. If they pledged to add back the other pokemon further down the line with a patch, that would be enough for me. It would be enough for most everybody. It would mollify this entire thing. The most simple response to fix all this and *they haven't done shit*.
You ever call your nuke in and watch the enemy team just evaporate? 'Tactical nuke inbound!' and then everyone leaves the match.
Got a source for that?
Yeah 'no decision' as in they haven't confirmed or denied one way or another. One of them was asked about it directly and said 'we haven't made a decision'. Which is very carefully *not* saying that they're not going to patch it in. 'No decision' is not the same as 'we have no plans to'. It means they're still deciding.
Yeah, I understand why it would cause some confusion. It was phrased very carefully to say 'we have not made a decision about that yet' and was the day AFTER the Great Galar Immigration Wall fiasco started so it was very, very carefully worded to not give an answer either way.
Bullets fired *straight up* won't kill, because once it hits the zenith (the top of the flight path) the bullet essentially stops in the air for a moment, and it destabilizes and wobbles, tumbling back to earth. Think of like, someone throwing a spear. If you throw it straight up, it'll start spinning and just cartwheel down to earth. It loses lots of speed, the point doesn't hit first, it's generally shitty. But if you throw that spear in a parabolic arc, it will lose a lot of momentum due to air resistance, but when it hits the ground it's going to be point-first and retaining a LOT of its momentum. Enough to kill. Bullets are the same way. So if you're going to celebrate, aim your gun directly upwards. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celebratory_gunfire#Falling-bullet_injuries &gt;In Puerto Rico, about two people die and about 25 more are injured each year from celebratory gunfire on New Year's Eve, the CDC says.[5] Between the years 1985 and 1992, doctors at the King/Drew Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, treated some 118 people for random falling-bullet injuries. Thirty-eight of them died.[6] You can't argue with cold hard facts. The shit kills.
I can't find the specific example but I know that someone, somewhere, has had a bullet traced back to them and been charged with murder for 'celebratory gunfire'.
Seriously next time you've got your grubby mits on a cat, gently grasp the hindleg and work a finger between the pads of the foot, and scritch gently along the inside of the pawpads. Felines have this instinctual response to that, in which they streeeeetch out their toes. I do it to my cat sometimes because fleas love to get in that space, but it's also just fun to give a cat a foot massage.
&gt;Stop saying we are getting less Pokémon than a 3DS game or DS game. No megas. So right there we're getting less pokemon. And I mean, it's not like we have a statement made by spokespersons from Game Freak that pokemon that aren't in the Galar Dex won't be able to be tranferred and used in Sword or Shield. So what's more likely here: That pokemon are going to be cut as they've said, OR That the largest franchise in the history of the world made a statement that pokemon not in the Galar dex won't be available to be transferred but the Galax Dex actually contains all of the old pokemon and THE LARGEST FRANCHISE IN THE WORLD just let their community remain on fire for two weeks without clearing up a little misunderstanding Because for there to be more pokemon in Sword and Shield than there are in the 3DS games, the latter has to be true.
There is no WoW sub thread on this. I guess the mods deleted it. &gt;'Thank you for your submission wung. It has been removed from /r/wow because: &gt;No real-world politics. &gt;This is NOT an automated removal.' /r/WoW mods confirmed for cocksuckers.
The Deep Field shots are 'pictures' taken of a mostly empty span of space at a spot in the night sky that is 1/14,000,000th of the night sky. If you hold a pin up at arm's length, the head of the pin is about the same size as the picture. Those indistinct, yellow blobs that are kinda blurry in the image are actual stars. But everything else in that image, every single scrap of colour you can kind of see in the distance, is a galaxy. Not a star, a *galaxy*. That image is just the Hubble Telescope looking into the distance in *one fourteen MILLIONTH* of the night sky, and it shows thousands of galaxies. So take that image, multiply it by fourteen million, and that's what is around us at all times. Just endless galaxies stretching from here to to forever. Every point of light in that image, every distinct splash of colour is a different galaxy, comprised of billions of stars each, and the entire imagine isn't even a millionth of what is out there. As far as we understand, you could take that picture from anywhere in the observable universe. Just get a big telescope, look into the sky, and one of those tiny specks of light in the distance could be *us*, *our* galaxy. *That* is what you're looking at in this image. You're glimpsing the *infinity* of space.
We had roads like that here in Australia. I was proper bogan when I was younger and walked around bare-foot. When it got to 35+ the road would bubble and melt and I'd enjoy walking over the tar bubbles and having them pop against my feet.
Nope. For the first majority of my life I didn't wear shoes, thongs, feet covering of any kind. Up until I was like 15. I wore shoes to school and shit, but otherwise I just didn't. I only very occasionally ran into issues with stepping on burrs or glass or whatever because my feet were as tough as old leather by that point. Now, I break a flipflop halfway to walking to the store and by the time I get there my feet are FUCKED just from crossing the asphalt streets lol.
But I saved a lot of money on shoes. More durries and more slabs of piss for the mother mate.
And guess which version of the story gets upvoted to the top of reddit? The one with the most click-baity title! :D Reddit as a whole is super fucking complicit in the race-baiting by voting trends. Most recent example is that one with that gay-frogs guy. The story is 'Infowars email address was sent child pornography' but reddit dug through the chaff to find that one perfect title that implied that Alex Jones (finally remembered his name) was sending child pornography to the families of the Sandy Hook victims. And reddit proudly displayed that on the front page. The worst possible, most twisted, most outright false title they could possibly find. And then you have people that don't even read the fucking article and just take the headlines as fact which just compounds the problem. It's an interesting look into why clickbait racebaiting bullshit works and more than a little sad.
My favorite part of the entire thing is how she came in super-aggressive after being pushed like 15 feet away; and she brought her hands up *just long enough* for it to be clear that she wants to be a threat, and then *immediately* drops them so that he can bean her directly in the face. It lasts from like 00:21:30 to 00:21:70. Four-tenths of a second.
No problem :D This picture not getting proper context drives me nuts, because it's only once you understand everything about it that it becomes truly like 'wooooooahly shit'.
Leant pokemon gold to a kid for a week. I had 245 pokemon in the pokedex. I told him like eight times not to reset the game. He told me he wouldn't reset the game. You can guess what happened. Kids are cunts.
That sounds like an over-reaction, honestly. People die from auto-erotic asphyxiation allllllllll the time and that shit isn't illegal. I say if you want to get fucked by an elephant, have at it. Just remember that you're a human and it's going to end very badly for you.
Yeah as an Australia finding a place to watch shit is IMPOSSIBLE. I've been through so many dodgy sites looking to watch what I want to watch. Fuck, I contemplated streaming 24 just to watch it since the DVD box set I have is so awkward. This information is just... wow.
I remember neatly slicing my enemy in half but his momentum carried him forwards and his lightsaber, in the process of switching off, cut off my fucking head. It absolutely changes how you have to play the game.
Well they're already going to see a huge loss in sales by moving to the switch. A switch is a big investment. If they pulled this shit on the 3DS, I can see it not harming sales much. But when you've got a bunch of people whose last game was a 3ds game and asking them to upgrade to a new console with a 300 dollar price tag, AS WELL giving a sub-par game with *demonstrably* bullshit reasons for limitations? This game had to be an even keel to attract the fans to it. A step up would have been great! Better graphics, 3d world, people would have forked over the money for a switch. But arbitrarily removing half the pokemon from a *pokemon game*? And giving the reason of 'we need to improve the models' even though they're working from models like six years old? 'We can't balance it' even though they already have tried and tested methods of 'balancing' such as the regional-dex only until after the elite four, and bullshit like 'there's not enough *time*'? When they're working from PRE BUILT ASSETS AND JUST HAVE TO ADD THEM TO FUCKING GAME? They're going to see a HUGE sale drop over sun and moon. I'll bet my bottom fucking dollar on it. The shitty thing is that game freak will be able to hide behind 'well not that many people have a switch yet' as the reason so many people aren't buying the game.
'Men are trash' - You shouldn't root for censorship. That's hypocrisy. You should be against this 100%. 'Oh, what a nigger' - FrEe sPEcH isN'T fREEdOm fROm COnsEqueNceS
Yeah except said publishers also sell their games on the windows store which takes a 30% cut, too. So he is 100% full of shit. Funny how he only gives a fuck about the cut the main competition takes and doesn't even mention the others.
&gt;He says he is trying to force digital stores to stop being greedy by using exclusives Except that's an utter crock of shit too because they're *exclusive*. How is it forcing steam to do anything? Epic is bribing developers and publishers *not to publish on steam*. If they were available on both storefronts, and cheaper on another because they take a lesser cut, then that argument might hold a thimbleful of water, but it's an 'exclusive' so steam doesn't have to do *shit*. There is no pressure on steam to do literally anything with the exclusives.They would need the vast majority of developers to stand up and say 'take less of a cut or we won't publish on steam' but that's not what's happening. Tencent Timmy is handing out hundreds of thousands of dollars in what are essentially bribes to force people to use his store and then looking at steam and saying 'yeah boy don't you wish you were taking less of a cut now? Look at all the money I'm handing over to these publishers who didn't even make the game, feel the BURN!'. For Tencent Timmy to have a leg to stand on with this 'exclusives' bullshit, he would have to be logically consistent. And it's fucking not. He says he wants exclusives because 'wahhhhh 30% cut' but only EVER yanks games off steam but not off other stores that also take a 30% cut. He's outright lying.
And I just pointed out why exclusives *can't* change Steam's cut. Because it puts literally no pressure on them. The bribes aren't magically going to disappear and the games aren't going to come over to steam the instant they say 'okay, we'll take less of a cut'.
I'm gonna bet that some more magical 'rule breaking' content is found on there and the entire subreddit is banned. Calling it now.
Anyone who thinks the 'threats against police' are the reason it got quarantined are delusional. Project Veritas leaks yesterday/the day before with google employees bespoke talking about meddling in democratic elections to 'prevent another Trump situation' and the first debates were coincidentally right as the sub got quarantined. I mean, T_D is usually the place for wild conspiracy theories, but if you're going to ban a subreddit (and quarantining is ALWAYS a precursor to banning, sometimes even just for a few hours), but it's *amazing* that they let the place fester for three full years and suddenly just now find a paper-thin excuse to quarantine them? When would be the best time to a political subreddit? Years before the election so that the supporting base has time to find a new home and reconsolidate, or *right before* the election so that you remove their ability to communicate effectively? And yeah, it sounds petty, like nobody would ever go to those insane lengths and be that *petty* but every big tech company is *filled* with people that are literally that petty and self-aggrandizing. Leaks from google, leaks from twitter, etc, all show employees and the people in charge being frothing-at-the-mouth psychotics who think they have a duty to the world to get *their* candidate accepted and that everyone who thinks otherwise is *wrong*. I fully expect T_D to be banned entirely in the run up to the election. Not close enough that people can say 'buh you're doing it deliberately!' but soon enough to the elections that it disrupts the supporter base. And say what you fucking want about Trump. Trump is like terrorism. He tests the exact limits to which a government or corporation will go to fuck over the rights and the will of the people 'to protect them from themselves'. Meddling in elections is meddling in elections, no matter the intention behind it. If this shit had happened a year ago, I wouldn't have been surprised. But the timing of this is just *so fucking convenient* and the reason for it a paper-thin veneer that it's hard not to ask 'hey, what the fuck are you idiots doing?'
If you can't even come up with a *hypothetical* situation where that quote can be put in a different context then I'm not going to be able to put much faith in your claim that it's definitely taken out of context.
Why would they? Google is leaning the bias in their direction. They have everything to gain by either ignoring what Google is doing or being entirely complicit in it. For them to report on the issue would mean they'd have to give a quarter of a fuck about actually having integrity. And they just don't. Not that the right wing sources are any better. They just have a vested interest in reporting on it because it's bias against them. If google was being biased against the left, the right wouldn't say shit and the left would be crying salty rivers.
Yeah imagine having your head so far up your ass that you're complaining about Steam not wanting to hand out keys for a game that is an 'exclusive' on another platform after being *BACKED ON THE PROMISE OF BEING SOLD ON STEAM*. People are fucking ENTITLED to a refund in that case. My god this guy is a moron.
Read deeper. He bitches about *refunds*. Why would they have to offer refunds? Because the games were funded with the stated goal of *being released on steam*. He is quite literally bitching and whining because steam won't hand out steam keys to a game that was funded with the promise of releasing on steam, and then took a bribe to release exclusively on Epic Cancer (breaking laws on false advertisement and bait-and-switch in the process, no doubt), because the people who backed the game will want a refund. His head is so far up his own ass that he's in danger of choking on his own skull.
'but we wanna beat avatar!!!!111!!!!!' The dumbest fucking thing I've ever seen. Yes, it literally is microtransactions in a movie. It's like showing the deleted scenes included in a DVD, except they're doing before the original movie *even left the fucking theatres*. If anyone else did this, they'd be soundly whipped by public opinion.
Rage-inducing exclusive
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/nov/06/trump-dump-president-throws-entire-box-of-fish-food-into-precious-koi-carp-pond https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2017/11/06/trump-feeds-fish-then-pours-entire-box-of-food-into-koi-pond-during-visit-to-japan.html https://edition.cnn.com/2017/11/06/politics/donald-trump-koi-pond-japan/index.html http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2017/11/trump-under-fire-for-improper-fish-feeding-technique.html https://time.com/5011386/donald-trump-fish-koi-japan/ The shit was fucking EVERYWHERE. I can't find a bunch of the original articles because they've either been deleted or *buried* in google's search under all of the 'no, that's fucking bullshit you idiots' articles that came out after the furor, but I distinctly remember reddit being singularly *fucking insufferable* about this shit, whining that it was indicative of Trump being tone-deaf and not respecting foreign cultures and being the worst possible diplomat ever because he over-fed koi and was going to kill these magnificent creatures that are carefully raised by hand from birth and rubbed with alcohol every day like vegan wagyu.
Bingo!
I really really wish I'd preordered the game just so I could cancel it in response to this shitshow of a non-response.
This is like the shit with the epic games store. Yeah, Borderlands 3 is great and all and might be good, but when you go out of your way to give the middle finger to the fans of your series, it kills any desire for me to enjoy your game. The entire experience is tainted knowing that wasn't a labour of love and made to be fun for everyone but rather a corporate hack-job cynically shat out to make money and the player's be damned. I live in remote Australia. I'll fucking brave ebay to get the game second-hand, if I can be *fucked* getting it at all after this shit. Maybe I won't mind not having the pokemon with me that I've raised and cared for over the last fifteen years of faithfully playing their games. Maybe I won't even notice missing out on specific pokemon. But sure as fuck I'm not going to shell out a hundred dollars of my currency to a greedy, soulless corporation that clearly doesn't care about the longtime fans, just to find out.
&gt; Pokémon is Pokémon and just because the national dex isnt there doesnt take anything away from the aspect of the series. Let me rephrase that for you: Taking pokemon, out of A POKEMON GAME, that is about CATCHING AND BATTLING POKEMON, doesn't take anything away from the aspect of the series. Please, read that at least four times and really think about it before you respond. Because you clearly didn't spend a nanosecond thinking about it before you posted that drivel.
Yeah, pokemon House Arrest. Pay your jailer fees every year though, or Game Freak will take your pokemon out back behind the shed and you'll never see them again. I hope you like having pokemon in there for three-to-five years at a time, *if you're lucky*.
I'll buy any new 'Pokémon' game. I will not, however, purchase a 'P k ⠀on' game.
&gt;Best of minigames from the series? You didn't mention the poffin-creating minigame with berries you painstakingly grew yourself. I think you should consult a doctor as you seem to have lost your mind. Also, pokemon home is an app. An APP. They will not, I repeat, *will not* spend more effort on it than on a mainline game. Your pokemon will exist as an icon on a screen and that's it. They won't want to blow an *app* out to hundreds of megabytes. I mean, you can hope, but realistically? It's going to be pokemon bank with an app integration so it can work with pokemon go and not much more.
The moral argument of the percentage cut is fucking stupid anyhow. If I go to a club with a cover charge and more expensive drinks I sure aint going there to get the one fucking drink I want. I'm going there because the service is better and I like the atmosphere more. If I pick a more expensive movie theatre to see a certain movie, and the tickets cost more, I'm doing it because *I want better service*. I don't mind paying a bit extra to have all the features and shit I want. And I sure as fuck feel like it's MORALLY REPREHENSIBLE for this sack of shit to stand up and say 'well fuck you for being willing to pay for better service, I'm taking the choice away for you' and then proceeds to bribe film studios so that they'll only show their movies on his shitty projector. OUTSIDE. WITHOUT A ROOF. IN THE DAYLIGHT.
WTF even IS dynamax? If you want to fight giant pokemon go fight a Pokemon Go Raid battle. This shit is one of the reasons we're getting cut content? A feature that a mobile game can comfortably handle?
My old cat used to bring me live rabbits.
I start to twitch after 31 *minutes* like that. Anything small and flimsy. It makes me want to *destroy* shit. I don't know why. Like if I'm fucking around with pixels in MS paint moving my mouse around with careful, precise movements, there comes a point, very quickly, where I want to put my fist through the screen. It's a frightening compulsion and it happens a LOT with fiddly shit. Like I want to break something or hurl myself out a window or flop around and flail like a wacky waving arm inflatable tube person however that phrase goes. 32 *hours* of that? I'd unironically want to kill myself.
Twitter is one of the most bullshitted social media platforms around. It's like reddit voting, except an algorithm assigns the votes instead of actual people. And how the algorithm decides is entirely up to whoever at twitter coded it.
No.
This is a complicated as fuck idea to try and get across, so let me use a metaphor. You're moving house. You have furniture. The new house has furniture already. You can replace the furniture in your new house, with your current furniture. Your concept is that the real-estate company has a side business running a removals van that will move your furniture from your old house to the new one for a fee. And to 'make more money', the real estate agency says 'oh, just only let them put half of their furniture in the new house!'. It doesn't make any *sense*. If you were attached enough to your old furniture to move it to the new house, *only being allowed to take half of it* is going to make you exponentially less likely to want to do it. You'll just throw your hands up and say 'fuck it' and try to get used to the new furniture at the new house and not even bother with your old furniture. And you're saying this is so that they can have repeat removal jobs? When you 'buy a new house' you're going to need the removal van again *to move the furniture to the new house*. They're not gaining any new sales by only letting you move only half your furniture, and are in fact going to lose sales hand over fist. The only sales they can effectively gain are for furniture-collectors, and they are nowhere near as large a demographic as the people they pissed off by only letting you move half your furniture to the new house.
Well so far out of people annoyed enough to answer a survey (that goes for both sides, people annoyed enough at what's going on to vote, and people annoyed enough to angrily vote against the reaction) there's like a 60% response of 'not buying this fucking game'. Edging towards 70%. But then, polls are fickle things. And you have to take into account that you're only looking at people who are into pokemon enough to end up on a subreddit discussing pokemon. It is pretty indicative so far though, that of the people who are long-term fans, and thus, more likely to hang around on a sub reddit dedicated to it (casual fans who only play one pokemon game and then wander off to do other stuff won't end up here and therefore won't end up voting) this is enough of an issue for half of those people to say 'fuck it, I'm done with this game entirely'. That is... frightening. For reference, The Last Jedi (which is generally regarded as an awful piece of shit movie) STILL had 50% positive reviews. It's really, really really hard to get half of your long-term fans pissed off but if you manage it, it is a *serious* issue. And this poll makes it look like that's the case here. I don't know whether to get my popcorn or my kleenex.
I think you're severely underestimating the effect that not being able to transfer pokemon to the game will have on the spread of pokemon home. It's a *pokemon transfer application* that *can't transfer pokemon*. That's like carrying around a HM slave that can't learn 'fly'. What's the fucking point of it? So yes, agree to disagree and whatnot.
**HWOA!!**
Can you guys please just vote someone in who will give you universal healthcare? Just for a single term. That's all.
Nah I did the quest. All I know is that the quest took place ON Lua. I didn't pick up anything else about Lua on my way through the mission. Or that it was MIA *before* the mission or anything like that. Because when the mission released it was a brand new update that introduced the tileset.... So it appearing as if from nowhere was... nothing. They redid the starmap, they added Lua. Cool. A new area. It was like them adding the Kuva Fortress to the starmap to me. 'But where was it before the update?' 'Not coded yet is where it was'.
Was any of that about the moon itself? I remember them talking about the spoiler-mode-containment-area being 'lost' or something to that effect but that sounded more like a throwaway line of 'we hadn't gotten to this point in the story so it was 'lost' until we were done making it' like the kuva fortress was 'lost' before it was added and the plains of eidolon/fortune were likewise 'lost' until they were coded in. Always sounded more like they were referring to the specific set of rooms where spoiler mode was found.
Ahhh, that makes sense then!
I don't like butter. At all. I don't put it on bread. i have it on toast, but that's it. Making a chicken sandwhich? Bread, chicken, maybe cheese, pepper. That's it. No butter. But if I'm eating a home-cooked stew I'll put butter on my bread just to try and get that taste from my youth, since my grandparents used to line up buttered bread to put the stew on.
Well when they use the 'graphics' as justification for nuking half the fucking pokemon in a *POKEMON* game, yeah people are gonna harp on the graphics. Especially when they resemble something that came out twenty years ago. And I don't say that ironically. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time literally came out *twenty-one years ago* and has about the same textures. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/14/ZELDA_OCARINA_OF_TIME.jpg I don't give a fuck about graphics either. I quite like the graphics. They're simple, and get the job done. I feel like relying on 'photo realistic graphics' has caused many games to focus on looking good but not on how they play or run or how engaging they are. But here we have a company saying 'we had to cut down on the CORE ASPECT OF THE ENTIRE SERIES so we can make the graphics and animations prettier!' And the graphics and animations *look like shit*. So criticism of the graphics looking like shit are entirely, 100% warranted.
Oceanic Operata is still the best one.
Wow not available in my country. Fuck off mate I'm fucking Australian.
And cumgargling journalists.
Not impossible, or even improbable. If he was using a small calibre weapon, and the wife was dead asleep... I mean, have you ever been woken up from a dead sleep by a loud noise? Someone knocking on your door? You struggle up out of sleep because you're being woken up, and you don't just immediately go 'oh, someone woke me up'. You go 'what the fuck is someone knocking on my door at this hour of morning?' because you truly *don't know*. You need the second knock to confirm. And if the second knock doesn't come, you'll just brush it off as a figment of your imagination and go back to sleep. Same kinda thing with a gunshot. I've actually been woken up by a .308 being fired, in a tin shed, right near my fucking bed that was in said tin shed. It was easter time while I was staying with my mate, and we'd gone to stay on his uncle's farm. They had hidden easter eggs everywhere, and as a goof, he fired his .308 rifle into the ground and yelled 'THERE HE IS I ALMOST GOT THE LITTLE CUNT LOOK HE WAS SHITTING EVERYWHERE!' to start off the easter-egg hunt. And even a 308 in a fucking *tin shed* just registers on your sleeping mind as **##LOUD NOISE##**. It woke me up for sure, but if he hadn't been there yelling at the top of his lungs afterwards, I probably would have gone back to sleep. To further this: He committed suicide with a .22. They're not huge and loud. And even *more*, what was the wife's plan? Oh I wanna murder this dude I'll make it look like he committed suicide next to me as I slept, but to make my story more believable... I'll leave him in bed for several hours and then say I just didn't notice a gunshot????????
Dude had it coming. He orchestrated an attack on a US Embassy, which is in and of itself AN ACT OF WAR, and then travelled to the foreign country to meet with terrorists to plan more attacks in circumvention of a UN travel ban. I mean, in what fairy-land universe is this guy *not* having a cruise missile crammed down his throat?
It would be DoA because Apple are notorious for hating upgrades. 'Just buy a new one!' Imagine if you wanted to upgrade your hard drive or graphics card and were told 'just buy a new PC!' Fucking. Kek.
Morbid curiosity. You literally just watched a video, and meandered down into the comment section, showing how a fire can overtake someone in *four seconds*. That's how fast it can go wrong and how fast you can be killed. Same thing for /r/watchpeopledie People who don't go there think that place was gore videos. And there certainly was gore. But people act like everyone going there was watching mexican beheading videos. I won't watch those, not a fucking chance, because I'm not interested in seeing people dying. But watching someone on security cam who decided to try and draw his sidearm while a criminal already has theirs drawn, and got shot and killed? That shit is interesting. Especially when you compare it with other videos where the guy defending themselves manages to distract the criminal, obscure his draw, and then pull his gun and cap the bad guy. It's not gore, or murder, or anything like what rotten.com has (had? I don't even know if it's still around) it's more *people dying*. And that happens around us every single fucking day and nobody says anything. You've heard of the car crash down the street, of the convenience store hold up that went wrong, of the guy who was robbed and stabbed in the park, of that 80 year old parishioner who drew his sidearm and dropped a wannabe mass shooter with a single round in a church. /r/watchpeopledie just shared that shit with unflinching honesty. These people *fucking died*, why *wouldn't* you want to see what mistakes they made to lead them losing their life, be it complacency or unawareness of their surroundings; or even just a guy stepping onto a crosswalk while someone was speeding and he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. It's like those pictures of space that make you feel really small. But these are pictures of death, and they make you feel 98% less bulletproof.
No, this one is far worse: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFFykQIrPCk Because it's great the first time. And ONLY the first time. You can enjoy it the first time you hear it in a week or month, but every repeat after that is nails on a chalkboard.
https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/3300320532532143536/A89A93C2D617EFD7DB0DBDD0E8E0672E8EF350F8/ Some of this old stuff could strike fear into the hearts of steely-eyed men. https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/492313864281339704/09EF6E1F515FDC390AC58C80DA26531E685F8FE4/
How fucking long have the obelisks been broken for now? They can't even patch outright broken shit.
&gt;and because we were all hourly Well there's your problem right there. You're literally comparing apples and oranges. Someone working hourly is NOT getting benefits. They don't get sick days. They don't get holidays. They don't get RDO. None of that shit. When someone talks about holiday pay and whatnot, they're talking about *salaried* employees. You were hourly. Your MANAGER was salaried. https://www.deputy.com/au/blog/salary-vs-hourly-whats-the-difference
It's like how the second Terminator movie had a MASSIVE twist that the T1000 was actually the good guy this time, and it wasn't revealed in the film right up until Arnie says 'Get Down'. But the trailers all gave away that he was the good guy and so ruined the entire thing.
Taking your work boots and socks off after a long day.
God I'd want that so much.
And with their design direction, the remakes will have less usable pokemon than the originals.
I think maybe he won't escalate with a counter-attack. That's a HUGE maybe. *But* he will escalate with verbal challenges on Twitter outright begging Iran to launch another attack because he has the social skills of an autistic boy who was locked in a cupboard all his life with only 'Art of the Deal' and 80s action movies as company.
Don't forget thirteen different mentally retarded people posting 'nice' at each other.
If they do Sinnoh remakes with less pokemon than the ORIGINAL games had, then I'm probably out of playing pokemon games for good other than pokemon go.
I'll buy both games as a box set. I'll provide fucking receipts.
With the burn-off window narrowing every year, I feel like the only sensible thing going forwards for humans in Australia is for all urban planning to include permanent fire breaks around settlements. That way when the fires get out of control, the firefighters can retreat to the settlements, make sure the town doesn't burn, and just watch from behind the fire breaks as the fire goes past. I mean, either that, or we move in to some kind of stone buildings... and have giant moats filled with water around towns so that fire literally can't get through to the people. Yes I am suggesting that us Australians start living in castles.
My own sister said to me yesterday that it was the greens who did it because 'they're not letting us do backburning' and it's like, fucking hell lady, they have ONE SEAT in the house of representatives, you think they're fucking swaying the course of our government policy??? I wanted to fucking slap her.
It's meant to be a drinking game, not a suicide pact!
Apricorns are back on the menu, boys!
Underworld does them quite nicely. Some of them feel floaty and fake, but sometimes they look dope. Recently, Netflix's The Order did werewolves and they were GREAT. They were shown very sparingly and each scene they're in, they felt huge and *powerful*. https://youtu.be/oIrfH-o-OUU?t=47 Spoilers for said series but goddamn, that scene is great.
Irrelevant. You can get all the pokemon in a *mainline pokemon game*, a series built around *collecting pokemon*. True or false?
&gt;No reason to expect all Pokemon ever created. Except 20+ years of experience, precedent, and game design.
There was a case I remember reading about back in the day where police officers claimed that their dash cams malfunctioned and failed to record video of an incident they were being sued for. All seven of them. &gt;In another example, also from Prince George's County, Maryland, in April 2005, TV reporter Andrea McCarren and a cameraman were pulled over by seven police cruisers as they followed a county official for a story on the misuse of public funds. McCarren later claimed in a lawsuit that she was abused during the stop, resulting in a torn rotator cuff and dislocated shoulder. Prince George's County officials never gave McCarren's attorneys dash cam video of the incident. Their excuse? They said all seven dashboard cameras were malfunctioning on the day McCarren was pulled over. They've been doing this shit, blatantly, for 15 *fucking years* and getting away with it. Of course they're going to continue doing it because even when it's demonstrably bullshit, they never get in trouble for it.
Not a great deal. Fire threat for me is actually 'low' where I live because it's *so* arid, and *so* drought stricken that all of the grasslands around are just brown stubble picked clean by the local cattle. I don't think a fire would physically be able to spread. There's nothing for it to burn! But we do still have to deal with the smoke. There's a constant haze of it that you can see if you look towards the horizon in any direction. And some days you can see it rolling in like a fog.
Look: If he has this much neurosis about *washing his junk* because it's 'gay', can you imagine him as a parent? What other neuroses are you just not privy to yet? Are you going to spend the rest of your life with this dude? Have kids with him? Try to struggle to parent a young boy or girl, where he will refuse to help with diaper duty or teaching your hypothetical kids about hygiene or sex because that's 'pedo' or 'gay'? I mean, this guy is ostensibly so uncomfortable with guys touching each other's junk that he *refuses to even touch his own*, even to clean it! He won't even wipe his own ass! Say that to yourself, *out loud*, right now! 'My boyfriend will not wipe his own ass because he thinks that's gay'. Record yourself saying it and then play it back so you can understand how *bananas* that is. You have to make a serious decision as to what degree of neuroses you're prepared to deal with because shit like this WILL come up again later on in life, in *big ways*. What if one of your kids is gay? You're going to be one of those parents who disown their own kids because the husband thinks this is a sin against God or some shit, while the wife is sympathetic but is shacked up to this *retard* of a man who has viewpoints that are warped in the extreme. If you're not going to spend the rest of your life with him, break it off clean while you still can. You already know the answer, you're just here for validation: Run. Run for the hills.
Some people have pokemon from literally 15 years ago. Some people got pokemon from their parents or relatives who have subsequently died and they hold on to those specific pokemon as keepsakes, etc. My original Blaziken from Pokemon Ruby is still kicking around somewhere on my 3ds.
Ninjas haven't been overdone for a decade now, at least. I mean fuck, name a good ninja game with STEALTH in it in the last decade, I'll wait.
Far Cry 2 on the hardest difficulty is the best for this. Go in guns blazing and die instantly, or go in quietly and get seen and then guns blazing and die instantly. And then try again, sneak through, hide behind a wall and figure there's no way forward without being seen and... I guess everyone is just getting set on fire now!
My family has victorinox serrated steak knives... About four of them. I swear we've had them... at least fifteen years now. They're STILL the best steak knives we own.
You ever just want to rewrite the entire sequel saga so it's not as shite? Fanfiction, by definition. But by god fanfiction has to be better than the fucking drivel they've shat out.
That shit looks almost as bad as John Wick's fall in JW3.
https://translate.google.com/#view=home&amp;op=translate&amp;sl=en&amp;tl=en&amp;text=Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu Just click on the little speaker button in the 'translated' area. Not sure if it's because I'm from Australia but the computer voice has an Australian accent and it sounds SO AWFUL from her accent it's hilarious. Not to mention she sounds REALLY fucking drunk after the first three syllables, slurring all over the place. And the first few parts of it sounds like she's saying 'da mattafucka'
https://66.media.tumblr.com/97f43c386c000be2e635986ea232b61b/tumblr_inline_pmrkfrjTa31snq98z_500.png https://66.media.tumblr.com/5947eebd8ec667187e9c209f5a9ac4b9/tumblr_inline_pmrkhr97vC1snq98z_500.png https://66.media.tumblr.com/064322bc6d435952eea87e898a1af0ad/tumblr_inline_pmrkj7axry1snq98z_640.png
&gt; best He could do, Adolph, Mao, Stalin, Mengele Shit man, if this is the best he can do give me a fucking try.
And she actually works through adversity to *earn* the abilities she has instead of having them handed to her by the script.
You think the writers would have let her get incapacitated at all? lol, clearly you need reeducation in Disney's Writing Camp. Repeat after me: If the protagonist is female she cannot fail in anything, ever. Including getting injured.
God I hope it comes to Australia. Our NBN is a fucking joke. I'm still paying 100+ dollars a month for shitty 15mbs internet that drops down to about 4 every single evening. And the best part is, is if someone in the household is watching netflix or whatever during that period, it spikes the ping up in to the low thousands, consistently. As someone that plays a lot of online games, it makes me pretty fucking ropeable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGiFEtAv1yI This is still my favorite. Chip came out of the gate more savage than a starving pitbull on salvia, and he only had ten seconds to come up with it!
I have never gotten a counter with iai yet. I don't think. I fucking hate counter-attack moves that rely on you doing an attack first. They feel *so shit*. I can do point guards with charge blade, and in MHGU I adore the longsword more than any other weapons because of the instant-counteract in brave style. I've cut poison globs *out of the fucking air* with it when I got too close in front of a gypceros. I don't mind the sheathing animation, even. It's just the fucking fact that you can only do it from a goddamn motherfucking attack already under way. It's so fucking CLUNKY. And it has enough of a backstep that if something was going to graze you, it fucking MISSES you anyway.
I played a female trooper in SWTOR simply because she has the same voice actor. Ended up being dark side because my femshep was renegade and it was impossible not to choose the 'mean' options when I heard her voice again. She just sounds *so fucking good* as a badass.
Again, it's the *United States*, not *United People*. You all seem to forget that the genesis of your country was fifty *states* coming together to form a way to be governed as a whole. Together. You've had attempted secession before. You had a fucking *war* over it. If you just get rid of the electoral college, and swap to a voting system that outrageously favours the more populated states, then what actual point would lawmakers, the president, etc, have to make laws that advantage the farmers and shit that feed your country? 'Hey, I now there was a natural disaster but we're not going to dispense funds to the entirety of the six states growing our food because you guys don't have any voting power lol. We're sending that money to California instead because that'll get us more voters'. What reason would those states have to remain in the union if their ability to influence the top level of your government becomes literally nonexistent? Anyhow, that idea that someone has more 'voting power' living in the sticks is one of the dumbest fucking things I've ever read. You're voting for your elected official, not your president. You get a fuckton more elected officials in more populated states. Go vote for them. People arguing for the disillusion of the electoral college are morons because it's always 'waaah this person's vote COUNTS more than mine!' going on with this bullshit 'one person ONE VOTE'. Yeah, you're one person and you get ONE VOTE. But for some reason, these people are fucking *incapable* of understanding that going HURR DURR ONE PERSON ONE VOTE means five *states* get to decide the president on their own. Why should the president of the UNITED STATES get decided by fucking California, and Texas? Why should their sheer population have more of a bearing on the governing of *all fifty states*, than the bottom ten states combined? And none of these fuckwads ever talk about the fact that first past the post voting is quite literally a cancer on democracies and is causing the greatest amount of political issues in recent years. You guys *literally have Trump because of First Past The Post*. Simple fact is: *People don't vote.* *States do*. United *States*. You don't get to pick the president. You get to pick how *your* state is governed. The president is not elected by a popular vote because they don't answer 'to the people'. They answer to the elected representatives of the *fifty states* they govern. That's why you have state and federal government. The president has most power over the *federal* government and overreaching rules. But a ton of shit is decided on a state level, too. Which is why laws change from state to state so much. The president, and the *federal government* need to be balancing the needs of all fifty states. Because that's *what they're there for*. And if you get elected based on the sheer numbers of only 10% of those states, what fucking reason do you have to listen to the bottom 90% when making any kind of policy decisions? 'Hey, your new policy decisions is really fucking us over here where we *grow your fucking food*' 'Yeah but it makes the city folk happy so *fuck* the places that grow our food'. *Unfair* is expecting a small groups of states to dominate federal policy by sheer power of their *population* and is quite literally why the electoral college was created in the first place.
My first time was like ‘sweet, trees!’ And then ‘sweet a red spider thing to punch!’ Not a whole lot after that though
Because of evolution. Back in the day, we used to eat fucking dirt. Not just 'dirt', but our food was covered in dirt. It was grown in dirt, picked from the dirt, dragged through dirt, etc. That dirt wore down our teeth something *fierce*, and by the time we got to the age when wisdom teeth start popping in, we *needed* those teeth to chew with because all of our other teeth were proper fucked. But once we started eating processed foods free of things like sand, dirt, and grit and whatnot, we started having issues of wisdom teeth coming in while our other teeth are still going strong. But the long and short of it is that our ancestors ate a lot of dirt.
Why is ‘bootlicker’ solely used by obnoxious pricks who are incapable of understanding any kind of distinction or subtleties?
I uploaded a video early and youtube was all like 'mark this video as adult? It won't have any ads and won't make you any money' And it's like... so youtube ONLY gives money to videos that are PG? How fucking bass-ackwards is that shit? Like the advertisers on youtube ONLY want to advertise to literal children and people watching content that children would be comfortable with? Meanwhile fucking Dahmer over here is cutting up live animals but that's fine. OKAY.
Complete lack of selection pressure for good teeth. I mean, for evolution to work, the problem has to be pronounced enough that the host body doesn't pass on its genes. Humans could easily pass on their genes before they reach an age at which an impacted wisdom tooth would kill them. So there's no evolutionary pressure there to correct bad teeth when humans start moving towards middle aged. It's like eyesight failing at older ages, and hearing starting to go, and all of that stuff. That's about when you would be taken out by a woolly mammoth or whatever. But now we live longer, and we're not all being taken out by predators when we start to get older and slower, all these new issues pop up. Dogs, too, get the same kind of issues. I mean, if you took a wolf, domesticated it today, and then let it live a longer life than it normally would have, it's probably going to end up with fucked up teeth. Because in the wild, it would have died or passed on its genes well before the fucked up tooth became a thing.
I've heard the fuck out of Afroman. I even like his other songs. But I always thought 'colt 45' was a gun he was holding, and 'zig zags' were weed.
Peanut butter ice cream cone apple cider kumquat vinegar Has anyone really thought about how many dupe accounts must infest these things? Pre-emptive congratulations to whoever wins.
I think it's more like 'my values are not black and white'. Like, I would never, ever eat a person. That's a value. BUT there's a caveat to that. If I crashed in the Himalayas... I'd probably eat someone. I'm not going back on my 'value' of finding eating people detestable. I can just say with confidence 'outside of very select circumstances, I'm not gonna go Hannible Lectre on someone'. Same thing for vigilante justice. I think it's bad. I think it's horseshit. I think the average man or woman doesn't have the fucking *objective viewpoint*to be able to mete out justice because they're going to be warped in some way and have some ingrained bias that would lead them doing something most people would find immoral when meting out vigilante justice. But when you fuck 200+ kids I think that crossed the threshhold of being a remarkable circumstance. I'm cool with him being murdered. My values are that I'm against vigilante justice, except in very special circumstances. *This* is one of those circumstances.
Monster Hunter Iceborne does this shit. It released on PC like... a week ago! WHY. I don't give a quarter of a fuck about this dumb idiot who pretends like she's super close friends with this mutant that never speaks. Just let me *hit the fucking monster already*.
If someone took a picture of a crowd, a selfie at starbucks, a video of themselves drinking soup at a cafe, or whatever else, you did *not* consent to being in the background of the image but this software can now track where you were, what you doing, who you were with, everything. How is that NOT a violation of privacy?
'We're just using it to catch child predators!' 'Oops, there was a manhunt. So we got the camera feed from every single camera in the city and applied this to it and found the bad guy in under five minutes! :D ' 'Oh a kid went missing. So we turned it on again and found the kid hiding behind a convenience store smoking stolen cigarettes.' 'Oh we're just installing the software into mandatory glasses worn by all police officers, but we won't use the technology except to catch bad guys, promise' 'oops someone is suing the cops so we used our glasses to track them down out in the world and run them off the road. We won't use it for anything else, promise' 'oops there's this group of maybe white nationalists so we used our glasses to track them all down and violate their rights to privacy' 'woops these people were involved in protests previously so we just rounded them up preemptively and threw them in jail so they couldn't join tomorrow's protest' etc etc ad nauseum. The slippery slope is very real and the only way to stop it is to stop the snowball from rolling at the start. Because once that snowball starts rolling, it picks up inertia way too fast to ever be stopped.
The only 'fallacy' occurring here is the dude thinking that skipping rocks somehow compares to violation of privacy. A slippery slope requires the slope be *slippery*. There *is* no slope between 'skipping rocks' and 'throwing rocks through a window' because there is literally no pressure to do so. The fact that you compare those things to what I said feels *disingenuous as fuck* and outright maliciously ignorant. A *slippery slope* is giving someone a key to unlock any door in the world and expecting them to never use it for bad shit. 'Oh I'll only use it when people lose their keys'. 'Oh I'll only use it when someone is in danger'. 'oh I'll only use it if someone pays me a HUGE amount of money to do so' 'oh I'll only use it if it's against someone I hate' THAT is a slippery fucking slope. Pretending like disconnected events that only have a 'stone' or a 'hammer' in common is completely fucking missing the point by so much I can only assume you are willfully ignorant or knowingly disingenuous. I mean, jesus fucking christ, it's not like you don't have perfect examples of the slippery slope of government surveillance already with the NSA and the Patriot Act. But nah, it's a 'logical fallacy' because you can conjure up bullshit unconnected strawman scenarios where it doesn't apply so I guess the Patriot Act and the NSA mass surveillance just never fucking happened, eh? 'Just because they're developing weapons of mass destruction doesn't mean they'll *use them*. That's a *logical fallasy*' - Japanese Generals at Hiroshima and Nagasaki, 1944
I would sincerely have no issue if people punched that dude in the street when they recognized him. Like reverse celebrity. This guy has done more to harm the human race in the last decade than pretty much anyone else.
I'm from Australia and I'm sitting here reading the title like 'how would start half an hour earlier affect the economy of all things?' But fucking starting school at 7AM? Fuuuuuuuuck that. The sun is barely up! Kids need that time in the morning to watch cartoons, eat breakfast, and just *be people* before being smashed into the social morass of school.
Oh but it's totally *mathematically possible* and therefore there's nothing suspicious about it! I've literally heard that argument about the obviously bullshit score.
Only place I see him is literally any search I try to do about new content for GTA Online because this sperglord shits out ten minute videos waffling on and on about the subject while offering nothing of any fucking substance. I'm not even being facetious. I'll go fucking test right now. 'GTA Online new content' MrBossSTFU is firsth, second third, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and TENTH video recommended. 'GTA Online update' MrBossSTFU is first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and seventh videos recommded. The dude is a fucking tumour.
Men and women don't even remotely have the same bone structure. People talk about bone density and muscle density and shit but nobody ever brings up the fact that women have wider hips? That's one of the defining traits of a woman. They call them 'motherly hips' in literature because they're literally an evolutionary trait for childbirth. That's why every female olympic gymnast is like 16. Because once they get past a certain age, their hips develop properly and they can no longer perform acrobatics or athletics as well. And nobody ever talks about that shit. I find it bizarre. 'Broad of the shoulder, narrow of the hip'. That's describing a giant powerful man. 'Hourglass figure' is describing a woman. I mean... does nobody see the inherent bio-mechanical issues here or is it just fucking me? If you have the same muscle density and bone density on a man, and on a woman, one of them is going to outperform the other because their body was designed by evolution to be more about violence and combat and athletics and shit, while the other one's body was designed for raising children.
And any lion that gets a taste for human is quite swiftly hunted down and killed.
As the completely unwavering audience score for RoS proves, they just edit the config file for that.
God your government is straight retarded.
I dunno if Insurgency Sandstorm is 'casual' but I've been playing the co-op mode on that more than anything else these days. It's all just objective rushing and shooting insurgents (or security), calling in choppers and strafing runs and shit. Good fun. Rarely ever gets super tense except when you end up being the last one standing and realise everyone is watching every single dumb fumble you make and judging you.
Whenever my sister is annoying me I threaten to get her kids this: https://www.fishpond.com.au/Books/Frozen-Recorder-Fun-Kristen-Anderson-Lopez-By-composer-Robert-Lopez-By-composer/9781495013058
&gt;any link to various cancers have very weak evidence, if any good evidence at all and doesn’t have any link with increased all-cause mortality Not for nothing but if it's a choice between not drinking coffee and getting cancer... I'm gonna see if I can beat cancer.
&gt; The Division 2 Eh I got it and the entire experience feels very... What's the word? 'Fragmented'? without paying for all the dlc for it. Like there are people standing around in HQ telling you to go do all this extra shit which then throws a giant sign in your face saying 'ONLY IF YOU HAVE THIS DLC LOL'. It makes all of the endgame really really boring and frustrating.
You must be blind. Reddit shits that content out fucking *everywhere* and shoves it in your face. Untitled goose game, control, borderlands 3, outer worlds, all titles that were exclusive and the instant they were released on the epic store 'LOOK AT THIS BEAUTIFUL GAME AND THIS GAMEPLAY AND LOOK AT THESE MEMES AND LOOK AT THESE BEAUTIFUL GRAPHICS AND LOOK AT THIS HAHA FUNNY PUN NAME GUN' with endless reposts in every tangentially related sub it could possibly be shat into. This doesn't happen for ANY other games I've seen. It's always the epic exclusives, and about two weeks after it's on the front page of reddit *every single fucking day* it goes away and is never heard from again. Feels super super astroturfed. But outside of reddit's '*totally organic*' content, the only people I hear talk about games on the epic store follow it very swiftly with a 'FUCK THAT GAME AND FUCK THAT PLACE'.
And how do you wish he would have handled it? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2014/03/07/snowden-i-raised-nsa-concerns-internally-over-10-times-before-going-rogue/ &gt;Former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden said he repeatedly tried to go through official channels to raise concerns about government snooping programs but that his warnings fell on the deaf ears. &gt;Asked specifically if he felt like he had exhausted all other avenues before deciding to leak classified information to the public, Snowden responded: &gt;'Yes. I had reported these clearly problematic programs to more than ten distinct officials, none of whom took any action to address them. As an employee of a private company rather than a direct employee of the US government, I was not protected by US whistleblower laws, and I would not have been protected from retaliation and legal sanction for revealing classified information about lawbreaking in accordance with the recommended process.' I mean, what? He went through the proper channels and got rebuked *ten fucking times* by different officials before saying 'fuck this' and going public with it all. How do *you* think he should have handled it? 15 times through proper channels before going public? 20? What's your number? Read the entire article and get back to me. I'm super interested to hear what you think his course of action should have been.
I love the spectacle of them. I just hate the interpersonal relationships and the wAckY HuMOur. Like Optimus Fucking Prime dancing around a house flattening everything but the parents being oblivious? Or Witwicky being cringy constantly? It's all of that LOLSORANDOM crap that just drags me right out of the experience and removes any tension or stakes. And then when they try to actually have a moment, the tone is completely *fucked*. I mean, you go from a dog pissing on a robot and robots pissing on people to 'WE HAVE TO SAVE THE WORLD' in a completely serious tone and whatnot. Like seriously, 'I am directly below the enemy scrotum' with two clanging *truck nuts* while he uses his connections as a now-redeemed shady government agent to request a tactical strike from a prototype weapon he's not meant to know about? Was Michael Bay absent for the entire part of the filmmaking course where they explained tone? I love some of the scenes in the movies, and especially the robot fights. But the complete evisceration of any kind of coherent tone just ruins it all. It's like, other directors would use comic relief, but Bay wallows in the comic relief for ten fucking minutes at a time adding cringe after cringe to it. It's like someone splced Spy Kids and Mission Impossible together and really tried to make it work but it's super evident when the cuts come in because tone and tension go right out the window. Just ugh.I'll rewatch them when I want to see something dumb and explodey, but my god I'm going to have my finger on the 'fast forward' button whenever the 'comic releif' comes along to wallow past the screen for fifteen minutes at a time.
That is why I'm gay for MauLer.
&gt;The man was shot multiple times by the officer's service weapon Fuck, the 2nd ammendment people had it wrong all along!
I got the FUCKING IKELOS SHOTGUN for the first GODDAMN MOTHERFUCKING TIME LAST NIGHT, LITERALLY THE ONLY OTHER IKELOS WEAPON I HAVE and they immediately did a maintenance and rolled the fucking GAME BACK. BEST THING IS I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE ANY FUCKING ENHANCEMENT SHARDS TO BEGIN WITH GG WELL PLAYED THANKS
SO I DID THE FUCKING ESCALATION PROTOCOL TWICE MORE AND DIDN'T GET THE FUCKING SHOTGUN BUT MY FRIEND DOING IT WITH ME DID
The only way I'll watch an Episode 10 is if it starts with 'Rey died on her way back to her home planet'.
This sentence is true for the rest of recorded history, I think.
007 racing on the PSX. That game pissed me off with it's frankly impossible-to-attain speed records that I took it out and snapped the disc.
I quit that game because of Blizzard themselves. Back in the first halloween event, with that sexy, sexy Mercy witch skin, the only way to get it was to grind or pay for loot boxes. I paid for loot boxes, didn't get it, and so started grinding! But there was also a bug at the time: Loading into the Doritos map or whatever the fuck it was called wouldn't load for some people. They'd be on an endless loading screen, while the game thought they were loaded in, and sitting at the character select screen. So after 2 ish minutes, you'd get kicked for being 'idle'. And since the map was in rotation, it came up often enough that I got a 'bad sport' penalty that was about 20 full games worth of exp penalty, meaning I couldn't earn ANY loot boxes at all for the rest of the event, especially not since I'd get MORE leavers penalty whenever that BROKEN FUCKING MAP came up. I'm getting pissed off just remembering it. I emailed their support. They politely told me to get fucked. So, after being punished for a bug I have literally no control over and the official channels for dealing with the issue proved completely unwilling to help, I quit. I uninstalled the game and haven't played a single match since. Probably never will again. Fuck em.
I feel like Ark would be a decent game if they just... had people work together on a massive sprawling map somehow, instead of this pvp-focused bullshit. I got to a point in Ark where I looked at what I had attained, my sexy t-rexes I had hatched myself and raised to adulthood and etc. And I just stopped. Just stopped dead. It stopped being worth logging in just to keep these 1s and 0s alive. Especially not when some rando could come in and take it all away from me while I'm logged out for a laugh. Taming raptors, hatching dinosaurs, surviving the elements and building up a camp. It's got great minecraft-esque things buried underneath the six feet of liquid shite that is the pvp griefer's dream.
Repels last for a certain amount of steps. So it wouldn't reduce the amount you need to use. IIRC the super repel works for 250 steps. It'd cut down on the amount of random battles you get BEFORE you have access to repels.
Only issue I have is that between 0:32 and 0:38 we see a white half, and a red half, get combined in a machine and obviously fitted somehow, BUT Both the red and white half have no button. Neither of them, both halves coming from top and bottom, have a button! The button is magically applied when the balls are fitted together and just summoned from the ether and it feels... Wrong. Somehow.
Someone linked a Mary-Sue questionairre and if a character scored over 50 points they were DANGEROUSLY almost CERTAINLY mary-sueish. Rey scored 270 when I plugged it in.
https://www.springhole.net/writing/marysue.htm
I read the title of this article and literally loled. Fuck out of here with this 'no active cases'. Oh yeah, ground zero wouldn't have any cases, would it? Bwahahaha.
Oh yeah, I mean it's not like we have the statistical impossibility of their previous infection and case numbers to look back on and see that they've been telling *gross* lies about this shit since the beginning. https://www.indiatimes.com/technology/science-and-future/coronavirus-deaths-in-china-seem-fake-hints-a-mystery-mathematicians-online-prediction-506073.html Anyone trusting any numbers coming out of China is gullible at best and a bad actor at worst. Downvote me all you like, snowflake. Doesn't change facts! :D
I think the fact that an officer knelt on an unresponsive guy's **fucking neck** for eight full minutes while people pointed out that he was killing the dude might have more to do with the dude dying than any pre-existing condition. You could bring Stephen Hawking back to life and put him under that officer's knee and it would still be murder because **hey a cop was kneeling on his fucking neck for eight minutes**.
Tim Minchin does a great bit on the Qu'ran, which is much in the same vein. https://videosift.com/religion/video/Tim-Minchin-Sacredness Some weird website because I literally can't find the same video on youtube any more.
KiA2 will be on the chopping block long before KiA is. They're our canary in the coal mine.
I was on a bus one time. Long distance bus in Australia. These aren't like the buses you're used to, probably. This thing leaves where I live in the afternoon and gets to the big city the next morning. A solid 14+ hours on a fucking bus. We pull up at this break stop. And the driver has to turn the bus off during stops; legal, safety reasons, whatever. But the bus goes entirely quiet. I don't know if you've ever heard absolute silence after eight+ hours of constant motor thrumming, but it's so eerily quiet. I wanted to breath less heavily to preserve the silence. When people down the bus moved, you could clearly hear the sound of the fabric of their clothes brushing against the seats. It's wild. And this little motherfucker, this 8-12 year old motherfucker (I'm not good at guessing ages tbh) starts eating crisps and CHEWING WITH HIS FUCKING MOUTH OPEN. Dead fucking silence, and he's just sitting there, with this loud-ass bag of crisps, happily chewing away **WITH HIS MOUTH OPEN**. It sounded like he was an inch from my ear! And the mother of this fucking animal had the hide to whisper 'stop chewing so loud'. NO, BITCH. TEACH YOUR KID SOME COMMON FUCKING MANNERS. CHEW WITH YOUR MOUTH CLOSED. **FUCK**.
I have now been kicked from tower instances six times. Nothing is happening. What was the definition of insanity again?
inspect the hole next to Zavala to get the emblem
That's what I like about Shadow of War so much. All of your deaths are 'canon' and the orcs actually respond to it when next you meet them like 'oi, didn't I fucking kill you already?!'
Hence why they'll be on the chopping block LONG before this place is. It was literally started by someone permabanned from here. Basically the manifestation of the 'I'm going to make my own subreddit, with blackjack and hookers!'.
Sums up every single metal gear solid game I have ever played.
'Hanlon's Laser: Never attribute to lasers what can be adequately explained by stupidity' I FEEL PERSONALLY ATTACKED.
Oh my god. 'Look who's talking now'! I watched that when I was a kid! I loved it! holy shit I haven't thought of that movie for... twenty years it must be now. I still remember. Cookies and dirt!
I don't consider it a talent on talent shows because it's fucking ubiquitous, and therefore *bland as fuck*, along with there being a dozen other shows *specifically for singers*. I saw one of those talent shows where there was a 'master samurai' or whatever it was and he was cutting zucchinis against someone's skin without cutting them, and then afterwards, he put the blindfold on this *random fucking middle-aged woman* from the audience and had her attempt to do the same thing to him, and copped a sword strike right on the chest, which went cleanly through the top of several zucchinis before whacking the blade directly against his chest. Dude got up and just had a red mark. I dunno what the fuck that is but it's fucking talent. Don't know what happened to the dude but I'll bet money RIGHT FUCKING NOW that the season ended with a HUGELY CLIMATIC FINALE between two cunts who can make mouth noises gud. *edit* It wasn't on an actual talent show, but he did appear in a few of them. I forgot how wince-inducing the clip was. Holy shit. [ouch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-CTgUI0DYo)
Oh no.
We literally just has a huge event happen on earth. DAYS before the new season. The fire is still raging in the distance, visible from the tower. It makes the most sense to me that the new activity will be over where the Almighty crashed. They spent a lot of effort making it significant.
You need to unlock it via the artifact. Once you have done that, you right-click (or equivalent if on console) your hand-cannon, and in the far-right slot (unless it's a black armory weapon, in which case it's the second-last slot) will allow you to put in mods such as more mag, icarus grip, etc. The unstoppable mod will be in that list. Equip it to the hand cannon. Now, when you aim down sights, if you wait without firing for a good second-to-second-and-a-half your gun will flash and it will play a sound effect. Your bullet is now 'unstoppable' and will stagger unstoppable champions.
Then you're either not trying to equip it on a hand cannon, or you haven't unlocked it via your artifact. There's also a slim possibility you have a very, very old handcannon that isn't 'compatible' with the new mods, but any weapon that can accept a mod has let me put the seasonal mod on it.
What hand cannon specifically? Have you tried it with any other hand cannons?
If you can get the pants that give you more quiver arrow things, then it's no contest. Arrows all the way. The blades are only really good for pvp, in my opinion. Your slashes move around too much, enemies do too much damage to you for you to keep slashing at them and if you don't down them by the time your miniscule super runs out, you're now standing directly in front of them as a paper-armored class and congratulations, your own super just killed you. The bow lets you do crazy damage at scout rifle range, especially against larger enemies. You can do insane damage that the knives definitely cannot do. Knives are cool in theory, but even the limited invisibly is completely redundant against the bottom tree's smoke bomb. The knives just don't do enough damage to justify how close you have to get to enemies. And their aim SUCKS. If you want to clear trash from around a boss, you can often get stuck just slashing the boss repeatedly, or skip around the big yellow bar enemy just hitting the red bars surrounding him. The bow has precision aim and lets you nuke things. Aim for the pants that give extra arrow energy and never look at the blades ever again unless you need to do pvp quest steps.
Was that a fucking titan doing a sword super? I AM AROUSED
/r/p(olit)ics
I've determined the rewards: FUCKING NOTHING. The reward chest must be bugged. That's the only thing I can think of. I'm getting the exact same loot from it (1000 glimmer and 2 destination materials with the SUPER occasional blue drop) that I'd get from a random world chest.
What next? We remove Predator because Arnie has military facepaint on during it and that's totes the same as blackface?
&gt; fetengerititis Congratulations I googled this and this comment was the only result. You made a brand new word that is complete gibberish.
I poured battery acid all over your car! But isn't it surprising and thrilling?!
[You either die](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ce/Star_wars2.svg/330px-Star_wars2.svg.png) [A good series](https://d1yjjnpx0p53s8.cloudfront.net/styles/logo-thumbnail/s3/042018/untitled-2_305.png?XV62zOnOI7WizQ5uF5.Z_pN1HnYFfiKI&amp;itok=T27DwdU2) [Or live long enough](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d8/Game_of_Thrones_title_card.jpg) [To see yourself](https://insidepulse.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Predator-logo-500x194.png) [Become shit](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/93/Jurassic_Park_%28franchise_logo%29.png)
Maybe they fixed it, but I went from 750-1000 on three classes at the start of the year, and I only managed to get to 1000 by saving up dickloads of dust and throwing it in the christmas forge. Not an experience I would wish on anyone. Mayhap they fixed it since then? In which case I'd say forges are the way to go!
Well, the strikes are kind of... ehhhhhhh. They can take anywhere from 15-20 minutes to do ONE, your rewards are often a token blue drop from the end chest as well as whatever dropped during the strike itself. But the forges, you can knock one of those out in 10 minutes, they drop engrams during the fights, there's constant streams of enemies (not a lot of downtime, more murder, more killing = more engrams per hour) and they're very simple! Also you can forge black armory weapons while you do them, which are legendary drops, and probably would increase light level even further on a successful forging? Black forges just have the whole murder-at-speed thing going for them.
The same way people feel when they threw out a hard drive containing a thousand bitcoins. Back when bitcoin were worth a cent a bitcoin. It's speculative value. It's like looking at the lottery and saying 'fuck, I wish I'd invested in those winning numbers instead of these numbers that lost!' How can you be mad? You made a decision based on the moment it happened in and the fickle fates decided that the thing you passed on became the new big thing. Just like tinder. And Grindr. And Lyft. And Uber. And who the fuck would have thought that a little thing like airbnb would fuck up housing prices across the world? A lot of people would have passed on an app that just lets you rent out a room of your house.
I had that thing show up while I was in there the first time. I thought it was just a glitch, because it's always in the same spot when you move around and move your camera, no matter what you do. One test would be to emote, and see if it's relative to your camera. If it's not relative to your camera movement, then I'd chalk it up to a skybox element bugging out.
Because it's this subreddit. I honestly don't know. Click on 'new' and look at all the downvoted shit. I think just 'having an opinion about an element of the game' is enough for people in 'new' to downvote you.
Go see Ada in the tower. You'll want to look up a guide, because she'll send you to find a forge warden out in the world. And they have specific spawn spots and aren't always around.
&gt;the Traveller and the Darkness leave our system I uh. Don't know if you've looked outside the tower recently but the Traveller isn't exactly in great shape. That thing aint going NOWHERE.
Thanks for the info! At least we know that it's largely useless as a way to progress. 100 engrams is a LOT.
This shit was last year? I'd guess it was 2016. Has it really only been a year?! Chappelle talked about that shit. In a netflix comedy special! It couldn't be that recent. January 29, 2019 18 months. A year and a half... So not... *recent* recent. But still more recently than it feels.
HOLY FUCK it's only been six months since that airliner was shot down in Iran. And only six months since they killed that Iranian general dude. Fucking hell you aint wrong about time dragging on. I think this whole coronavirus thing has the world in slow motion.
Dude I just watched him make a knife out of fucking seawater and some shells.
He crushed up the glass to mix with other materials. They were all different densities and won't mix, and they all ended up in the inside of the knife itself.
Destiny 2 is probably one of the worst signposted games I've ever played. I know what I'm doing NOW, but it literally took a friend who knew all the systems to walk me through how to do everything and what was new and old content. Seriously, a new player joins. They don't know that the story missions are old. Do they do strikes? Bounties? What about the patrols? The missions on the planet? They go to the tower, they're now being badgered about the crucible, about TRIALS OF OSIRIS of all fucking things, and then the black armory. They go to Nessus and now they're being told about the Menagerie. Drifter starts gabbing off about his Gambit thing, interspersed with him telling you about the new light activities on IO and whatnot. Then you say 'fuck that I'm going to do some story missions and hopefully this shit will all get explained later' so you go to mars but WHOOPS now you're involved in escalation protocol! Go back to earth to try and chill out from all these new systems being *vomited* at you and you might just get involved in the seasonal content by accident and have no fucking idea what any of it does or how it related to what you're meant to be doing. Spend twelve hours slogging through the story and find out that the story doesn't even matter any more and the only way to have continued the story was to be around for all the old seasonal events. It's a fucking mess.
Can you link a screenshot, please?
Man these fucking simpletons can't even get the comment section on Kotaku to agree with their blatant bullshit lmao. That's a new low! Every single comment on their own website is pointing out how shite their angle is.
Hmmm, interesting! So it might just be a cool flood feature and not a secret? I'm just leaning towards it being significant (or something in there being significant) due to them giving you 500 full seconds to roll around in there after you finish the mission.
That's the one I was looking at too, but it's just not even close. That one is really, really ordered, with all of the U-turns and whatnot clustered around the cardinal directions (North, East, South, West) but the maze in the Cradle is all over the place. I still got my Warlock to go, and I intend to knock out a bunch of stuff on them tomorrow. I might get a bunch of screenshots from as many angles as possible and recreate the maze in MS Paint or something.
You think the American protests are hypocritcal? I'm from Australia. I'm aboriginal! But because some white piece of shit leaned on some African-American dude's neck for damn near nine minutes in America, on the other side of the world, everyone over here in Australia has to get up and go out and march in the fucking streets in protest of *Aboriginals* dying in custody. DURING A PANDEMIC. The whole world has gone fucking insane.
It takes 5-14 days for symptoms to manifest. A good chunk of people who catch it are asymptomatic, and what with constant protests, the people out marching in the streets probably aren't rocking up at the hospitals to get tested. You gotta look at case numbers not as a definite thing, but rather 'this is the number of people who were TESTED and also carried the virus on this day'. If something stops them from getting tested, their numbers aint gonna show.
https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-06-15/coronavirus-cases-at-melbourne-pakenham-springs-primary-school/12354622 https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-06-11/victorian-black-lives-matter-protester-diagnosed-coronavirus/12343130 Dunno about Germany mate, but it's definitely climbing over here due to the protests.
Community transmission was lessened by the *social distancing*. These protests are ignoring the social distancing. Infection chances are negligible *when following social distancing rules*. Like wearing a mask, etc. The article you linked, the dude even says: '“Australians are reminded that in our recent past a single person infected more than 35 others,” the committee’s advice states. “This virus is very, very infectious. It will be with us in one way or another for many months to come.”' And these protests were RECENT. Like a week or two ago. And those 'only two people' at the protests are people we *know*, for FACT, have the coronavirus. And they were out walking the streets with other protestors. They *will* have given it to other people. Community transmission is only reduces to a low level by people social distancing. The people marching in the street are not social distancing. Fuck, half of them aren't even *wearing masks*.
I didn't even know the Horizon sequel got announced. I don't have a ps anything, since my old ps2. I found the trailer hilarious though. 'Exclusive to playstation' immediately followed by 'play has no limits'. So what is it, hmmmm?
I'd say all the free games are desperately trying to get fartnut kids to create a library on epig so that they won't move to the platforms that actually give a quarter of a fuck about their customers when they grow up and start playing other games.
I'm billing you the fee for finding my eyebrows because about 30-40 seconds through that link they disappeared into my hairline like the vietcong fading into the jungle in a 90's Vietnam movie.
&gt; After a year A month, tops. Unless you only glance at the front page in passing once every few days.
They don't even need to do that when they can just use new accounts to downvote shit they don't want people to see. Back when notreddit.top was working it was incredible to see the astroturfing in action. That's five years ago, now. It's no doubt gotten worse and more widespread since then. People selling their accounts to be used for guerilla marketing certainly doesn't help though.
Imagine being so cowardly as to cold-clock someone who's carrying shopping bags in both hands so there's literally no chance of them defending themselves. Especially when there's five of you. Fucking hell they must feel so *brave*.
Damn near two decades ago where I lived in small-town Australia there was a 'trailer trash' family who got in trouble with the law enough that their parrot learned to screech 'THE FUCKING COPS ARE HERE' whenever the cops actually showed up.
&gt; After his initial incarceration he didn’t know how to function as a free citizen How DO people getting out of jail reintegrate with the world? This is one thing I've never understood. If they don't have any family or friends, if they're just a 'loner', they go to jail, lose the house they were renting, lose all their possessions on the 'outside' and then they're turned out to a bus station after getting out of jail with a couple of dollars in their pocket and... that's it? They just have to wander around looking for an apartment without a job and looking for a job without an apartment?
Me too! I mean it tastes okay, but it's so... AIRY. It's so... uh, what's the opposite of 'dense'? It's like cotton candy. You're taking these great big bites of **NOTHING** only to crunch it down to a few little slivers of actual content. And then there's the seeds, and the juices getting everywhere and just ugh. Give me a fucking banana over a watermelon any day of the week.
dude I wish I could be in my single-digit years again just running around fishing and getting that one fish bigger than the screen. Or the eel hiding under the log and shit. I spent DAYS just fishing, and nothing else.
&gt;plot of Jake and the crew going after corrupt cops They've literally already done that, when they took down The Golden Gang.
I remember reading some shit about a guy who went into the system deliberately as a study or something, and it was basically impossible for him, a completely sane person, to get out of the system, no matter what he did or said.
I played that race track mission long enough to figure out how to do it silent assassin, suit-only, accident-kills, with a fucking sniper rifle in a suticase, a silenced pistol and a lockpick and THAT'S IT, in under five minutes. Makes you feel like an actual assassin when you figure out shit like that. No other game can come close to that.
My grandfather told me that one, except the much-simplified version of it. 'That axe there is my grandfather's. I've replaced the handle three times and the head twice'.
Basically 'if you describe a sphere without including volume, you can make the sphere any size you want lol'
One of my favorite quotes from Bill Burr is about all the hollywood phonies telling him not to vaccinate his kid. And he just said it so fucking calmly and simply. 'I kinda realised that everyone telling me that didn't have a doctor's PHD on the wall behind them'.
Bin Laden was originally armed by the CIA to fight against the soviet union. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allegations_of_CIA_assistance_to_Osama_bin_Laden That ended well.
I fucking *raged* at an ebay seller thinking they only sold me half a goddamn product until I more clearly checked the box. Honestly what a stupid fucking idea. Who the fuck sells an electronic device with no way to charge the fucking thing? 'Oh but everyone has a charger' get fucked they do! Especially not for that weird fucking obese-USB-C size port.
&gt; It's not like there was zero indication of this on the box I purchased it off e-bay, back when ebay was good. And there literally was no indication. The only indication was black text on a maroon backround on the *side* of the box the machine came in, which you couldn't even see in any of the preview pics. Literally this, if it works: https://www.amazon.com/New-Nintendo-3DS-Monster-Hunter-Ultimate/dp/B00TKOQYV6 Doesn't say there's no charger. Scroll down to the comments! They share the same sentiment, from many years ago! Fucking kek. The iphone at least has the argument that they carry a cord in the box that can plug into a usb charger or whatever. The 3ds was fucking awful on a whole 'nother level because sellers give no indication that there's not even a cord in the box and if you have to purchase it online (like for instance if you live in the middle of literally nowhere in Australia like I do) you probably live in an area where you can't get hold of regular chargers easily, let alone whatever the fuck nintendo was using back then.
Reminds me of that reddit post of the guy who jacked off to scat-porn constantly and only realised how much he hated it IRL when it literally landed on his chest.
Don't worry guys, I'm from Australia and it's Tuesday here. The big 'Monday ban wave' didn't happen!
