Potatoes and onions keep a very long time if you can try to mimic a cellar as much as possible -- dry, cool, dark. If not just leave them on the counter and make sure they stay dry, you'll still wind up using them I'm sure. I keep a mix of both dry and canned beans on hand, canned tomatoes, dry pasta, canned tuna, frozen peas. Really though you need to just plan your meals better. Go to the store once a week and only buy stuff you are going to cook. Going more than once is ideal if you have the time or don't want to eat leftovers all week. A lot of fresh produce can still last a long time. Carrots you can throw in the fridge in a tupperware full of water and they stay crisp for weeks instead of going limp after 2 days. Oh, cabbage seems to last forever. Squash does too. Really though unless you want to eat frozen foods you need to go at least once a week. Learn to enjoy it, take inspiration from the seasonal produce in deciding what to cook. Let a pretty veg or cut of meat dictate your meals.
Gotta put an H at the end.
Both!
Do you guys not eat dinner? I'm always amazed at people needing to make something specific for lunch lol. Leftovers!
That's one of those things where you buy pictures and hang anyways. Nail holes are not noticeable after painting. Obviously wouldn't be hanging a heavy mirror or wall mounting my TV unless I planned to be there awhile.
Robert would not have taken convincing were it coming from Ned's mouth. He'd be there, and stoked to fight a war to boot. Give his days some meaning. I'm not sure on Tywin, that's an interesting ponder. My first thoughts are that he'd on paper be on board but trying to keep his guys in the back and out of harms way to be in the best position possible once it's over.
Looks great, wish I could win a fresh, giant lobster. On the dough just crank your oven higher than 450! Pizza dough loves high temps. Max your oven out.
I love prime rib and horseradish but Ive never tried it with a different cut for some reason.
Absolutely, the parents are caricatures for sure. Great way to put it.
I agree with the relationship aspect there. The rest of the show, particularly both sets of parents, just floundered for me.
$2/serving seems very expensive to me for a pasta meal without any meat or pricey veggies. Tomatoes, garlic, onions, mushrooms are all super cheap.
I'll argue with anyone saying Ep1 is the worst Star Wars movie. Jar Jar and kid Anakin are annoying, sure. Star Wars has annoying characters in every movie though. Pod racing was pretty cool and QuiGon and Darth Maul are two of the best characters in all of Star Wars. How anyone can watch Episode 2 and think it's a better movie than 1 is beyond me.
His ghost is back to Anakin instead of Darth, I guess?
I've wondered if I have this because a lot of nights when I lay down I instantly can't breathe out of my nose. Is that familiar to you? Like I can breathe OK before bed and then have to be a mouth breather once I hit the pillow.
A lot of people think 1 is the worst. Most that I've talked to.
Sounds good, I might have to check it out. I really enjoy plugy and playing self found. I lost my install though so havent come back in awhile although I want to. Playing Enjoy SP might be the way to go, get a nice ease boost. I remember in middle school farming just all day every day, never getting bored doing cows or Meph. Wish I had that kind of focus as an adult. Some of my favorite memories in D2 were after coming back from a break, starting out fresh on bnet. I'd buy something like 5 high runes and then start flipping items. Sit in trade games all day and before I knew it I'd have 15HRs worth. That was always one of my favorite parts of the game.
The first one of each was a fantastic reboot. Each sequel has been garbage however. Not sure who is to blame for TLJ, I heard JJ didn't have a plan at all, so that's silly when setting up a trilogy. But then again Rian should have been able to come up with a better plan than that.
Looks great, thank you for showing before and after. I love seeing the scoring patterns on dough vs how they turn out.
I thought it was an awful movie. The fight scenes were cool, sure. The plot all around was boring or silly though for me.
I have a 140lb Great Dane and I've thought about this before. Once he was zooming all over the place and tripped and tumbled and started limping. Was so scared he was hurt and we were miles from the car, not sure I could have done it. Luckily he was fine.
I havent met a single person that thought it was more than OK. I know a lot of people online like it, but out of the hundred in my office everyone just said "eh, it was OK. Cool fight scenes". That's all it had going for it, the Snoke guard scene.
I forget what size mine is. I want to say 13 squares? 1400 sqft house, pretty flat pitxh too.
I got four quotes. I ended up spending 14k for new roof + gutters.
Ill have to give Battlefront2 a shot, have you played it?
I really have no desire to play SP games these days. I'll check them out still, thanks for the suggestions.
And very legal
I've never tried making these, but I need to now. Do you have a preferred recipe?
That looks amazing. What delivery vehicles do you have for it?
Pretty much. Just like how Indians have samosas. Most cultures have a stuffed dough.
I have the wife but no other family here and she's sick. Definitely not feeling festive here. I made a salmon dish and drank a bunch of beers and watched Starship Troopers. Overall a great night but it sure doesn't feel like Christmas. https://i.imgur.com/zhER6ot.jpg
Ended up getting two different Feed the Mass classes, thank you for the suggestions.
Paint the cabinets (and seal no matter what anyone tells you. Even with durable and glossy paint they still stain and are impossible to clean without a clearcoat), put in floating LVP, new countertops. You could do it for just a few hundred if you are on budget, go look at HD or Ikea, there are some nice looking laminates. Tile backsplash. You could do it for under 2k if you DIY and do the cheaper stuff. Standard subway tile and laminate countertops.
Yeah I'd say about a week and a half to two weeks for completion. I usually have a 3 day or so painful phase where it's coming in and all red and very sensitive. Then once it glosses over and goes white they're not that bad anymore. Not too sensitive anymore, main thing that sucks is if it's on my gums and it swells up my teeth with hurt from cramping together. Lasts like that for probably a week and then quickly shrinks away. I don't medicate. I've tried a few things and switching around toothpastes and diets and nothing helped. Mine are definitely stress related.
Eastside is great for walking around and lots of pubs and restaurants and what not. The actual downtown isn't anything special.
I think there are off brands out there, can't recall what the ingredients are. I would have a pest control come out seasonally if I didn't have pets. Good luck!
I really disliked both Adem and Felurian sections not because they were smutty, but because they are a 14yo boy's wet dream. It was just so, for lack of a better word, cringey.
Corner cabinet thing to hide them and then put a piece of art or candles or what not on top.
I keg too but I'll disagree on this. I would rinse out my bottles and let airdry and then store in a rubbermaid. The night before bottling I'd throw them in the dishwasher, without soap of course, and wash/sanitize that way. Bottles definitely had the upper hand on cleaning in my opinion.
Moving to [insert any big city]. I'm guilty of it as well, I moved to Oregon because I was sick of living in the shit south. I do wonder what life would have been like here 20 years ago when you could afford to live relatively cheaply, travel around without much traffic, actually do the beautiful hikes without 100 other people. One time I wanted to do a very popular hike, got there at 8am and saw probably 200 cars. Gave up and took a day off work during the week and hit it at 7am, saw a whopping 4 cars then. Sure I can do non-instagram view hikes that are fantastic still, but sometimes I do want that awe-inducing overlook. Just think of all that kind of stuff our parents and grandparents got to enjoy that we don't. The monetary quality of life they had from a single job is of course the main thing, but being able to drive without massive traffic, random camping along a lake that's not all bought up cabins now, etc. I'd love that.
Wish I had a dream. I hate my job and don't know what to do to make it better. No job that I'm qualified for interests me in the slightest.
People won't you are correct. With a fraction of the military defense budget we could have an astounding education bill however. We could promote meatless cooking classes. We could cut down on plastic use significantly by simple things like packaging regulations. The amount of plastic I can't avoid is asinine. Metal things wrapped in plastic. Why? Ban plastic shopping bags. Stricter car regulations. Subsidize green energy. There are a lot of things that we can do that won't really affect the average person but still make a difference. We really need to go more drastic to get to the root of the problem but babysteps are still an improvement.
But not the war on Christmas kind. Freedom coffee™
Mine struggled for two weeks until I switched to bottled water and kept it somewhere a bit more warm when it's feeding. Some of the bugs you want are pretty susceptible to chlorine so it's best not to use tap water. My wife always has a bunch of mineral water on hand so I just use that. If your oven has a light inside that's an easy way to do it, just make sure you don't accidentally bake your starter. I personally throw mine ontop of my water heater. I never follow strict guidelines. Probably do about 3/4cup flour and half a cup water. I like mine pretty loose so it's easier to mix in the container I use. I never throw starter out either, sometimes I'll have almost a pint built up before I make some stuff (either dough or use the starter for pancakes just to get rid of some). They're pretty indestructible too. I keep mine in the fridge and feed every few weeks if I'm not using it. I once went 4mo and figured it was dead. No mold or anything on it and after a single feeding it was doubling again.
Weather would be the main Portland-specific place. If you don't like months-long stretches of rain then you should pass. But, I see you are from the UK so I'd imagine you will be accustomed to that. I've never been but I hear it's similar dreariness. Apart from that, honestly big(ger) cities are about the same. Traffic is shit, housing is expensive. Parts of town are full of hobos, others are fine.
Summers in OR are dry and usually quite nice from an American standpoint. Lots of 80 degree days and it cools down at night to where you can open your windows and not need AC. Then some weeks of 90-100F days that are awful. Those seem to be increasing every year though thanks to climate change. Lots of nice stuff like berry picking and hiking and stuff to do in the summer. For where to live I don't have a good answer to that. I live down in the burbs now to be closer to work and I wish I wasn't, but oh well. Traffic is shit and live close to where you work or you'll waste your nights away. If you are work from home then look along your own axis of affordability and walkability. Keep in mind proximity to the MAX.
I love the black one. What's that colouring pattern called?
I never serve a loaf. Slice that bad boy up and sit in the kitchen devouring the crusty end first.
Interesting and the title sounds fantastic. I've only had bone marrow once and it was too salty to appreciate. Never had it apart from dishes where it's rendered into the base. Curious how you'd describe it.
If I can boop the snoot that's real enough for me!
I thought you said Portland and I was hoping to come eat some pierogi :(
Great points and I agree absolutely. Curb and Seinfeld have great situational humor related to societal norms but it's deeper than that. I'm having a hard time describing it, but it's not just basic shock humor I guess for lack of a better term. A lot of shows once you get past a 10yr mark the "shock" aspect is nonexistent so you are left with just an aged joke or bigotry. Larry is beyond that for sure. Any of Seinfeld's jokes that are based on race/sex are still hilarious to this day even though they're from the 90s. Not many shows can say that.
I watched at least half an hour of it and was bored enough to turn off. To be fair I was tired so that played some role, but I still have no real desire to finish it. I'll give it a shot eventually incase the payoff is worth it but in the age of movies-at-home you gotta have something appealing in the first half. Absolutely nothing happened in what I saw.
Will Smith hasn't been an A list actor in 15yrs.
Pack in more fat and protein. A lot of smoothies people try to just do fruits and veggies. Peanut bubber, dairy and a bit of oats to round it out will leave you quite full for sure,
just a little tip: ur wrong
Dog food for me. Unfortunately anytime we go my wife buys $150 worth of snacks she doesn't need, lol.
Garrosh. Outside of the early lane I feel so inimpactful.
First was fun but just ok. Second was pretty silly. Had no desire to watch the third.
No, they are living together in harmony in my mouth.
Biiiiiiitch
That sure was a hold lol. Dope ass defense though. Man what a hockey game. I'm rooting for the blues personally but this game has been great. Fantastic hits all around.
It sure was a hold. Just sick of bruins fans in this thread acting like that call fucked their wife. Refs happen and that's not too bad of one all things considered.
NHL rules are a fuckin joke lol. Obvious but they won't allow a challenge? God I hate that.
It not being called is on the refs, not Bozie.
I hate going against the both of them. The damage is insane. And decent cc too.
Oh I know, I meant I hate going against them together lol. Although last time we had genji illidan so I felt bad for them, easy win. KT/jaina with any good tank is just silly.
nah he too laze lol
Hah yup. My Dane was 116lbs at 10mo and 140 now at 4.5yrs. Ive gained about that in this time as well lol
Looks great. As a Blues fan I'd be willing to shake your hand for that.
Enter Sandman is just mild hype too. Throw on some For Whom The Bell Tolls and get the hype really fuckin flowin
And anyone who doesn't sucks cock by choice!
hah!
Lol go watch soccer
Rask is a fuckin God
If blues had a decent PP they would have won the cup already. It's pathetic.
Rask is a God and doesn't give up rebounds. Always catches it. I agree overall though.
I don't get being huge into fast food burgers at all. In n out has shit fries tho
PP vvv soft
Blais been ass tonight
Do retired NBA pros wind up with concussions and stuff? I dont think it's that physical just wondering if he has delayed reactions now. Although even just going from 19 to 29 Ive noticed a significant decline. Or really not everyone is great as every game, might just be it. Maybe he destroys on COD lol
Glad you had fun. Sure is a good town to drink in. That's nice you aren't stuck on ship most of it.
March can be really good on choke point fights. Anyone doing it for a keep is morons.
Once had my girlfriend grandma give me a Dawn flavored apple, lol.
That's fantastic. How old were you when you found out?
Mate, gluten free flour is the trick if you ever want to skip the parchment. I use rice flour personally.
ya kids are pretty retarded
Yours looks great. I'm on my phone so not gonna watch that video but check out the Serious Eats one too. It works very well. But yours looks great so no need changing anything! Also -- pizza loves high temperatures. Always do as high as your oven can get.
&gt; Properly raised Japanese wagyu is regulated In Japan at least. Important thing to note. You'll notice the US has lots of domestic Champagnes instead of them all being Sparkling Wines, too. That's not to say that American raised wagyu or champagne or whatever is worse or better, it's just a technicality on the definition. For a US centric example you have bourbon -- nothing foreign can legally be marketed as bourbon inside the US.
Not sure why you are being downvoted. Ground cow is not ground cow. Absolutely the taste, texture and flavor will change depending on your meats in the grind. That said wagyu is a technicality so your burger isn't made from the 300$/steak stuff. But top comment still wrong on ground beef is ground beef.
But they put things in bowls just like the rest of us, lol.
Not nervous.
Never stopped me before
Rask is a God and the only reason behind the blues awful PP that this went to game 7. Binny played an amazing game tonight but I'd still give the vote to Rask this series.
I've yet to meet a religious person that can answer that David Hume "if God is omnipotent" quote. It summaries my thoughts on religion entirely. Either god isn't real, isn't omnipotent, or doesn't care. Either way unworthy of worship.
Well when your masculinity springs from eating steaks and being fat it's a tough sell.
Lightbomb is the better ult overall regardless of team.
Perennial's Abraxas is one of the best stouts I've ever had. Absolutely top notch.
I don't think I have ever had alphadelic, is that their flagship? Love citrus mistress tho. Looks fun, report back!
I miss old azmodan and abathur with tower ammo. I even played teamfight focused but still getting that macro push in was great.
The AI has gotten worse every patch for the past 2 years. I don't understand how that makes sense, but it does honestly. Used to be if you had a teammate leave you could ping them and they'd be very bad, of course, but at least try to help in a teamfight. The past year they basically just run around and either bug out and run in a circle, or they die in mid randomly where they shouldn't be.
DEAD GAME, literally unplayable.
I haven't known any trans people as they were transitioning but I gotta say every gay friend that came out of the closet was unbearably annoying for a year or two. Then became good friends again afterwards. Wonder if it's the same thing with self discovery.
If you are paycheck to paycheck then home ownership isn't for you mate. Not trying to shit on you but homes are damn expensive. Taxes and maintenance will clip that half price much closer. Homes are more about lifestyle quality than financial sense.
I've always wanted a bar with fun drunk food. Whole menu of different gourmet tater tot combos. Poutines, etc. Can do a lot with it.
Makes me feel better about some of the shit jobs I've done to my house, haha
And countless jobs, tax revenue, further r and d for our own weapons etc. Not saying it's a good thing we should focus on but the US most definitely benefits from arms sales...
Yeah I see it all the time. Honestly I love playing Nazeebo into these comps usually. Toad damage for days! And if you need to win on a macro level you usually can. Can hold objectives well. With garg, wall and ice block you can usually body them very safely.
wow that's sex
It doesn't really watch the same, not comedic, but the leftovers is great if you're wanting more exploration of living with grief and loss.
The mech is basically useless apart from bomb. They need to nerf pilot and buff the mech for sure.
The main thing is individual merit. There are easy cases of useless individuals protected by their union, so some people get frustrated by that. Especially when a layoff happens and that guy keeps his job but the hard working younger employees don't because of seniority. But that argument is ignorant of the benefits of unions and collective bargaining.
I honestly think all the healers are great. I have really good success with deckard. Strong heals, decent roots, lorenado is amazing. Stuk silence is just amazing fun to use. Lucio ult wins games. Bw is overall just really strong. Tyrande stuns are exciting. Rehgar would be my least favorite I think but I know a lot of people like him.
Wish I felt like an adult. I have a house, wife, professional career and I still feel like a little kid. Nothing I want to do more than run away from responsibility and get drunk while playing video games.
Movie was great, definitely recommend. There's a very loud and circlejerky minority of diehard comic book fans angry about minor changes in it. Most love it.
Smells like poor people
Yep.
I wish there were grades of NSFW. Some people tag a lady in a bikini, the next is someone playing Beethoven on their twat and I definitely regret clicking that.
I honestly hate the general culture of declining gifts and generosity. When I want to do something nice for someone and they argue and turn it down it's annoying.
Kid centric movies, no thanks.
I know this is a dumb answer because of it being so critically acclaimed, but I haven't met a single person IRL that has even heard of Fleabag. I keep spreading the gospel just hoping I can talk to a friend or coworker about it.
Grim Dawn looks closer to Diablo 2 than it does to Diablo 3 in my opinion. It's pretty rough.
The contrast of the dark bubblybois and then the slash there is just beautiful, nice work!
Didn't a dude win a million bucks for placing a ten or twenty dollar bet on the blues to win the cup at the start of the season? In Vegas.
True. Something doesn't add up lol.
We call those dam poos.
I bought some big corded drill from harbor freight for $50ish years ago and have mixed many bags of concrete and also use it to run a grain mill which is pretty taxing. Has worked great for me. Make sure yours has the second handle so you can control it.
That's the most painful place to get one. Your tongue hit it everytime you swallow?
Litter stinks and a lot of cats mark too. Cat piss is one of the most pungent smells. Hopefully yours doesn't go outside the box. I hate going over to homes with cats. They all smell.
I don't have one but have had food cooked in one a few times. I would never buy one personally. Super gimmicky and not worth the hype in my opinion. Also seems to be a real pain to clean. I bought a cheap convection toaster oven for when I don't want to turn on the big oven.
Baking straight from fridge?
Barbs sure putting in work, goddamn
LOL what
My brother was a big drug dealer that was arrested three times before he finally served prison time. That jail time he was caught selling pills to an undercover, had a fake ID and an illegal gun. They dropped the ID and gun charges as a felony plea deal and he served 10mo before getting parole. Being white is fantastic.
I can barely get off the couch when my 140lb dog is only half laying on me, asleep. Can't imagine trying to fight off a 200lb beast attacking me.
midwest intensifies
Not sure specifically what you are talking about, but the benefit of the imitation meat ala Beyond and Impossible is because of environmental and animal welfare concerns.
It's a phrase, not meaning he can just declare for himself all of the money, lol.
Binny just letting up rebound after rebound. Still getting left out to dry largely though.
oh hey allen didnt let up a rebound. you can do that?
cries in 2.2m a yr
Actually fantastic. I hated him last year but he's been a monster in most games so far. Last year all he did was fall down, even if they shot high.
So does anyone know whats up, are the blues just hungover still from NYE?
Bortz is scared from his suspension I guess, haha
As a former 14yo when they were popular, they had two really good songs. That "I've been Crawling in the Dark" one and then The Reason one.
#bros
Damn surprised that didnt work out better.
I can't abide cheese ontop of the bun.
me tomorrow when i need to fart but i drank fourteen cheap beers watching hockey and am scared of shitting myself.
pinochs just wanted extra hunny mussy
man this sure is a 3rd period, damn!
What a jabroni knocking it out
What a dumb crosscheck lol
Man that 6 on 3 was surprisingly weak as fuck. What a dissapointment I was hyped as hell. Fluery a beast though tbf
Nemr year
She proposed job training assistance programs for coal workers. Exact same thing Bernie is saying. Don't make crap up.
The beard looks so fake and odd as hell. Weird.
Would smother lots of butter on that 10/10
Yep. They're horrible.
That was such a fun show to watch, especially with alcohol.
Is Frost good in twos?
Even with very dry wood I've never had anything half that easy. Must be insanely straight grain.
Two fish?
Cars, trucks and planes are two thirds of the US' emissions. This is moronic to say it's a tiny fraction.
Appears I was mistaken and overblowing it. It's still a third, and the largest overall source. https://www.epa.gov/ghgemissions/sources-greenhouse-gas-emissions Hardly a tiny fraction.
Again you are completely incorrect. https://www.epa.gov/greenvehicles/fast-facts-transportation-greenhouse-gas-emissions Look at the stats.
I've been soooo tempted to bake a bread with a penis scored onto it, since I'm a child.
Anyone else surprised Farrell hasn't been in more acclaimed stuff after In Bruges? I thought that movie would be a kingmaker for him.
Just tuning in. Let's fuckin go, I want some big hits and LAK to even it up so we have ourselves a fuckin game. Don't care who wins as long as they're aggressive. Edit: look at those shots in the past minute already. Nice.
That needs to be a tracked stat. Or maybe it already is, fuck if I know,
Poor Cali bros. I honestly haven't watched much LAK at all. I love to hate San Jose this season though so hopefully you score a couple points soon.
Ouch that breakaway. As a STL fan I'm familiar with the pain of a complete lack of speed. Wish your dude there had shot since there was a potential for a #juicyrebound
let's fuckin go!!
3-1 most dangerous lead, baby!
You guys just came within one goal and it's in teh third and people are still half asleep in the crowd. Is the beer too expensive there we have no Woo bros? Edit: some good offensive zone cheering I can hear. Still quiet overall though.
So I've never been to an NHL game to be able to say comparably. They're very packed and lively though so pretty entertaining. My friends have said they energy/loudness doesn't quite compare however.
I love wainscotting. Wish I had the house for it.
Just the same ol blues
Losing to SJS would literally be worse than war with Iran.
Love the Coolio organ lol
Blues lookin sloppy as hell so far. Classic blues tho you know my main mans Perry and Petro are about to just mail home some bangers.
Perhaps, from what I saw Binny stuck his stick out to poke at ice level and of course caused him to eat it. No idea if that's legal or not but seems goalies can do anything they want in the blue lol.
What questions are you bombing on? Hit me up. I'm great at pretending to know what I am talking about.
Im sure some team there was just full of savants getting 90% of the points too, right? I remember one time I was playing and there were just cutouts of a country. No data in it, just the border shape and that's it. No topograph, rivers, nothing. One team got all 10. How is that even possible.
Big Dick Binny
Gotdamn Blues gotta stop with the immediate shit passes into traffic.
That bozie play was fuckin tasty
Not a dirty hit in the slightest, man some people in here are crying over nothing. Still unfortunate and I sure hope he is fine. As a fan in the crowd you gotta love and cheer for the hits. They didn't know he hit his knees and was injured...
Yeah the games I go to have a 6 man limit but I'm only ever with 4. I bet they have strategic savants lol. Big difference having 2 more people.
I think everyone is just sick of an unfortunate but non-dirty hit being raged at because of shitty fans wanting to rage at everything. No STL fan wants Couture injured. It's unfortunate and he's a great player. Still it's hockey and hits happen. If people can't handle that they need to go watch soccer or shufflecock or whatever.
Did you watch the replay? What a crying homer. Bitch about your EK65 trade deal. Love watching your Captain do better than the Sharks down in Dallas.
Officially the first time I've ever seen an American fan base cry more than Canadian teams. Well done, Sharks. Would rather chat with Bruins. Alright now my posts are just bitching too, I'm back to cheering for hockey after this.
Was that uncalled for?
Dont forget the riots.
you ever smonk your own beans? its amazing
Do we got ourselves a fuckin hockey game now?!?!
"Then I will make it legal" - Meier, probably.
Oh shit I totally forgot about that. I remember last game knowing something was missing and then realized it eventually. What happened? Pulled groin in a warm up, right?
It's always a safe bet that Bortz will give yall a 5min major for absolutely no reason.
No lie I've been watching a shitton of hockey this season and Blues absolutely have the best casters solely because of Panger. I'm not a homer at all, honestly. Few year hockey fan and only reason I mainly watch the Blues is cause they were what introduced me to hockey. Them going from trash to The Cup didnt hurt. But if you care to scroll through my comments I drunkwatch anything that's on. Nothing compares to the STL casters from what I can recall. I remember seeing people say Dallas has a great team but my god they sound fairly boring. Most of the New England bros are such homers it's horrible.
Absolutely it is, what does he say?
Maybe I'm just trying to get out of the Iran WW3 draft but man most renditions of the US anthem suck. Flawed in that it's too high noted.
I'm digging this Kyrou dude. It's totally offsides but he's been a good addition.
Speaking of out of nowhere, any idea why they knocked Walker back down? That kangaroo fuck was doing so well.
I'd rather be a boner than a booger
I do think some of the male versions have been the best I've heard apart from just like Whitney Houston caliber ladies that can totally nail those high notes. Makes sense!
fuck.
Short handed goals Experience Blues hockey™
Wait Karlsson got the credit? Fuck that's the worst part.
ROR is a palindrome, scores on his own side. Makes sense.
It did.
Lol nice timing right before the net cam replay
I hope he's quite generous.
GG guys, this was a great 3rd period.
Honestly I just love to hate on him after that huge contract and how poorly he has done + what SJS let go to make it happen. Probably unjustified but fuckit.
At least they made some shots. Not gonna say it was great but wasnt as awful as half the teams.
Nothing pisses me off more on PP or 6on5 as having someone sit still and cycle pass it. Gotta keep it moving fuck.
Damn if that hadnt bounced!!
Alright just turning this on. I know I have listened to both in the past but cant recall any of them. CBJ or ANA casters, who is better? I have it on CBJ for about 40s now and tbh it seems low energy AF but has been mostly time out stuff. Edit: Switched to ANA and it's much better tbh.
Fuckin big dick Miller
Shit that's typically my hockey beer of choice but I'm not on it tonight. I'll have to keep that in mind next time I am watching yousguys.
Wow I don't know hockey rules enough. Had no idea Gerbe bringing it over would knock it offsides. Thought that was more for passes etc. Had posession then got checked, got it back and it's off?
What a great rebound and cycle.
Looks good! Make sure to keep a small fire going to the best results.
Essences and AP are a big drag to me. I just want to PvP but to even begin to be mildly competitive you have to pve a bunch.
When I was getting into sourdough it took me a solid month to get a starter good enough because my kitchen was way too cold and my oven light was burnt out. What eventually worked for me was just putting it ontop of my gas water heater close to the vent pipe. It wasn't that warm but definitely much better than my 62 or so kitchen. Now my starter has matured enough that even being abused and in the fridge for a long period of time it's up and running full speed after 1-2 feedings. So keep at it! Just takes awhile to build the culture at cooler temps. Also you can try the microwave + a mug of boiling water. Or buy a culture from King Arthur. I finally replaced my oven light and didn't realize it was a $4 bulb and 30s swap. Felt like a jackass for not doing it sooner. It'll keep dough or my starter at 82+. What I typically do is just randomly cycle it off here and there to keep the dough more at 78-80.
Good ideas! For kolaches are you talking sweet ones or are you a Texan and going for sausage and cheese filled? Both are amazing.
At some point you have to take a leap of faith and let diplomacy have a chance. If the US had elected an adult that didn't pull out of the nuclear deal with Iran we'd be on better terms. The past two years Iran is getting kicked like a dog even though they were honoring the deal. So yeah like a dog in a corner they're having to act out now. The best thing we can do for any country is try to globalize them. Look at Cuba. A lifetime of hostility that got nowhere but if we would open up the borders a bit our tourism money and infrastructure would bring revolution in a decade. Seemed to be starting but of course Trump is hindering that too. Sanctions are our most powerful tool and not one we should use without purpose. We've already been seeing Europe start to waffle on honoring them in full regarding Iran. Now with this brink of war and the complete abandonment of the deal we might see our main weapon largely dissolve. Our control of worldwide sanctions was more important than any of this.
Haha I am sure they did. I remember one weekend I was pulling yellow dandelions and my wife said not to, that she liked the color. So then I just start mowing over them (without a bag as I always do) and my backyard is so covered in them. Luckily they don't grow in my front yard at least lol.
You're not wrong. I was specifically talking about just how dirty this administration did them after their compliance in the nuclear deal. Sure sucks that as Americans our word means nothing anymore.
In Dallas you have pig races every break when the fans are running to concessions.
Are you just itching to go to war?
The main thing is it pushed Iraq further into the hands of the Iranians and also is diminishing our power on global sanctions against Iran. We won the blood fight I guess but you're a fool to think this was positive for the US. Completely destroying global will. Idiotic as hell.
So what is your point? Sounds like you don't want to ease tensions with Iran at all if you think doing anything equates to funding terrorist proxies. Pick that or war.
Are you saying that any economic relief to Iran is "literally" funding terrorism? Becuase again, that's a ridiculous stance and a non-starter to any peace negotiations. Enjoy war and terrorism instead.
Nope.
Oh neat designation.
I need to get some of these incase my toilet breaks.
remember to piss in bottles, not cans. ouch.
He's OK but that isn't enough for $6.5mil.
Did you ask for consent?
lol how fuckin silly
thanks im too lazy to type it out
"unbelievable. fuc-"
This has been a damn good PP guys, stronks
how come youre not seven beers deep by now?
IDK Ive never had a caffeine headache when Im on the alcohol. It's a superior power that cures it.
sanford bein a bit of a jabronie there
I honestly hate when teams bring it back. Seems silly to me.
Blues should flex on 'em and pull Binny for an extra man.
It was super worn out by Endgame too. If we see another round of unkillable Gods punching eachother through buildings without harm and fighting for the fake of the universe/mankind whatever I'm certainly not watching any until they're streaming for free and I'm very bored some weekday night.
This would only be used for dough, so basically a pass with a bench scraper and a wet towel wipe down is all you really need. But yeah soapy scrub and a thorough rinse for anything mucky. Moreso treat it like a counter top. Lots of wipe downs. I've never had one this sized but with some large ones I've had you quickly learn to prioritize what goes on it or not lol
IDK what the super 16 is but honestly parity in the NHL is insane. Last year proves that with how Blues, TBL, and honestly how half the playoffs went. Nothing like the other big leagues and having 3 teams guaranteed to win. well besides detroit and montreal lmao
Right I just came back and don't even feel like starting to gear because it's so daunting and I feel lost. Oh well time to start another alt lol
Don't stop the party
Not how I pick my boogers but you do you
Man having that goal scored after such work by some defensement is sad.
wow what a cycle
lol that offsides
Being an adult is so horrible that a glimmer of a day off work is just that great.
Don't feel bad. Companion seats aren't just for like caretakers... you're there because he's a human being and needs companionship.
Did you get enough steam for your liking? I have done the preheated pans and never got enough, haven't tried the towels. I need to buy some lavarocks or something. I have good success with dutch ovens of course but sick of only making round bread lol.
jabronie smith
They look delicious. Are they a typical bread or is there something special in there?
Those look fantastic although my fat self says you need to brush with butter after taking them from the oven! I always go back and forth on whether I like these or the layered flaky ones more. Really it doesnt matter as long as there's plenty of butter. What are you eating them with?
Even with the lower rated parchment it just goes black and brittle but never harms the bread, from what I've found.
This to me is 100% peak bread. Nice crust, crumb is not gummy, tight enough to hold butter/jam or sandwich ingredients but still looks light and airy. Great work, especially for a first try.
They don't look like terrible but not gonna lie they don't look like bagels. I'm sure they are delicious and that the next round will be much better with the lessons learned.
OwOoooo
https://giphy.com/gifs/3RtzXe2i1vYbe
Great save
Honestly I would too. In the past 10 years or so there's been more than a few stories of botched executions. The companies that know what they're doing have stopped producing the drugs and seems there's some ineffective stuff out there now. Few shots to the head sounds better than 8 hours of wheezing. Too bad you can't go out with a heroin OD
This looks amazing, can you give any more details? What is the bakers percentage of all the ingredients? How's the flavor of everything?
Man that's not something you really see often, lobbed over the net instead of passing around. Seems like it sure could be dangerous if ever given the chance and no defenseman around you.
Yeah I think you are right.
too cheap, how will people make money off it?!
my prediction was right btw
This game sure is just a back and forth on which defenseman fucked up most lol.
OwOoooo lol sorry that gets me everytime. All I can think of. *notices your goal
They're nothing special but majority black with some maroon accents is good to me. Don't like the white wreathe or whatever around the waist. Better than the yellow jerseys the jabronies are wearing.
Lol Horn there that's great. Nice hit!
What a fuckin hockey game this is great
hockey, mate. been a great even game. got ourselves some fuckin OT.
oh OK that's neat, hard to be upset about that. They're not ugly and if they have any significance that's neat.
I'd laugh about that but I wear a single glove like I'm Michael Jackson but it's cause I had a dog bite off half my pinky and it fuckin hurts when cold.
Shouldnt have his stick in the armpit wrappedu p around a chest then.
What a fuckin game
Say what you want about shootouts when it gets to this sudden death type stuff it's so damn fun.
No matter what team or player 90% of shootout shots are a guy trying to fake too much, goes pretty much past the goal and then shoots at the pad. Lol. Edit: one guy to shoot before blue gets it gg
Gotta love that this sub and multiple media outlets are dominated by twitter clapbacks. So important.
Wow I didnt know coaching was that volatile. Be there 3yrs and youre a record holder lol.
That was a TBL player running into his goalie lol. wtf is that even challenge? Desperation.
Guess I dont know what GI 'legally' means. Seems he was outside the blue entirely. Didnt know that would count as GI.
oh OK I didn't see that.
Lol what a bitch reply.
Hopefully the replay is always there to save y'all.
I think as long as it ferments well it doesn't really matter on the schedule to be honest. I've done long overnight bulks when my kitchen was cold. I've done 4hr 82f bulks. I've done fridge proofing before shaping, after shaping. Always get pretty good results. I think just having an active starter and really letting it bulk adequately is all that matters.
Nope, that's one of the odd things about traps - IAS increases the trap laying, not fcr.
Most of the game day threads on this sub are just super salty fans bitching about anything they think should be a penalty.
Riftsin is the most fun I've ever had on a character.
Yup I came here to post the exact same thing. All day stock making I was so excited to make a soup with.
Tyler Goalzak
Eh. Costco to me is for meat, dogfood, then a bunch of junk we don't need. Can't recall the last time I bought produce there. Don't want to buy apples encased in a pound of needless plastic. If you buy lots of prepared/frozen foods it's a great deal, but that's not really cheap or healthy.
We need Big Red back.
I always wet mine, you could try oiling too if you are having much sticking. If you have a sharp chef's knife use that instead too. Good luck!
Ever since playoffs started I've been a fangirl for Perron and Schwartz. Get my main man Schwartz anywhere near a goal and he tips it in more than a 17yo on prom night.
Do you have pearl onions in there? That's always my favorite part. Whole bottle of wine and a bunch of bacon I hope? Looks great, I need to make this again soon.
I miss having a gas fireplace. Dane nuts roasting, on an open fiiiiire.
Ah I don't know the backstory. Came into hockey the 2018 season but didn't really follow closely until last year's start. Just happened to work out beautifully I was following the Blues! Saw the complete journey from dumpsterfire on as my first real hockey year. No looking back.
&gt; But what about all the money Valve makes from the value of these items in the community market? For ten years Valve made an astronomical amount off of TF2 hats alone. Just based on player numbers alone I can guarantee that has died off in the past few years. You'd think they'd be chomping at the bit to renew that cycle and sell a new game ontop of it. But Valve works in odd ways. Any other company on the planet would have cashed in on HL3 by now lol.
The Lakota was one of the best hours of televsion I have seen but that's about all I have to say about S2 that's positive. Granted it + S1 is enough for me to tune in for S3.
Hah, sorry! Someone already responded to you mentioning rice flour, 100% do that -- it works.
Great work and I wish you luck! Is there anywhere in particular you are getting your animal ideas from? After fourty or so I imagine it's going to be incredibly difficult.
What a sweet boy I hope he gave you lots of good snuggles. Is there room for him to get up there with you? Shame on you if not!
It's really not. Player engagement and retention are directly related. For every post on this sub of frustrated people there are multiples signing up for another month as they level and then gear their alt. Say what you want about the WoW team but they've sure done a great job of giving more than enough players a reason to sub for over a decade.
I'm not the guy you replied to, but I don't feel keybinds is quite the metric to gauge depth and complexity on. I might be a bad person to judge since I come back briefly every expansion so my depth of game knowledge isn't exactly great. But in BFA I have tonnes of keybinds but they're all the same on every character. Everybody has roughly a 4 spell core, a reactionary proc, a couple large offensive and defensive cooldowns, a kick, a stun, an aoe stun cooldown. To me the classes don't feel unique, but that's not to say the keybindings are easy. My resto druid gives me arthritis lol. But yeah UHDK, Fury War, DH all feel about the same to play tbh.
Ok but I never said anything about a $60 flat game. What about a $20 TF3 with a renewed item shop? Or even less or free. Getting that huge fandom playerbase back spending money would be huge. And just because HL3 wouldnt be their mainstream of income doesnt mean it wouldnt make tonnes of money. There are plenty of studios pumping out new yearly games.
I can't recall if it was either in vanilla or in TBC, but I have distinct memories of either skipping college or work and sitting until about 2PM until servers came back up. I want to say it was school and my friends were all done before the servers even came back up. Last time I'll ever do something like that again. I had a couple buddies take the week off work for Classic and granted they did get to play a lot, but the massive login queues and then sittign in line for a quest mob didn't make it too worth it.
Living on the west coast now I won't say there's no good pizza -- there are plenty of great places, but it's astounding how expensive it is. The options are cheap Pizza Hut or a $30 pie. There's no good inbetween. It's nuts.
That looks fantastic, great shaping that's a perfect thickness on crust! I love the way pesto pies look too since they brown up so nicely.
The ending is the most important part -- the head of the house intel committee learned about this from the newspaper. Our government being full of fox news partisan hacks.
Lt. Bookman on the case!
Feed your starter in the morning, come home and make the dough and bulk for 4hrs or so and then shape and proof in the fridge for a day or so whenever fits your schedule.
But it ain't
He just wants to be clear that he's still down to play fortnite.
Well said, you summed up my thoughts on it perfectly.
Flyers pinching and smothering every blues zone entry was great work all game. Well deserved.
Never seen it either but it's brilliant. My wife and I always fight over the crustybois
Absolutely one of the best SE recipes and souls of all-time. I always make sure to really go wild with the toppings, the raw slices of pepper really make it pop.
Some foods you just have to take comically large bites so it doesn't explode everywhere.
Should be in agedlikemilk lol.
What's your favorite dishes to make besides pizza? I also did Thanksgiving in mine a couple years ago, came out amazing. Made some great carnitas and meatballs. If I get home in time to chop wood before it's dark I'm going to do some Turkish meatballs and pita in there. I better ditch work about now so I can make that happen.
I need to get a Tuscan grill, that would be great. Just got done making some Turkish meatballs and pita in it tonight! Went fabulously with some hummus, tzatziki, cucumber/tomato/lettuce. Your oven is a lot nicer than mine lol. https://i.imgur.com/tQXWlw3.mp4 https://i.imgur.com/yrC2R9e.mp4
I make these all the time, love them. I do add some salt and pecans or walnuts though. It really needs the cronch. Oh, and make sure to cook in butter mmmmmm
TBC since I was really good at op disc priest. Most fun I've ever had in WoW.
guys just shoot lol. get them j00cy rebounds
Man those look fantastic. Do you have a couche and wood plank to transfer them? Ive been debating on getting ones or not. To be honest I like demi-bags better but I still suck at those haha
It's like knights. Don't need to stab them when blunt force trauma works well. I can see OP's point that Kong could just bash his head in.
Half and Full Measures are the best season finales I can think of. Everyone always sleeps on these when talking about great episode combos.
Ill have to listen to more sometime. I love Wolf Like Me.
That dude nailed it
F
is that similar to getting naenae'd?
That was a sick glove knockout lol
Come to the Blue's stream, we have Panger.
Perry!
that shot was wider than most avs fans trailers
wow what a shot that was nice
can we get a do-over on this past 2mins?
uh oh watch out allens out there twerkin
man it's not often schwartz is the one hooking instead of being hooked. twice this game.
Yeah that's a pretty high stick, you can't do that.
Saved by the bell, that was a dangerous setup lol.
just like ur mum
it's an inferior center jsut like it is the inferior sodie.
Pretty sure a bartender can't be 20? Is that possible? edit: some states you can, CO being one https://www.alcoholproblemsandsolutions.org/minimum-age-for-bartending-bartender-laws-by-state/
Oh are the avs getting constant short-handed goals scored aginst htem?
St Louis sucks, no issues taken. The Blues, however, are fantastic.
My hobbies are being an alcoholic so I totally get your point.
Miller High Life
Petro really desperate for another goal there
just let us tie it, dont you want more hockey?
damn GG guys that was a killer game
STL really needs Parayko to come back. Fuck.
It is, that's a dumb answer he's giving.
Amen. I'll never give up carpeted bedrooms.
I bought a shampooer for $150 years ago when I lived in a carpeted place. Would do that once a month and it always smelled nice. Really wasn't much more work than vacuuming.
Oh o agree about on a bathroom
My Dane can't catch at all either.
Ejakalit
I sure hope after Trump is out of office that we can really dive in and see just how much awful and heinous shit was done. It'll take years to dig into it.
Gym is the only time I can recall taking mine off in ages. Trying to lift with my ring on hurts.
Looks great! For me it's too much, couldn't really spread butter or anything on it. But I'm sure it's delicious.
I love my countertop toaster oven. It, well, toasts brilliantly. I can broil an open face sandwich in it. I can use my smaller pans to bake something in it like a normal oven (perfect for Thanksgiving and some sides at different temps), reheating leftovers etc. I would never own an air fryer though, the thought is ridiculous to me. I've had some breaded foods cooked in one and it was just like any other baked food. Except they're a pain to clean compared to a pan. And it's a very thin piece of metal surrounded by plastic.. not exactly what I want to cook in.
I was gifted a stand mixer for Christmas and I've already moved it to the shelves in the garage. I make a lot of sourdough but the dough hook just doesn't work as well as doing it by hand with stretch and folds. I don't really bake desserts. I did use it once for cookies and admit it was nice for that.
You can easily microwave eggs in a mug that come out the same as that without all the fuss and pain of having to clean it. Simply beat it a tad and then when microwaving it after about 20s it'll rise up pretty well and you'll want to pause, shake the mug around and then put it back in for another 20. Just an FYI.
Couldn't live without my processor! Salsas, hummus, falafel alone give it hours of use a year.
I love one-pot rice dishes, make stuff like jambalaya often. I use my dutch oven for just about everything besides searing though. Soups, frying my falafel, stews.
Jesus Christ Marie
For double dps do rain from above talent for sure. Pop that and all cooldowns early. Double Deeps matches decided in first 20s.
Clowns
I'll offer a different viewpoint. I have a truck so it's got utility my friends with cars need sometime. I have insurance on the truck and they have insurance too. I trust them to treat it well and if an accident happens then who cares, that's what insurance is for. It's not a $30k risk, it's at most $500 deductible. Although they would use their insurance and not mine. I've never had close friends that would take advantage of me like half this thread is full of though. Can't imagine being friends with the kind of person that would borrow a car and then ditch it once it ran out of gas. That's comical.
Yeah worked out. No idea how IMT didn't just body mid at that time.
God how did it take this long for them to try? They could have done this anytime in the past 15m. GG glad its over. edit: aaaand they back out lol.
Hauntzer is a pretty good player.
GG didn't get the message that it's not lane farm phase anymore.
Bet he's tilted that it's only ever him and one person responding. Half the team is never even doing anything but passive farming. It's impressive.
Yup. FBI was overextending and the rest of GG was nowhere to be seen for most of the game. I don't know what Hauntzer and GoldenGlue were ever doing after lane phase. Just sorta sat there and ate whatever pushed in minions came to them in a side-lane. The top lane 3 towers for nothing was pretty impressive.
I think having clear BIS stuff is cool. Look at Classic and if you see someone running around with Hand of Rag or a Thunderfury. It's awe-inspiring almost to see that in open world pvp etc. Plus the sense of accomplishment. Getting a dope epic is so much more rewarding than +10 ilvl of the exact same flavorless chest. Main thing I miss about TBC is the PvP gearing.
wow that was nasty lol
This IgNar dude is money this match.
God I love hard engage teams.
It was incredibly dull and I barely managed to finish it. I won't be watching the second season. My wife didn't care to watch the finale after having seen all the rest, I think that tells you all you need to know. My take is that if you aren't a fan of the books you have no reason to care. I never read them. The show is well made visually but the general plot and writing is atrocious. They don't give you any hints of what all this dust stuff is. You can kind of guess a bit, but there's nothing there to theorize about. There's nothing to get excited about. There's no reason to talk around the watercooler with coworkers or friends. It's a show where stuff happens and you don't care.
That was really neat, I love seeing behind the scenes practical effects stuff. Thanks for sharing.
International Assassin stuff is too artsy for me I guess? I don't quite get it. The mystical episodes don't even begin to compare to the just gutwrenching drama of the rest of the show. The entirety of Season 1, S2 has some great stuff like Nora thinking it happened again, Nora leaving temporarily, the hotel scene in S3. That's why I love the show. #S1masterrace
Yeah I love the show, but can 100% understand any criticism of "trying too hard to be weird".
Frasier. I guess I was able to understand the quips more.
Frasier has a lot of 1-1 dialogue. Him talking to either Niles, Roz or his Dad and then Daphne chimes in here and there.
&gt;One skews comedy, one skews drama. That's a bit more important than you are caring to admit.
Disagree. season 8 is amazing.
I do a few tblsp of tahini and lemon juice, blend that a tad, then chickpeas, lots of evoo, salt, cumin and paprika, blend and add water and more oil until desired consistency. Assing roasted jalapenos is great too.
Lovely, perfect snacking size haha
Increasingly important. Such strong words, its a shame we missed out on his steadfast leadership.
Man out of nowhere, crisp pass and shot.
F
Used to love sleeping with the bedroom window open. My wife complains about it so now we just breathe in dog farts, and that's not very cash money.
Nice petro is back on the ice
The Falk special.
It's a good thing we have such low cost of living since our wages haven't been rising. Oh wait. Any other talking points you have?
&gt; Should companies pay people not to work? Not companies directly but the government through taxes and a universal income, absolutely. Is there any other way for our society to function once automation progresses to a breaking point? Look at how much of our workforce is already on the chopping block -- cashiers and truck drivers being the main segments. That's game breaking.
snek!
Demko is great, goddamn
Another awful icing call.
Man I thought Sanford would have that one, damn.
what?!?!
Are defensemen allowed to pile ontop of a goalie like that? I don't think I've ever seen that before. He didnt go in to try to recover just straight up dogpiled ontop of Demko lol.
Yeah I get why he did it and also not saying it needs to be outlawed or anything. Just don't think I've seen that in my couple years of watching hockey. Interesting.
That wasnt him falling down after a scramble though, he straight up just rushed in to dogpile.
Blues have the best casters I've come across so far. Pang is just aces through and through. So many teams have such dull casters it's impressive. Put me to sleep or they're complete homers without any good input.
That looks great, thank you. I'll definitely add paprika to get the red color I expect though lol.
Quality over quantity as they say. Unless we're talking getting white girl drunk and in that case hit me up with fifteen Miller high lifes
Do you have a photo of pre baking? Love the score design.
Are you pronouncing it tar-tar? I find it fun and whimsical.
This sub is always dominated by Twitter trends. It's silly.
Look up the Washington Post tagline.
Bunch of bars near me out in the Clack opened up last week. Haven't had a chance to go to any yet just from being busy, but can't wait. Although at the same time I might wait another week for the old beer to get drank first? Hah. Speaking of Sunshine, just had a can of Fort George Sunrise. Solid pale, could see myself drinking ten of those this weekend. Maybe I am clairvoyant.
Of course not, and it's no coincidence that this is happening when what 30 or 40 million in the country are unemployed?
Uhh duh it's Tracer. Silver tracer vs a GM Deathwing would win. Who would even lose to Deathwing on a 1v1? I don't know. As long as you know how to stutter step to a medium degree you could solo him with about anyone I bet. One of the worst heroes in the game now that he's been nerfed a tad. Although with the right QM comps can be a monster. But you can say that about Dva lol.
I find more to watch on prime than I do Netflix. Better originals too.
Those charging zombies are terrifying. Can't abide the slow dumb ones after this. So boring.
Great show and holds up very well. I rewatch some every few years.
I don't know if I ever finished the first season. It was so dull. Beautiful but nothing happened.
I've had duck fat fries a few times and they're good but never worth the hype. Wonder if just something like potatoes obrien would be better since the fat penetrates more.
Agreed with most commentators here -- depends, but overall I agree. There are many cuts of meat / dishes where excess fat will get in the way of it forming a great crust or sear. But overall what we buy has been trimmed fairly well. Chicken is one of those things that I trim extra because I'm not a fan. I leave some on to spoon-braise still. Beef less so on the trimming, but again depends. Too much and it won't get a great crust/sear. Some cuts have a lot of silverskin underneath which sucks to eat. That's more for grilling or smoking though. If you are making a stew or something hell yeah brother.
Last year the gym I was using had fox blasting 247 so I would watch it for 90m or so prime time. Amazing how much just victim playing there is. So ridiculous to imagine living that way. Everyone out to get you and everything is a conspiracy.
It'll be fine in the fridge.
No. Wait until you are ready to get it to the shaping phase all in one go. You will also want to take that out of the fridge and let it warm up a tad.
That's always been a problem with mobas. The learning curve is huge. You really have to play a hero quite a few times to understand the kit, interactions with other heroes and limitations.
Saw a 1 star review for a restaurant once because it was "too far of a drive".
I think so, yes. You could easily backup your og file before trying it out. I would recommend that by the way anyways. I lost a plugy install with two hell ready characters last year. I've been trying to get back into the game but having a hard time bringing myself to farm. Stuck in NM/A1 hell. Wish I had backed up.
im ony my phone so cant verify but i think plugy saves are in the usual d2 folder idk? i cant recall.
Not rumors, he's said that pretty much word for word in interviews.
Amazing beans recipe. I made them underneath ribs on memorial day.
Did you ever get this working? I just installed it but it's not working either. nvm found this, good to go! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8VNjxPqDXY
I didn't know space worked, nice. Might try it out then. I always have multiples I never click at.
I definintely threw some extra jalapenos and a small can of chipotles in adobo I think.
I watch BoB every year. I love Pacific but it's not a rewatch repeatedly show for me.
That's just for photos so they can see the crumb lol
Man I've super over-proofed dough before and still had it brown. Sounds more like a temp and humidity problem they are having.
There are a lot of good double soak heroes. I like Xul.
Push wins games in QM. Xul is always fun.
25m for it to start drafting. Geez.
Oh dangit I forgot about no Jatt. RIP favorite caster.
I mean 3 to 1 counts as a won hard lol.
big dik blaber
Gotta love the Ez + Corki + Karma team getting shit on so hard poke-wise.
I find him boring. Guy just talks endlessly without emotion half the time. Compare it to Flowers or Kobe.
I just don't understand why LCS and LEC constantly change overlays and they're not even different besides some worse graphics. Must be missing something backend wise.
Seinfeld for sure.
I loved it. Definitely leaves you feeling somber, that's for sure.
This is probably my favorite unique in the game. Love the stats and the power when you get it finally.
Time to farm a Rift!
Yup. Always wondered that about playing a bowzon or chain lite sorc etc. But oh well, gotta go fast!
I usually just keep a smaller one in the fridge and feed it the day before I'm going to use it. No discard. Glad to hear straight from the fridge works well though!
Put an empty baking tray on the rack below it. Common issue and simple solution!
They've only had shitty processed ham and pineapple ones from chains. Have a pepperoni, jalapeno and pineapple and tell me it's not delicious.
Right. How could anyone pass up a billion dollars over a little shame or disgust. I'm sure funding some cancer research, animal sanctuaries, scholarships etc would sure more than make up for that.
I know water is a no-no for grease fires typically but I've done it on a gas grill plenty. Not really worried about it spreading and burning the place down since it's outside away from things. Some water to rinse the grease down off the burners works great if needed.
plus all that jogging!
Everyone just gonna be smoking chicken wangs and pork butts from now on lol.
Love my fire bricks. Come in handy so often on the grill.
Wow that's a lot of mozz lol. Delicious though. Some balsamic would kick that off to another level. Or personally, pickled jalapenos make every meat/cheese snack better lol. Looks delicious thoguh
Haha what a masochist
I just watched it a month ago and already forgot it. I do remember thinking it was just ok.
Viddy thee 11 herbs and spices well, brother droogie
JD and Turk. Although I like Shawn and Gus better it's not the same level.
Do you know which zerg calls in the reinforcements?
I used to love that build but typically I go the puffer spell res talent at four and then fish tank and big tuna. You ever try those out? I love fish tank. Ink build is great and glad you have success with it. Most heroes I see myself wanting to build more around health and octo tho.
That's unrealistic. In a dark theatre people are commonly sneaking in food, beers, giving handies, making out during Schindler's List. Not much you can do.
He's fake getting it to get out of responsibility
Cheers i couldn't tell if it was the ultra or guardians, good to know it's both lol.
Knives.
The extra T stands for extra talent!
Black sails and Westworld
Assuming the food carts and all the outdoor seating is open, yeah? Been missing that place, will have to go soon.
I felt like they could have used her much more all series. Surprised she's a titled main character tbh.
Only thing I can think of retail wise is a bacon press. They're readily available and heavy enough. Might be a tad narrow.
Shitposts you say? Diablo2 made me the man(child) that I am today. I learned a lot of valuable life lessons playing D2 like: * Too good to be true -- I got scammed by the typical "hold on I need inv space" and then someone throwing a Dragon Shield or whatever it was instead of Stormshield. Last time I've rushed to make a trade in both games and my real life. * How to be a lazy POS * The importance of unique passwords. I had a trade where someone gave me something on a mule and the login info was something like rando23///turtles23. I stole three fully loaded accounts for a bit. I was just thirteen or so and it was hilarious that he was that dumb, and this was back when I think a Buriza was the best item I had yet he was loaded. But I quickly realized how shitty it was and gave him back everything. Although I vaguely think I might have taken a single item like a Windforce but I can't recall for sure.
Yeah Statham isn't bulky at all, awful Barb choice.
I didn't even look at what the Lili had to offer because the main skin looked like some weeb furry fox thing UwU. Went with the other one.
Wind druid is a lot of fun to play self found.
I've never known that was a thing either. Crazy it changes.
Nice work. I always fail at transferring. Need to make a board I guess. What dough weight are those?
What's the cure?
Reroll the grand ones for skillers if you want and sell the rest.
That's awesome, nice work. What are you planning on incorporating this into?
I don't get why mr nobody hated Niles. Seems he should be happy about it.
Yet that takes away a better weapon yourself could use.
Lightning sorc with infinity is such an amazing character. Stomp everything with incredible speed. Much more fun than blizzard too imo.
Oh you said it's pluggy. Ever consider making infinity as a trial and see if you like the playstyle? Backup files or use hero editor to create the item. Delete it afterwards and it's not cheating.
Great photo, love the sunglasses.
