I can't wait for July and August
Evolution is like that
[The Yellow Pages](https://www.yellowpages.com/tallahassee-fl/gyms-with-sauna)
The bees were just emptying their honey pots
The black sheep of the family
They also don't need to buy health insurance or life insurance.
If the other hand is just like it, then I bet he's really good with hexadecimal.
That's huge. Really huge!
Perhaps they are getting at "this one is really olde"
Precision projectile birthing.
I assume you mean the Indiana Jones Raiders of the Lost Arc scene.
Thanks. Now I have a vivid memory of metal slide and urine smell.
A sixteen year old boy would hit on a snake - Bill Cosby
I slept like a baby - I woke up every three hours and cried.
I don't trust shady people.
The same as your comment.
And there it is again.Thanks for reminding me about that.
Sidewalks have cracks and I do not want to break my mother's back.
... and a future
If you don't like the way I drive then stay off of the sidewalk!
So no riding it on the promenade? /s
But to get they have to neuter them.
Looks like an interesting pasta dish that needs a sauce.
Steak knives are the best
So Finnish priests are doubling as pediatricians.
It needs an active fountain.
Solar powered light bulb
Trust in me ...
Yeah, he was crushing it. Until, well, you know.
16?
So then OP.
Mama, slow down, you're scaring us.
Conclusion- it has more than two, and it has more than 8 (at least 12 sides)
Does that album also have an A side? (Groundside, backside, farside too)
Meat worth laughing at?
Didgeridoo
That Canadians live in igloos and take a dogsled to school.
At least the front didn't fall off
CFA is one of the few fast food places that still cares about giving good service. The industry is called food service. Other fast food places are just food, and even that's questionable. Edit: we went into a McDonald's tonight because it was convenient. No employees visible. There were two kiosks with people struggling to use them. I remembered the study from London that reported how nasty those kiosks are, and still seeing no employees working the front, decided to go somewhere else.
Constipation. That's a downside.
If you're a mathematician you can work it out with a pencil.
You mess with him, he messes in your pool.
Earth
I think guys brag about a load that gives life, not takes it.
Probably made a hole that caused the water to fall out.
[For the uninitiated](https://youtu.be/3m5qxZm_JqM)
Soda dispenser levers must be pulled instead of pushed.
&gt; if they all teamed up... The evil Trinity?
Perhaps it happened in Russia, to a journalist.
This is not a good sign.
Wondering why you can't accept the blame for your actions.
Bummer
Then I'm not going
What was the first half? /s
Guy with no legs in the pool ... Bob.
But one helps the environment, and the other just destroys it by killing more trees /s
Not at night. They reflect the blue sky in day, and night sky at night.
You need to strengthen that catapult
That made me quiver.
I saw this posted yesterday and that was the conclussion.
Those look more like Corgis
You'd think that fact alone would make it ideal for the Americas.
[The Owl and the Pussycat](https://imdb.com/title/tt0066195/)
Time to add a sign: Warning: stay out - Mine Field. And plant a few.
It was much smaller in the earlier years. You make less of a statement holding a soup bowl above your head. Before they froze it at the current size it had grown 3½ inches every 13 years. [Here](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5b/Stanley_Cup_1921.jpg) is what it looked like in 1921.
Wooden you know it? That's a target.
They were glad when they came out with selfie mode on phone cameras.
Over Rated
You must have had one of [these](https://i.redd.it/b5a4dhrlge431.png) delivered that wasnt sealed well.
Yeah, one on one - he can lick anyone.
On fire
No, someeone who takes care of lobotomies.
Don't you just love that. We've been able to put men on the moon for 30 years and we still have to put up with pathetic auto-correct.
Bigamy? That would be big of me too. https://youtu.be/kpTJywtAqLc
Baby shark
Time for you to go find another one then.
Sorry, but what else is a ghost going to be able to do? It's not like they can use a Nintendo Switch.
No bull
Why not both?
I lost my khakis. No you didn't, you're wearing them.
We did organic chemistry in high school (Alberta, early 1980s). I took Chem 10, 20, 30, then moved to USA and breezed through college chemistry.
That's not how to do penny loafers.
If you can't see HIM in snow then you're never going to be able to see prints in the snow.
But that is a win. Family knows family, and now family knows not to come hit him up for money. Ya bunch of leeches!
Wow, what a huge pot, I'm going to play the Jamaican lottery more often, because 158 &gt; 1.3 /s
Don't get that book used.
&gt; (INB4 Trump) I read that as N64 Trump, and was trying to imagine that Nintendo 64 game. What's the storyline? What's the gameplay? Any hidden levels or Easter eggs?
If I want to hire someone, I don't give them access to the building while I'm doing a background check and before I've interviewed them. People coming to this country are interviewed, their situation considered, their "what do you have to contribute to this society" evaluated just like an employer does. Why should we give them a security badge before that?
Wait until they are at least 18.
Oh, the guy from the Bible? The same book that encouraged those building the wall to do so while armed? I don't think you want to use that book to bolster your argument.
On the contrary - it's surprising how animal-like people are when you take away their phones.
When wood attacks
The first branding for Paramount was created in 1914. It featured the name Paramount in Excelsis with a crown of stars and a mountain. According to legend, the mountain was based on a drawing made by co-founder William Wadsworth (W.W.) Link to article on the 1985 painting: https://mymodernmet.com/paramount-pictures-logo-painting/
Was there a sign "Do not defrost before 2090"?
15 months old and already on Reddit. Edit: and a redditor for 5 months too!
I don't think you mean it. Anybody want a peanut?
Was it accompanied by a splashdown?
Someone needs to buy that dog some dentures
I'd like to see him come down without using his hands
It can happen that way if you don't frequently say "here, hold my beer, let me show you how it's done"
I, for one, wonder what they do for the lawn.
Focus. Lost focus.
Tinitus
That's out of my ivy league
Build a ring of fire
But B can.
Yes. They go across my eyes and lips when I go for a walk, and then I act like a crazy man for two minutes.
I haven't slept for 20 years. That would be too long.
It wouldn't die, might be a little catatonic though.
Tahoma
That's great, because you immediately know who doesn't need one, and you don't bother to ring their bell.
Yeah, sounds like a fish story
That's top notch
It was dancing. Until it lost a shoe
Eggcited to be hatched.
Splinters - I no longer fly bushes, only beavers and otters.
Duh ... in the mountains of Canada ;) Edit: possibly here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cave_and_Basin_National_Historic_Site
&gt; Secondariy Secondairy perhaps?
I lied. I don't fly anything. Took a couple of ground schools, and flew with my father in a couple of Pipers. Just found the thought of flying a bush funny.
jpeg don't usually
Probably oxygen and silicone
One of these things is not like ... um ... Two of these things are not like the others.
Adulting.
I bet that cancer feels rotten after losing to an 8 year old.
It makes you wonder how many will be in the first litter.
But your breath gets even worse
I'm not taking your advice (from a meme) to tell me which political opinion to subscribe to, or how to pick my sides.
"Spider Man" works so much better in the song
Now I'm craving the Moose is Loose bakery.
It helps to identify the single girls
Space Weiner
So much drama. They'll stand out.
Let's hope it's something like that.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's a geocache location. We have one like it where I live, in a place you could not possibly get a car.
Can I recommend the use of commas? "Jello seafood" just sounds wrong.
Missed it by _that_ much.
Isn't that the shape of the earth? ;)
Terrain? Is that really the correct term? I mean, the channel and rocks and islands and sand bars form the terrain around the port I suppose, it just sounds like an odd word here.
This is the best answer. I've been to Jamaica a couple (maybe three times). It's never really been much of a highlight for me and my wife. You might be able to find some good deals in the ships spa while in Port - who knows?
Are you one of my employees?
It surprised me too that it took this long.
On gawd, I think you've found something worse.
Please, please, please. You have given me hope.
Air conditioning has progressed over the years
I'll be in Whittier in two weeks. Looking forward to my journey.
Doctor: Ping pong paddle! Assistant: Ping pong paddle?
Just be careful not to swallow any seed.
Interesting. I've also seen it called "salad cubes" which never made sense to me.
A person with the wrong answers
Taking the fight to a whole new level.
This is how you lose a snake. They keep eating and eating making a smaller circle until it just disappears.
Apply Photoshop directly to forehead.
Maybe nudist colonies are onto something
I bet the turn signals don't work
That's no ordinary rabbit!
You're going to start a game that you've never seen, and it requires great hand eye coordination.
And Steve Urkel
Man, feel that beat.
I know Pringles has a lot of flavors, but I've not seen wine flavors at any of my grocery stores.
Catfish-apult.
It was a play on words, like "I spotted an owl"
She should have returned that half for half of her money back
Thread management
I need to tell you something about Bambi's mom.
No. Because then I have to admit that too.
The entire phone book, if I desire.
Some people having to deal with traffic jams, I bet they have to deal with log jams.
Your joke is dairy good.
That ticks me off
Maybe there's more incriminating pictures that he'll offer up to the highest bidder.
Japan. Enough said
Wouldn't that be chest-nuts?
Collage kids? Are they they kind where you glue several to a piece of poster board?
Flying has it's ups and downs.
Assault the plumber!
I've never seen a drone while someone plays bagpipes.
Why are we here? And how much did it cost?
The divisive decade
r/StartledCats
He hit him, and he was unarmed.
Perhaps that's a decent start. &gt; More than 54 billion robocalls have been made in the US so far this year Publication date was Dec 31. "So far this year"
It was carrying light beer
Maybe you've had some upward mobility in the last twelve months
Peanut butter and cheese whiz sandwich
And die a grueling painful death because if it.
If someone cuts you off in traffic don't be afraid to use your middle finger
Botswana
But one of these days were going to end up with cancer that spreads through the air /s Note: Tasmanian devil's already have a cancer that transmits through saliva
I can see you've never worked in an elementary school
Baby Fruit Loops
It's time for you to copulate with a can of mosquito spray.
They've done pretty well in the NHL recently too.
I hardly ever use my debit cards because of this. Credit cards are less damaging when someone else gets ahold of the numbers. BTW - I have noticed a pattern that the card I pay Netflix with is the one which continues to have this problem. This last time Netflix was the ONLY charge I authorized to use on that card in the few months since it was replaced, yet it was still compromised.
Qa'im is in NW Iraq (far from Iran), that is not the question. The questions were why was he there, and was he there openly or under cover. If he was there openly and traveling with an embassador then that's important to know, don't you think? Maybe your map contains those details.
Why does this need to be stated? Might as well just say "stop being a slob"
Somebody could seriously hurt themselves testing that. "Pulled on handle, door didn't open. Passed test"
You don't know what you're talking about. I'm longing for Fairbanks. /s
There is a beautiful symbiotic relationship between geese and hedgehogs. It is not unusual for female geese to adopt orphaned hedgehog babies and suckle them until they're strong enough to forrage on their own.
Lol - well said
&gt; display the most maternal aggression That's because their babies taste like chicken
I'm not sure about the soft grip, but it does look like a demonstration ... it seems scripted
She could make more in a public school, that much is true. However public schools have to put up with so much more adminstrative crap that it tends to such the life out of you.
You know those websites that detect your language preferences, or make other language versions obvious? This isn't one of them.
Abracadabra, you're cheese and crackers!
&gt; because they're well trained Well that's wheely good
To the snowblower
Give him a break, he did say he was on mobile :)
Find out who started the fire
That cat was worried she had been adopted by someone else.
Then that acting deserves an award too
He was seen with his hand up the butt of a children's puppet
You mean articles that say things like this aren't being received well? "Authorities in Australia have arrested close to 200 people for deliberately starting the bushfires that have devastated the country, yet the media and celebrities continue to blame “climate change” for the disaster." ([source](https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/nearly-200-people-arrested-across-australia-deliberately-starting-bushfires)) Edit: Around 85 per cent of bushfires are caused by humans either deliberately or accidentally starting them, according to Dr Paul Read, co-director of the National Centre for Research in Bushfire and Arson
And a beach
It's all hands on. Learn as you go.
A lot? I'm not sure what you call a lot, some estimates put it at only 85%. 183 arrests for arson, many juveniles. Edit: okay, while it may be incorrect to state 85% of the current fires in Australia are caused by Arson (I've just continued searching more and that statement was made in September), there have been over 180 arrests for arson. https://m.theepochtimes.com/nearly-200-people-arrested-in-australia-for-deliberately-lighting-bushfires_3195827.html
But let's overlook the neglected forestry management and arsonists and go right after oil and mining companies for this disaster.
Well, it seems that you don't fully understand, you see, with a bicycle pump you can blow things up.
He's not fitting. He's not sitting.
&gt; Check Point has seemingly confirmed that all reported vulnerabilities have now been fixed by TikTok So basically be sure your app is up to date
Iceland
In a previous life I worked with economists here who studied this and determined that Tallahassee residents mostly shopped based on convenience, not price.
Serious Mail Takes Precedence
I'm guessing these chips you speak of are not potato or chocolate.
This is my "moo"d
Yes, they have mammary glands too.
You should see a network engineer
Stick to Tide pods
We need to examine the information so that we can determine the source, and, uh, reward those ~~spies~~ investigators.
Carelessness, I tell ya
You forgot #4: stop getting older
Horrifying! Why would they make something like that? Where can I get a pair?
Lol.I think that should go as the tag line on my new business cards
That's what Muhammed wrote in the Koran (especially the part about football)
Yeah, we don't want the workers to vote
This explains the "Artwork" entry on my itemized hospital bill.
It is a giant rice bowl formed by the Titans of old as a friendship gesture to the South Koreans.
Maybe they should move to the beach and demand this business change locations /s
Is that a Chick-Fil-A cow in the drive though?
Replaced by Mexican robots
It has a purpose. Just like the tonsils have a purpose, but when they get infected they're less than helpful.
We had three German shepherds and an Afghan get tangled up in here last week. Not dogs, three shepherds from Germany and an Afghani citizen. They were barking mad.
I've tried nothing and I'm all out of ideas.
This is not the baby Jedi you are looking for.
This is not the baby Jedi you are looking for.
Looks like he's still learning to use his roller skates
Time bombs with digital countdowns
Does OSHA know about this place?
That other dog is a drag. Might be a boxer. Probably short tempered (gets hot quickly).
There is an evil awards committee, the Nefarious Academy Awards. One of the awards is for the most aesthetically pleasing timebomb. Ruthless leader is another category.
From comments: &gt; I love when imbeciles living in the US claim they are living under fascism, authoritarianism or a dictatorship. They diminish the horror and sacrifice of those who actually do.
This is great! Break a leg (but not a hip)
Yeah, not that toe jam
[Are we the badies?](https://youtu.be/hn1VxaMEjRU) No, we're planting trees.
I used to be a werewolf, but I'm over that nowooooooooooo!
We're getting there: it first appeared June 2, 2014; 5 years ago
That's disgusting! Where's the mustard?
I dunno, what do you want to do?
10 percent of the population does. 9 out of 10 people suffer from diarrhea, so one in ten enjoys it.
He wasn't very efficient at snatching that, but he is still in training.
That cat is exposing his inner meer
Not always. The wife and I sacrificed and struggled to give opportunities to our kids. One worked through college, one dropped out after one semester because playing games was more fun and is struggling to survive, one never attempted college but is working hard and surviving. Sometimes poverty isn't inherited.
No. The dropout is in poverty. The college grad is doing well.
Out of school for ten years already. If common sense and making better decisions haven't kicked in by now then I don't know if they ever will.
Smashing
Because some people learned to drive off without paying
I know some people who voted for Trump. They should be held accountable too for pulling the trigger. /s
Yes. The P is silent, just like when a pterodactyl goes to the bathroom.
Including the name Female
That autorotation landing was smoother than I have been previously told.
The first one doesn't?
That's often what you get with cats. &gt; Cats are nocturnal by nature. Wild cats hunt during the night, and domestic cats retain this tendency to be “night owls.” It’s also a consequence of the typical housecat’s lack of daytime activity while you’re at work. ([Source](https://www.catster.com/cat-behavior/why-is-my-cat-so-active-at-night))
Watching this makes me choke up.
&gt; but I'm pretty sure you would need open flame to ignite gasoline Does an automobile work because it has an open flame? They're called spark plugs, not pilot lights. Edit: it's vapors which are needed, not necessarily an open flame. In 7th grade my Shop B (small engines) teacher put out a burning match in a beaker of gasoline.
What bench is this? Overlooking the train track? I generally sit in one of the benches overlooking the lake at sunset. Quite a view, and with the occasional gator.
Just like hanging around in any one of many Reddit subs
Yes, so obvious by the shape. It's literally the definition of a drift.
What? Which Furby was discontinued? I feel so sad for that entire generation now. Was it Gen Ex?
He's pretty good with dogs.
Packed away. Will be replaced by the cross-country skis when the time is right.
It bothered me more that my first thought, at 2:44 was that one of the characters was going to be hanging by a noose.
Well the helicopter wasn't staying in his lane
If you leave your shovel outside you just might be a Newfie.
Have you seen pictures of Doris Day (in her younger years)? Couldn't be two more different people. Except maybe you and Doris Miller - because he wouldn't take cheap shots like you did ;)
Is there a blinker for up?
You couldn't wait for the moose and bears to join them?
The signs are controversial. Harming someone or burning down a business is, well, what racists did in the past.
LPT - use emptied toilet paper rolls to hold coiled up cables. [Example]( https://s23527.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/cable-orginizers-drawer.jpg.optimal.jpg)
Who knows when you're going to have a LAN party again where you're not using WiFi.
[Looking at cellphone] where does the quarter go in?
You can lead a horse to water... but you can’t make him smoke from a water pipe
A proper fire would solve that
Lay off the divisive news (which is probably ALL news by this point) and go volunteer or do something with other people. Especially people with other views as yours, where you're working together towards a shared community oriented goal. Everyone is different, but strive to find things you have in common with others instead of letting others (news, social media, etc.) divide.
Which particular ocean were you speaking of?
Ha! I just noticed, and corrected my typo. Now I need to correct it properly.
Indian
You seem too one dimensional for that relationship
You just showed up to make sure nobody was trying to get time and a half. Potentially you were saving the company money.
Bonus points for running on the train going the other direction.
Did you leave the door open, or does the cat know how to open it? (Trying to nail down who the real jerk is)
That's called stereotyping
You fail to recognize your own bigotry.
Make sure they're full sized.
When did the season open? What's the bag limit? /s
Bring a couple of tubs of yogurt with you, because Gainesville needs some culture /s
They take a licking but keep on ticking
(Living in Florida) I have to admit that was the reason I clicked the link "Don't be Florida, don't be Florida ..."
They deliver houses now. THAT is home delivery.
I'm fluent in mumble
Clever one, you are.
Those kind of infections are spread through coitus. But this is a different kind of virus.
I hope they roast him
Just let him live in the past.
Which is actually fulfilling the aliens wish of getting us to leave this planet, which we believe is doomed, but it's what they actually wanted to inhabit without a fight.
I was trying to think how to phrase what you said when I found your comment. Good job.
Be still. They will think I'm a plant.
I thought the camera was certified for Windows 3.1
Don't worry. This is why we do regular backups, and have transaction logs, and regularly test our backups. Accidents happen. Just be prepared. And if it happens again you'll get to update your resume.
He's coo-coo
Help us Obi-Wan, you're our only hope
One day she'll make a fine dad
I hope we finally get to see Bambi's mom get shot /s
For a long period
Stop playing with your stupid train and get me my tuna.
It would be helpful if someone could publish a list of the manufacturers (and models) of those IoT devices so we might have an idea if we are consumers of those products.
You should get him an appointment with a plastic surgeon
I was joking. Citrus canker affects orange trees. Edit: clarification - the trees aren't orange, but their fruit is
I hear Disney is going to make a live action version of Bambi. That should definitely buck the trend.
If you're going out, then take Chuckie dog with you, and the leash - he needs a walk. Take a poop bag too, he's over due.
Did you bring me a Kong? Maybe a tug-toy? How about those crunchy bones?
Storm troopers miss in many ways
But they are nice round numbers.
Not me - can you imagine how bad the lag would be for online games?
You should fire your current branch manager
Toss up between Simon &amp; Garfunkel and Pentatonix version
I automatically downvote anything that includes "stupid case"
Sometimes hardware needs to be debugged
That's using the ol' noodle
Are you familiar with the TV show Alf? If so zoom in on the right most person. If not google Alf and then zoom
Yes, me too. One of your housemates is a polter-ghoost.
&gt; they operate on razor thin margins Nice word choice. In USA a razorback is a nickname for a feral pig.
This article's publish date is May 25, 2018. This should not _HAVE_ showed up sorted by "new", except that it's newly reposted
No, you're just trying to make new friends
Yeah, that would have not been very successful with an audio cassette.
I don't know!
Now you have to give the cat a bath - because he's not going to bathe himself
... so mealworms?
Fishing practice
I've just gone back to working in an office downtown, after 18.5 years working from home. To me, working from home only meant never being away from the office. The company benefits by not providing office space, and by taking advantage of your time. At first it was "but I'd be commuting right now, I might as well work" and it was too easy to work through lunch. I find that in my current job I'm home and not doing any more work long before I'd have quit for the day at my home job. Your mileage may vary.
Have you seen what Disney did to Star Wars?
2 seconds? Really? Well now I'm in.
&gt; I loved my [cheap] hauwei phones. If it's free, then you're the product. If it's cheap, then likely 1) the technology wasn't developed by them originally, 2) you're funding the company that stole the technology, and 3) you're the product
That's great. And soon they will be able to do that while using Hauwei networking equipment, giving the Chinese the same capability.
I was expecting snow angels or making a snowman.
Landed on feet? Used last life? Inquiring minds want to know.
So are some proctologists.
Don't forget the $3.4m turtle tunnel: https://www.cnn.com/2009/US/06/17/turtles.vs.taxpayers/index.html
It's too bad that someone plucked him out of the water. I hope your father was only a victim of catch and release.
North Americans who have a day job (it's almost 7am on east coast. Work starts at 7:30 for me.
I didn't understand what I was in for when I scheduled mine for Feb 15th. Worst Valentine's ever.
This seriously bothered me when I read that. I am curious WHO the driver was? Somebody important? Legislators are in town. Local politician? Cop off duty? What's wrong with vehicular homicide? Were they using their phone?
Management information services. It's more business oriented programming and business topics. I think if it as less theory and more real world applications. But maybe this is just an old term, and out of though with the current education terms.
Thanks. I had not seen any of that info.
You might have tinnitus
Runaway or runway? Maybe runway runaway?
That cat is a rare breed, I believe it's a Sumting Wong cat.
Koala in the front right: I wanted the red bucket.
Gregorian chants
Backup to USB drive. It's about thumb-size.
It depends. You can live without your appendix. Just like your computer keeps functioning without your backup thumb drive plugged in (Did you know a thumb drive is about the same size as your appedix?) However, if you remove the entire raid array then you can't access any of the disks in the array. But if you're suggesting removing a hot swappable drive from the array, then yes I would agree with that.
No, it can't be. There's no snow. Ain't nobody gonna ski down that mess. /s
Well anarchy is better than no government at all.
Now pee!
Yes, and afterwards was saying, "see, I told you that was a bad place to try to commit suicide"
Definitely advantages to being a swinger.
Each of those years both started and ended with new years parties.
Perhaps four police. There are multitudes of police appalled by what happened.
Here in Tallahassee???
Gee, I thought OPs title was regarding a sign, seen HERE.
Good news Mr. Smith - the hospital has a new bed for you. You'll sleep so well that you'll feel like you're drifting off to eternity in it.
As an application developer, I've often said "our applications would be great if it wasn't for the users." Social media could be great, if it wasn't for society.
No. A double edged sword can't support e-commerce.
&gt; Plus it's a lot easier to do your own investigation into events If you can find a reliable source
Bet all you want. My first web browser was Lynx. I belonged to several developer CompuServe groups that migrated to IRC.
Thanks! We love FT here, and I've never seen that special before!
Two-eyed vs. one-eyed
Why does it look so flat? /s
It would be interesting to move them to a storage facility and see who filles a complaint.
He has a right. The audience has the right to ignore him.
Because I can't play ping pong while sitting on the toilet.
I've read all kinds of crazy conspiracy theories. They each have some shred of credibility, and their share of craziness too. But, assuming it is the police, then a) why would they wear their uniform's if they were making an excuse to increase violence, and b) knowing this, why would anyone take the bait?
This is why I don't vacuum my house.
This is why Amazon deliveries often have damaged merchandise
So are you telling me that people take the bait because the cops are marginally intelligent?
That's not the only thing there was a war over, yet people continue to be divided.
Let's hope cooler heads prevail
That's not what I was implying. I was drawing a distinction between a protester and a rioter.
Exactly. They are opportunistic cowards. This action alone is preventing people from attending the protest who support the movement but do not want to be caught in the crossfire.
Well, we've already had protestors, rioters, and cops killed. Covid-19 isn't an immediate concern to them, but I'm afraid you are right.
Did you see a bite?
Oh, you're an attorney. Won't eat you out of professional courtesy.
&gt; ... and was responsible for 150,000 deaths in 2015 alone Wow - that's more deaths than the flu caused. /s
I've not had that nightmare, but thanks for the subtle suggestion - will probably have that tonight
Let's hope so. We've been a disappointing experiment.
Florida is entering a new opening phase tomorrow. It'll probably last three weeks at most - time for the symptoms to start and then the test results to start coming in. But I'm not an arm chair epidemiologist - just a pessimist.
And will that be wrong?
If we dip the rubber bullets in HCQ we can call them vaccinations.
~~assignment~~ ~~project~~ ~~degree~~ Retiring
It would have started with brick throwing
The only difference here is that after pulling the pin from the grenade I always lick it.
Pottery clay
Stress is a hidden killer. Changed jobs 7 months ago to one with much less stress and responsibility and the demanding work hours are gone. So so happy I made the change.
I'm genuinely curious which scenarios you are most interested in the acceptance of others. And why. I'm reminded of a TV series in the late 80s, early 90s called The Wonder Years. In one episode Fred Savage, in middle school, tried so hard to fit it and be accepted. At the end, he says, now all these years later, I cannot even remember the names of those people I tried so hard to impress.
Politics and religion were two topics to avoid in social gatherings
Reddit is a waste of time
And it's being downvoted. Not at all surprised. The pastoral staff was involved Wednesday night at Cascades Park, and this is how the community repays.
You're not supposed to keep dead cats.
If you are not supervising anyone, and you have to start supervising people, keep in mind that managing people is the least favorite thing about being promoted. I've been in manager training courses with 50+ attendees and the instructor asked "who enjoys managing people and their issues?" and nobody raised their hand. The instructor replied, this is a typical class. People issues are rarely fun. New managers rarely consider this when getting promoted. That alone should be worth something.
But did you watch the whole video? His spare also tangles. And the next spare, and the next, ...
Well the phrase does hold true for lawyers and politicians.
I just checked. It's [not good news](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-893SqI7BHYs/WR3jQBG3usI/AAAAAAAABwQ/0t3E4CDADZwFUdBh1HVD7omL0McfaBp-gCLcB/s1600/dolphin%2Bjumps.jpg)
You know that trick where you tie a knot in a cherry stem with your tongue? Something like that. Only with fishing line. And not your tongue.
Here's lookin at moo!
How did the rioter burn his lips? He tried to blow up a bus and burned them on the tailpipe.
Yes. I'm all for it, I just hope he doesn't slip. https://imgur.com/3gWVVYw.jpg
Glad to know he's hugging his neck. Neck-romancing.
Please don't mail me any of those "10 days worth of BO" letters please.
&gt; who believes almost anything, EXCUSE ME!!! Bigfooted lizardmen are responsible for the vast majority of chemtrails. They are only doing it to reduce the effects of global warming from the new 5G towers (which are also scrambling peoples brains causing them to riot).
Perhaps your farts are so toxic they have killed your neighbour's dog.
Recording the video
But he wants you to do thyme.
You don't work with my coworkers
&gt; and I can couch for them! Nice typo.
What's that spell? (said in cheerleader voice)
That's not a mouse. It's a dog.
Good thing cameras don't work that way.
/* Loop until counter reaches threshold */ /* Increment counter */ /* We're done */
Pubes
... wishing security officers, Could smell my nasty one!
From started cat to flat cat.
Failure would have been hitting him on the head with a hammer in an attempt to kill the alien.
And flew like a penguin
And you'll never be one with an attitude like that
A giant stale crouton.
Someone cut off his mane?
And then blames society for being so judgemental.
No. From a hand. And do you know which hole that hand goes into?
**Puppeteer
You need to make it damage the furniture more before you can call it a Roomba
Wow. Someone was quick.
But they can submit photoshopped pictures as proof.
Stay on target
WARNING: DOESN'T CARE TO LISTEN TO YOUR DRAMA
Wonderwoman. I wonder if it's a woman.
I agree completely with what you're saying. The only thing I'd add, which your friend no doubt researched, is the lifespan of the bird you're looking at. Having a bird for 50+ years is a long time. Especially if it's picked up some bad habits. You need to consider it in your will - who gets blessed/cursed with it. 50 years of cleaning, feeding, caring and finding a vet/bording facility when (if?) you take a vacation.
Thanks for the update from the man on the ground. Tallahassee is increasing too and people don't seem to be taking this very seriously. I wish I saw more masks being used.
This message happened almost a month ago. At the time we had survived five months for the year.
It's more _scalable_ too.
He was so busted
Meat workers meet prior to the meat workers meeting
His second job is an airline baggage handler. Sometimes he gets confused about which job he's doing.
What was your motivation for choosing those colors for the pie slices?
Walter. See those mittens? Walter Mitten.
This is old news by now.
Hey! I'll have none of that talk. Especially from such a gall bladder as you!
~~I think we've found someone who knows how to Google! HEY, EVERYONE! CHECK OUT THIS GUY'S GOOGLE-FU!~~ Edit: I withdraw my comment. HEY, EVERYONE, LOOK AT THIS BS I FELL FOR. Google actually says: Geoscience Australia data shows that 20% of Australia is actually desert, and around 63% is suitable for Human use or (intensive human activity) and most of this is suitable for Grazing. So this leaves approximately 40% overall as inhabitable
And all this time I had no clue that Monday was untied.
Like maybe a shower curtain. See through?
Thanks for the reply
Those ARE terrible haikus.
We've moved up to number 7 in the list of cases by state. We've got a ways to go to become number one, but I'm sure we can do that.
I hate shopping there
It's a cotton tree
Son of Orange President?
Not bad as Orange President
&gt; The report, from cybersecurity firm Awake Security, found at least 111 "malicious or fake" Chrome extensions capable of taking screenshots, stealing login credentials and capturing passwords as users typed them. Gee, how about a list, or a link to a list so people can know if they have bad extensions?
I accept your concession, and wish you better luck in your future endeavors.
That cat's been surfing the web
Here's your sign
It went off with a bang
We learned our manners and ways from the internet's finest examples.
Yes, that was the tongue in cheek part. reddit is the WORST.
He's just the shell of the bug he once was.
I'm not convinced that the number of tests has increased significantly. https://imgur.com/8vGoXpc.jpg However, I would like to add that I believe where I am there has been a local surge in testing (for test facilities offering same day results), but I don't see that reflected in this graph (unless the reporting of those tests lags). It is entirely possible that I'm misinterpreting this graph because I don't know when/how testing centers report. Some facilities here in Tallahassee have gone from 30 tests per day to 300 per day this week, and that 10 fold increase in testing doesn't appear in this graph so I'm thinking the increased testing may not be statewide.
Okay, she is agriculture commissioner. And ... &gt; Her fiancé, medical marijuana entrepreneur Robert “Jake” Bergmann Does anybody else see this as a BIG conflict of interest?
The increased testing I'm aware of are not for the antibody test.
Sblack lives matter
I'm pooping in the shower
I am well aware. Not everybody is suited for it though. Good luck getting an entry level job without a degree and/or experience though.
Sarcasm was certainly there. Full time developer with over 30 years experience (which means I was coding prior to google).
The fearsome John Deere!
He's kind of cute. What's the rodent he's holding?
Not if you're a boy scout
Sounds like a load of bull.
That's a banner move
&gt; Once you reach 80 you’re on borrowed time no matter how you look at it Yeah, they've lived their lives, they're just waiting to die anyways. They're going to clog up the medical system with their needs and waste those valuable resources. To hell with them, I'm going to live my life even if it shortens theirs. I think I've understood you pretty clearly.
So what are you thinking is happening? Do you think the developers decided to just waste some clock cycles to make you wait a bit? Do you think Bill Gates is first uploading your files to the government?
Oh, like accountability, and stuff. Yeah. That should convince them that this is the only right thing.
You're supposed to play with other people with it. Who are you, Napoleon Dynamite?
Just wait until they start rioting through a plague to keep them.
I hope they can at least get the audio in synch.
