I like you
&gt; All y'all would kill to have Harden on your team. ew
I didn't say 3.
Ad hominem is attacking the person, not the argument. No one attacked you.
Pointing out hypocrisy isn't attacking. Ad hominem is very specific. It follows this very clear formula: "Your **argument** is wrong **because** of **something negative about you**. The comment didn't do that, it wasn't an ad hominem.
Chromosomes define sex. Gender is not the same as sex. No denying of reality. And even if they were the same thing, **no one believes that just to spite others**.
&gt; I’m sorry that you believe a disorder Recognized by the American psychiatric association as a mental disorder is “weird pseudoscience”. Somehow I don't think you actually understand what the APA says about gender dysphoria and transgendered people. Check out [this page from their website](https://www.psychiatry.org/patients-families/gender-dysphoria/what-is-gender-dysphoria) and tell me where the word "disorder" appears in describing gender dysphoria. &gt;And if the point stands, then I️ think that says something about the sides who actually believe these things. And what exactly does it say? Go on, spell it out.
So? You can diagnose, treat, and manage things that aren't disorders. Is your athlete's foot a disorder? And you forgot to spell out what exactly it says.
&gt; Excuse me for not typing out three sections because you are to lazy to fully read an article. What? I didn't ask you to do that at all. I was referencing when I said "And what exactly does it say? Go on, spell it out." You're making claims about what people believing this says, but not actually saying what that is. You're dodging around. &gt; And this isn’t even a debate, just look at a WHO list of mental disorders if you really need it spelled out for you. Good idea, lets. https://allpsych.com/disorders/alphaindex/ Ctrl-F "Transgender" No results Ctrl-F "Dysphoria" No results Weird. Well lets go to the WHO site directly. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs396/en/ Ctrl-F "Transgender" No results Ctrl-F "Dysphoria" No results **HMMMMM**. What list are you talking about, then?
Your quote of the single word "regrets"? Do you have a link? I can't seem to find it. And I'm not saying one isn't relevant, I'm saying they're not contradictory, one helps understand the other. Age of the quote doesn't really matter.
&gt;“When you guys put somebody in the car and you're protecting their head, you know, the way you put their hand over, like, don't hit their head and they've just killed somebody. Don't hit their head. I said, you can take the hand away, okay?”
&gt; but how much time should a senator specifically devote to less than 2% of the population of his state? That's a fair question, but then you shouldn't be surprised that black people in the rest of the country didn't resonate with him. &gt;Attacking income inequality would help more people from Vermont than focusing on racial inequality Again, fair, but that doesn't mean he gets a free pass for focusing on those things when he tries to bring his platform to the country at large. Focusing on Vermonter problems works in Vermont, that doesn't mean those are the priorities for the rest of the country.
Everywhere
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/11/29/us/30abortion-clinic-violence.html
My guess: &gt;Oh shit, I didn't grab the shot of the winner up at the front, she was so lame I never thought she'd win. I'll grab a picture of her and put her face on someone I did get a picture of at the front, and *no one will ever notice because I'm so good at photoshop*.
What? He put together a collection of professional's thoughts on Trump's mental health, therefore he's too biased to brief Congress on Trump's mental health? What is your logic?
Especially when the mod's default excuse whenever people ask about why propaganda sources and bot brigades aren't handled is they "want the users to self-police content".
Then in what way is it "to be fair" to bring it up?
Yeah, only millions upon millions of dollars from the tax plan https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/11/30/business/trump-benefit-tax-cuts.html?referer=http://www.google.com/
There wasn't a "from there on out". His brain broke, then the interview ended.
Only if you're already committed to believing that.
🔥 take
This is like when I find out two actors on a show I like are dating in real life.
Did dees old peopl just did dis?
&gt; That awkward moment when even CNN refutes the claim that he got escorted out. What part of "we did not issue a statement" to you means "he wasn't escorted out"? The original article with the claim didn't even say that CNN made a statement.
So hosting government secrets wouldn't get them to remove things, but a DMCA notice would? How does that work?
https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-law-enforcement-support#16.5
Never been, but it always struck me as the dumbest shlockiest thing that I would absolutely love.
It very easily could endanger lives. There are plenty of ways of validating success that would identify the sources.
&gt;Lmao you say this isn't a "both sides are the same kind of time" and talk about concealing evidence yet no mention of the fact that the fusion gps individual didn't even give any example of how he verified his sources. It's weird scrolling through these comments seeing so many people trying to discredit this by using the **exact** same talking point, cherry picked out of context from one page out of 300.
&gt;Then redact the answer like they wanted to before the transcript was leaked. The transcript wasn't leaked, it was released. Stop with the bullshit of labeling any release you don't like as a "leak". &gt; They have no reason not to answer unless they fear that members of Congress are plotting to kill their sources Or that members of Congress have been [less than diligent](http://www.newsweek.com/repulicans-leaked-information-trump-russia-dossier-nunes-692624) in protecting confidential information when it suits their goals. You don't have to think they want sources dead to think that they don't care about the safety of those sources as much as they care about their personal agendas. &gt;That question is most germane to the request for their testimony. Why? Are the members of that committee equipped to assess the validity of methods to verify credibility of a source? What value does it provide?
&gt; Why don't you address the facts I mentioned in my comment Because they're not facts. They're all 100% bullshit. You can take up the "dodgy dossier" mantle all you want and scream and yell, but the fact is that it **hasn't** been discredited, and in fact more and more of it is being validated.
She lied on her immigration forms.
Ah yes, the lifelong civil servant marine is such an attention whore.
And yet it will receive no response. They always hide behind "but it's notable" without actually wanting to discuss if their made-up requirement actually makes sense. Regardless, thank you for bringing attention to my comment. I think it's my only gilded comment with the word "fellate" in it!
It depends. What is the goal? What do you want to provide, and why? That's why I asked about the value of having "notability" as the criteria. What goal does that accomplish?
&gt;and you have to prove that you're not just coming here to "mooch". Why should people from "shithole countries" have to prove that more than ~~white people~~ people from Norway? &gt; I don't think, even for Trump, that the intent was to be racist. Why do you feel the need to provide bullshit explanations to explain away his racism? Do you know how racism works? It's not about whether someone thinks "I'm going to be racist with this statement", people make racist statements **when they're being racist**. His statement means he believes that people from shithole countries don't contribute **massively** to this country and are worth less than people from white countries. That is a racist sentiment.
Excellent, thank you for the links! I appreciate the backing up of the statement.
&gt; this comment gets upvoted using vile and vylgar language towards me, but my critique get downvoted. how amazingly you emulate [this comic](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/578/682/575.jpg). Oh no, someone swore at you when you wanted to be racist, they must be the real irrational ones.
&gt; Thanks to the diversity visa program it is literally easier to immigrate from Africa than from most of Europe. Do you actually understand that the diversity visa program is? Did you read your own fucking links? Here let me quote from your own article: &gt;be a citizen of a country that has sent less than 50,000 immigrants to the US in the previous five years. *That includes most countries*; **outliers include Canada, Mexico India, Nigeria, the UK, and mainland China.** So pretty much everywhere. &gt;it is literally easier to immigrate from Africa than from most of Europe. That's funny, because **your own article** has the numbers at &gt;Diversity Visa immigrants by area of origin, 1994-2015 &gt;Africa: 415,994 &gt;Europe: 404,618 **Basically the fucking same** Your own article proves you wrong. Did you just do a quick google search and hope I wouldn't read it? &gt;When you count in the population of those regions Interesting, you obviously did the math so let me catch up Continent|Population|# in DV Category|%DV of Pop ---|---|----|---- Africa | 1.21b | 14,300 | 0.001**1**8% Europe | 0.74b | 10,700 | 0.001**4**4% Well *that's weird*, a higher % of Europe's population gets to immigrate here using the Diversity Visa program than from Africa! But that's exactly the opposite of what you said? By these same percentages using the overall # from 1994-2015, Africa is being **under** represented, with a much larger population but only a 10k advantage over a decade. &gt;my statement is factual and not racist at all. Your statements are all fabricated and still racist. Sorry.
&gt;So did you intentionally not count the ones specifically reserved for Egypt and Ethiopia in your calculation for Africa? Because they bring the total number for Africa to 0.00314%, which as you may notice, is more than double the 0.00144% for Europe. &gt;And if you include table B, over the first two months of 2018, 68,600 visas were issued for Africa, You are reading that wrong. This isn't a per-month allocation. The **entire year's** allocation is 50,000. These tables are listing what are available. They make more of the visas available as the year goes on, but they are all still part of the total 50k. These aren't # issued, these are number theoretically available, and again they are for the whole year so you don't add them together twice. You're trying to include "issued visas" for a month that hasn't even happened yet by adding together the same number. Jesus christ. Have you looked at the historical versions of this document? I recommend scanning through some of them from previous months and years. It will help you actually understand it rather than trying to pick out numbers and invent what you think they mean. Like I said, look at the overall 10-year number in your own article: a 10k advantage in visas that nowhere near makes up for a 450 million difference in population. Seriously, if there was such a discrepancy like you're saying then explain that number. Do it. &gt;So your statements are factually and mathematically incorrect. No they aren't. Your inability to read a government document does not make you correct. &gt;Yes, I understand what the diversity visa program is for. It's to make the selection of immigrants more racially diverse So, you don't understand it at all. That's not what it's for at all. Just because you see the word "diversity" and go frothing at the mouth doesn't mean it's about racial diversity. Absolutely **zero** of the diversity visa program has anything to do with race. I mean, just read your own damn link: &gt;Section 203(c) of the INA provides up to 55,000 immigrant visas each fiscal year **to permit additional immigration opportunities for persons from countries with low admissions during the previous five years.** Where in there is racial diversity? I already gave you the quote about what countries are included: pretty much all. Your claim that this is to bring in non-white people kinda falls apart when fucking **Norway** is on the list.
Have you been?
&gt; Why wouldn't a woman with Korean parents, who conceivably has some experience with Korean perspectives and culture, make a great contribution to an issue in Korea? Maybe because she was there as an expert in the **Middle East**?
&gt; His policies have been largely anti-white No they haven't. &gt; whether it was Title IX abuse How were Obama's Title IX guidelines anti-white? &gt;or dropping the ball on US weapons in Mexico. How would this be anti-white? &gt;Iran still hates us. They're still making progress towards a nuclear weapon. Ok? That doesn't answer the question. What exactly would you like me to explain about it? &gt;No need to do a Bandy Lee impression. I don't know who the fuck that is. My point still stands, you're throwing out all these bullshit "controversies" that make sense if you surround yourself with alt-right "whites are under attack" hysteria, but outside of your bubble you're just spitting random words.
&gt; It says nothing about gender. You made that part up. Why do I get the feeling you don't even think transgendered people exist? "Call themselves"? No one except Mike Huckabee is pretending to be transgendered to shower with girls. &gt;Further, as the memo notes, the transgender student's civil rights can't be impeded by those who might be made uncomfortable, so screw all the young ladies who object to showering with a biological man. They just have to deal with it. What a sick disgusting imagination you have, to come up with these bullshit scenarios to further your fantasies of oppression. You look at a memo explicitly talking about providing "safe and nondiscriminatory environment for all students", and think that somehow equates to fake-transgendered people peeping on girls. &gt;You are also wrong about the content of the memo. It seems you read the press release, but did not read the text of the memorandum, which clearly says: "When a school provides sex-segregated activities and facilities, transgender students must be allowed to participate in such activities and access such facilities consistent with their gender identity." I suggest you keep reading, because **JUST BELOW** the section you quoted is: &gt;A school may, however, make individual-user options available to **all students** who voluntarily seek additional privacy Which is *exactly* what I previously said. What part was wrong? "They just have to deal with it", utter bullshit. How does your weird imaginary idea of what would happen comport with the text of the document itself, which says &gt;If sex-based harassment creates a hostile environment, the school must take prompt and effective steps to end the harassment, prevent its recurrence, and, as appropriate, remedy its effects. Do you magically think that applies to *only* transgendered people? I mean hell, if this is such a problem for you why aren't you campaigning for segregation based on sexuality? There are *magnitudes* more lesbian women in showers and locker rooms, ogling up those poor straight women, then there are transgendered people. Is it because you finally realize you lost that hate battle, so you have to find someone else to try and oppress?
&gt; Hes in street clothes, ergo hes the same as any fan in the building That's objectively not true, though.
&gt; You read the press release and not the memo, so you got it wrong. Except I quoted the memo. &gt;But hey, way to gloss over the fact that normal people are the ones who now have to seek special accommodations just to shower in gender-based privacy now "normal people". Yes, we get it, you are scared by people different then you. &gt;Oh, and way to ignore that the special accommodations for normal people are optional Not optional. Read what I quoted. If someone of any gender or sex wants special accommodation they get it. &gt;Otherwise, screw 'em if they're uncomfortable - they have to change with children of the opposite sex whether they like it or not. Again, total bullshit if you actually read the memo. You can grandstand and soapbox all you want, you still hate people for shit that has nothing to do with you, you're inventing situations that don't exist and documents that don't say what you want them to say so you can be angry about them. "How democratic"? I'd ask if you support resegregating schools, but it sounds like you would.
&gt; When it revealed that she conspired with the DNC against Sanaders See, this is the problem. You're expecting people to condemn things that didn't happen.
Really that should be today. If you 0-index months, then today is 0-16.
Sure we have a position. Our position is that we disagree with your claims of a divine being. That's obviously conducive to debate, otherwise why would you make this post in the first place?
&gt;How do you defend that position? By examining claims about god and determining whether they make any sense &gt; More importantly, how can I debate against that position? By backing up claims about god with evidence and reasoning. It's pretty simple, really.
&gt;Simple != good. &gt; &gt;"I'm right" is also simple. Ok? Not sure how that's relevant. "Blue is a color" is also simple, but also entirely unrelated to what I said. &gt; &gt;So what you're saying is, your position is nothing more than a reaction to my position. You say that like it's a bad thing. "I believe X", "I don't think you have good reason to believe X" "OH SO YOU JUST REACT TO MY POSITION?" &gt;You have no independent beliefs? In general? Sure, tons. About god? My independent belief is that I have never heard a convincing argument or seen convincing evidence that makes me think that something that can reasonably be called "god" exists.
&gt;In a debate, yes, it is a bad thing to have no position whatsoever other than "I don't think you're right". That's literally all that's required for a debate. A thesis is provided and it is argued for and against. It's not a bad thing at all, it's the whole point. In fact for debate it's much better to focus on one claim and debate it rather than two sides coming in with competing claims, because then you're debating two things at once: "You're wrong **and** I'm right" &gt;If you continue to only have that position, it means that you've never bothered to try and look into the matter further and come to your own conclusions. Bullshit. Why do you feel the need to dismiss others as only pretending and as not having actually "looked into the matter further"? Can't you actually debate on the merits of your arguments rather than construct these strawmen who haven't put thought into their views and therefore you're so much better than?
&gt; In 2008 I was an ardent supporter of gay marriage. I went to rallies, protests, wrote/called my congressman, and thought it was ridiculous that politicians weren't supporting it. In 2008, Obama said he was against gay marriage. I voted for him anyway. I don't get where the hypocrisy is?
&gt; Traveling to visit a roguish-type that betrays the heroes to the Empire. Previously known friend in a position of power and authority with a motivation of maintaining that power betraying friends vs new unknown person having to be trusted because there's no other option, clearly out for themselves the entire time, no affection for main characters. &gt;The AT-AT assault on a big white planet. The AT-AT's were there, but had little to do with any of the actual action in the scene, unlike Empire where they were a focus of the main character's efforts. &gt;The "join me and together we'll rule the galaxy" speech that is always a waste of time. I mean, it wasn't a waste of time either times, so I don't know what you're talking about. Both moved the relevant character's along pretty dramatically. But a huge difference between the two is that Luke had a completely new reality sprung on him that he then has to go and deal with, Rey's transformation is that she finally is accepting of the reality she always knew but refused to believe. Darth Vader's motivations are completely different from Kylo Ren's as well. Vader knows that either Luke turns or he dies, and he wants to save what is left of his former life. Vader doesn't really begin to question his path until RotJ. Kylo is never sure of his path, constantly looking for reassurance that he's making the right decisions. That's all his reaching out to Rey is, a desperate attempt at validating what he's just done. Rey's rejection of him affects both of their characters immensely. &gt; TLJ is the "dark" part of the story that takes place in the middle of the trilogy where the rebels are on the run after the neo-fascists strike back after their precious planet-destroying orb got blown up. I mean, that's kind of what trilogies are. First one the heroes are temporarily victorious, the second one the villains seem to gain the upper hand while the heroes gather together with hope for the future, and the third one sees the heroes triumphing over the villains. So yeah, they're the same in ways that all movies are the same, if you ignore the actual details and story and just paint with a wide brush.
Because they were the target of a multi-year smear campaign, and people generally are less likely to give money to a charity that has a bad public reputation, deserved or not? Seems pretty obvious.
I was there, ET was walking by and gave him a pat on the butt and Mejri *ran* to the ref and said "He just hit me on my ass!". It was hilarious what a bitch he was being.
&gt;Over helping Russia HACK the election, or other illegal activity, like lying to Congress or something (not hacking)? For lying to the FBI. Now, go on this very short journey with me here: what did they lie to the FBI *about*?
What you're suggesting is that it's bad to point to someone with a knife that just finished stabbing 5 people and say "Hey, we should treat that guy like he has a knife."
Your edit lists Manafort twice and is still incorrect. We have people literally **pleading guilty** to charges related to collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia but you still have to bullshit and lie. Why?
Except it's not the comment's existence, it's the comment's content, which can be evaluated in each of your scenarios.
No he didn't, stop it.
[That's Republican, we count those](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Beofu9PVok0)
With your flair I feel like you're forgetting a very relevant situation that occurred...
Oh sorry, didn't manage to read your mind. You're right, we shouldn't talk about the distant past of 3 years ago.
I love that they did a whole prequel series about Boruto's dad.
Yes, this comment is an exact example of what I was talking about, thank you for the demonstration.
&gt;only tobots could do that. even ppl with sketchy morals, promised millions of dollars plus a mansion, benz, and hookers, wouldnt help murder millions of ppl. What do you think has changed about human nature between then and now that makes it impossible?
&gt;If you read the article that I attached, you'll see that there are, in fact, standards for such animals. Link: &gt;An animal does not need specific training to become an emotional support animal. hmmmm
&gt;For the time it was written it was pretty unique and visionary. I guess I'm just wondering where you're getting this idea from.
&gt; They are opposed to the action of 2 men getting married. Regardless of whether the men are gay or not. Read this sentence out loud to yourself... &gt;Yes it is, it's baking a cake for the wedding. That's aiding the wedding. Seriously, re-read the example. It was about *not* helping. &gt;If the target was the person, why wouldn't the baker refuse to make a birthday cake? It's the event the baker dislikes. The event is the wedding, but they bake wedding cakes... &gt;Not really. I was trying to see where you would stand on the issue, and now I know. Yes, I stand consistently. You know, if you want to know how I stand on an issue you can just ask instead of throwing out random statements. &gt;I was pointing out that the cakes aren't identical. I wasn't saying that they would refuse only if there are pictures on the cake. But they're only not identical if there are pictures.
Not fake, and not the sole or even major source of the warrant. Seriously, the was big news about the tipoff by the Australians just a little while ago, did you miss it?
What?
&gt; Pee tape. There has been know evidence so far thatproves this tape exists. There has been evidence that points to it. Trump's own bodyguard testified that Trump was offered prostitutes, that he turned them down, but that the bodyguard left his post early and doesn't know what happened after that. It's definitely not proof, but it's means and opportunity, and we all know Trump has motive to do what it's claimed he did. We also now have multiple independent documents alleging the same thing. Again, not proof, but definitely not "no evidence".
&gt; The Czech (?) government confirmed that Trump's lawyer had never visited their country This is untrue. They confirmed that &gt;there is no record of Cohen arriving in Prague by plane &gt;"If there was such a meeting, he [Cohen] didn’t arrive in the Czech Republic by plane," the source said. which is not the same thing. Given what he showed of his passport he was in a neighboring country at the relevant time where he easily could have travelled across the border without a passport stamp *or* a plane trip. Obviously not proof it happened, but evidence that it might have, and definitely not confirmation that it *didn't* happen. https://www.rferl.org/a/czech-intelligence-trump-lawyer-prague-meeting/28226228.html
&gt; They went for total business rights, which did include slavery which for the millionth time I agree was wrong But this is just a lie. The *only* "business right" they went to war over was slavery. Seriously, go read the declarations of secession. They lay out their own reasoning plain as day. &gt;It was an inculded aspects on both sides and listing that as the standalone representative is so unbelievably oversimplified and narrow. It is not, it is the truth. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declaration_of_the_Immediate_Causes_Which_Induce_and_Justify_the_Secession_of_South_Carolina_from_the_Federal_Union Reasons given: Northern states wouldn't uphold the Fugitive Slave Act, a President was elected that was going to end slavery, and that the non-slaveholding states were "increasingly hostile" to the institution of slavery. You are just wrong, I'm sorry.
&gt; my point is i can "claim to be playing dnd" with some rule changes, even major ones. Sure, but with "rule changes" you're starting from "stock DnD" and changing the rules. If you don't actually know what the stock rules are you're not changing them from the original, you're inventing from whole cloth. Which is fine, but it's not modifying DnD.
The actual story is that it was written on a whiteboard in the library, the article "jihadwatch" wrote, with thanks from "religion of peace", writes a misleading headline suggesting that it was some kind of official request from the school, and that it applies to the whole campus. The only thing other than the headline that "jihadwatch" adds is an unsourced line about &gt;But here once again, as always, the consideration goes only one way. without explaining what exactly they mean. Were Muslim students asked not to do something out of consideration? Given that the only thing "jihadwatch" adds here is misleading headlines and unsupported sniping, why did you choose to post this source rather than the original CollegeFix source, which even admits they are right-biased but at least had an unbiased headline.
&gt;The point is the draw attention to the phrase "shared spaces", a phrase that is vague and open ended. Right, it's made vague and open ended by r the context of it being in the library. &gt;First the library, then the Muslims intend to extend the concessions to ever and ever larger areas, with the demands on non-Muslims never ceasing, until they own the whole world and all the non-Muslims are enslaved. And this is the islamophobic biased bullshit I'm talking about, the type who gets their news from "jihadwatch". But sure, "if you don't mind please limit your stinky food in this one public space for a short time" will totally turn into a global caliphate, buddy.
You can say the exact same thing about the person saying that anytime they hear people that don't like Bernie they immediately assume that that person is wrong.
"not trying to argue", immediately busts out 6 paragraph attack and accusing the person of copy/pasting comments.
And those are all upvoted by the other people who wrote those thousands of posts. That's not exactly moving on
&gt; Seemingly not thus far. He literally admitted to firing Comey because of the investigation, obstructing the investigation. What part of that is "seemingly" not illegal?
&gt; Trump tower meeting gives some serious implications of willingness, but unless any sort of campaign transaction materialized, there was no actual crime there This is absolutely completely 100% not true. Soliciting a hitman to kill someone is still illegal even if you don't end up paying them, for example.
&gt;Yes and no - he admitted to firing Comey because he wouldn't publicly announce that Trump wasn't a subject of the investigation This is a lie. &gt;And, in fact, when I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said: 'You know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story, it's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should've won -- &gt;since at the end of the day, nothing actually got obstructed By what measure? Just because it didn't stop the investigation doesn't mean it didn't disrupt it, therefore obstructing it.
No? Not sure how that's relevant? My point was "yeah, these people left a comment and then moved on" isn't true, because they left their comment and then proceeded to keep pushing those types of comments and posts to the top. They very clearly didn't "move on".
Misleading headline
We know that he's aware of the Trail Blazers, that's all I need to hear.
Every single Ty Lue is so dense.
Having a bare minimum of "be in the party you want to lead" isn't ignoring stances.
&gt;I mean we know the context of g7 in general but not every second of every conversation. I’m sure they had a lot to discuss. Sure, but posting this picture with that headline (which itself is a lie since there was obviously more than one second between the pictures) seems to suggest that the other picture was painting a false picture of the summit. But we know that it isn't, that this one is. Yes, they both happened, but both don't accurately reflect the overall events and tone of the summit.
You're talking about using a photo to prove the reality of an event, when what the original photo does is *express* the reality of an event through a moment in time. We know from statements, from video, from reporting, that Trump acted like he appeared in that first photo. That's why it was used. Being able to find a single snapshot of him acting jovially and everyone smiling doesn't change that and doesn't represent the reality of the event.
If you can't get information from 7 countries separate media and direct live reporting, along with video and written statements from the people directly involved, where exactly can you find anything?
And why are those reliable? And the point is I'm not analyzing the photo, I'm saying it represents the facts we know pretty well. If the photo didn't exist the facts would still be the facts.
&gt;Who said your news sources are better than theirs? No one? But you're saying that they're worse, so I'm wondering why the ones you suggest are more reliable. &gt; Maybe, like I said, stop over-analyzing pictures of the g7 summit and you don’t have to worry about who was smiling and who wasn’t. Again, not analyzing the photo. You have the causation backwards. The photo represents what we know from the summit, evoking the same feeling. That's not analyzing the photo to prove something about the summit. &gt;If you are reading the news through a tertiary source, how about you stop calling the reports “facts.” Again, like I said, the news about the summit includes video, speeches, and direct written statements from the people involved. Those are facts, no matter how much you want to deny them.
&gt;Ok, then consider that I am replying because you suggested that “this photo is an accurate depiction of how the world feels.” For one, speak for yourself. Secondly, be less of a fanboy about it. You put it in quotes, but it's not what I said, nor is what I suggested. What I said was that, given the evidence we have, the photo accurately represents what happened at the summit. I have spoken for myself, and I've done nothing "fanboy" at all. &gt; &gt;I never said any news source was more or less reliable, you did. You literally did. You said that I shouldn't get news from the mainstream and that I should get it from less known outlets. That's you, saying that those less known outlets are better sources than "normal" media. What else did you mean? &gt;I suggested they should mostly be considered equally reliable if you want to piece together a good -guess- of what was going on. I mean, you didn't, you said to ignore whatever sources I currently use (which you have no idea what sources I use) and to listen to yours. If you didn't mean that then cool, but it's what you said.
&gt; Actually you're wrong. I can't find any source where it clearly states the scope of the investigation. You were literally given a link to the official document detailing his scope: https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/967231/download which is also easily found via google search. &gt;If that scope includes mobile devices, where does it define that, and why is Mueller only requesting that over 1 year later. The scope of the "investigation" is not the scope of a "warrant". This article is discussing a request Mueller is making, not a warrant. And why does when he's asking for it matter to your "question" about scope? My point still stands, and you still admitted it directly; you aren't asking these questions in good faith to actually learn something, you believe you already know the answers and are lying by pretending you don't so you can try and manipulate people into attempting to help you so that you can push your agenda. &gt;The point of a warrant is so that the government doesn't have limitless range to investigate you. Yes, I know that. Thank you. Your point in bringing that up? The relevance of that to our conversation is...?
I believe you replied to the wrong comment?
You mean an entire city literally built for the exact purpose of hosting the United States government? As opposed to some random town in Florida?
Um... yes. But without the /s
You could even write the code so that it randomizes printing a toy inside a box, or printing an empty box. No one in the world would know until it was opened.
Unless you are the worst criminal in the country's history somewhere between 99.9999% and 100% of laws that exist are not in place because you personally did something wrong, but you still have to abide by them, and they can still be valuable.
But we have centuries if evidence that that is not a good way to get people to not commit crimes or recommit after release. Just look today: our prisons are horrific, people literally die in them from mistreatment, but recidivism is still high. If anything such treatment makes it *more* likely that they will wind up back in prison.
Do you think everyone who goes to prison is evil? It seems like you're saying that the punishment is the end, not the means to anything. What value do you see in punishing people you see as "evil"? Personal enjoyment? Some sense of moral righteousness? Is it just about making yourself feel better or is there actually something good you see coming out of "punishing evil", for whatever definition of evil you have that seems to include everyone in prison?
Not even "instead of", just "as well as"
&gt;And the Flynn plea is going to be dropped after the IG report. And when it isn't, will you pause and question your sources got these views?
&gt; If this very specific longshot prediction I'm making fails to come true? "Is going to be" is how you phrase longshot predictions?
And to follow up, as expected, no the IG report will not be causing the Flynn plea to be dropped.
You literally said "after the IG report". Now they're unrelated.
&gt;And I don't value criminals very highly at all. I'm sorry that's challenging for you. It's very challenging for me. Because this includes people from all walks of life, committing crimes that you yourself have probably committed but not been caught. It's very challenging to see someone so firm in their believe in the lack of humanity in someone just because they were sent to prison. Like I said, that's much closer to actual pure evil than the vast majority of people in prison.
Generally "after" means "directly following", "because of", "related to", otherwise why would you have linked them? But it seems like you have built yourself a nice shell of denial where no prediction can truly be wrong and it all just validates your view. Tell me honestly, did you think today's IG report was going to say something different than what it did?
Reposting my reply, then Complain about strawmen, and then freak out that I'm somehow saying criminals don't deserve punishment? All I'm saying is they deserve to be treated like human beings. &gt;I have my opinion about convicts and punishment, you have yours. Go fuck off. Do you even remember what sub you're in?
Pretty much every single thing you said is either factually untrue, or just a baseless extrapolation from a small fact that is completely unrelated to your inference of it. This would be impressive if people that share your penchant for insanity weren't so numerous.
&gt;no, I deny criminals humanity for the inhumane ways they have acted towards other people. So what about crimes like possession of drugs? A large section of that chart you ignored. I'm what way did they act inhumane towards others? &gt;You are really struggling with that concept. I am judging them based on their actions, nothing more or less. As I keep saying, the part I struggle with is you lumping all people in prison together as if they were all rapists and murderers. &gt; &gt;&gt;ignoring myriad of reasons &gt; &gt;there is no reason to commit crime. &gt; Ok, good job, you've taken an immovable moral stance that ignores all reality. Congrats on the thought terminating statement. If you want to read the rest of the sentence and actually respond to it let me know.
But we already know for a fact that there is a limit on "the harsher we make the punishment the less likely people will commit the crime". Humans don't work like that. And then you're basically ensuring that any rapist or mugger or anyone you'd put in this position will commit any other crime to avoid getting caught. Congratulations, you've now turned every armed robbery into a murder, because when the punishment is the same why leave a witness alive who can identify you?
That is not a settled fact of law.
No, that's agnosticism, as shown in the linked chart. Theism/Atheism deals with belief, Gnosticism/Agnosticism deals with knowledge.
&gt;Yeah, you can't add the caveat of "theism" and "atheism" to people who are agnostic because the word literally means they don't know. I mean, knowledge and belief are two different things, it's as simple as that. &gt;I don't see on that chart an entry for "agnostic" which is what I am, and I'm neither an agnostic-theist or an agnostic-atheist, because niether of those terms even makes sense. Do you believe a god exists? You don't *know* whether or not one does, sure. Do you *believe* one does? That's not a question answerable with "I don't know", you either do or you don't. &gt;The only belief with agnosticism is the belief that you can't form a belief in god on the knowledge we have. Agnosticism says that we do not **know**, and maybe can never know, one way or the other. That is different from saying we cannot form a belief.
Except Trump did put tariffs on China, and China responded. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/06/15/us/politics/us-china-tariffs-trade.html
"I have not come to abolish the law, but to fulfill it" -that Jesus guy
&gt;Kids are treated fairly well. Bullshit. Go listen to that audio and tell me that.
What law forces separation of children from their parents?
It applies to all people in US jurisdiction.
&gt; It was a response to what you said since I was setting up the following sentences where I explained why the policy was congruent with the law Except you didn't. You haven't addressed Constitutionality at all, except to handwave it as "naw it's fine" &gt;The law that required separation was two fold. One a criminal charge against illegal border crossers, and two a ruling that states you can't jail children and adults together. Can you quote those please? &gt;.a normal trial would be great, but it takes a long time. Sometimes over two years. Ok? This sounds like half a thought. Again, "it's hard" isn't a good enough reason to justify depriving people of their rights. &gt;(about 90% when they have an ankle bracket-source npr). Not how sources work. &gt;4 the wall isnt separate from immigiration but sure we can agree to drop that point. I didn't say it was separate from immigration. Read what I actually said. &gt;immigration is a mess. But how do liberals propose to fix that? In many ways. Changes to enforcement, changes in laws. Allowing more immigration in general to facilitate *legal* immigration over illegal immigration. There are piles upon piles of policy papers on this subject from Democratic/liberal organizations and candidates. &gt;I hear trump Being called a racist xenophobe for trying to enforce border security by allowing enforcement of laws which were already on the books This is the straw-iest strawman that ever strawmanned. He's called a racist xenophobe for calling all Mexicans immigrants rapists and criminals and things like that. &gt;But the mass hysteria is ridiculous. The comparisons to Nazi Germany only weaken the argument about what should actually be done. Only if the comparisons are invalid. They aren't. Children are being kept in tent camps in 100-degree heat, crying and getting sick and being kept from their parents. They are being put through this because they have been targeted and demonized as less than human (see: "infest") by the leader of this country. This is a valid comparison. &gt;I do NOT ever condone limiting free speech beyond what the supreme courts have already deemed responsible restrictions. But what if the government was in a "difficult position"? Why is that a reason to limit some Constitutional rights rights but not others? &gt;And every citizen and detainee on American soil deserves legal representation This is the exact opposite of the President's position that we are discussing. And again, why is "it's hard" a valid reason to deprive people of their fundamental rights?
&gt;http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2017/mar/15/florida-conference-catholic-bishops/being-united-states-unlawfully-crime/ What was this supposed to be a source for? It disagrees with you that being in the US unlawfully is a crime. It is not a criminal act and you should not be sent to prison for committing it. Tons of people illegally immigrate simply by entering legally and then overstaying their visa. And your link says nothing about your claim around separating parents from children. &gt;"Attorney General Sessions noted that deportation orders issued in absentia “have doubled since 2012, with nearly 40,000 in the 2017 fiscal year.” This isn't suggesting that more people are skipping out on their hearing, it's saying that more deportation orders have been issued. Not related to what you claimed. &gt;EOIR data confirm the increase, but also show that most immigrants still show up for their court dates: 74 percent of immigrants appeared at their final hearings in 2017 Which is about the same percent of people that skip their court dates for non-immigration hearings. &gt; He never called all mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and things like that. Hmmm &gt;“They are not our friend, believe me,” he said, before disparaging Mexican immigrants: “They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.” Yeah, he did. &gt;The comparisons are completely invalid. Nobody is trying to mass exterminate children in the US... they were in nazi germany. They didn't fucking start out with mass extermination. You know what they did? They started targeting a group of people as the source of all the country's problem, then they imprisoned them, then they separated them from their families, and then down the line they got to mass extermination. You don't have to wait until the train cars are loaded up and on their way to the gas chambers for any comparisons to Nazi Germany to be valid. &gt; They are put through this because they crossed the border illegally and are not offically registered in the country. "They are put through this because they engage in illegal homosexual behavior and are breaking the laws of the country." That's the rationale for putting homosexuals in the Nazi prison camps. Coming up with reasons why you think it's ok to deny people rights doesn't mean you aren't still denying them their rights. &gt;But it IS a potential reason to halt immigration from certain countries not deemed to have adequate security measures. This is just a complete and total digression into a complete other issue.
After Teddy kills himself they show Dolores doing an entire montage going across all types of terrain just to get her anywhere near the forge. There's no way the flooded area was big enough to get to Teddy.
Dude, do you think any information that goes against the premise of that sub would be aggregated there? Just because you can look at a lot of links doesn't mean those links represent the whole story.
How dare you
Remember: No Russians
**how**?
https://www.newsweek.com/did-trump-meet-putin-g20-white-confirms-surprise-informal-meeting-russian-1240198
If it's no big deal why lie about it?
&gt; They have the same rights and advantages as every other American if not more They do not. Quick example from the top of my head; black people are jailed more often and for longer for the same crimes committed by white people. &gt;It’s even been proven that in this day and age black Americans reach the highest position of power in the United States. How is this proof of anything? One black person becoming president provides zero information into whether or not black people are oppressed. &gt;The United States is about equality for all. The United States being *about* something does not mean that the United States is *achieving* that goal. The US was *about* "equality for all" when it was founded as a slave-holding, women-disenfranchising country, too.
Header for that section: &gt;Different types of **election** fraud
Lol, whatever happened to the Trump-fanatic's theory that Flynn was going to retract his guilty plea any day now (months ago)?
&gt;That said, I can't help but wonder about the Strongholds and Followers ruleset The S&amp;F rules have been looked at and playtested by more people than probably 99.9% of homebrew content. If there was a balance problem it'd be sorted by now. &gt;gamebreaking during the stream How is this even possible? A DM runs their game the way they want to make it the most fun for the players (and in this case viewers). It's like asking "what if an artist breaks the rules of art?" The rules provide a helpful structure, not a rigid unbreakable prison.
except that was all scripted and he was fed his lines.
Bullshit. The only family members people want jailed are ones that have committed crimes of their own. No one's calling for Tiffany or Baron to get locked up.
Oh my lord, Trump is literally trying to explain to Nancy fucking Pelosi how passing a bill in the House and Senate works. What a joke.
Doesn't justify that response in any way shape or form.
So then they shouldn't be a cop either, based off of your invented psych eval of this random internet commenter. Why do you think attacking them makes this behavior from cops ok?
But you aren't listening to /u/PhilLucifer What in "the rest" could justify this response? What in the rest of the video could that kid do that justifies a cop threatening an abuse of his authority to take away your freedom? It obviously wasn't anything actually criminal or this cop would absolutely have arrested the kid immediately with any excuse. So likely all it was was just talk. What talk do you think it's ok to lock you up over?
Can you give me an example of what the young man could have said to be a dick that you think justifies throwing someone in jail?
It literally says in your link that it's not a law, it's a thing corrupt cops do, illegally. What offense are you talking about? Link the law.
His cooperation saved him 42 years in prison. You think they give that out for "nothing good"?
&gt;You realize Single Payer eliminates private health insurance? Based on what definition of single payer?
All according to keikaku
Lol, the searched around to find the only time he says "Happy Festag" and not "HAPPY FUCKING FESTAG"
That's only true if the rule set in question is meant to be comprehensive and exclusive of other rule sets. This rule set not addressing something it was not intended to address is not a failure if the rule set. For clarity, I am not talking about what S&amp;F "might allow", I'm saying that S&amp;F has no opinion on the matter. It has no opinion on the question. It's like asking if the rules to Yatzhee allow you to talk while you draw a picture for Pictionary.
As head of the transition he's tied in to whatever shit Flynn was up to, whether he professes ignorance or not.
2nd Gig when? :(
It would be leased, not owned.
&gt; And when was the last time Matt and Pat did a video together? They literally just finished an entire playthrough of Cthulhu and started Star Trek immediately. I get everyone's looking for answers, but I don't know why everyone is spewing this hot take that is just factually wrong.
That people saying "but what could they do it's not their fault" are wrong. If we're talking about things we can do to help people crossing the border not die the answer *isn't* to be picked up by ICE, it's to make the crossing safe and legal. They can't avoid responsibility by saying "but it would have been worse if she was left out there". They took her life in their hands when they put her in custody. Regardless of outcome they took responsibility.
This is the problem. You see any attempt to say "there are various things that combined to create this tragedy" and see "the father is perfect and blameless". I never said he doesn't hold some responsibility, that doesn't get rid of the fact that the border patrol ego scooped her up and put her in a cage also *shares* (note: "shares", not "solely holds") responsibility.
Our subreddit should have been the one to fill your dark posts with shiiiiiiiiit!
Absolutely the same. From Yakuza to FFXIV to freaking Lucha Underground the boys have embedded their tastes into my life.
WHY IS THIS THE POST THAT FINALLY GOT ME
You know it's a good freakout when someone destroys their own stuff in rage. I WAS GONNA DRINK THIS BUT NOW I NEED IT TO PROVE A POINT ABOUT HOW MUCH I HATE IMMIGRANTS!
Give it a month or two, that's all. This is so ridiculously fresh it's silly to think that how we feel right now will be how we'll always feel and what's weird now will always be weird.
Yeah, I see the conspiracy theorists talking about who has what channels on their recommendation pages and shit, like this wasn't the bumbliest collection of bumble lords that ever existed. They're much more likely to forget/miss/fuck up things like that then do things out of petty spite.
Van Grack is literally prosecuting Flynn **today**. But yeah, all that top talent is totally leaving the investigation. https://twitter.com/evanperez/status/1075074397231333376
Yes yes yes, I know that's your line you need to say to not address anything anyone says. But seriously, you have no comment on your lame theory about people leaving because it's all over while those people are still working on the team and in fact *leading* important prosecutions?
They **didn't run for president**.
So if it's so standard why lie about it constantly?
So why did he/does he constantly lie about it?
Lying to commit character assassination by association is pretty indicative of the overall quality of this article. Other lies include &gt; was not verified before it was submitted to the FISA court by Comey’s FBI as the primary evidence supporting the warrant. The dossier wasn't the primary evidence supporting the FISA warrant. We've known that for a while now. &gt;And he(Steele) was terminated for violating FBI rules. Again disingenuous character assassination. Steele was "terminated" because he talked to the press, not anything to do with the veracity of his report. The article references the IG report about Peter Strzok while linking to articles that don't mention the IG report. Really just a pathetic hit job all around.
&gt;Listen...it's been two years. Two years You just keep repeating yourself over and over again without understanding anything anyone is saying. &gt;No legal right to question Trump. What do you even mean with this shit? &gt;Let's just let this one ride on for a bit and see what happens. Time will tell. This is my point. We've been letting it ride. Every single step along the way has pointed directly at Trump. Imagine a world where Trump actually did all this stuff you think isn't true. Now explain how that world looks different from the world we're in right now. &gt;&gt;And why are you hung up on "two years"? Watergate lasted 4 years. &gt;And that's not true. [It's very true](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/how-muellers-first-year-compares-to-watergate-iran-contra-and-whitewater/) &gt;There was a break-in, followed by a definite money trail. That happened really quick. Everyone knew at that point that the sh*t had hit the fan. You think that it'd be the same as reading about Watergate in the history books where "everyone knew" because it's all there for you to know immediately after the fact. In real life no people did not know that immediately. Have you ever heard about "[deep throat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_Throat_(Watergate\))"? "Everyone knew at that point" is total bullshit. &gt;If there was a Russian collusion we would have definitive evidence of meetings. We would have a money trail. We would have something other than just Trump existing, as a billionaire business man, on the same planet. Who is "we"? Why would the general public have this "definitive evidence"? &gt;In two years Mueller doesn't have anything You have literally no way of knowing that.
Can I ask the point of this friendly reminder? What clarity do you feel it brings to the discussion?
He literally can
Bradimir
&gt;You're going to get downvoted for commenting on his physical appearance, the new D&amp;D famdom is generally intolerant of dissenting points of view Do you honestly consider critiquing his physical appearance a "dissenting point of view" rather than just attacking someone for how they look?
The [Office of Special Counsel](https://osc.gov/) is not Mueller. Mueller is the [Special Council's Office](https://www.justice.gov/sco).
I mean, he appointed Kavanaugh to do exactly that. As usual he (like the rest of the GOP) assumes that everyone has the same evil motivations as he does.
There will always be abuse in any system, and we should combat it, but don't conflate that abuse with the intent or the overall reality of the system. I would gladly let 20 welfare queens (a term invented to disparage welfare that has little to no evidence that it even exists) mooch off the government of it helps thousands of poor people have enough money to live.
Neither of the things you said disprove anything. You can't just lie and say something is "core science behind the theory". Why do you think "curvature visible from a plane" is a core part of the fact that the earth is round. And how come you ignored what I said about Saturn?
50 votes in 15 minutes? That's not a lot
Why did you go from "flat earthers are mentally unfit" to "how are flat earthers hurting anyone"?
So you're saying our decorated war heroes who are calling him a scam artist are going to hell? How dare you disrespect our military like that. And you call yourself a patriot. Disgusting.
What I think your mean is "the video starts with the guys yelling at the biker". How convenient that the biker would start it there, huh?
No, I've been nervous lots of times.
As has been said a million times, it's not *that* he's doing it, it's *how* he's doing it. *That* he's doing it can be good, but the way in which he's doing it is impulsive, destructive (quite literally) to our allies, a boon to our enemies/adversaries, and all around the absolute **worst** way to go about something that most people agree should be done. Hell even his own generals are confused about what his proclamation means and how they're supposed to go about it. Policy shouldn't be done via tweet. If Trump tweeted tomorrow "The insurance companies have taken advantage of us for too long. I'm announcing free healthcare for all, starting tomorrow. MAGA" people would be reacting the same way. What does that mean, how are we supposed to do it, what do you mean?
Only if your definition of "wrap up" is to immediately and without a plan run away with no regard to the consequences of your actions.
Again, his actions aren't correct. If I say "I'm going to clean your car" it's not "correct" when I throw bleach all over it just because I cleaned your car the worst way possible.
&gt; Were Obama’s actions correct when he left Iraq without a plan? The withdrawal from Iraq took [4 years](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Withdrawal_of_U.S._troops_from_Iraq), and it was initiated by G.W. Bush, with Obama updating the plan over time. It's insane to claim Obama didn't have a plan.
Like you're about to stab a blind woman?
In case anyone is interested, HowMuch.net removed this from their site after they looked into the source of the data, the Federation for American Immigration Reform, and found it incredibly biased and deeply flawed. https://www.wthrockmorton.com/2018/07/11/howmuch-com-removes-immigration-information-from-fair/ This happened over 6 months ago, so I can only assume this image is now stockpiled in a list of anti immigration propaganda somewhere.
They mostly made it up to fit their agenda. https://www.cato.org/blog/fairs-fiscal-burden-illegal-immigration-study-fatally-flawed
&gt; The solution is to have police from the same ethnic group. &gt; &gt; How will African Americans blame police from their own neighborhoods for being brutal towards them? Interesting that you frame it as trying to make sure people can't blame the system vs actually preventing the system from being corrupt. &gt;The ethnic differences in the US are unbridgeable because association with an ethnic group has become a staple of American politics and a source of unearned privilege. &gt;No one will be willing to give up their identification when it means getting into college is easier or it's a free pass to commit crime And your concern about "unearned privilege" is about... minorities?
conservative-*leaning*? &gt;[When it came to the editorial page, Anschutz’s instructions were explicit — he “wanted nothing but conservative columns and conservative op-ed writers,” said one former employee.](https://www.politico.com/story/2009/10/phil-anschutzs-conservative-agenda-028355)
Why would it be uncomfortable if atheists don't believe in hell?
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/12/20/us/politics/mexico-trump-asylum-seekers-migrants.html Sorry, the facts don't fit your narrative here
Hey hey hey. I'm a Democrat, and *I* blame the other side for children dying. I mean, I actually have a reason to other than hyper-partisan bullshit, but still.
If this were true why were there [zero](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/18-migrant-children-died-obama/) child deaths in ICE custody under *8 years* of Obama? Obviously something's changed, and it's not the desert.
&gt; Just because two things happen at the same time doesn't mean they're inherently linked. Sure, but it doesn't mean they're not, either. You can't ignore the policy and tenor changes brought in by Trump. We have: X didn't happen at all, Trump made changes that would make X more likely, all of a sudden X starts happening. Obviously not 100% rock-solid mathematical proof, but any reasonable person can see what is most likely happening here. &gt;The first girl had been marching for days without food and water, and when ICE got their grubby hands on her, they immediately tossed her in an ICU, but within hours she passed away. &gt; it's also a set of circumstances that absolutely could have happened under Obama's administration. BUT IT DIDN'T. Why is this so hard for you? All the circumstances outside of the control of the US government are the same, the trek, the lack of food and water. The changed variables are US policy. &gt; Either Trump's unlucky it happened to him, or Obama's lucky it didn't. This is you explicitly saying that you aren't even *entertaining* the possibility that the changes in policy from Trump had anything to do with it, because it's all just luck.
&gt;The view amongst blacks that discrimination is the dominant cause of racial inequality actually reinforces the anti-intellectual black cultural values that are substantially preventing blacks from closing the gap. So, are you of the opinion that discrimination *isn't* the dominant cause of racial inequality, or are you saying that even though it *is* the dominant cause of racial inequality we shouldn't act like it is as to not demotivate people? It seems odd in a post ostensibly all about finding scientific truths that you might suggest ignoring reality to change behavior.
Then it would be correct to say that he called her nasty...
&gt;No, he is referring to her comment. He is talking *about* her comment, that does not make every noun in what he said "her comment". This first part directly was talking about the comment. The second part *explicitly* uses references "her". Not "her comment", but "her". If I said "Skiplay's comment? I didn't like it. I didn't realize he was a weirdo", would you honestly say I wasn't calling you a weirdo in that sentence?
&gt; He is directly responding to a question about her comment. You can respond to a question about someone's comment by saying something about them as a person, I don't know why this is so confusing to you. &gt;Stop omitting the question being asked because it removes the context. I'm "omitting" it because it's been quoted already and I don't feel the need to keep repeating it? I acknowledge the context, that doesn't change what he said.
Yeah, it's called Oklahoma
I like when the cop read out the code that actually said he wasn't allowed to hold the sign he immediately gave up the "I'm allowed!" to just "Well arrest me then!"
Must have watched a different video. In *this* video he randomly accuses this cop of corruption, yells at him for a while, and whines when the cop doesn't follow his orders. You know it's gonna be one of "those" videos when he pulls out the "you work for me!" line.
I mean, that is just completely not how that works. Jurisdiction is not dependent on whether or not you broke a law, it is relevant to what authority has legal rights to enforce the law. You are under various jurisdictions regardless of whether or not you broke the law. And again, yes, the cop works for the public. You, as an individual, are not "the public". You are a *member* of "the public" and bound by the public's rules, which cops enforce. Laws and regulations define what "the public" have decided what behavior we should all be held to. Individual members of the public can be held accountable for breaking those rules. The idea of "you work for me" suggests some kind of relationship where you can directly tell them what to do, and that just doesn't exist. The way you tell the cops what to do is by lobbying your government/running for office and passing laws and regulations to tell them what to do. That is "the public", they work for. Not you, as an individual, who doesn't like being called on their shit.
He literally read out what he could give him a citation for. I'm not saying I agree with it, but the rule exists apparently.
Yeah, talking about drawing attention to advertising, something like that.
It doesn't mean I'm a boot licker because I watched a damn video. I don't particularly like police, doesn't mean I like the idiots yelling nonsense at them either. What about your life is made better by insulting me like that?
It doesn't need to be based on reciprocation when you put actually bad people on the bench. Gorsuch probably not, but Kavenaugh is a total hack through and through, he could protect Trump just to stick it to the liberals, because he sees that as a good in and of itself, not out of paying back favors.
They've done exactly that time and time again because there are zero consequences for them. They pushed an actual pedophile for Congress, and yes he lost but no one who pushed him forward faced any political repercussions. I'll ask again, what is it about republican actions over the past several decades that makes you work so hard to give them the benefit of the doubt? Sure, you doubt they'd do it, and you have no evidence, and you won't do anything to learn enough to contradict your instinct.
Assuming that's actually true, what does sterility have to do with it? Are sterile women not actually women? Are sterile men not actually men?
&gt; There are exceptions that prove the rule that is a very quick turnaround from &gt;one exception would disprove that
You didn't answer my question. People who aren't XX or XY exist, they are people. The fact that they may be sterile is irrelevant. XX and XY people can also be sterile.
You feel that the person who *isn't* claiming that someone being, in your view, strident and annoying and counter-productive to the cause of trans rights is the #1 enemy of that cause over the people actively causing direct harm to trans people is the one being petulant? I would disagree with that.
Certain combinations of holding a knife and moving your arm are illegal, woaaaah.
Sorry, I didn't mean to suggest one or the other was wrong, just that pretty screenshots running at 540p probably don't look as good during actual gameplay. Not sure it deserves a "fucking H O W" when the "how" is by dramatically lowering resolution during actual gameplay, which is pretty standard.
I don't know if Matt and the team would want the cross-contamination with the main campaign, but one-shot/two-shots of either the Officer's retainers out on adventures or the journeys of some of the Chain diaspora'ed at Blackbottom making their way to Capital would be pretty dope. Not sure Matt would want to be a player in his own world, though, if that makes sense.
If someone has a hysterectomy making it impossible for them to bear children, is that something they have an obligation to disclose to their sexual partners? If not then what is the difference?
But by that logic you'd want people to disclose of they have some % of African ancestry so that people who don't want to be with a black person? Racial identity is important to some people. At some point it is not the responsibility of your partner to account for your personal beliefs. I can see if you volunteered "I don't want to date anyone that wasn't assigned X gender at birth", then it could be fair to bring it up at that point, but making it their responsibility to proactively address all the things you could potentially have a problem with seems silly.
You seem to be approaching this from the idea that everyone has and makes clear very specific preferences about genitals, and so partners should know those preferences and bring it up if they don't fit those preferences. You use words like "know" and "intentionally". But in reality that is almost never the case. You generally don't *know* and aren't *intentionally* misleading anyone, unless you buy into the "trans panic" argument that some people are just so violently against certain genitals that it's reasonable to take these proactive precautions of informing everyone about your downstairs situation so that no one flips out and attacks you. You're saying we should just assume what the other person likes/doesn't like wrt genitals and volunteer information based off of that, and I think that that is just as silly as assuming whether or not someone likes black people and volunteering your racial heritage just to be safe.
The one in the video is actually Lightpack, a bunch of scammers. Apparently Dreamscreen is no longer in business
This is a video of Lightpack (Lightpack 2, specifically). Check out the comments on their Kickstarter page. People have also done video essays on how they ran a scam campaign. I'm still waiting for mine like 3 years later, but they're "shipping any day". The one that's out of business is Dreamscreen.
That's nice. I'm looking right now at my pledge, with "Expected delivery Feb. 2017" on it along with years worth of "we're about to ship" updates (separated by 3-6 months).
I mean, if you insanely believe that good cops are the only ones that can address the problems, then sure. But that's not reality.
What? I was just correcting you that this wasn't the company that went out of business and responding to your questions. Not sure why you're taking it personally defending this company you know nothing about.
&gt; Also, you keep putting words in my mouth, I never said good cops shouldn’t report bad cops. You: &gt;A lot of good the good cop would do getting himself fired by reporting a bad cop. Now there’s one less good cop on the streets. You happy now?
&gt; Yes because what you personally type on Reddit equates to "statistical studies" Ok, then say that. That's not what "bandwagon fallacy" means. You are more than welcome to think I misinterpreted studies. From what I read the findings are generally either "Evidence shows that homicide rates don't go down because of the death penalty" or "Unable to determine if the death penalty has an impact on homicide rate", both refute your claim that the death penalty decreases homicide rates. Go look them up for yourself. Here are a few starters https://scholarlycommons.law.northwestern.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=6901&amp;context=jclc https://www.dartmouth.edu/~chance/teaching_aids/books_articles/JLpaper.pdf https://www.aclu.org/other/case-against-death-penalty https://www.nap.edu/read/13363/chapter/6 &gt;Um no, the full transcripts and video content of the confessions werent released until then but the fact that the confessions existed was well known before then.. still trying to tract down an exact date... Let me know when you find it. But even if you are correct, producing such an ad calling for people's deaths based on the *hearsay* that there *might* be confessions is still disgusting. &gt;It was a call to action for a city that was of course caused by this crime.. the identity of the criminals is and was irrelevant and again they werent identified in the ad. Them being identified or not is irrelevant, everyone knew exactly who it was targeted to.
&gt;You seem to be incapable of arguing your points based off what I actually said and are now involved in a pattern of creating strawmen.. I didn't make a positive claim about our current system today. The only comment I made about our current system was to knock it. Sorry, I didn't mean "positive" as in "good", I meant "positive" in the sense of "You are making a claim that something is true". Like, the opposite of "you can't prove a negative", you are claiming a positive. Your positive claim about the current system was that it deterred murder. I've provided you several links to studies that say it doesn't, or at best we don't know whether or not it does (which you asked for, and then promptly ignored). &gt;I also didn't claim it was effective You claimed it had an effect. &gt;You don't need to be related to a woman that was brutally raped and murdered in order to think the perpetrator needs to be killed. To think it? No. To go to the lengths of spending a large amount of money **solely** to tell everyone else that you want them killed is a whole other level. &gt;And this doesn't fit the definition of cold blooded. It's caused by the reaction of the brutal facts of this case. But it wasn't done in the heat of the moment, like the men who find their wives cheating on them and commit murder. He was separate from the situation, injected himself into it, and called for the deaths of other people. To me that's cold blooded, because he doesn't have the excuse of being caught up in the momentary reaction. He had to decide to write the ad, write the ad, get it proof-read, tell people to get it put into the papers, pay those people. That's a lot of steps, anywhere along the way of which any sane person would have stopped and thought "this is insane". &gt;Unfortunately no. It's supremely difficult to look up google archives of news from your phone... Is another possibility that it didn't happen the way you're claiming?
&gt; human Hierarchy is a naturally evolved phenomena which clearly provides some value to the animals which display it. If not it would have been discarded long ago (by the nature of evolution). That is not the nature of evolution.
&gt; and a part of that is understanding that social hierarchies are not a human invention created to keep some people oppressed, which, yes, is exactly what many radical leftists believe But pointing at some natural hierarchy does nothing to show if a particular *human* hierarchy was an "invention created to keep some people oppressed". The only thing it "proves" is that hierarchies exist in nature. That's nice, it's obvious, why bother talking about it? The question you're talking about isn't "do hierarchies exist", it's "what is the motivation/reason behind any particular hierarchy", which pointing at lobsters does absolutely nothing to help answer.
&gt; No I actually didn't state that... You would do well to merely quote me and then comment right underneath so you stop misconstruing my statements. Ok, here you go: &gt;Capital punishment is productive....that's why we use it and calling for it to be used again is asking for those benefits to be reinstated.. That's you, talking about the "benefits" of the death penalty. &gt;The main one being that murderers/rapists are killed so they cannot repeat offend. That's you, saying that murderers can't murder more, which would naturally bring down the murder rate (after you got done saying "I didn't say it'd bring down the murder rate). &gt;I actually stated it had benefits, specifically to society. And this is you again, saying what I said you said. I don't see how you can argue I'm making stuff up and then immediately go say what I'm claiming you said. &gt;There isn't actually anything inherently wrong or immoral about the act, which is exactly what people are acting like. What is your definition of "inherently wrong or immoral"? I feel like it's probably "things I don't like", and then things you do like aren't wrong or immoral. Why bring the phrase "inherently wrong" into any of this? We're obviously talking about morality, I disagree with yours, it isn't an end to the discussion just you asserting that your morality is the only true one. &gt;I mean okay in your opinion Yup, that's why I said "To me", that's a hint to the reader. &gt;It's just flowery language that is unnecessary in this situation and helps to promote the narrative Kind of like "inherently wrong or immoral"? &gt;I guess my problem is that there isn't any objective measure of the ad being an issue. It's just an opinion. Of course it's just an opinion. How could you determine the objective morality of it? I've explained why I think it's wrong, I've provided evidence that your recollections of how it played out (the recollection you based your feeling about the incident on) were incorrect. I'm not going to be able to objectively prove your feelings are wrong, but I've proven that your facts certainly are, and I was hoping that your new understanding of the facts might make you re-assess your opinion. &gt; and just seems like another nothing burger that the media wants to focus on because it's Trump... Alternatively, dismissing everything except the most egregious acts he does normalizes the low-level horrible things he does, and I don't like that, I think it's wrong. We shouldn't only be able to focus on the worst of his shit.
&gt;No I literally didn't say that so why is it in quotes? In order to signify it as a self contained phrase? Anything I quoted you directly on I used the Reddit "\&gt;" quoting method. &gt;This is why we can't get anywhere... Sorry but you need to get a lot better at actually comprehending what people are saying and less interpretation of what you think they are saying... So please tell me what your claim was. Actually make a point instead of saying what your point isn't. &gt;No you didn't. What did I say they knew? See you still haven't just come out and said what I was wrong about. You took more words and still said zero things... You said... Jesus, whatever, I give up. I don't want to go another round of directly quoting you and you saying "nu uh I never said that". The copy/pasting is exhausting. I've baby walked you through this every step of the way, I gave a nice conscice answer to your "lay it out in plain language" point and you completely ignored it. You don't actually want a discussion, you just wanna play some bullshit game. Go find someone who wants to play it, I don't.
I see you copy-pasted this reply to/from someone else, so maybe that explains it, but this doesn't actually answer what I asked. You are doing a lot of explaining of what you *think* Peterson is arguing against, but you aren't providing anything showing Peterson saying that that's what he's arguing against. I'll reiterate my question: &gt;is there anywhere where Peterson is actually addressing a person making the argument that it is impossible for hierarchical structures to be natural? Like, an article he's rebutting or a debate he's having actually *with* a person?
Evolution does not by definition discard things which provide no value. Anything that provides no downside to procreation has no evolutionary pressure to be discarded. Non-impactful traits, or traits that only impact a species after it's ability to reproduce has ended, are not "discarded" by evolution, they are only removed, if at all, by random mutation that happens to remove them.
Where is showing a birth certificate listed as a requirement?
Yes, a birth certificate is *one* way to prove that. He'd already proven it long before he ran for president, showing his birth certificate was not a requirement.
Of course you would, that means you don't have to blame yourself for your actions. That doesn't make it correct.
I dunno, they're using their hard earned coin to build a Stronghold, permanently changing the landscape and the political balance in the region and granting them new powers. If that isn't enough "contributing" I don't know why getting a 2% discount would really tip the balance.
I mean, define "nothing changes". I gave you one example that wasn't just a monetary discount that was a narrative change without a mechanical one. Again, why are you hung up on a gp discount being the hinge of player engagement?
&gt; Because people who immigrate here legally, AKA go through all the long, tedious processing of becoming a citizen, are naturally going to be pissed about the people who just decide to hop the fence then expect to be taken care of. Ah yes, the notoriously easy life of an illegal immigrant.
&gt; a transgender Can't even pretend to see them as human?
Not liking his game or contract doesn't mean you don't like *him*. Who in their right mind doesn't like ET?
Generally "only the uninformed would disagree with me" isn't a good way to have an honest discussion. Assume some people are informed, are passionate, know his record, and have "looked further into it", and still like Biden, then go from there.
Ok, seriously, where are you getting this from? It's not like that **at all**. It's more like being ok having to fire a friend who doesn't show up for work, but *yes*, you still like hanging out with them. Is that hard to understand? Nowhere did I say "we shouldn't have traded him" or "I liked his contract" or "liking him is enough reason to keep him around". Only that I still like *him* as a *person*.
&gt; It is absolutely no place of yours or theirs to, with no reason other than “it’s very outlandish”, to be so nonchalant about a report of terrorism No one is saying to be nonchalant, simply that guns-out tackling of a man literally standing there not moving is not a "professional, proportional response". &gt;Terrorist attacks are stopped on a daily basis from information that members of the public provide. That doesn't mean that treating public reports as 100% factual is the safe or appropriate way to approach a situation. &gt; Can you imagine giving your evidence at the inquest or, more likely, your trial? Yup, absolutely. "proportional" responses like you're talking about are exactly how people get SWATted and murdered. There have been more cases of SWATting in the US than Islamic terrorist acts in the last decade. &gt; based on our gut feeling about a situation we had no first hand insight in to, decided we should just rock up whenever we could and ask around about it first. Again, total bullshit, no one is saying that would be an appropriate response either. Jesus. Imagine, if you can, that there is *some* **possible** response somewhere between "casually rock up whenever you feel like it" and "draw guns and tackle a not visibly armed, not threatening, not moving man". Like, can you just think of a world where some kind of in-between response is physically possible?
Seatbelts are simply a way to relieve yourself of the consequences of your actions. Don't wanna risk going through the windshield? Ok, that's reasonable. Stop driving then or be prepared to deal with the consequences. We all know glass shards into your brain is a possibility when driving. Seatbelts are wrong.
Did you actually read the article? Exactly what I said, a "haha, that's weird, now on to actual stuff"
You think this cop was ordered to pull off this politician's protective gear and spray him in the face? Stop making excuses.
&gt;There are levels of society where black people don't suffer racism. I disagree. &gt; I specifically acknowledged that white people are racist towards black people but usually it is subtle and barely noticeable. This is just complete bullshit. It's only "barely noticeable" if you don't want to actually look. Do you think shutting down polling stations in minority districts to make it harder for them to vote is "barely noticeable"? &gt;Now of course you can dig up stories and videos with examples that are counter to what I just said, but those are fringe cases. How are you so blind here? You dismiss any study you don't like as biased, you dismiss any evidence you don't like as "fringe". You *have* constructed a bubble around yourself where you could never be proven wrong, even though you are very very wrong. &gt; You have your biases and I have mine, both are based on personal experiences (or in your case... lack thereof) And what are you doing to try and put aside your biases? &gt;I guarantee you, any study that says blacks are more racist than whites will be buried and forgotten and suppressed because it's just not PC to publish such things. You still have **zero** evidence that this is a thing. You are literally just making this up out of nowhere. &gt;That's the narrative that's currently popular to push. You are so insanely deep in the propaganda here. This narrative that *you* are pushing is the "popular" one among right-wing circles, so they can do exactly what you are doing: Ignoring actual evidence. It's great! It works for all sorts of things: race, climate change, evolution, whether or not the world is round. I mean think about it. Go back and replace all your references to race with flat-earth terminology. The arguments would be *exactly* the same. &gt;It's not arrogance to trust your own senses and decades of experience over some politically-motivated study by Left-leaning pseudo-intellectual scientists who have never lived in a black neighborhood. It's arrogance to just assume that any information you dislike is &lt;insert insane rant about leftists here&gt; because you dislike it. &gt;You mean the studies that you cherry-picked to show how evil and racist whites are and how poor and oppressed and victimized blacks are? Sure, those ones. Did you read any of them? Why do you think they're cherry-picked? I mean, if **all** studies are under this evil liberal cabal you've invented why would I need to cherry pick? They're all biased, right? You've just layered excuse on top of excuse, even when they conflict with each other, to defend your ego. &gt;Well obviously I assumed this, just as you would assume that any study by Nazis showing that Aryans are superior to Africans is going to be biased. So it'd be trivial to point out the bias in the methodology, right? For example in such Nazi studies you could point out their reliance on such pseudoscience as phrenology, which has no actual scientific backing. That was easy. Now you do the same for the studies I linked. &gt;Why even bother reading the material, considering the source? You don't even know the source. You've invented what you *think* the source is, that's not the same thing. &gt;You are not going to change DECADES of not only personal experience, but reading thousands of articles and seeing hundreds of videos and newscasts and reports over the years. So, why are all your thousands of articles reputable, but not actual scientific research where you can go and check their methodology? &gt;Here are the studies in a nutshell: "black people are doing worse than whites academically, financially, and health-wise." (true) "The only explanation we can think of for why this is the case, is that whites are racist". LOL! You already admitted you didn't read them, and you reiterate that here where you just invent total bullshit. None of the studies say anything like that. &gt;I have not constructed this bubble. Life experiences have. Jesus this is depressing. **You** choose how life experiences affect you, **you** are supposed to rationally filter what you *feel* to determine what is *true*. Given your language I'd guess you're a fan of the right-wing talking point "facts don't care about your feelings", right? Well literally everything you're saying here is that your feelings are more important than facts. &gt;Having a statistically significant sample size is important, which is why I keep repeating that I have lots of data points. Lots and lots. And yet you are one person. One person disgustingly arrogant enough to believe that what you (claim to) have personally experienced must be a) accurate and b) true for everybody. &gt;Okay... you go ahead and believe your "studies", I'll believe my eyes and ears. And it's people like you who go "[what man in the gorilla suit?](http://www.theinvisiblegorilla.com/gorilla_experiment.html)". You admit you are biased, and yet you do nothing to address that bias and in fact seem to revel in it, seeing it as some kind of strength. &gt; Now, why do blacks murder so many more people than other races? It's a very good question. The problem is to actually explore it you have to not stop your search at "well they're just angry subhuman brutes". https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3202470 https://www.prisonpolicy.org/scans/krivo_peterson.pdf https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2153368716645842 https://www.ajpmonline.org/article/S0749-3797(18)31907-X/pdf
You have just repeated yourself and your absolute resistance to facts over and over. I sincerely suggest you go to these many black people you are such close friends with and explain to them your views that they have lower IQ and everything else. If you will reject my comments because of what you assume my skin color is and what biases I hold then maybe you'd actually listen to a person right in front of you. Until then I can just continuously plead that you toss this "my personal experience overrides actual reality and anything that says otherwise is liberal lies" mentality. Until you do you'll never get anything out of conversations like this because, as I've said, you've constructed this rhetorical shield around yourself where anything that disagrees with your preconceived ideas is either a total lie or actual totally proves your ideas. You can't live an honest life if you decide you're right no matter what. I wish you luck.
[12% of Bernie voters voted for Trump.](https://www.npr.org/2017/08/24/545812242/1-in-10-sanders-primary-voters-ended-up-supporting-trump-survey-finds) [Bernie voters in Wisconsin were 570,192](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Wisconsin_Democratic_primary) [Trump's margin of victory in Wisconsin was 22,748](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_United_States_presidential_election_in_Wisconsin) 12% of 570,192 is 68,423 *Just* Bernie voters voting for Trump cost Hillary Wisconsin, not to mention however many just didn't vote at all. Similar numbers in the other states that swung the election.
Why not? Because we were talking about Bernie voters weren't we? Why deflect to all these other things, real and imagined? Those other things may have had effects, but I laid out in clear simple numbers that Bernie voters voting for Trump definitely did.
&gt; I can understand you wanting my wallet so I don't have any money to spend in the cell, but what do you want my belt for?
I was testifying for 2 hours, 3 hours, 4 hours, I was testifyin' for a long time going through all kinds of mean nasty ugly things, and I was havin' a tough time there.
What were you arrested for kid? And I said "Obstruction of Justice" And they allll moved away from me on the bench there, with the hairy eyeball and all kinds of mean nasty things, till I said "And High Treason" and the GOP all came back, shook my hand, and we had a great time talkin about high treason, destroying the country, all kinds of groovy things we was talkin about on the bench there.
Who's the "they" in this? Iran? Are you saying Iran attacked the US embassy in Iraq? And what exactly constituted this "attack"? Were US citizens killed? Hurt?
Nope, sorry. The US does not have an embassy in Iran. It was Iraq. Now, next questions: Who conducted this attack? Was anyone hurt in this attack?
This is not accurate
And so it returns to the old trope: trans people are only valid in relation to the sexual thrill they can provide cis people. Try looking at the situation as completely separate from you and your personal feelings, it will help. Nobody is being trans to fool you or because they just really want to force you into using "incorrect" pronouns because it's hilarious for some reason. Trans people are trans competent independently of you.
And where have you heard of these evil child corrupting events? Is it possible those events have been fabricated or exaggerated by media with certain biases to stoke anger against trans people?
&gt; There is a rhetorical term for your arguments: Appeal to Consequences of a Belief. Look it up. Your literal point was "Almost half try to kill themselves!" How is that not appealing to the consequences of a belief?
&gt; Just how many are there? ...Who gets to decide which genders are legitimate? Who gives a damn? You don't have to know all of them, no one is going to quiz you. Just treat people you interact with with respect and refer to them as they ask to be referred to. This isn't as hard as you make it sound, and I think you know that because in your daily life you aren't constant out there freaking out over pronouns, it's just an argument you make online. &gt;That puts the responsibility on non-trans people to constantly educate themselves on all of the "recognized" genders Literally no one on earth is asking you to do this. If someone asks you to use certain pronouns do your best to use them. That's it. And if you slip up then they'll probably remind you. This imaginary "RESPECT MY PRONOUNS CIS SCUM" screaming non-binary person you have in your head, put there by right-wing media, doesn't exist in the real world.
&gt;I never said that. You literally did: &gt;They can identify as whatever they want. That won't change their sex. That's you. &gt;I said we have male female and other. the other are the ones born with both parts you brought up. aka not the norm. So you're confusing sex and gender again. &gt;100%. 100% **what*? Why is it so hard for you to just explain yourself? Why do I have to drag out your own opinions like I'm pulling fucking teeth?
But then the while thing falls apart. No one's born with parts making them a certain gender, so what even is your point? Can you for once actually explain your position? Can you explain what you mean by "norm"?
&gt;They aren't? That's news to me. So, you keep flip flopping on this. Do you or do you not understand the difference between sex and gender? &gt;Not normal. Why even bother replying like this? Is you don't actually want to have a conversation then don't. If you do then actually explain your view. This isn't hard.
Twenty punty, kick the habit!
Money is speech, except when it isn't.
Nah, I think it's the cheating.
Take that for data
How much extra are impressive wins worth?
How was it a late hit? I think you've been bamboozled by everyone posting super slowmo clips. Try watching it real time.
Dude, you said "a comment like that", I was giving you what you asked for, no need to jump down my throat about it.
Sorry, what?
&gt; Lmao if 95% of national commentators and the vast majority of other fanbases agree that the hit was clearly dirty and worthy of (at the absolute least) a significant fine, you should consider that your own biased opinion is the unreasonable one Weird how literally no one cared until after Wentz was pulled out. Nobody batted an eye at the time, the play just went on. The only reason anyone cares here is because it resulted in a starting QB being taken out of the game.
He was already in mid-air... Like, physics-wise it's *impossible* to "torpedo himself downward" from mid-air. I get you're upset but chill it with the hyperbolic theatrics.
Why is it ok to give Wentz leeway for a split second decision to launch himself into a dangerous position but not Clowney for a split second decision on where to put his head while he's already falling towards him? Clowney did absolutely **not** "launch late", watch the play again.
I mean, if you want to look at it that way everyone was denied a great game between two great QBs because one of them threw himself out there on a dangerous play and got tackled to bring his head down to the head of someone trying to get him down while he was stretching for more yards. Narratives are fun, aren't they?
And didn't even add the clarification that it was a single person bathroom making this post stupid.
They idea that anyone's gonna get arrested for misgendering. It's part of the persecution complex
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-7226117/Woman-slammed-saying-felt-VIOLATED-man-used-gender-neutral-bathroom-her.html
Well republicans aren't a majority either, so great
If you're here being such an ally why are you perpetuating the bullshit idea that anyone is going to be charged with a hate crime for misgendering someone?
You didn't say "the alt-right have a representative majority", you said they were the majority. The alt right is full of (shitty) people, not electoral college votes.
nope https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-7226117/Woman-slammed-saying-felt-VIOLATED-man-used-gender-neutral-bathroom-her.html
&gt;Why do you think misgendernig is a joke? I don't. &gt;Why do you want to misgender people and not get in trouble for it? Did I say anything about what I do or don't want? You are the one lying that people will be charged with a crime for misgendering when they won't. That perpetuates a stereotype that is very transphobic. I get you're just trolling but just stop.
What I said was what was in the article, if that's wrong or unclear I'm sorry.
No I didn't. My comments are right there, you can read them, why make stuff up?
&gt; Millions of Mexicans and South Americans literally inside the country, illegally voting and truly influencing elections You are a liar.
Seems like the perfect companion to my new tv-screen gaming table, I'd love to be more flexible with making my own digital maps rather than relying on what I can find online.
a) That was one point of many that I made b) That would explain more *investigations* or more *prosecutions*, not more *convictions*. Unless the claim is that the judiciary is also similarly left-biased?
Sir this is an idol concert.
Neither what Wentz did or what Clowney did was illegal, both were just risky and dangerous. &gt;Helmet to helmet tackling is illegal. Incidental contact of helmets while leading with the shoulder, which is what Clowney did, is not.
Having an emotional reaction to something doesn't make you right
Right? You *know for a fact* he's **right there**.
wooooooooow
&gt; Because deep down they believe religion is correct lol, no.
Tannehill really... took a *lick* there.
I mean, you can see them having to reach behind them to try and grab most of those misses, that's on Mahomes.
Why is the approach "give billboard company more money" rather than "pressure billboard company not to allow such nonsense"?
You posted whining, they posted actual facts.
I mean, that's a pretty loose definition of "need".
I can tell by the downvotes. Regardless, I was sincere. Is there a way I could have worded the same sentiment to get that sincerity across without the internet treating it as "venomous"?
It looks like the fidelity on the color minis is (understandably) lower than your current miniatures. Is that something you think will improve before delivery of the Kickstarter, or further down the line?
New blu-ray box set just came out, at least. Buy it now!
Yeah, as Matt mentioned in the video there's a new one coming out later this year.
&gt; It's her words against his. As far as I can tell, it seems more like she's just trying to smear his name. And she pre-planned this years in advance by telling people about it at the time? &gt;He is morally the best option "Doesn't matter what he did or said, we *need* him to save the country from the morally evil other side". This is *exactly* the Trump playbook, you realize that right? &gt; Trump raped tons of women, yet he's somehow still president. There's videos of Biden doing creepy stuff with young girls, yet he's still running. Deflect deflect deflect. Yet again the exact same tactics. "What does it matter what *my* guy did, *your* guy did worse!" &gt;Hell, if he did say it, what was the context? Was he being sexist or making an observation? Seriously, do you hear yourself? Screaming "context!" is, again, the Trump playbook. &gt;The point is, there hardly seems any logic for the press to be acting the way they always have. What way is that, [giving Bernie tons of positive coverage while being vilified by him](https://politicalwire.com/2016/06/15/sanders-received-most-favorable-media-coverage/)? Like Trump? &gt;Here's an example of how it should have been. And you really think everyone complaining about this now wouldn't be screaming just as loud "How dare they accuse Bernie of lying, they are so biased against him!"? You know they would be.
&gt; https://www.google.com/amp/s/thehill.com/homenews/administration/475037-trump-approval-up-6-points-since-launch-of-impeachment-inquiry-gallup%3famp Published literally the day of impeachment, so how can it show something about "since the impeachement" &gt;https://www.google.com/amp/s/thehill.com/hilltv/rising/476978-trump-support-among-republicans-reaches-all-time-high-in-poll%3famp Poll period covers about 10 days after impeachment and only has 1 data point after. &gt;https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-independent-voters-ipsos-poll-impeachment-1476878 Published **before** the impeachement...
&gt; the Senate is the sole arbiter of how the Senate conducts business. As is the House. The Constitution dictates that impeachment originates in the House, if they don't pass it to the Senate what exactly is the Senate conducting business upon? &gt;Moreover, think of the consequences of saying the House can hold impeachment articles. We'd see every opposition party impeach every president only to bury the articles and never send them to the Senate. All this would do would make impeachment meaningless. &gt;it allows the House to exert control over how the Senate conducts business (which is clearly unconstitutional). In what way? If the treatment the Senate would give the impeachment would be actually even close to fair then there's no leverage, the House can send the articles or not. The only reason the tactic was effective here is because enough Republicans recognize the absolutely disgusting way McConnell is conducting the Senate and can't get away with tacitly supporting it. If McConnell wasn't so obvious he'd be able to get away with not promising anything to the House. Offering compromise, or even active pressuring between the House and the Senate is not "clearly unconstitutional", by the way. It happens *all* the time.
So, he only actually questions people who he disagrees with...
Lol, I'm far from anything resembling a communist but sure. Have you looked into this literally *at all*, or did you just find something it would help your worldview to believe so you just assert it regardless of reality? Seriously, this bullshit "lol Nazis were socialist" trope is so overplayed and has been shut down time after time.
We manage to tie things like cars to individuals. Like I said, yes, as currently structured it's not feasible. But we could, if we wanted to, change the structure so that we could. It would have restrictions and detriments, I'm not saying it's necessarily the right thing to do or not, I'm saying it's something we need to at least talk about.
What exactly are you saying "no" to in my comment? It seems like Biden's proposal is the first of the two options I presented.
See, this is the problem. Any time this discussion is had people like you just come in with your "anything different than what we have is a totalitarian hellhole" hot take and shut down any attempt at useful conversation. Could such a system result in that? Sure. Does it necessarily result in that? I don't know, why don't you follow that thought and come up with a position.
Again your "argument", if you can call it that, is that we should absolutely take what fascist dictators say at face value and not critically investigate their claims in any way. Shitrags like the national review agree with you. Actual historians disagree with you. Will you pause for a moment and wonder why that is?
[12% of Bernie voters voted for Trump.](https://www.npr.org/2017/08/24/545812242/1-in-10-sanders-primary-voters-ended-up-supporting-trump-survey-finds) [Bernie voters in Wisconsin were 570,192](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Wisconsin_Democratic_primary) [Trump's margin of victory in Wisconsin was 22,748](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_United_States_presidential_election_in_Wisconsin) 12% of 570,192 is 68,423 *Just* Bernie voters voting for Trump cost Hillary Wisconsin, not to mention however many just didn't vote at all. Similar numbers in the other states that swung the election.
Depends on what you mean by "blame". The statement "if Bernie supporters had all voted for Clinton, she would have won" is factual. Is that "blaming" them?
&gt; Ahh, it's the SC shill. [Ahh, personal attacks. The last refuge of those lacking a logical argument.](https://np.reddit.com/r/mattcolville/comments/er7lh6/star_citizen_caveat_emptor/ff3afb9/) [Shocking.](https://np.reddit.com/r/mattcolville/comments/er7lh6/star_citizen_caveat_emptor/ff3afb9/)
How is that not just a bullshit copout? "If you complain about something then I'm right" is just a schoolyard response that doesn't mean anything.
It is relevant because someone who wanted justification from the bible to stand up and loudly pray in front of everyone could use the verse I posted, just as someone who wanted to tell them they were wrong could use the one in the comment I replied to. Hence my clarifying final sentence: &gt;You can kinda get justification for whatever you want to do from the bible.
And they would say you were wrong. Are you getting my point? &gt;You can kinda get justification for whatever you want to do from the bible.
People using the bible to justify what they already want to do could probably explain away any of the context you think disagrees with them, just like you could do to them.
The problem is that the bible is kinda fundamentally based on mental gymnastics (or, more accurately I'd say faulty assumptions of validity), so you can't really base any of these arguments off of it without being hypocritical in *some* way. It's not self-consistent so trying to base your argument of one part of it is most likely contradicted by another.
His argument was a lot more than that. A lot of the "hollering" is about how he was just plain factually wrong. &gt;Much less so when they act like he's saying topic X is good or just, when he straight up says the opposite -- he just dislikes the proportion between the two. This is completely incorrect. He explicitly said in this case that he doesn't mind X at all and it doesn't matter.
If you continually corruption your way out of the first strike it's hard to get the third. For all we know he's a dangerous driver but because he never gets a ticket he's still allowed on the road.
No one said you should feel shameful... Remembering a shameful history isn't saying "feel personal shame for that history". The history of Oregon and race *is* shameful, that's undisputable.
It is our history. That is a fact. That history is shameful. That is also a fact. Those two things combined does not say that you should feel personal shame for that history, nor does saying we should remember that history. OP has already said he didn't mean what you're saying, as well. You're being indignant over something no one said.
But you were wrong. You said we weren't a democracy but we are, we're just not a pure democracy. What specifics do you think you are bringing to the discussion?
Can you first acknowledge that even OP says the post is not saying you or anyone should feel personal shame? The history is shameful to the people who perpetrated it. Do you think that when people talk about the shameful history of slavery, or of the conquest/genocide of the native Americans, or the Holocaust, or any other shameful event in history, that they are saying you personally should be ashamed? That seems like a huge twisting of meaning so that you get to be indignant about it.
&gt;No, they’re main argument is that nothing the Democrats allege is criminal. Which is pointless since impeachment and removal does not require a crime. &gt; And there’s no evidence that trump was specifically and only targeting the Biden’s. Which there is. &gt;If Bolton came forward and said, “Trump didn’t want any other investigations of corruption, just the Biden investigation,” that would be new information, that would be criminal. That is what he said, and it isn't new, it's just further confirmation. &gt; &gt;But it would also contradict the testimony of every other witness, and the actual content of the Ukrainian call. No it wouldn't. What witness' statement would it contradict? &gt;They all testified that Trump wanted multiple investigations, only one of which was the Biden’s. This is factually untrue. &gt;And investigating corruption and bribes from foreign governments is in the national interest, regardless of whether it benefits trump or not. And any *valid* investigation into corruption related to the funds was already done **before** the money was originally to be released, meaning any hold up had no basis. Not to mention no such investigation was ordered at the time Trump held up the money. The witnesses from several agencies all said they weren't told why the money was held up and that they had to guess at what information Trump wanted.
Biden joined in April, phone call was in July. Why lie about basic facts?
He fucking precipitated the crises with North Korea and Iran, why does he get credit for them not actually starting the wars? And he avoided war with Russia by doing whatever they want, not hard to do if you're willing to sell out everyone else. And he doesn't stretch the truth, he lies. Constantly. About everything. Big things, small things, doesn't matter he lies.
You are just lying. The whole "fire the prosector" thing, for example. The prosector was not investigation Burisma, and Democrats, Republicans and several other countries all wanted him fired. He was following US foreign policy goals in working to remove him. Trump was not.
No
Ah, so by "all of this" you mean "part of this". Forgive me for not thinking you meant the exact opposite of what it said, I should know better. So then your argument would hinge on Trump not reaching the same conclusion literally everyone else had that Biden was going to enter the race?
So, exactly what I said. This "process" that Trump didn't actually inform any of the relevant agencies about until the moment he held the funds began only when everyone knew Biden was going to run, not when he officially announced. Try not to accuse others of being slow just because they recognize the bullshit you're peddling.
It's cooperative in the way improv is cooperative. Your characters don't necessarily have to cooperate, but you the player *must* cooperate with the other players and the DM (and vice versa) in building off each other, not shutting each other down. If you build a character to be a dick, maybe that's fine, but if you build a character to be a dick that can't work with the other player characters then you aren't setting yourself up to be a good player at the table.
&gt; I guess it's a coincidence that donations to the 'Clinton Slush Fund' have dropped by 90% ever since she lost the last Presidential election. &gt; &gt; Coincidence? Only a fool would think so. No coincidence. Years of coordinated constant bullshit attacks by the right on the legitimacy of a charity is definitely going to lower people's desire to donate to it. &gt;I suspect the Clintons will eventually get caught for something. Handy thing to be able to throw out. "There's zero evidence, but I want them to be guilty, so I'm sure they'll be caught for the imaginary crimes I think they've committed eventually". And this whole Clinton deflection changes nothing about the fact that Trump was convicted of stealing money from charity.
That makes zero sense. He didn't endorse his own secretary of state Clinton until after the primaries either, that's standard procedure.
&gt; Hilliary admitted that she distributed classified data on her server. That is a crime. Period. People who actually know the law disagree. &gt;The only way that you could possibly read Comey's statement any other way than I have just stated it would be if you didn't know the law, or didn't care. Or, and stay with me here, you are completely wrong. &gt;She certainly counted on the FBI not persecuting her, because she had her fingers in enough pies, and had dirt on enough people that she could count on nobody mounting a strong case against her on a rarely-persecuted crime. And the evidence of all this dirt she has on people is....?
The definite wrong way to fix it is to hear about peaceful protestors being assaulted and immediately jump to coming up with reasons to defend the police. The definite wrong way to fix it is to pretend that "technically illegal" is the same thing as "wrong" or that someone "technically committing a crime" absolves anyone of any responsibility to treat them like human beings. I'd hope that if you were caught jaywalking you wouldn't think it fair for cops to assault you. Well that's literally reality for many groups in this country, and there's plenty of video evidence just this week of it. And don't tell people to "look into" their own communities, listen when they tell you about their communities.
He could literally just waddle through the White House to find someone with humanity that he hasn't purged yet and get them to write a tweet on his account and that would be better than what he's doing. &gt;The unjust killing of George Floyd is a travesty and a reminder of the systemic racism that is a stain on our country. I stand with the protestors and will work with Congress to prioritize police reform across the country. There, just shit that out in 20 seconds. Can you imagine the president saying something like that with actual empathy and calm?
They feel the need to go "live television folks" every time you hear a "fuck" in the background.
You only have to be a year old to have been around when PPB actively colluded with white supremacist groups.
Oh, sorry, did I upset you by describing the actions of police officers across the country in murdering people?
&gt;But most of the riots at this point (not the protests) are just attempts for people to commit crimes without repercussions (mostly white people) I question your ability to say this with any confidence.
I'm questioning your ability to discern the motivation of "most" of the rioters
We prepare for riots as well as we prepare for snow. &gt;Oh, it almost never happens, why waste the resources- OH MY GOD WHO COULD HAVE PREDICTED THIS
Portland
This is about racism, not winning a football game. Gotta have standards
I keep hearing that DC is blacked out with no internet, is that true? Can't be, right?
&gt;Looks like we're surrounded by gas here &gt;&gt; Why don't you get out of there, Jan &gt; Thanks Wayne Yeah, thanks Wayne, real A+ assistance you're giving to the field team.
Depends on what job you want them to be doing. They set the stage for this earlier when they gassed peaceful protestors and escalated because of a break-in that turns out didn't actually happen, now it's all gone to shit. They have a good strategy of splitting up groups until they splinter into smaller pockets. I wish they'd rather have not deployed the strategy in the first place and let people protest
Peaceful protestors and journalists at getting shot, genius
What is wrong with you?
Is there no responsibility on behalf of the police who were in no actual danger from fireworks to not use that as an excuse to go full authoritarian? It's that kind of logic that says "well, George Floyd was potentially committing a felony so whatever happened to him was his own fault".
Seriously. That was so obviously a planted question, why ask somebody to bring that up?
&gt; The mayor of Portland has looked the other way to even the most outrageous expression of public protests by the militant far left. Do you live here? This is total bullshit. The PPB literally coordinated with right-wing white supremacists groups the last time there were protests. &gt;not a soul in the civilian line is in even the remotest of danger Also bullshit. Go look up Aaron Campbell.
They didn't. An hour after this they fired teargas at peaceful protesters.
https://www.oregonlive.com/portland/2020/05/police-declare-civil-disturbance-amid-clash-with-protesters-in-downtown-portland-live-updates.html &gt;**5 p.m. | Police, protesters face off in early confrontation; police declare a civil disturbance** &gt;The early Sunday confrontation in Portland took place at Southwest Third Avenue and Main Street near the Multnomah County Justice Center, which serves as Portland Police Bureau headquarters and the county jail. &gt;Earlier, protesters and several police officers there shared a moment of apparent goodwill, as armored police took a knee in what Assistant Police Chief Mike Frome said was a show of compassion and respect. &gt;The confrontation broke out in the same location shortly after. &gt;Police declared a civil disturbance, saying police officers were being pelted with objects downtown. They used pepper spray on protesters and ordered them to clear the street.
&gt;As I'm reading this, the police and protestors shared a moment of solace together as the police officers took a knee to show solidarity. Shortly after the protestors began hitting them with rocks, and the police responded with pepper spray (not tear gas) Water bottles, not rocks. And that goes back to my point, none of the cops were in any danger from water bottles. And it all happened *long* before curfew. &gt;This is the way people like to argue these days when they have no counter argument. Shut them down as being privileged, racist, or otherwise indicating that their opinions mean nothing. I didn't just use "privileged" as a random insult, I meant it quite specifically. It *is* a privileged position to use any perceived "lawlessness" as an excuse for police to do anything they want. Because the person making that argument is unlikely to be the victim of that kind of thinking. That's privilege. How many windows do you think someone can break before it's ok for police to beat them? How long does a protester have to stand peacefully after curfew for it to alright for police to teargas them? Again, not asking as an insult, it's a serious question. The priorities you say you have seem so out of whack to me. I mean, I pay taxes in this city. I would **absolutely** love for my taxes to go to those police officers standing their until 6am rather than forcibly dispersing a peaceful crowd just because of a curfew. Why is breaking the law an excuse for any behavior from police officers?
Where are the states rights people? Literally threatening to send in federal troops because he doesn't like what the states are doing.
So, what will Trump do when protests don't just stop because he ordered them to?
The proud boys literally set up sniping nests on Portland last time, cops were totally fine it
A truck with &gt;PEACE &gt;Come with us on this journey of peace on it is blasting Bob Marley and leading the Portland protests, and I feel like this is peak Portland and I hate it.
I mean, that's pretty much what happened, except instead of "forgot", it just *wasn't* a cloverfield movie when they filmed it. They added all the "paradox" talk in VO/added scenes + the one at the end after they decided to add it to the Cloverfield universe.
Totally. And we know it because once those Obama *lackies* were out of there and some real patriots were put in charge Hillary was immediately brought up on charges! oh, wait. Turns out there was literally nothing there.
As is tradition (as long as they aren't white supremacist protestors)
I feel like I'mgoing insane. *How* is it at all accepted in this country that a peaceful gathering of people deserve to be teargassed and beaten and shot. I am seriously so hopeless about this. How hard is it to just... not? Seriously, just don't attack people just because you're cops. We're all people
I just don't see any path where I ever have any respect for the police again
Please don't tell me any of you are falling for this. This 100% did not happen. There have been no reports of it and there were not any major vandalism incidents with private cars. Portland protestors are out here getting attacked and y'all are upvoting this "own the libs" conservative erotica.
No one's saying it would, kinda a silly thing to reply to me with. The point is that a lot of the people whining about "being able to care about racism *and* looting" seem to be putting the loss of property at the same moral level as the loss of human life.
Things can hurt you even if not said to you. If she *was* talking to her mother that comment now negatively colors his relationship with his girlfriend's mother, regardless of if he knew about the comment. That is a hurt.
Uuuuuuuuuuh. *lip smack* mmmmmmmmmm
If you admit they were hurtful, then the question is was it intentional. Would a rational person think that telling their mother that their significant other is"stupid" would be hurtful? I think yes. Therefore it was intentional.
&gt;I have young children that do silly things all the time, I talk to my wife about them doing those silly things when they’re not around as to not hurt them because I can think they do silly things and at the same time not want to hurt them!!! Do you think that discussing those silly things with your wife will hurt your children? No? Then it's not intentional. &gt;I don’t understand what you can’t understand about this?? Because you're only thinking of "hurt" as "I said a thing to a person that hurt them". I'm telling you that there are other ways to hurt people. Like, for instance, giving your mother a bad opinion of them, thereby hurting the relationship she has with them. **That is hurting him**. And the fact that she knew it would do that means that she **intentionally hurt him**. Her not wanting him to hear her say it has zero relevance.
As is tradition
Neither did the other person when the person you're responding to gave them a *false choice*. Your outrage seems targeted
&gt;The sub has gone private, temporarily, in solidarity with George Floyd and the protestors around the country Lol, what a load of crap. I peeked in there before it went private hoping to see condemnation of the aggressive tactics and it was wall to wall defending any and all actions because of the "violent" protesters. It really disheartened me, as I at least hoped the tribal mentality wouldn't spread to defending shit like this. I really see no path in my own life to ever having respect for police again.
The hope is that Biden's much-improved performance among rural voters will help.
If the military won't turn on him for ordering them to attack their countrymen, maybe they'll turn on him for insulting Saint Mattis.
The police have surrounded our Justice Center (that got broken into the first night of protests) with a fence that they threaten arrest and assault if anyone touches. No one touched it yesterday but they claimed someone did and used that as the excuse to teargas everyone. Odds are it happens again, they're itching to use their fun cop toys.
Could be true that those elements are in the protests, although there's no evidence of that in Portland, but it's hard to claim that the instigation comes from anarchist groups when there *was* no instigation beyond standing next to a fence. The instigation came from the police, full stop.
No one said anything about giving anyone a pass, only that random antifa people calling you a fascist doesn't have the same impact as the US government formally labeling someone a terrorist. One is an insult, the other means you could be thrown in a prison cell without trial for years.
There is no way you can fire *into a crowd* discriminately. It's physically impossible.
... You do know what sub you're in, right? I don't think "abolish police" is the prevailing opinion. And besides, you just said "doesn't really matter" when you are claiming "you literally just said fuck cops". They didn't say that at all. You're just lying.
Is anyone saying otherwise?
No one believes me when I bring up the very close connection Oregon police have with these white supremacist groups. Yet another piece of proof for the pile.
By what definition?
But you're just using your own definition and assigning it to "how people actually use the word". Do you have any actual data or reason to believe most people wouldn't classify it as a chemical weapon?
That was the fastest redemption arc I've ever seen
Alright then. Trump *acts like* he thinks that anything he doesn't like is illegal, because he thinks he's a dictator with ultimate authority.
&gt;The student, identified by his attorney as Evan Gorski, was detained for 24 hours before charges were dropped after the video of his violent arrest went viral. As is tradition, the innocent get their lives disrupted/ruined/ended unless they're lucky enough for someone to be videoing so the police can't get away with it.
Maybe pay more attention to the faces at the fence, if you're dismissing them as white or anarchists. It gets "spicy" because the PPB is desperate to use their toys before Ted tells them they can't.
&gt; Here, failure to respond in a manner indicating that you will not self-harm will get you detained. Failure to comply with temporary detention is unlawful. Both aspects of this are **insane** unless you refuse to question the conditioning that made them ok in your mind.
&gt; Obamacare was a complete and unmitigated disaster for most Americans. This is just factually not true. https://www.cnn.com/2019/07/08/politics/obamacare-how-it-has-changed-america/index.html
&gt; Although in Karen’s defense she was calling for a wellness check not to brutalize an innocent black man. Yeah, just like the bitch with the dog was just calling because she felt threatened, totally not to weaponize the police against a black man. edit: Looks like she even lied in the call to the police, claiming he was wearing a "long black coat" https://www.alamedaca.gov/Shortcut-Content/News-Media/City-Releases-Body-Worn-Camera-Footage-of-May-23-Police-Detainment-of-African-American-Resident
&gt; but when she says that there are Jewish wizards or something like that's okay. What, do you want her to tweet out that the Jewish bloodline is incompatible with wizardry because they killed Jesus? That would not be better I mean, I don't think this possibility has occurred to her, but there's always the option of *not* taking a position on Jewish wizardry at all?
&gt;That defeats your argument. Unions are Democrat. Unions give money to the Democratic Party. There are huge differences between police unions and other unions that are more Democratic leaning.
lol imagine having a bumper sticker for your comments Tryin to make a change :-\
Why not?
Are you equating all protesters to antifa? Where in this 4 seconds is it shown antifa spray painting that? And are you saying that people who fought Nazis couldn't have behaved fascistly? Indians might disagree. Or literally anyone under the thumb of the Soviet Union.
&gt; People are burning small business and destroying houses The actual real-world threat of that happening to someone is very overblown. I would consider it not a valid fear for an average cop to hold that would override their need to be able to be held accountable.
&gt; I never heard of any police who just walk up to others on the street and ask for their ID "just because" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stop-and-frisk_in_New_York_City
&gt; has supported a lot of Republican policies. Like what? &gt; does not plan to change much. That's not true in any way &gt;He even said he would veto Medicare for All. ...if there was not adequate finding/transition plan. M4A would fundamentally disrupt a fifth of our economy, I'd hope any president would do the same &gt; If there is going to be a Democrat President, Biden is about as good as they could hope for. That's why Trump bribed another country to falsify dirt on him, because he's just their type.
I mean, you're trying to deflect since you just don't want to accept that your preferred idea isn't the most popular. But the answer to your question is that maybe what you believe about the public option and M4A isn't accurate?
[That's the joke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Removal_of_Confederate_monuments_and_memorials)
That's not really an answer to my question, just a deflection to a different one. But the answer to *your* question is that decriminalization is easily executively achievable, whereas full legalization requires a lot more that would mean working through Congress. Decriminalization doesn't mean not legalizing later, but decriminalization accomplishes a hell of a lot of the goals people who are for legalization talk about.
&gt; I just think that we have to actually take an element from pure democracy, that isn’t already present in a pure republic, to be called a democratic republic, but we don’t. That's a fair sentiment, but it's not accurate to what those words actually mean, so when you say "we're not a democracy" you're not making your point very well. &gt; Our entire government structure is based on a republic, and we take no additional elements from a a democracy. ... As it is, we are a pure republic, we make no changes from the republic form of government to earn a different title I don't really know other ways to explain this. What "elements from a democracy" do you think there are *other than* people voting for their government? I think you're assigning a lot of meanings to the word democracy that it doesn't actually have when used in a phrase like "The US is a representative democracy".
**Again**, you are acting as if "democratic" and "republic" are incompatible. It's not "*But* in a republic", because it's not incompatible with democracy. You seem to be confusing "democracy" with "pure democracy". &gt;My main problem is the phrase “the US isn’t a republic, it’s a representative democracy” Who is saying the US isn't a republic? *You* are saying that the US isn't a democracy. &gt;because they’re the same thing, the latter is just a fancier way of saying it. That's literally *my* entire point, when *you* said "No, we straight up don’t have a democratic government system in the US." &gt; To me it feels like someone is wanting to make America seem more democratic than a standard republic For the love of the definition of words, that's not how any of this works.
delete this
God dammit Russ, don't make me admit you're a decent human being doing good things. I don't know if I can take it.
&gt;This is all actually good news for Trump. Why does this sound so familiar....
And what the hell is wrong with the 4 other cops there who did literally nothing to stop this attack?
I saw him hit at least 3 other protesters more than the person who hit him before that.
You just made me imagine an evidence-based nazi, constantly disappointed that there's no evidence of racial superiority so he can go genocide-ing.
Just like M4A is one potential solution to fix a problem, bussing was one potential solution to fix a problem. Just because you disagree with a proposed solution doesn't mean you don't want to fix the problem.
Except the further left candidate got fewer votes?
By what logic do you make that claim? Are you claiming that people don't care about positions and only care about the candidate? If so then why would Biden need to "look left"?
&gt; Blacks 🤔
What misinformation? He is an ex officer charged in Floyd's death
You cut out such a good part! &gt;"We are free," Trump said. "You understand what I mean." Trump couldn't even understand that the *black* interviewer meant "we" as in "black people" and just included himself in whatever "we" he thought the interviewer meant.
&gt;Our rights are given by (my) god and we may need to kill people to "defend" them Um, no cop should **not** have this mentality. What the fuck.
What words did I put in his mouth? He literally said that our rights were "god given", and incorrectly said that that is what "inalienable" means, and then he said that people may need to make use of the 2nd amendment to defend those rights. That's exactly what I claimed he said.
How the hell is Pennsylvania so close? How dare they forget their favorite son, Scranton Joe.
They aren't charged with murder
Nowhere did I say "we're cool", I'm literally just pointing out that the things you're saying didn't actually happen.
&gt; give the nomination too The entitlement here is astounding. Biden was "given" the nomination through more people voting for him.
&gt; talk about fucking entitlement. I don't need to, your comment is dripping in it. Looking at candidates dropping out when they have no chance at the nomination or ex-candidates endorsing the remaining candidate that most closely agrees with their views isn't some kind of conspiracy. If Bernie couldn't ever get more than 35% of the Democratic electorate to agree with him (including the many open primaries where Bernie's supposed core of independent voters could have shown up for him but didn't) why would you put the blame on anyone but him as a candidate?
What evidence? You've provided no evidence. The fact that candidates dropped out isn't evidence of anything unless you have binders on
I feel like [we had that already](https://s.abcnews.com/images/Politics/sean-spicer-rtr-jc-170721_16x9_992.jpg)
&gt;Black Lives Matter don’t want that. They want special treatment for being born black. I want to get where I am because of my hard work. Not because I had to be hired to hit a “black” quota. Well this is just total bullshit. I'd suggest doing some research on the history of things like affirmative action and why it is necessary. Hint: it's not to put black people above white people. &gt;This proves treat people with respect you’ll get the same back. Breonna Taylor was asleep when she was murdered. This is just such an insane statement. It's just obviously not "proven". And even if it was, I doubt you think that being disrespectful to police deserves a death sentence, and yet that is what so many black men and women receive for the crime of not being "respectful" (or as it's said among some circles, "uppity")
Most of those are significant others and literally none of them are family members.
&gt;You’re flipping from one extreme to the other. It’s either this guy is a devil, or he’s an absolute angel. There’s a bit more nuance here. Yes, that's literally my point. Hence the last line of my comment. I was showing you the extreme in your argument. &gt;So it’s not outrageous at all to assume something crazy might happen. Again, you could make that assumption for any arrest, thereby warranting lethal force. How do you not see how ridiculous that is? &gt; &gt;But you’re presenting it as if they went in guns blazing without even talking to the guy. As if they just looked at a sleeping man with binoculars from a mile away and just called in a drone strike all willy nilly. That’s how you’re presenting this. In what way am I doing that? &gt;And you’re sitting here in the comfort of your home armchair quarterbacking pretending like this was nothing. No I'm not. I thought you said there was nuance here? There's a wide range from "nothing" to "we need to kill this man". &gt;It was many things, but “nothing” it was not. I agree, so don't put "nothing" in quotes to pretend that I said it. That's called lying. &gt;This situation was solidly devolving into the crazy-shit end of things. And if you think it was unlikely to have gotten worse, then you’re delusional or otherwise completely unaware of what cops deal with on a daily basis. Cop PTSD is not a valid reason for murder. If they can't deal with the situation in front of them instead of imaging a bunch of reasons why it's ok to kill someone then they shouldn't be cops.
No I'm not. You listed out several things, each of which is totally capable for *anyone* to do at any time. And there are examples of random people doing each of those things randomly. My *point* is that your fear of those things happening doesn't mean it's reasonable to kill someone, or else you'd be shooting a lot more people. You responded to a discussion explaining why what he has done was not worthy of lethal response with "but they could have gone and done these other things", correct? But now you're back to "but the things he did do are why". If you want to argue that then go back and reread the original comment to see why you're wrong. If you want to instead go with your original response and point to the things he "could" have done, then you have to actually address my point that those things you listed aren't only possible for a drunk person running away.
&gt;You minimizing it as some casual thing that anyone could do at any moment is compete BS. What kind of life are you living where you think the average person is going to fight and defeat two cops and steal their weapon? **Again**, I'm not saying "will", *you* are saying "could". Look at your list of things you said he "could" do and tell me which one is impossible for a random person on the street to do. &gt; &gt;You’re being incredibly disingenuous if you think this was an average case and these cops overreacted because of “cop ptsd” *You* are the one saying that these cops see all this crazy stuff and therefore react in the way they did. And nowhere did I say "average", just like I never said "nothing", but you seem insistent on putting words in my mouth and making up shit I didn't say. Why is that?
This shit is weird https://twitter.com/heathercore/status/1273648938105569282
&gt;I dunno, brudda, I'm just saying we should build a wall to keep those filthy Al Bheds out. ~~-Trump~~ -Wakka
I'm in this video and I don't like it.
Is that why Trump thinks Argentina should be part of America?
[30% of Americans own a gun](https://www.pewsocialtrends.org/2017/06/22/the-demographics-of-gun-ownership/). It **is** very likely that someone they pull over would have a gun.
Only in the persecution-complex addled minds of republicans.
&gt; Except when exhibited by comments like the one this thread started with. You mean the one that was downvoted and removed? *That* is your evidence of "violence against whites / repubs is encouraged here"?
Waiting on my stillsuit.
&gt;Defendant Bolton has gambled with the national security of the United States. He has exposed his country to harm and himself to civil (and potentially criminal) liability
&gt;No, those belong in cemeteries or museums. They don't even belong there, since they aren't relics of the civil war but just propaganda bullshit erected a century later.
It's always amazing how easily they will cheer things they ostensibly are totally against.
&gt;Air Force Ones are like wives, can't let em get past 31 years old
Do idiots actually believe this is how negotiation works?
"and it's true", he adds on after spewing a string of complete and total lies.
&gt; Right now trump is trying to define joe Biden before joe Biden has really defined himself lol Incorrect
He forgot that *he* doesn't wand wind.
No, but he said Democrats want post-birth executions, so you know he's keyed in to the needs of the people!
Joe Biden. Easy.
I was responding to your claim that he wasn't credible. The fact that his account is corroborated by everyone else's accounts raises the credibility of his account.
\*literary
&gt;yes lets look at the soviet union after the reintroduction of capitalism. an utter mess And you think that has nothing to do with the framework of state-backed oppression carried over from the Soviet Union? Literally the guy installing himself as dictator for life is an ex-KGB agent. &gt;tsarist russia was capitalist, socialism improved the situation. can we agree on this? You are confusing "Situation was bad, X happened, situation was better" with "X *caused* situation to improve".
Not for long with that attitude buddy
You were the one that brought up the deep state tho?
So banning religion. Yeah, like I said, nobody is going to advocate for that here, you had to have known that already.
&gt; which we all know is not free or protected speech and is considered an active threat; This is completely incorrect. The actual test is "**imminent** lawless action". A tweet saying we should pull down blue lives matter flags in no way meets that criteria. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-virginia-protests-speech-factbox-idUSKCN1AU2E0 &gt;In the Brandenburg case, the Supreme Court said speech loses First Amendment protection if it calls for and is likely to lead to “imminent lawless action.” &gt;The operative word is “imminent.” Following Brandenburg, the high court clarified that vague threats of violence were protected by the First Amendment.
&gt;Why are all democrat run cities and states shit holes with high crime, poverty and unemployment? Not actually true. &gt;Why did the Democrats pass laws as recently as the 90s targeting blacks as super predators? What law mentions "super predators"? &gt;Get out of here. Neither party has a leg to stand on. One party actually wants to make government work, the other admits that they don't.
Nah, no way he beats Ozai with the type of avatar state he had in season 1. All brute force and no control. It was all his training that allowed him to reach the fully realized avatar state that could beat someone like Ozai.
&gt;It's irrelevant. The Avatar State had overwhelming power And yet Azula was able to defeat it with a single lightning blast. &gt;There's also no evidence that Aang has gained anything more than marginal control over the Avatar state or that he was any more powerful than before regardless There's an entire arc about him gaining control over it. Having the power is not the same as being able to wield that power.
Saying it again doesn't make it true, sorry
Why would you need all 12 if it was a state court?
&gt; If the first thing that comes up when you search for his professional name is a New York Times article about his blog then it's hard for him to carry on with his career. That is his claim, but I don't really see how that is true.
&gt; I gotta say I’m a little surprised that just saying “maybe we shouldn’t blindly trust Republican ratfuckers just because they are ratfucking themselves at the moment” would be such a controversial stance to take. It's not, that's the point. No one is "blindly trusting" them, so your comments are just patronizing people for believing something they don't believe.
&gt; She is getting mobbed by a man with a camera How can one person "mob" someone?
Primary votes a) are also run by the state and follow the laws and regulations set in place for normal elections b) often include non-primary votes like local positions and measures c) **still are votes that we shouldn't accept people being disenfranchised to make**
That didn't work for a hundred years, yet all of them are suddenly coming down now. Why not do what actually works?
Weird, who said that thing you put in "quotes"? I mean, I certainly didnt, so it's interesting that you just randomly pulled someone's quote into this comment.
I don't know what did happen, but what is about to happen will be horrible. Recounts, accusations of stolen elections, Trump doing Trump things.
Wtf is this reality
/genitals they put near their genitals
A victim talking about their abuser is not "leaking shit to the public".
&gt; On their own website, when you look where your donations are spent, majority of their money would go to the democratic party Can you link to that part of their website?
If you hear "Black Lives Matter" and add on "Only" to the beginning yourself, that's a problem with how you see the world, not a problem with BLM.
All of this "hypocrisy" is based on the bullshit assumption that someone saying "Black Lives Matter" is somehow saying "**Only** Black Lives Matter". They're not.
Where is this a problem? I'm pretty sure white people have murdered more Muslim refugees than the other way around.
I'm sorry, were you under the impression anyone was talking about the specific BlackLivesMatter organization and comparing that to some AllLivesMatter organization? It's more than one org.
&gt; Muslim pedophile rape gangs targeting white children Ah yes, definitely a real thing and not right-wing fearmongering. Totally.
He's done a terrible job, he has done more to fill the swamp with his toadies and active corruption than any other president, and the boat is filled with people he has since fired/quit, many of whom have actively come out against him.
So he was a tech bro. Could have guessed
I'd think the non-amendment path would be to redefine the federal district as a super small area and the rest of D.C. would be what becomes the state.
In the middle of a global pandemic? It's literally risking your life. Even in normal times, especially when election day isn't a day off work almost anywhere, it can be hard for working class/low income people to dedicate hours of time to voting, assuming Republicans haven't shut down your polling station because you live in a black-majority county. Bullshit the country isn't ready for it, we could be very easily if we put in the effort. You post crap like this when in reality it shows that **mail in voting works**. The potentially fraudulent votes were caught by the systems in place to catch them. No study on mail in ballots have ever been able to find more than a handful of fraudulent votes.
"allegation", singular, and it's been dropped by everyone who looked into it.
Why would it be the responsibility of an employer to facilitate their employee's "redemption/rehabilitation"? I hope MadCat does get redemption/rehabilitation some time in the future, but it's not fair to the Yogscast to expect them to put up with him until he does.
If only *those people* wouldn't move in to your superior neighborhood and ruin it.
The head tilt was the physical embodiment of "I am not listening to you I'm waiting for my turn to repeat myself"
Fuck PPB and fuck Ted Wheeler
Should the [NAACP also denounce?](http://www.africanamericanreports.com/2016/08/naacp-on-passing-of-sen-byrd-champion.html?m=1)
This can only be the work of the Dark Gundam... **KYOSHIIIIIIIIIIII**
He probably made one of those shitty feathered ones though
How can old people get there if they can't drive? How are you missing the point this completely? There are obstacles in the way of voting, those obstacles should be removed, but that doesn't explain why young people didn't vote enough to give Bernie the win.
Looks pretty good actually. I recommend his I impassioned speech about US support for apartheid South Africa
Hey I've seen this one! It's a classic!
Bitching about "marxists" instead of actually addressing the issue isn't really being "on their side" though.
If you can only see you being left out of an online discussion as oppression without giving a shit about why that is happening then it's just selfish, not actually caring about discrimination.
The fact that "US troops are getting headhunted on behalf of Russia and Trump isn't doing anything about it" didn't leak from the intelligence community for **2 months** is yet more proof that this "deep state is against Trump" conspiracy is bullshit. (Not that it needed more proof)
Why did you call it a 3rd degree burn!? The only reason you'd do that would be to say some burns are ok and other burns aren't
They literally just re-upped that platform this year, don't pretend it's ancient history.
You're literally just trying (unsuccessfully) to play semantics. What exactly do you think the difference is when people say "levels of racism" and "severity of racism"? They mean the same thing.
