Honestly. It could be as simple as the guy negotiating a higher starting salary and asking for more frequent raises. Things studies show men do more frequently.
Make the same amount and have to work less hours? Sign me up.
So because you had to suffer everybody in the future going forward needs to as well? What a shitty state of mind to hold.
So the blame really needs to be on the people hoarding money at the top and not the poor people scraping by then.
They're upvoting it because your sarcasm wasn't exactly subtle. Youre not that clever.
Ok but that is gross. If somebody uses my toothbrush without asking that is now their toothbrush and they're buying me a new one.
So if your SO decided to scratch her butthole with your toothbrush you'd just keep using it? I mean you eat ass anyways so what's the difference.
For what they got paid and how they were treated I wouldn't give a fuck about doing a good job either.
I mean that few million isn't in a hole somewhere. You can sell the business. 250K net profit is really not bad at all.
He was a member of parliament for like 8 years before running for prime minister. What crack are you smoking.
Where in Canada are they only making 40 thousand a year max? They start at that in my province and cap out around 90 thousand by the end of their career. Google is telling me the average is 95 thousand at the highest near the end of their career after teaching for 30 years. It says the average is 60 thousand with 95 thousand being at the high end. They're not rolling in cash laughing but they're far from broke.
Henry Ford was an outlier for his time. You're right, domestic Canadians wouldn't work for those wages, it's a good thing they can just ship in TFW's who will work for slave wages.
I don't hate them, I just have a general lack of respect for them.
Cause they let him. And all the people living there were evacuated.
Really though. My coworker at my last job busted his ass, came in when called and overall did a bunch of shit for them most stuff weren't trained on but he was also not very charismatic. Me on the other hand was lazy as shit but I was chummy with the boss. Guess where the raises and promotions went. Ok don't get me wrong while I was lazy I knew my shit and could run the hell out of a rush but other than that I did Jack all.
Since when is the US the entire free world? You're not even close to the most free in the west. I get diarrhea whenever somebody refers to America as the leader of the free world. Bullshit self given title.
Yeah it baffles me people think this is real. People really need to work on their critical thinking skills.
And you actually think this is real.
Ok and if I am? I shave my junk clean but to state the preference yourself people just shit right down your throat. Nobody gives a fuck when somebody prefers their partner shave their face every day or two but god forbid they preger a trim down below before sucking on them.
People are just going to think theirs something wrong with you.
You can pinch the tail me out when you eat the rest of it. Squeeze it likes it's a tube.
Technically. In reality they just cut all of your shifts if you make them make up the difference on those days.
Id be ok with prices going up to pay the staff more if we did away with tipping.
This is a big pet peeve of mine. They bring you a massive pile of food that is meant to be dipped and then bring you less than an ounce of dip. Like c'mon we both know that's not enough.
Seriously. If you can't make it by with plenty in savings off 200k a year you're trying to live wealthy when you're only upper middle class.
Canada.
https://www.transparency.org/news/feature/corruption_perceptions_index_2016#table The first search puts America in 18th place behind most of the developed world. If you really wanna compare yourself to China and Russia to make yourselves look better be my guest but having to compare yourselves to places known for their rampant in your face corruption to make yourselves look less corrupt doesn't look great. I mean seriously, America legalized political bribery.
Can you disprove I that I can do real magic? Im a wizard. Prove me wrong.
No I just used a basement as my sunscreen.
It's the same in Canada. I dont think this person has any idea about the politics in the rest of the colonies.
Not to mention the EU as a military force is hardly weak and feable. Telling the American population their insane military budget is to protect the entire world is some convenient propaganda told to their population so they don't have to tell the truth that it's really to protect self interests and project power over countries that don't bend over.
If were gonna give male genital mutilation a nicer sounder word can we start referring to the female option as cosmetic labia trimming?
You'd have a point if they weren't expanding settlements. You don't get to claim they only want to keep their land when they keep stealing land. If they weren't doing so I'd stand fully behind Israel but instead they're acting like people who deep down support a good old genocide.
So can you tell me who works these jobs if everybody follows your advice and go to get a better job from the job store? Somebody has to work the bottom of the barrel jobs and they deserve to be able to live without welfare.
And then the regular minimum wage increase happens 3 months later and you're back to making the bare minimum rather than 10 cents over minimum. Whoop-de-fucking-do
I'd love to see a source on that from somewhere that's not The Sun.
Trying to bring the free market into very necessary healthcare. Americans.
The companies pay taxes and those taxes go to social services to feed the hungry.
Taxes are paid and agencies feed the hungry through programs and welfare you dumb fuck. He's advocating doing the same for healthcare. America should join the rest of the developed world and provide things you'd expect a rich and developed nation to do. As the years pass though I'm growing more and more likely to refer to America as a developing nation.
Damn. Maybe Tim Hortons needs to raise prices if they need to underpay staff just to stay afloat. The government shouldnt be subsidizing the company by paying welfare to its employees. If you can't pay your staff and stay afloat you have a poor business model and deserve to go under.
18 is the drinking age where I'm from. Also 21 as the age of consent is hilarious. But seriously, if 21 was the age of consent I and most people I know would legally be rapists. How about we just make age of consent the average age woman hit menopause. Then we can really we sure. Gotta make it illegal to have sex with a woman during any of her reproductive years.
Either you're trolling or suffer from a learning disability. Maybe you're 13, who knows.
Put one leg on the seat. It's not hard.
No I understand why it's happening. It's just annoying. Especially as a non-american.
No the concussive force from that would have turned his brain to jelly. He didn't feel a damn thing.
Can you show me the stats that the more guns a society has the safer it is? Cause all the shitholes i can think of are full of guns, including America.
It is. A few of my younger friends go to a uni in a conservative part of the country and and the cities university cafeteria is called "diversity" and the schools Wi-Fi password is "make a difference 2018". I'm a pretty liberal guy but sometimes I just wanna vomit.
Nah Trump is just a little bitch. He'd have beyond zero issue with people getting rowdy in support of him in England.
I'm an electrician and you can't get it without your highschool or at least a GED. It's not a 100% indicator of a person intelligence but the majority of people I know without a highschool diploma or equivalent are bloody idiots.
I mean once you get to the waiting room and they triage you as not a risk of death it can be 2-3 hours before they're giving you treatment and a cast. I've spent more of my life in emergency room waiting rooms than I'd like to admit.
Sorry but "he selfishly looks out for America's interests" is not a complement, it's not even true.
Is Trump threatening the rest of the developed world with war? Oh, he's not? Looks like the size of your military is super irrelevant and the rest of the first world is about to give America an economic spanking. Starting a trade war with the entire first world and pissing off all your allies is so insanely stupid it's gonna make me giddy wanting this go super poorly for America.
Half the people who voted did so for Trump. So no, the issue is not "just Trump". America is an unwell country.
When you say white bear do you mean polar bear?
My hair started turning white early on and I had a sprained ankle.
If you had even opened the article posted you'd have read right at the very top that this was written by a Canadian.
Maybe if you're from a developing nation America would be an upgrade for the average person but unless I had a job offer making shit tons of money would I ever move to America. The place is sort of a dump as far as the first world is concerned.
I wonder how many Canadians play on the American teams that won....
Projecting? My country has sensible gun laws. We already decided long ago we value lives over free access to murder tools.
Holy fuck why do people drink so much milk. That's insane. My milk always goes bad on me before I'm done it.
You have a point with China, but why did he tarrif basically the rest of the world's steel as well if they don't subsidize?
46% of your country voted for him. That's more than enough stupid Americans to support him and tweet about it.
BotH pARtiEs aRe EXaCtlY thE sAmE!
I mean basically half the voting population voted for him and he has am 89% approval rating from his party who happens to also control all branches of the government. Trump will pass but America's problem that led to him will still be there and we don't have anything close to a guarantee you won't elect another unstable moron. 2 of your 3 last presidents have been total idiots wreaking havoc, those aren't great odds.
Who knows. That was like the third reason he's come up with so it's impossible to tell what his real motivation is.
The conservatives and the NDP looked embarassing that day. Trudeau was the only justified person involved in that.
You're delusional if you cant see he's an attractive man.
Plenty of opinions that aren't anywhere close to deserving any sort of respect. People with defendable opinions don't need the defence that literally every opinion deserves respect.
Lol when did invade, destabilize and bomb become help? In that case I never want America to come even close to helping us.
Ah so they're only allowed to march if they hide who they are? Almost being told to go stand in the closet?
That's funny you forgot to mention alienating literally all of America's allies. Doesn't sound so great when use context.
So America can wipe out our dairy industry and we become entirely reliant on an unreliable temperamental America for all those staple foods? No thanks.
I'm sorry your government is such a tyrannical piece of shit. Sometimes I forget how privileged I am to be born in a developed first world nation.
I mean at this point, yes, unironically.
So what you're telling us is you jerked off and came to.
No. He got 46% of people who voted and his national approval rating sits at 44%. Meaning 44% of your country supports him. You cant pretend this is an isolated group of people.
Enjoy regressing into a developing shithole of a nation while the rest of the developed world moves forward. America is such a fucking dump of a country.
Not only did Harper not touch abortion, when he had a few conservative mp's say stuff about it he shut that shit down hard. He knew what political suicide touching abortion would be while America seems to still be debating equal rights.
Yeah I just meant we wouldn't need any outside help or materials if we decided we wanted some good old penile compensation.
It would honestly be easier to make a list of the things he hasn't done to piss off America's allies and trade partners. America wasn't even this big of a joke under GWB and the world was laughing then.
Nah the ones who don't vote arento blame for him as well. But considering his approval rating is now at 44% I'd say lots of those who didn't vote would have voted for him. It's beyond the point America can claim this is just a small minority of idiots.
Lol no the 46% of the country who support Trump and are functionally retarded aren't going anywhere. They elected Bush twice, Donald Trump one so far, they've got more in store.
Wall street doing well and being happy doesn't mean the average American benefits. It means the rich benefit.
That and American dairy standards aren't up to par with Canada's. If he wants us to let in American dairy he needs to stop America's dairy subsidies and raise industry standards on the product produces. Somehow I don't think he has any plans for that and instead expects Canada to allow a subpar product to completely destroy their local dairy production making us 100% reliant on America for a staple good that he can then threaten to withdraw unless we suck his cheeto sized dick.
Cause fuck reproducing. You don't need babies.
If not wanting to raise a severely handicapped child that will never be independent of me makes me a Nazi then we've set the bar real low.
If the government is gonna force me to give birth to a heavily disabled child then the government can raise it for me cause I won't be.
When you need to compare it to the third world to make it sound great it doesn't sound that great.
Oh my best friends little sister was severely handicapped and can't even take herself to the bathroom. I've seen first hand what her quality of life is like. I consider aborting a child like that during early development to be a bloody act of mercy. In my opinion making the choice to bring something into the world knowing their quality of life will be shit is selfish.
Yeah I just don't put voting and owning a weapon on the same level of rights that need protecting.
You people have said this every step of the way and its continued moving forward. I wonder where you'll move the goalposts once it's done. And what about Trudeau's recent actions towards America leads you anywhere close to the conclusion that he'll bend to America's will?
Eh, guy was in their family home where his kids are and likely family photos on the wall and his shoes and clothes around. I usually would agree with you but there's a less than 0% chance this guy was unaware she had a husband.
No he got dragged there at the age of 11 by his shitbag parents. He didn't have much say in the matter..since he was a child.
I'm not saying she needs to lose weight but your logic is faulty.
The queen isn't an elected official and what she did wasnt nearly as disrespectful. Doing what Trump did with his current relations with his allies is just insulting.
This just in. Throwing joking banter at your uncle is different than between 2 heads of state who are not currently on good terms. It's like jokingly telling my best friend he's a fucking chode but to do that with somebody I'm not on good terms with is an entirely different thing.
You're totally rights, let's rip people's children from them if they are caught J-walking.
Cause america borders them and happens to be a bit less shitty. Another country being an even bigger dump doesn't make America not a shithole.
Oh that and people from the rest of the developed world are here who don't run their country like a bunch of retards.
The fact is that Europe doesn't need America anymore like it did during and right after world war 2 when the USSR was a real threat so America can no longer pull the same level bullshit that they used to get away with. This isn't 70 years ago.
Show me some examples of Obama doing similar things in similar situations with heads of state he's not on good terms with. But you cant, because Obama didn't do juvenile shit like that on the world stage. Its impossible to say how people would have reacted to Obama doing that shit when Obama had enough tact to not do it to begin with.
Ah so absolutely no pictures of her smiling in the situation we are all clearly discussing.
You manage to spend that little on transportation, alcohol and cover? Unless you're essentially sober for the night I'm not sure how you're pulling this off.
Bar and club are used interchangeably in my country. We refer to the places you can sit at a table and actually talk as pubs.
The difference is we have an evolved relationship with dogs we don't have with other animals. There's a level of trust on the part of the dog that makes it feel dirty to eat it. I agree we should significantly lower the amount of meat we eat in general but humans relationship with dogs in not the same as it is with other food sources.
I mean it won't be against the law to have 20 pounds of pot in your home. You just cant walk around with more than 30 grams on you. I'm not even sure what the fuck you'd need more than 30 in one instance for. Even when I was smoking every single day that would last me a month. An alcoholic could go through 30 12 packs in a month but you're not likely to have many people inconvenienced by only allowing a person to carry 30 12 packs in public at once.
You joke but I wouldn't trade by health for the 3500 this guys is stating. He's gonna pay long term for those poor decisions and shorten his lifespan...for 3500 a year. He sounds like an idiot.
That 20 bucks a week they spend on subs is bloody nothing in comparison to what you save not having to fully support yourself. I could change literally nothing about my spending habits and put away bank if I suddenly didn't need to support my entire life.
So you managed to pick that one issue and ignore literally all the rest? Fantastic argument.
I concede, you're 100% right. We are going to need brace leaders in the coming wars we will wage against dogs where we need our heads of state to go fight on the front lines. Super duper valid reason not to vote for a person.
This is what angers me the most. Americans fucking up their own land with their stupid bullshit is one thing but they're also fucking up Canada's side of the great leaks. Fuck Trump's America.
The first book published on how to speak a sign language was published in 1620 and I'm assuming people were using sign language before that. Humans were that dumb for all of history, if a member of your close community was dead you'd find rudimentary way to communicate.
So are you just a master at reading lips?
Oh look, dodging the question a second time.
Yeah but drunk shitposting on reddit is a fantastic time.
Is Brazil just full of more girls with bad boob jobs than not?
I mean defending inhumane treatment of children by saying America actually tortures people and what they're doing to the kids isn't even that bad doesn't make you guys sound that great.
All trashy people are still people, doesn't make them not trashy.
He meant indigenous but I think you already knew that.
Theres nothing unclean about pork unless you lived before the days of refrigeration.
Statistically that's because you're exposed to people you know in a one on one private way much more often. Start hopping into strangers vehicles when shitfaced every weekend and those numbers will change.
Most guys want minimal makeup. I like makeup on a girl but not when I can visibly see each thing.
Teachers get paid quite well in my country cause they have a strong union. We have an oversaturation of teachers as well so it's somewhat harder to get a position but they are paid well. Maybe things like what we pay the people that teach the next generation shouldn't be left to natural market forces, no?
You mean the video that clearly shows the old man not harassing the woman? Sure it was creepy as shit but you have no idea what harassment is if you think this fits.
He's normally pretty soft but he's been anything but soft in his dealings with Trump.
Conveniently leaving out that America heavily subsidizes these things making it anything other than free market open trade.
Lol you'd have a point if America hadn't also started trade wars with the entire EU and China and several other countries who are all retaliating back. When you take into account the countries imposing tariffs along with canada America is both outnumbered and outgunned when it comes to economic power. Again, if this was only canada youd have a point, but as it is it's America versus everybody else.
Increase defense spending to protect themselves from who exactly? Russia? Even without increasing spending the EU would smack down Russia if they started invading. Russia is a former shell of the USSR and would never be stupid enough to wage war against the entire EU. Fuckin hell man, I'm sorry, its gotta be tough going through life being this stupid.
Imagine sucking in the propaganda this bloody hard.
I had a disabled person become aggressive with me in highschool, at no point did it cross my mind to assault them.
Would like to see proof hes not blind and skates to school. Claiming something doesnt make it true.
I mean they keep happening and literally absolutely nothing is ever done to help prevent them so is it really outlandish that other countries assume America is at least relatively indifferent to their massacres?
No, I dont particularly fear being shot where I live.
Nah man he just came in and started shooting at them. It all worked out in the end but this was handled quite poorly. Guy was trigger happy and firing at shit he didn't even have line of site on.
When I was a child I only took 20 minutes cause I knew she called me well before dinner was ready.
And youre definitely a dickhead.
Don't lie to us, you were a moron beforehand as well.
You post in the donald, that claim didnt need to be said out loud.
Probably the same parent who raised the little monstrosity.
136 pounds is right in manlet territory.
Sounds like youre one of the people that will receive more from the rebate than the tax cost them. If youre telling the truth this will be the opposite of a tax for you. And thats the point. Its only a tax if you pollute like a motherfucker, in which case its just you paying your fair share in the long term costs of cleaning it up eventually.
Name a single one that had the consensus of the entire scientific community. Hopefully we will still have time to fix things once decrepit old fucks like you die off.
And yet you still havnt coveyed a single iota of useful information to make him less ignorant on the matter. Instead you just went on weird rant that just screams im old and out of touch. Its amusing you accuse somebody of being a child while behaving like one yourself.
Thats the average. They start out less but increasingly get paid more and more. One of my highschool teachers was 50 and making over 90k a year. I dont think our teachers are underpaid in any capacity in Canada.
So I see you havnt opened a book since you dropped out of school in grade 8 to work your families farm in 1940. Edit: lol downvote instead of providing a single source to your claim climate scientists dont think this is some global society ending shit we have coming. Just one solid source will do. But if you had that youd have provided it already.
They already do.
Thats nice to know, thanks for the info. With my current method I almost have my credit rating up at 800 along with paying student loans but if I can improve that by waiting to do it once a month then I'll look into it.
I was floored when I discovered it and they wouldnt allow me to return it because it had been opened and the product technically worked. Not my problem, for now on all my media is straight up free. Jokes on them.
Honestly, no guy who can easily make a girl cum goes online to brag about it and loses his shit when called. Im betting he grunted and pumped away for 2 minutes before prematurely busting a nut and declaring she came due to his own ego.
Along with every person hes appointed and government decision made. Reset it to the beginning of his presidency and hold another election.
Do you? Its clear Trump and the Republicans are criminals and the republicans didnt get fucked out in the midterms any more than the usual swing. I hate to say it but after America swings to the left after Trump itll be 8 years at the mpst before you all collectively become brain damaged again.
He asked if I had to choose between a normal cup of coffee and one that had my face on it how could I not choose the one with the face on it. So I said id easily choose the normal cup because it wouldnt cost me an absurd amount of money just for some coffee. Apparently this upset people, im assuming people who like to combine coffee and photos.
The middle east would like a word with you.
Thick and curvy didnt start that way but like every other word that describes a woman with ass and tits fat people took it and ruined it.
So because a guy is turned off my promiscuity you jump straight to accusing them of having a tiny penis and being unable to pleasure a woman? Ok
My girlfriend is insane in bed and has only had 3 partners in her life. When did we start equating enjoying sex with fucking half the town?
Weve known about these things for a very long time and you havnt dealt with those things yet. Thats not our fault youve left every single thing for the last possible moment.
I work in the trades so dont speak to me as if I come from a point of ignorance. If you require a machine that pollutesna fuck ton to do your job you need to pay for the consequences of said pollution instead of bucking the bill to your children and grandchildren like other generations did. Im not sorry you may have to actually pay the true cost of polluting.
On the upside, the TPP is much more attractive for the rest of us now that Americas bullshit has been withdrawn from it.
2015 was the first time they had a peaceful transition of power to an opposition party after an election. Im not sure I call that stable enough yet. They still have a Boko Harram presence. I 100% think artifacts should be given back to countries once they have a proven track record of being stable and safe.
Why they were taken a long time ago shouldnt have a bearing on keeping them safe and in a stable place currently.
Yes, Nigeria only had their first peaceful transition of power to an opposition party in 2015 and still have a Boko Harram presence. Im all about giving back historical artifacts once they have proven to be stable and safe. I consider preserving the history of our species in a safe and stable place to be above some temporarily hurt feelings.
So people equal inanimate objects to you?
You had to dig back to the 40s to find a time those artifacts were at risk in England, how far back do we have to go to find a time of risk in Nigeria? Right about now I think.
Nothing about coups, revolutions and very young democracies in an area still not fully stable indicates they can be trusted with keeping ancient artifacts cared for. Once Nigeria is safe and stable they should be given back, not before then.
Greece is pretty fucking stable in comparison to Nigeria. Thats the difference.
"I live in a bad neighborhood and havnt had my house broken into yet, guess I dont need to bother with locks". Those artifacts are the heritage and history of the entire human race, it will be kept safe until it is safe to keep it at home. Id rather not risk invaluable historical artifacts for our species over some feelings.
Our we not one single species? This is the history of our species, its stupid to store it in a dangerous place due to nothing but it being created there originally. I want these objects kept safe for future generation to see and study.
Wait you cant do that in America? I know in Canada you can write no junk mail on your mailbox and have only real letters put in.
When the law is complicated and requires expensive professional help to navigate that essentially makes it laws just for the rich. It doesnt need to say rich people only for these laws but when it takes money to navigate them its the same shit.
His eyes are saucered, hes on something.
If you look at the big 3 coverage map Alberta is pretty much the only province that gets more rural coverage. The other provinces are laughable.
You only end up saving like 10 dollars a month bringing your own phone.
However you gotta justify putting people into concentration camps based on nothing but their skin colour. Jesus dude.
No, the single biggest risk to the continuation of our species is getting much worse and we seem to still be headed straight for it without giving a fuck. The fact is during our lifetimes there is a real chance we start to see the beginning of the collapse.
It being in American dollars has no bearing on how that person writes out numbers.
You really should intellectually feel bad about the oral diarrhea you just spewed.
The only real opposition to Trudeau was Harper and the country was sick of his bullshit. I think it was less that they voted for him due to his name and more that he was the only real opposition to a sack of shit.
If we break the deal we pay them billions in fines and they turn around and use it to buy weapons along with the shit weve already sent them they havnt paid for. No matter what were contributing to the genocide.
Most of their illegal guns flow from America, who also has a massive gun problem.
I mean to be fair America did completely thrash south America for a good while there. And I know Mexico isnt in South America but the actions were the same.
Thats what tariffs are for and why Canada has tarriffs on American dairy.
Im not sure claiming to not know Saudi Arabia was gonna do fucked up shit iz a valid defense. Of course they would use the military equipments to hurt people.
Or they could save it and have it for the next recession. Your government having more money coming in than they need to just run things isnt a bad thing.
So youre just retarded and have no idea that recessions are guaranteed to happen and having tax reserves for stimulas packages and other spending while income tax revenue is lower due to the recession is a solid plan. If you cant see that im not sure youre smart enough to even have it explained to you.
Im a man and ive been mugged several times and asked what I was doing when it happened. My cousin got stabbed in a mugging and was told he could have avoided it if smart. Both of us are men. Despite how badly people want this to be a gendered issue, its not. Would you try this hard to rationalize a white man avoiding being alone with a black man?
I have literally never heard of a man being offended by being called male, heard plenty of cases of woman getting angry over being called female.
You dont see men getting salty about the word male. What does make me take a person less seriously as a human being is them getting actually upset over the words male and female. Get your shit together.
If your guys is the type to fuck it up on purpose due to lack of tip he deserves zero tips and is clearly a shit artist.
I do tip, never said I wouldnt. I just zaid your tattoo guy is the type to fuck up your tattoo on purpose because you didnt tip he doesnt deserve tips. I bartend, I don't fuck with peoples drinks if they arent tipping.
Yo man no need to project so hard.
Same with alcohol but we allow Bacardi 151 to be sold but instead of feeling shitty for a few hours you die. This is just more bullshit hypocrisy.
Ok then make all edibles taste like black licorice.
Jello shots are 10%. Watch a kid down 30 of those if left alone. Sour puss tastes good enough and its 20%. The government lacks any and all consistency. You know shits stupid when they treat a substance you cant od on with more strict rules than a substance that kills literally all the time.
Oh look, another conservative who wishes wed just bend over so the US can ram its cock in our ass without lube.
Accents from that far south in Ontario are going to be naturally quite close to the surrounding states.
Alcohol can kill a child, pot cannot, any amount of nice tasting alcohol is too risky when you think of the children. It all needs to taste like shit.
And thats just the legal stuff, the black market is still thriving.
Youre still the one arguing white people settled an African country before black people were there.
Lol we wont win a trade war with China.
Legit Canadian Trump supporters exist. Theyre far from common but fucking idiots exist everywhere.
If you took half a second to look yourself youd know theres plenty out there on it already.
Just because the republican base is delusional doesnt make them correct.
Lets not blame foreign governments for the dumpster fire that is modern day America. America did that all on its own.
This is hilarious. Im super shocked somebody who frequently posts in the Donald is here saying some real stupid shit.
Plus it has the added benefit of stimulating the downturned economy by all the jobs created by the infrastructure construction.
Your source is chinadailyhk? Totally not biased at all. Give me a reputable source that isnt Chinese. That and brainwashed public trust doesnt mean your government isnt total trash.
Yes but how would she escape? Shes 100% being watched and the only country we border is the country thats after her. Its not as if shes a nobody trying to not be noticed by local police.
Look it up, the US is still the worlds largest economy. China will eventually overtake them but for now China is still second place.
They want our own Trump and love what hes doing for America. We dont have nearly as many as those idiots as America but they exist in small numbers, they're Maxime Bernier supporters here.
Ideally America would view the EU as their ally against these people but current America seems inable of being allies with actual moral countries.
And they manage to provide that much more for its citizens than America does? How embarrassing.
Why does this sub have so many issues separating being slutty with being an absolute shit human being. You can be slutty and not a horrible person at the same time.
You did it later then everybody else and had to fight a civil war to do what others did willingly. That and when you abolished it you left a little asterisk saying forced labour (slavery) is chill if its just a dirty prisoner. The fact that America imprisons the highest percentage of its population out of every coumtry on the planet is no coincidence.
If you dont vote you really dont matter in these discussions since youre at least relatively ok with him if you cant even be arsed to vote even now.
If you dont vote your opinion doesnt matter. And if you couldnt be bothered to vote to stop him from being elected you were at least ok with him winning. Not sure why you assume everybody who didnt vote is automatically somebody who was against him.
27 and I learned about it multiple times in highschool in Canada.
Im not sure Americans are in a position to call other world leaders retards.
Yeah before I read the second range I laughed at the first. -20 C is the nice part of winter.
Would low wage earners making more and therefore spending that money at businesses require them to hire more? When I was making minimum other then rent and food I wasnt spending shit. Once I made more id spend on some entertainment as well but it wasnt until I made adult money that I had savings. Paying those people more just means they spend that instead of it going to the rich.
Homosexuality used to be illegal. Just because something is illegal doesnt make that right. This was a massive waste of time and money.
They did however decide to do all the dodgy shit they while they did it. Arresting him without viewing the drugs, slapping his phone away while he recorded and then trying to delete saod recording were all things they didnt have to do by law. Youd maybe have a point if they acted ethically and followed the law but instead they acted dirty and broke laws to try to frame a guy and make it look like they busted a small time pot dealer. Fucking scum, they belong in prison.
Plenty of non alcoholics also think youre a retard.
He said flower buds and literally provided that. Just because the cops assumed it was drugs and it was insinuated doesnt mean he didnt literally sell the guy what he said he would, which is flower buds.
He literally only called it flower bud and thats what he gave the guy. Never told him it was drugs, just flower bud.
Just because theyre idiots and arent aware of auto cloud storage doesnt mean they didnt try to delete the evidence. You can even see in the video them smash down his phone when hes clearly not resisting. If you are doing literally everything by the books you should welcome people filming you since it would only support you in court. You only smack down recording devices when you dont want what youre gonna do on video and brought forward as evidence. Cops forcing you to stop recording shouldnt be taken lightly.
Wed have to see the online convos to make that call, all we see is him saying flower buds when he brought exactly that.
Please watch the video. Where did he tell the cop he was selling him drugs and not flower buds? They then proceeded to smack down the recording device and try to delete it not knowing it went right to his cloud. Id love to see your proof though that he said hed sell them drugs and not flower buds cause I dont think you have any.
Where did he explicitly pretend it was drugs? He said he was selling him flower buds? Please point to where he told the gentleman he was selling drugs.
Is it illegal to sell the buds of legal flowers?
Ok so he shows up to a coke deal with coca cocla. Coke is slang for coca cola and cocaine. My point stands. Even worse, he says flower bud to the guy so not even slang for drugs.
Ok ill explain it you real slow and in big letters because you seem to be retarded. IF THE COPS DELETE EVIDENCE WITHOUT KNOWING THEY HAD A BACKUP THEY ARE STILL DESTROYING EVIDENCE WHILE NOT DESTROYING ALL THE EVIDENCE BECAUSE THEY ARE FUCKING IDIOTS JUST LIKE YOU. I never said they destroyed THE evidence, I said they destroyed THIS EVIDENCE but that they tried to destroy THE EVIDENCE. Try not to be so smug when youre this fucking dumb next time.
Do we even include America in the list of proper first world countries anymore?
No.
Objectively one side is clearly the far worse side though.
From who exactly? The EU is already more than equipped to easily handle Russias military and theyre the only thing resembling a minor threat.
Theyd hold on to him and release him back to America after forcing some concessions out of America.
You leave out the part where he proudly describes himself as a nationalist while keeping it beside his bed. If I'm reading a book I wouldnt say I keep it beside my bed, I do that if I read it very frequently. Religious people say they keep a bible beside their bed, people spending a few weeks reading a novel dont describe the book of the month as something they keep beside their bed.
Yeah that pretty much sums up the general populace, especially uneducated ones. Good thing the Republicans have spent decades supporting a robust and thorough education system......oh wait. They aggressively did the exact opposite.
He never argued that but its convenient for you to put words in his mouth for your own sake. Its creepy either way but everybody here stating the are like 14 are now just making shit up to make the guy seem even worse.
It wouldn't but its definitely creepier to take creep shots of a 14 year old versus a 26 year old. Edit: my apologies, didnt realize people saw no difference between ogling an adult and ogling a pubescent child.
My hangovers were worse when I was that young. I just make sure to eat before and after drinking now and avoid sugar in my drinks.
Money gets taxed when it changes ownership. Every single dollar has been taxed before so using your reasoning we should never ever tax money more than once so most taxes become null and void.
You can always request to have that expunged if you've behaved since then.
Out of 327 million people only a 3 million person difference is still frighteningly close.
That's my point. Before the person posted this it was just one old creepy guy jerking off to it. Now every creepy fuck on the internet is jerking off to it. Since you cant even see his face to shame him they should have called him out in person instead of posting this shit. They did just about the worst thing they could do.
Were just not including the US in that?
If that was the only damage he was inflicting that rest of the world could sit back and laugh. Unfortunately he attacks everybody else economies and is working to destabilize the middle east into another war. Unfortunately hes a big fucking problem to the rest of the world as well. With how powerful America is it becomes our problem as well when your entire country has a collective self induced stroke.
And even then he lost all his money. The guy is so fucking dumb he started with hundreds of millions of dollars and managed to lose money in New York realestate. Hed be richer if he had literally just let the money sit in a savings account.
So you can be total fucking douchebags about everything for decades without consequences? At this point, fuck America.
I guarantee you most bottles that people keep to recycle were consumed at home. And again, if fruit flies are your issue and you're too lazy to take 3 minutes to rinse them when you get home you're a useless lazy fuck. The health of this planet is more important than you having to spend a small amount of time cleaning up after yourself after getting drunk.
If Trump cant handle insults he should be less Trump like. Nobody gives a fuck when a widely known bully cries and cant handle being called on his shit.
Are you shocked that when people call out an asshole who has caused a fuck ton of damage and the asshole talks back that people will be upset?
Whataboutism is people pointing out unrelated issues to distract from the discussion. Pointing out America has no moral grounds to criticize here is not whataboutism since it is directly relevant.
Because people still have hope America will pull its shit together at some point.
How does communism support unregulated capitalism? Capitalism is good when heavily regulated to protect the people from greed. If humans could be trusted to protect the environment in time we wouldnt be in this situation but when consequences were a generation away nobody gives a fuck.
Oh I 100% agree with you. Guns wont stop shit but as long as people use it as a reason for the second amendment I will hold them accountable to use it. Not doing so just supports the average person not needing guns.
You hold 25% of the worlds prison population with 5% of the population. But I like how you change the goalpost from a systemic local issue to a federal one to make yourself look better. America is a police state if you like it or not.
Because now other people can't park there because you're a douche.
That's a real big stretch of the definition of nachos. The only similarity is melted cheese and even then the cheese used is different. It's literally just home cut fries, gravy and cheese curds.
Depends on the region. In the west it is definitely pronounced poo-teen.
I grew up in Manitoba and no parent would ever plaster a 70% grade on the fridge unless your kid is a raging moron and you have low expectations. Honour role didnt even kick in until you had an above 80% average.
Are we sure it wasn't just the stats for your workplace and coworkers you found?
But red is for ketchup chips. Does America not follow rules.
You have it wrong. Canadians spend half of what Americans do on taxes for heslthcare per capita. So remove all of their healthcare expenses and then cut their healthcare taxes in half and have open access to it and its comparable.
Literally everybody knows this. It's free at point of use yet you still have morons who feel the need to point out it's technically paid with taxes as if that is super obvious to everybody already.
What the fuck. How the hell do they manage traffic that way. Dozens of cars wanting to turn left during rush out at a busy intersection? Do you maniacs just go one or two at a time per light cycle? This is gross.
We birthed him but America molded him into the thing he is today.
What makes it special is loving the person, not saving yourself. That's just asking for horrible sexual incompatibility in marriage that leads to a dead bedroom. If I'm dedicating my entire life to one person I wanna know if the sex will be mind blowing or horribly boring.
Gross. I'm even less understanding of cheating when kids are involved. Dont fuck your kids up because you're a piece of shit. Happened to me with my parents and fuck anybody who brings life into this world and then fucks with their home life.
The kid had gangrene on his toes and they were googling natural remedies and trying those instead of taking him to a hospital. Not bullshit this and pretend what they did was moral or reasonable and that this could happen to any good parent. They deserve more time than they got.
At one point it meant that, very clearly means a different thing now.
Nobody defines their national pride by how long their money has stayed the exact same.
I mean the states with the biggest problem would be most likely to try to ban them and it's not exactly rocket science to drive a legal weapon in one state a few miles over to sell illegally in the next one for a markup. Either federal restrictions happen or they are useless.
They probably didnt take the drugs out of the speakers before weighing them.
Only about 9 percent of those who voted for Obama voted for Trump.
Just the vast majority.
Ok then alter the claim to the first world only. The fact you have to point out developing countries to make America not look like total shit tells me that you know that's the league America sits in. Stick to the first world and you know the US sits last. Only point out developing nations if you are willing to admit that is where America belongs.
Wouldnt a natural body be quite lean?
Canadian Trump supporters are even more retarded than American ones.
Once somebody cheats on me I give zero fucks about their pleasure if I fuck them again. Hate fuck all the way.
Anybody who says honestly is always the best policy has never truly lived that advice or theyd know its bullshit.
Yeah I'd take those extra geriatric years just hoping to love long enough for them to figure out how to reverse it.
Iceland and norway have a combined population of just over 5.5 million. Japan is at 168 million. The other two should be given just as much shit but Japan starting to whale again will do substantially more damage to whale populations.
Maybe it's because Winnipeg has a military base in it but I see soldiers semi frequently. All clearly on their way home from a shift and not like at a movie but I do see them.
It would be much more beneficial than invading a large first world nation when you know theyll share it for free or next to nothing in exchange for help keeping it secure. A real invasion over water isnt likely a real risk for Canada.
Watch them all point out 3rd world or developing nations to claim they don't have a problem. If you're a first world nation and you need to compare yourself to developing and undeveloped nations to look good you are declaring to everybody you know you dont compare to the first world.
She is definitely overweight. Just because overweight has become the new normal doesnt change the medical definition of being overweight. Edit: her thighs separate halfway to her knees and clearly has a thick middle to her. I'm sorry if this offends fat people here but it doesnt change the fact that she is medically fat. Actually where I live shed be both medically and socially considered fat. Americans perception has just been skewed. Roughly 60% of the adult American population is medically obese so of course standard overweight people now aren't considered fat even though they really still are. It's like if the average person had such horrible tooth hygiene that most people only had half their teeth by 30 but you still have 75% of your teeth by thirty. Sure you're above average in dental care but your dental care is still shit if you're missing 1/4 teeth by 30.
They basically automatically take away your license where I live if you've had a stroke until they can deduce it doesnt impair your ability to drive.
Tom cruise is in amazing shape and would do most of his own dangerous stunts. Justin has sang, acted like a spoiled douchebag and taken some pills while driving. Have you ever seen him get fake in the face of a mouthy fan while his guards clearly hold him back with zero resistance from Justin's part. Then guy would get his ass kicked.
Plus hes crazy enough to go full out train for 12 hours a day in preparation of the fight.
Strength actually peaks around 25 and plateaus in your 30s and 40s and then starts to decline in your 50s. Tom could still kick his ass but its untrue that somebody in their 40s can carry more strength than somebody in their 20s.
What will be accomplished by the two groups never standing together but instead excluding each other from pride celebrations. Isnt the cops joining in on pride instead of doing what happened decades ago progress? Why would you want to fight that and keep things hostile?
Who will maintain said security without cops? Rent-a-cops just wont be able to do the job.
You cant honestly be so bloody stupid as to think abolishing the police wouldnt lead to total anarchy and a massive jump in crime. When you have literally nobody to enforce laws then laws simply do not exist anymore.
Do we have a comparison those groups to the standard population? I'm curious how much of a separation it is or if cops are just fucking dicks as a whole.
Not everywhere has police as corrupt as America. The solution to a corrupt and violent police force isnt just no police force at all. That's insane. No police is even worse than corrupt police, at least corrupt police maintain some semblence of stability and not total anarchy.
When I worked service industry most of the time I'd travel to and from work in my uniform to save the hassle. I assumed it's the same for them since the Canadian military worship isnt a thing compared to the American so theyd have no huge benefit to wearing it everywhere.
I was only explaining why people get more upset with Japan doing it. If I see a family bbq littering I'm upset but if I see a 400 person party doing the same thing I'm furious due to the difference in damages. Both suck and should not be a thing but youd be a daft moron to not see why people would be more upset with Japan doing it than the 2 mini countries you listed.
Is that what you took from that? Just that armed volunteers are a politically charged event are more likely to turn it into a shitshow.
Point one absolutely does not have the clear collusion that Trump never coordinated with the Russians. It concluded we didnt have enough evidence to convict in part due to all the obstruction and destruction of evidence than the Trump campaign committed.
Trumps approval rating amongst the Republicans is 89%. Its not even a stretch to say most Republicand support fascist bullshit.
Exactly. Anybody arguing otherwise is either a racist themselves or a full blown useful idiot. There is a 0% chance somebody is both smart/moral and a Republican at the same time.
It's the same sort of shit as claiming humans peak sexually in their 40s. Its bullshit tossed out there so people feel better about aging.
I mean I dont think you can call it an April fools day prank when they were clearly half serious and used it as a stepping stone to actually do some greasy shit. With how swifty they rolled it out that shit was planned well before April fools.
Everybody jerks off to the mental image they took but stop justifying the fact you're a creep by pretending most people take creep shots.
I'm a guy as well. Stop trying to justify the fact you're a creep by pretending everybody does creepy shit like take creep shots in public.
I'm a guy but most men I know wear cologne.
Which is still a complete and total joke.
I literally shave my ball sack with men's razors without issue. Your armpit would be just fine, trust me.
Everything you described is more expensive because being an outlier means you pay more for a product because they dont have economies of scale. My feet are size 14. I often pay more for shoes not due to sexism but because I'm a niche group that costs extra to make products for.
I buy jeans at that price literally all the damn time. If I'm only gonna own a few pairs of jeans I'd like them to not be total shit.
If literally nothing is different including colour then woman should just buy the men's version and speak with their wallet. But they still choose the womans one. If two products are from the same company and the same shit and you willingly pay more just because it says its the womans product then you're an idiot and the reason such pricing exists.
Either a deep bond or she has less than zero attraction to you and therefore just doesnt care what you perceive her as.
Or just isolated herself from the group to get a drink or something to give you an opening.
You forget what cunts Americans are with foreign policy. This was a peace index. They dont care if life is garbage in your country, just if they consider you a risk to world peace. Om which case America is a big contender for fucking everything up to make like 4 people rich.
Lol hes been doing his best to destabilize Iran to drum up domestic support for a war. Hes trying real fucking hard to get America into a worse clusterfuck than your last few bumbles fucking the middle east.
Mainly because it would be obvious bullshit.
Under those parameters America really hasnt had a good president in the modern era. Which I agree with.
Hes still a loser. When you'd literally have more money if you just sat on your inheritance then when he somehow fucked up and lost investing in New York real estate you're a fucking moron and a loser. It's easy to make money when you already have money, the fact that he lost it all is hilarious.
Comparable for me. I'm equally as likely to cum drunk or rolling, which is less than zero. At least with booze I can get it up unless hammered, I just wont cum. With mdma I just get a reverse boner, where its shrunk so bad it's become hard.
No but the loss of business and success at work would maybe make him change his behaviour. But please do explain to me how being complacent and supporting his behaviour will help?
That's how you know you live in a place with zero employee rights and protections that that one night out where you damn well known they were stingy caused you to turn on your coworkers.
I'd be even more likely to report violations with said company than one who was decent to their staff. I had an employer literally pay me my full salary once when injured on the job just to avoid the workers comp claim. Didnt rat them out because they paid me my full wage while I healed, and they didn't hurry me.
19 is a child as well. Edit: I guess today were pretending teenagers are real adults.
Our climate models havnt been right. It's gone far worse than we predicted. And steadily going downhill in front of our eyes. Anybody who denies the fucked situation we are in is a full blown fucking moron.
Chill your cooter.
Its gotta be equally rough relying on Canadian players to win them for you.
Which is silly in todays age if you live in a first world country with its shit together. That much cash just sitting there is just asking for in the best case scenario to have your money devalue through inflation, worst case scenario a fire or a person breaking into your house takes literally everything you own.
If they are idiots. If you arent a total moron you can pay smart people to manage that money and turn it into more money for you and show you how to live off of it so that your great grandchildren still benefit from it. The problem is that lots of people are dumb as bricks and blow it on insane shit. If I wont a huge lottery I'd comfortably enjoy the few hundred thousand a year is gain in capital gains from it and touch very little of the initial sum.
I mean 100 million winnings in just a savings account will net you about 200k a year in extra money. That's just in a low risk standard savings account. You could literally sit on your money and have guaranteed great income for the rest of your life. You can live extremely well off of 200k a year. Even on smaller winnings you can do the exact same and supplement your income at a job you really enjoy. Even if you only net 80k a year in interest if your job pays 50k a year you are still living quite comfortably in a job you can choose that isnt stressful.
Yeah it makes sense when an elephant doesnt pass that because they intentionally rub mud on themselves all fucking day. A cat obsessively grooms itself so if it doesnt react to a spot on itself in a reflection it doesnt bode well for the cats intelligence.
That isnt the case though. Its countries with a bunch of people and less land that are blowing up, not the sparsely populated areas with lots of resources. With humans it comes down to education and social safety nets in old age. If you are educated and know you dont require 8 kids to support you in a struggling economy just to eat because you live in a first world country that has proper support for the old you will have less children due to the sheer stress and effort of doing so when it isn't required to not starve when you cannot work.
What do you mean? Just stop doing it. It's super simple. You're asking how to fix an entirely self created problem.
Except illegal immigration has been on the decline for decades now. It's only the GOP beating their racist drum for their voters that make people think it was an insane issue that required taking childrens parents from them.
Have you not been paying attention? That is quite literally what is happening. Crossing the border is a misdemeanor and if you're denying that plenty of them have lost their children as a result then you'd also be a moron who cant even bring himself to make a quick google search before saying dumb shit.
It's like dragging a deer alive under water to force it to pose for a photo before you drowned it. Technically still alive but actually what the fuck.
100% without a doubt. With the children massacres that have been happening that photo is in poor taste.
The other guys good lawyer could point out they had zero concern for the others guys life when he drove like an idiot so why should his concern for his own life be taken into account?
But the Saudis worked so well the last time.
Your friends are trash and you enable them. And since you're here defending it all I'm assuming you're kind of a dickhead as well.
I agree. The US fucking up south America for corporate interests causing these people to move north for a better life is a self created problem.
I mean little girls have super tiny wrists and those things are stretchy as it's not meant as a cock ring but more of a vibration device.
Cause they likely stumbled upon it and when finding it on their kids wrist who thinks it's a watch took a photo because its fucking hilarious and you can whip it out to embarrass them in the future. It's called having a sense of humour. Like if my kid got his head stuck in sole banisters my first reaction would be take a photo or two and then help them.
He snagged an attractive younger woman so clearly he made a mistake and is a bit higher up on the scale.
Cause why limit your options when everybody is of the legal age. Edit: a lot of people here have an issue with fucking somebody you could legally get hammered with in a bar or go to war.
That and knowing the planet is so fucked you can't even justify having children and will die alone due to past generations selfishness.
America does literally allow slavery as long as you convict them of a misdemeanor first.
Ah yes the thing America literally fought a war over and is still having a hissy fit about 155 years later.
I experience the same issue. But I'm glad you have decided that because you've never had that problem that literally nobody does.
What the fuck did you have to go after his bedroom skills for. Bit uncalled for.
You sound like a totally selfless lover who is totally concerned with whether or not their partner experiences any pleasure.
You mean the guy who promoted other forms of birth control paired with everybody being tested for sti's? Where the fuck did everybody get the idea hes an asshole who wants to endanger others. People get so unnecessarily vicious when somebody mentions condoms kill all sensation for them.
Best case would be extremely ignorant.
I mean one is a religion with both good and bad people and the other was a racist group of traitors that fought an entire war over their right to own slaves.
Our understanding of how unreliable people picking a face out of a police lineup is sort of disagrees with you. I've been assaulted before and had issues accurately describing their appearance like 20 minutes after the fact. I even had an entire skin tone wrong once they had actually caught them.
But he did dent having ever even met the woman before. If he met her long enough for a fuck and it was consensual why even lie about it?
Nah you just end up electing them president.
I'd love it if they had killed nickels at the same time. Useless coin.
Just send them on a trans Atlantic flight with no pilot and leave them to fly it.
Americans have already make it clear they value non American lives even less than American lives. And that's a fucking low bar to begin with. America needs to get knocked down like 10 pegs.
Lol Israel built it with no outside help? They were gifted the land by other nations and then have been protected by them ever since with billions pouring in every year. If you removed all support they are given today the rest of the middle east would steamroll them.
The fact you have an AMERICAN president in charge is why this whole thing is such a poorly managed shitstain. Try being less American next time and try a little diplomacy instead of flexing some bombs like an insecure child.
It would mean the only evidence we have of intelligent life wiped itself out due to it's own causes. Causes that other energy reliant species would suffer from as well. It wouldn't excuse the paradox but it would explain most of it. The great filter than I assume most intelligent species do not cross.
The cervix is like 6 inches in at the back of the vagina. How the shit did you just casually go at it.
If you only require a hoodie then you are where winters are nice. They drop below -50 C with windchill in the city I'm in and winter can be just as deadly as extreme heat. Edit: yeah the average January and February temps in Bufallo is an average high of just above freezing or right at freezing with an average low of like -7 to -8 C. That's a joke of a winter as far as the north goes.
It's like listening to Americans complain about the cold at -20 C.
Do you leave the milk out while you eat your cereal so you can top it up for the 4 bowls you'll inevitably eat?
If we don't act then we have no right to expect anybody else to do it and then were all fucked. Your line of though is braindead.
Per capita we are one of the worst though. Dont downplay how bad we are since we dont have as many people when our population continues to grow.
The problem is drumming up the political support to do what actually needs to be done. Half the country is throwing a hissy fit over the paltry fucking carbon tax. If they tried to do the shit that actually needs to be done theyd just be handing the election over to the conservatives. Without the political will or a dictatorship they can only do so much. And this problem is why we will continue to fall short of what needs to be done and why our species is so goddamn fucked.
You're an ignorant wad if you don't understand the poverty and migrant crisis climate change will bring and is already starting. How exactly do you envision that playing out when people are unable to grow crops due to droughts?
Black market online shops are a dime a dozen and the weed is just as cheap. If you're buying legal pot then you are simply willingly choosing to get ripped off.
That and people who opt out should be behind the opt ins on a donor list of they ever need an organ. If you dont feel like you need to donate when you die then you clearly dont need other peoples organs that badly.
Cant freeze them with current technology and any preservative we have would render the organ toxic.
Instead of an opt out system would you support it be opt in but those who opt in as donors get first dibs if they need a donation over those who arent donors? That would be a compromise that would maintain bodily autonomy in the way you desire while giving people incentive to sign up.
Lol hes a guy in the middle of declaring bankruptcy over him getting scammed out of money on bitcoin and he still owes taxes on it.
Honestly. The guy deserved a good beating, but taking away one of his eyes is a lengthy tad too far.
Honestly. This guy deserved a beating but taking his eye my smashing him in the face with a rock is just too fucking far. If the genders were reversed you bloody well know all these morons would be saying they took it way too far.
Did you miss the part in the video where they yelled "you'll never hit my mum again". Weird thing to yell if it had nothing to do with him beating their mother.
I mean him holding the brick before, then hearing the loud smack and then the guys eye being crushed in with evidence of trauma from a brick would easily be enough to convict him. It's not like the courts will be like well all the evidence points to it but we technically dont see it so no way to convict him.
I mean with secret service everywhere good luck just casually taking a video of the president with a personal device.
Yes but why would he try to obstruct the investigation so hard if he was totally innocent of conspiracy? Innocent men dont behave the way he did. If he gets hit with obstruction that's a huge indicator that he actually did conspire with the Russians since if he had been innocent he would welcome the investigation with open arms instead of obstructing and doing his best to shut it down.
Yes and they were quarantined based on bahaviour.....
If they had been properly disciplined and raised right growing up we wouldnt have this issue.
It's technically homo sapien but it's literally dumber than a mouse so unless you weep over mouse traps you can save your bullshit.
Then remove them from the body and do everything you can to help them fend for themselves. They should just pull themselves up by their bootstraps. If it cannot survive without a host to leech off of you cannot force a person to hold the being if they choose not to volunteer their body to do so.
Some would argue the only consistent line is conception and others would argue that is not the case.
4% of people executed have been proven to have been innocent. And that's only the ones we could prove. The real number is higher. You absolutely cannot be pro life and pro death penalty without being a hypocritical asshole valuing a clump of cells over a full grown innocent person.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/28/death-penalty-study-4-percent-defendants-innocent Explain this then. Defending death row means you defend the murder of innocent people. You cannot call innocent life sacred and then defend this bullshit. Its hypocrisy. Good on these death row inmates for using their own bullshit against them.
It's insane that it's the same people shrieking about sharia law that are also forcing abrahamic law down everybody's throat. Fuck them all.
A newborn isnt reliant on a host body to survive while being a clump of cells. It's a fully formed baby that is sufficient to survive without a host so no need to remove it. But we arent discussing an independent baby when we talk about abortions. Late term abortions are dodgy and should really only be allowed if the mother is at risk or the child will be developmentally disabled but early abortions where it is a simple form of life should be a no brainer to be allowed to abort.
I took the bus in the city for years. It's not as convenient as driving but it works. Your convenience does not trump the health of this planet and our species. And if you choose to live outside the city while having a city job then you need to accept the tax or move to the city. Again, it costing you money or being inconvenient is peanuts compared to what will happen to your standard of living if we do nothing. So I'm sorry but boo fucking hoo. You're crying now and we still arent doing enough. How you will howl when we are actually forced to take drastic actions in the future due to how little we did today. It is only going to get worse.
Seriously. If you want a plate then order a normal cheeseburger, dont intentionally order a fucking drink that is advertised to have a burger on top and then get butthurt when you get exactly what you asked them to bring you.
Do affirmative action programs help with that though? Wouldn't it just contribute to your peers thinking you didnt get there on merit like they did and to not take you seriously? Remove those and you know that any man or woman there arrived based on their merit.
And I support a eutopia where nobody makes mistakes but that's not realistic. Were not asking what you support in a make believe world, just what you support in reality.
But we exist in reality and not make believe land where nobody makes mistakes. A 100% scenario will never exist in reality so I'm not sure why we are even discussing it. Sure in some made up scenario where I can be guaranteed no innocent people will be murdered I'd be more ok with the death penalty but that is not the reality we live in and never will so I dont see its relevance.
If he didn't conspire and he decided that looking guilty of conspiracy with the Russians was a better option than whatever he was hiding then I gotta ask what he did that was worse than that. Cause what the fuck. Youd have to do some greasy fucking shit to have people thinking you conspired with the Russians me the good option and cover up.
Everybody streams Netflix and shit. 50 gigs wouldn't do shit unless you used the internet like it was 2004 and never downloaded.
If you jump in to defend neo nazis and white supremacists being labeled hate groups then you are at the very best somebody who sympathizes with them.
Is it though? Republican voters have proven again and again that they give no shits about innocent lives or human rights. Fuck em.
You know Republicans that support locking people up in camps due to their ethnicity? I'm super shocked I tell you.....
The nazi's were as socialist at the north Korean leaders are democratic. Don't be a moron.
Lol at Americans thinking the democrats went too far left. Theyd be conservatives in my country and the "crazy" shit your new democrats are suggesting has been policy here for decades. You guys have a centre right party and a far right party, still lacking in an actual liberal party. But seriously, do you not see the ridiculousness in claiming to be a liberal but also finding a centre right party to be too liberal?
Makes zero difference to me. Cheating is cheating and if you dont have the self control to not fuck a person while in a relationship because you were horny then you should do everybody a favour and not date anybody cause they dont deserve your bullshit.
He has to play ball. If democrats called Republicans what they deserve half the country would lose their shit like a bunch of morons and elect some manchild as revenge. They did it anyways though so fuck em. Bunch of inbred fucks.
They wont. Nixon happened and everybody forgot and continued to vote Republican despite them doing literally nothing to fix that corruption.
Honestly. Their political rallies seem more like concerts.
That was clear. But the US is the only english speaking country that spells it without the u so it's a stretch to assume they're english.
You're actually fucking retarded. Congrats on stringing together a full sentence.
If you fear fascism and then vote for the current Republican party you were dropped on your head a few too many times.
It's why I don't understand the folks that wanna bring all manufacturing back to America and be prosperous again with nothing but a highschool degree. Youd have to topple the rest of the world like the world wars did to make that happen. Fuck me dont give them any ideas.
You already had peace with Iran for the most part until Trump fucked the pooch as he usually does. This would only be him fixing what he directly caused. Most peaceful president lol.
No but without wage growth to go with that raise in capital it no good to most people since its just the rich hoarding even more money. You know what else had a great stock market and no real wage growth for the average person? The 1920s. We all know what happened after that.
Yeah he seemed completely neutral and just trying to survive. The guy showed no desire to hurt anybody at any point but made it clear he would do it if you forced his hand and threatened his survival. He was always very lenient and just wanted the swaps to go smoothly.
Yeah but going in for a kiss hug is fucking awkward either way. If somebody came to give me a hug and I couldn't tell the difference between them hugging me and trying to make out with me I'd get confused and shove them away. It would just be constant super awkward hugs. I think I've had like one kiss rejected in my life. Just read the room and how she's responding and flirting and you shoukdnt have much doubt about her response. Majority of woman will make it super clear she wants you to kiss her if you can pick up on it.
Have you looked at MOM shops (mail order marijuana) very professional and knowledgable about their product and comes professionally packaged with THC percentages listed. Buying off some dude in a basement isnt the black market anymore.
Plus it seems like its more often used in greasy ways than good ones.
It's because it smells.
I mean was it still not the result of absent parents? The reasons are understandable but it's still the cause.
Who the hell wouldn't recognize the name Himmler in the western world.
I'm pretty sure congress wasnt even briefed on the drone strike that Israel was informed before them. Congress wasnt informed because they would have shut that shit down.
Nah it's a propaganda move. Everybody knows Amerocans vote in and want their shithead government.
I mean he was literally the one who ordered American soldiers to assassinate the top Iranian general. So yeah, his fault. Things were at peace for the time with Iran until Trump started trying to provoke the bear.
A fractured left is exactly what America needs right now. Would hand every single election to the Republicans.
Since when has the Pentagon let themselves be hindered by pesky war crimes.
Any of my.family members that ended up with serious issues were seen quickly. My step dad before he passed went through cancer screening, specialists and then beginning treatment in the span of a few weeks. If you're waiting 8 months to see a specialist it's because you're far from the priority.
I mean are you complaining Elsie isnt high maintenance because she has short nails? She's hot but the evidence also points to her being a bit crazy. I'd bet my left but that girl is anything other than low maintenance.
Hes literally never had a real job. He rolled into the presidency thinking a work day starts at 11am and checks out before dinner and doesnt get much done during that based on how much he tweets. Dudes a silver spoon moron.
Americans would get so melodramatic if their bullshit had to be fought on American soil.
Doubtful. The American people have a very short attention span. The senate will never convict him so distraction from impeachment through war is his best bet at winning the election. America essentially never fails to re-elect a wartime president.
Their reply says otherwise.
So if 75 years and clear progressive change that goes beyond what most of the rest of the developed world has accomplished isnt enough for you? What would you say about your home country that has also committed genocide, war crimes and even illegal wars and black site torture facilities that exist to this day? Surely if 75 years good behaviour isnt enough then recent shit behaviour is enough to condemn a nation. No? So you think due to the lack of apologies that the world can continue to shit on America for maybe another 200 years?
Barron Trunp will be 14 soon. If war with Iran breaks out he will easily be old enough to fight plus another 20 years after that before the US finally withdraws.
The guy is the clearest example of total projection. If he ever accuses an opponent of doing a greasy thing its guaranteed hes guilty of it.
Ignoring all the other republicans that could easily remove him from office if they wanted. They hold the power in the senate. Trump is still president because republicans as a whole desire it.
BOth SiDEs ARe thE SaMe!!
Ah yes I remember when Obama was just as much of a stick of dynamite as Trump is for foreign policy. I'm from outside America, the difference to us is clear as day. You'd have to be an actual moron to think they do the same amount of damage.
I mean if my girlfriend provokes a guy at the bar and he punches me as a result I put most of the blame on him but also some lands on my girlfriend for provoking a reaction that never needed to happen.
They definitely meant that the fire triggered a stampede. The arsonist never personally caused a stampede but their actions directly led to that happening.
You both have a point. The other way around and people still find it gross but not predatory like they do when it's a much older man.
He didnt say that. But you said they essentially have all the downsides that Republicans have, claim with which you'd have to be an actual moron to think is true.
Ok so when you get sick and cant go to work anymore you just....die?
Vote for a less shit government. Americans have the power to make their government not suck such big donkey balls.
Jesus christ you people need to be more selective with who you spend your time with. I love being around my girlfriend.
That's reasonable. Claiming somebody isnt an adult until 35-38 is unreasonable.
Only if you're an idiot that cant control their spending. Credit cards are incredibly easy to maintain and building up a good credit history will help with things like getting a mortgage or any sort of loan in the future. I've literally never missed a payment or had any balance left at the end of the month simply by never using it if I couldn't afford the same purchase off my debit card.
That person has obvious issues with spending money they don't have and are assuming everybody else is just as shit with money.
I mean not if you live in a first world country where social safety nets exist along with proper old age benefits. It wont be a life of luxury but you could not save a dime into your old age and still not be homeless and manage the essentials. That's even if you dont have a kid you can move in with.
Lol if your boss finds himself in your bedroom then we all know how you got that promotion buddy.
I'll do what I'm told but if they dont deserve respect I wont respect them.
Also be a good boy or Santa will give you a lump of coal.
Except all the people who cant just make whatever life they like.
I already told you I will do as I'm told but respect can easily be a silent thing. Even if I dont respect my boss I dont just ignore them, I still do as I'm told. Respecting a person and treating a person with respect are similar things but also very different.
Yeah but being off by 20 years?
Guy weighs like 140 pounds. I promise you none of his half assed punches hurt any significant amount.
I'm pretty sure people do it because they know the jerkoff drivers in this city will block them out and not let them merge if they make the turn into the correct lane.
Yikes. I'll be honest, it sounds like he treats you like his guaranteed booty call when hes home. 8 days without talking to my girlfriend? In 5 years of dating I dont think we've missed a single day without so much as a single text.
That mat is exactly what I'm refferencing you twat. How dumb are you that you read my post and assumed I overlooked exactly what I pointed out.
The space where she falls you can see a square area where it's slightly raised and different than the surrounding area. She didnt hit normal stage floor.
Girls muscular. I know what bmi says but I also know it doesnt take into account people more muscular than average for their height and gender. Girl could crush my skull with her thighs.
Because a real pocket adds lumps and bulk to clothing and people dont buy the real thing because it looks much less flattering with tight items that woman often wear.
Because real pockets create unflattering lumps on tight clothing worn by woman so the majority wouldn't buy it. If woman demanded it they would make it but at this point I think it's a minority raising the issue.
I lean more towards woman not buying clothing with big pockets because they wear tighter stuff and it doesnt look as flattering so the pockets go and the pants sell better. Less systemic sexism and more woman not buying tight pants with large pockets enough to justify making them when mens skinny jeans already exist for the minority of woman that don't mind the frumpy look of large pockets and tighter pants. If woman spoke with their money and just bought mens skinny jeans the companies would take note and adjust their product, but they dont, since woman prefer womans jeans with small and more flattering pockets.
But then I'd have to live my life being the guy who wears cargo pants.
Slug down a cooler or cider though? Easy. And with each edible limited to like 2mg it's not even comparable.
You've never greened out? I'm sorry your weed experience has been as weak as it's been.
Then still sell the weak shit? I don't give a first time drinker everclear. People need some common fucking sense. Pot wont kill you so even if they are knobs and overdo it without a hint of research the worst thing that happens is they learn a lesson.
Then woman can start sexually selecting for guys who only wear skin tight clothes with no pocket lumps. Nothing is stopping them.
I had looked into taking a train to Montreal to save money only to find out it's the same fucking price as a flight. It's insane. I take other forms of transit when travelling abroad because trains are realistic in other places but it just doesnt make sense to not just fly in Canada unless you have a lot of time to make the drive.
You're assuming America would take you in as a state and not let you remain a small and weak country they could bend over a table. The remaining Canada would fucking hate you and youd be forced to do all of your trade with America so if you think you'd have leverage to get anything other than scrap deal they toss your way you're delusional.
I bet they still expect their staff to give them their full effort.
Ok but they're just pinning him down instead of digging into the already gripped throat and making the kill. The real meat would be even easier to get if the two with their jaws around the throat finished the kill instead of holding back.
Their product should speak for themselves. If its top notch then doctors will take note and prescribe it. It should never boil down to patients requesting a brand name like they're ordering a soda ffs.
If bathtub wine was of better quality than store bought stuff and cost me half the price of course I'd buy it you moron. Your anology doesnt work because you operate under the premise that illegal pot is essentially just "bathtub wine". Would you still buy legal alcohol if your neighbour and friend sold better quality wine for half the price and delivered it to you? I doubt it.
So the things you were told over a chinese messaging app that they use to monitor their citizens lines up with the official story coming out of China? That in no way indicates truth.
Or any lives. I'd settle for America not spending decades intentionally destabilising the region for personal gain.
But regulations is essentially just socialism and the US government wouldn't have run a 70 year long propaganda campaign if it wasnt literally the devil.
So if it's a trust fund baby born into generational wealth where nobody actually earned that money it's ok to take it?
Yo my moms name is ruth. She's a sweet lady, you leave her out of this.
That and telling him to go back to Africa is rich when her ancestors were the ones who dragged them over and enslaved them to begin with.
Does America have places where residential streets arent public property? That's fucked.
Lol they started their comment saying it's a situation where she had a real concern and it's only conveyed as racist when we have literal video evidence of her saying racist shit and telling them to go back to Africa. Nobody forced that woman to spout racist shit on Camera and yet people are still in here trying to rationalise her actions.
I wont respect a person simply for not being dead yet. If you behave like a racist asshole you deserve no respect.
Nobody serving eggs and tomato on a cast iron pan hot enough to cook on. It would start burning everything before they were done eating and would be a disaster to serve. That cast iron is at best slightly warmed to keep the food from going cold but was definitely not used to cook any of it.
No they don't. I've worked a few restaurants that cook stuff in cast iron in the oven. They dont serve the food in said scalding pan. If it got served in a cast iron pan it was swapped out from the one it was cooked in or the food would continue to cook and burn and then likely burn customers.
It wont, because the pan isnt hot. That definitely wasnt used to cook it.
I need to know the lives the "not trashy" people in this sub live where pulling your friends tit out in a restaurant and groping it isnt trashy. Because you are definitely trashy.
What cables are you pulling that no gloves makes a pull easier. Whatever we are using to fish will tear my hands up doing any significant pull without gloves.
Because that lady would have been screaming it. What evidence do you have that he was committing crimes that the angry woman out to get him completely managed to not mention?
Same with humans. It's different when you know a being is technically smart enough to solve a problem but they flop anyways vs when you know they're just dumb.
That people think it was served hot enough to actually burn you.
"I wouldn't want someone right in front of my driveway just sitting in their car" "Driveway" Fuckin read your shit before you claim you didnt say it.
I mean we are technically animals but to deny how special we are compared to the others would just be silly. We simply are not just like the others.
Yeah but having to wake up next to you and occasionally play with your balls is a hard thing to overlook.
But when it costs you less on average how is it an unnecessary cost? They made their choices and it ends up costing the system less so how is that a burden? I have never once in my life described something costing me less as a burden on me.
Isnt earth likely to be largely uninhabitable by that time?
He's definitely mocking her.
It wont. Half the country fucking loves this shit and an even smaller minority of the other side would ever even go and protest it. This is just the next step in the slow erosion of democracy and human rights that America has been experiencing silenty for decades now.
Yeah but based on her poor choices over the last decade along with reading that shitpile and putting her stamp on it I've decided JK is no longer in charge of what is and isnt cannon. Her authority in my mind ends when the final book was finished.
