The cheesiness is built into the DNA of the show, which is what I like about it. I'm sad that the new season with the new female doctor has seemed to lost nearly all of that. Instead the show seems focused on making her seem all motherly and coddlely. It's also become more like Quantam Leap.
I usually just go to the Bonus Round.
Always driving below the speed limit. 40 on 57th street? Naw, more like 28 all day.
Shorter version: It's impossible to not be a hypocrite.
These kinds of posts should have a mandatory "what happened" explanation.
Thanks. It's always good to have the backstory.
Why is RWD a criteria? Isn't the 3 AWD? Honestly if I were to get an electric appliance car it would be a Leaf. I'd rather have a Toyota Prius C for that kind of role.
I admired Kennedy. She was a fierce warrior who wasn't afraid of anyone of anything, which are great attributes to be a slayer. Like a lot of things in season 7, the writing got sloppy, and the direction of the show did too. Kennedy could have worked if the final season wasn't such a train wreck.
Ots oet Werk
1952 Packard 200 for $4500. https://siouxfalls.craigslist.org/cto/d/sioux-falls-1952-packard-200/6776045195.html Mercury Cyclone K-Code https://siouxfalls.craigslist.org/cto/d/trent-1964-mercury-cyclone-code/6775775363.html I thought I knew my cars pretty well, but I'd never heard of that Mercury before. This Ford unibody pickup that I've heard of, but never seen before https://siouxfalls.craigslist.org/cto/d/wayne-1962-ford-uni-body-pickup/6743818168.html
Hasn't this debate been done to death? How about a reasonably objective view from this vocal coach that explains the difference between all the singers. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZ3Rl1lT9PY
SCX-10.
Why did that one lady show up in a strapless dress? Do women normally wear strapless dresses to places other than a wedding? Yeah, I'll just wear a strapless dress out in public and walk into this warehouse and let people film me, that's fine.
I got laid off on Christmas eve a few years ago. Our CEO flew in on a chartered plane from Texas, and bragged about how his rental car had heated seats and a heated steering wheel and was only in the Midwest for a few hours to attend our Christmas party, but then after that it was back to Texas where he was going to spend the rest of the night with his family. He was all on point with talks of budgets, market saturation, all that CEO bullshit, and how we were going to dominate the market this year if we all stuck together. He was basically in town to get everybody together on one insurance plan so they could get a good deal the next year, and once they had everybody locked in, they laid off the rest of the people and shot them out the door on Christmas Eve. I vowed never to work in IT ever again, and I haven't. It took me a while, but I am now happily working in the healthcare industry, where I'm less of a "can we offshore this position?" to I'm vital to what happens every day at my clinic. Fuck everything about that guy and the toxic IT CEO culture that goes with it.
I did a lot of IT work over the years and it just wasn't very stable. The job I got laid off on Christmas Eve was a really good job, just for a poorly ran company.
I think it's a very realistic reaction though. The depression Buffy experienced showed that people react in different ways. The whole season was depressing, but it had a lot of realism to it.
I simply don't wish people a happy anything. I just say something generic like "Okay, enjoy the rest of your day." or something like that.
I thought it was just an act for his show.
As a powerless sidekick who had seen the destruction that Angelus had wrought, I think he had some reasonable motivations. He's always had a consistent disdain for vampires, going back to the first season of the show.
There's always somebody on this sub hating something. It's the most hateful sub I've seen outside of r/politics.
Youtuber DontTrusTheRabbit did a video about this. She's a German who spends a lot of time speaking English. I can't find the video in her series, but she's posted about this before. EDIT: I found it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHw4uwqSr3g
What kind of plug is that?
Proof of concept!
Spike gets a pass, because he's hot.
I'm not a believer, but I'm not a part of any community either. Do what's best for you.
I had a JB Player Rhodes model, which wasn't a bad guitar really.
Good reminder that I need to do another re-watch of this fantastic show.
Left side is sinister.
Making my own sound effects as I watch this. BVVVVVTT. BVVVWWWWWTTT. BVWWWWT.
Still my favorite gen.
Yeah, especially when he could get 15k for it.
I think they had to do that with her character once they decided focus on Spike and eventually the Spike and Buffy dynamic. It's kind of a shame really, because those two had such great chemistry as character and actors -- it was a joy to watch.
That's the exact same 4Runner that the Straightpipes used in their review.
The first gen xBox was a cool little vanlet.
I was stuck with Prowings from Payless, because we were poor.
Shelf queen or crawler? Looks too nice to bash up.
Mounted higher up helps illuminate ditches. Looks stupid, but works.
Season 4 of Angel is really solid, aside from the Cordy/Connor stuff. Wesley and Lilah Morgan are great together.
I liked it because you could add yourself to your group and chat with yourself. :( There was usually about a half a second delay, which I found entertaining.
FTP. FILE TRANSFER PROTOCOL.
Most Nissan techs I know can do more than replace failed JATCO CVTs.
Overlanding starter kit, Marvell addition.
What road is it?
Is that camo green?
Looks good. I'm thinking of dipping my whole truck that color, now that the paint has neared the end of its life with my '04 Tacoma. #rustbeltlife
I need to do it for rust mitigation. I hate living where salt ruins EVERYTHING.
A friend had one of these during college. For what it was, it was an excellent car.
The Midwest of the US. Go to Black River Falls Wisconsin and hit Levi's Trow Mound. You'll be amazed at the singletrack here. https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/wisconsin/levis-trow-mounds-trail
Facts don't matter to him or his followers.
It's a dying segment for sure. Matters are made worse when they're putting cash on the hood to get it off the lot.
Looks like a first or second gen Tacoma. Source: taking the bed off my Tacoma this week so I can reinforce the hell out of it.
Is that a Volvo?
Yep. Have a 2004 Tacoma TRD with a 2nd gen 4runner bumper that I managed to fit to it. https://i.imgur.com/03TASIE.jpg
I like Helmet, but I like the sounds of scraping rocks and suspension squeaks better.
Where did you find Barum in the US?
I like how she always calls Buffy "B"
This is the same guy that complained that the 2019 Toyota 4Runner TRD Pro didn't have a power lift gate like it's a fucking minivan. I'm sure the take rate on the manual Gladiator will hover in the single digits, but I'm glad FCA is offering it.
Most of which serve detail as family vehicles. That's not the mission of the 4Runner. It would just make for more weight and complexity.
I'm sure many of them end up that way, but it certainly isn't what it was engineered for. If you want a power lift gate that he was clamoring for, then the Highlander is the vehicle for you.
The end of the exhaust pipe.
It's really common in the Dakotas to do this.
The Pilot was too much vehicle and the Accord wasn't enough and the TSX wagon only came with a 4 cylinder. It's a compromise.
It's way, way at the end of its cycle and is going to be replaced in the next two years. Let's just be thankful that there's BOF trucks like it around, sans power lift gate or not.
&gt; The 4 runner is incredibly out dated That's why some people still like it. I was thinking about getting one, but I'm still thinking about an FJ Cruiser, but only because you could get one with a 6 speed manual -- otherwise they're very similar vehicles. I don't want niceties or luxury. I want proven drivetrains with a solid running gear. Just look at the mess Toyota created when they crammed the 3.5 V6 out of the Camry into the "new" Tacoma, then mated it to a 6 speed automatic tuned for fuel economy that shifts constantly. I'll take the 4.0 V6 and the 5 speed auto in the 4Runner, even if I have to act like a plebe and open the liftgate like so primate with my bare hands.
Make it a triple header at COTA. I want to see NASCAR run there so badly. I don't watch their oval races, but I like like their chaotic road races for some reason.
Precisely. And if you bought a Highlander and complaned about the lack of its off-road prowess then you bought the wrong vehicle. The 4Runner is a truck of considerable compromises. I don't have a family to cart around, and if I did, it would be nowhere near the top of vehicles I'd consider buying for that task. The Sienna is perfect for lugging crotch fruit around, unless you eschew the convenience of POWER sliding doors then the Highlander should get the nod.
Joyce died of natural causes though, whereas Buffy died of supernatural causes -- which is why they could bring her back from heaven.
It's a great circuit. That's too bad.
This is really common nowadays. I'm sure it has a lot to do with distracted drivers as there is a myriad of devices in the car to distract you, along with your cell phone. This happened at a turn arrow the other day, so I gave the guy in front of me the Midwest courtesy of letting him sit for at least 5 second before I honked to alert him of the arrow, and of course he flipped me off.
I don't like crossovers, but for what it is and for what most people use it for, the Pilot is fine. Just stay away from the ZF 9 speed automatic. That's terrible.
And James was dating a girl who was in high school. He even went to her graduation when she was 17 and he was 42. They eventually got married. He also wrote a super gross creepy song for Michelle Trachtenberg when she was 15 and he was 38. https://twitter.com/inkookang/status/1089985330101374978?lang=en https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DyBnpmhVYAAlgPM.jpg
Are you driving a Unimog? That looks like a really short hood.
I was somewhere in the vicinity of it being a European van type vehicle. :)
I'll have to try that next month. What's the donut place the OP is talking about?
This is the kind of stuff I like. I don't give a shit about hyper cars that sit in a garage, this is great.
Well, Joss Whedon turned out to be a total creep too. He was sleeping with a lot of the "needy" actresses on the show as his wife found out years later. https://www.huffpost.com/entry/joss-whedons-ex-wife-warns-hes-a-hypocrite-preaching-feminist-ideals-in-revealing-essay_n_599ad248e4b01f6e801fa06c?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009
It's a Proline body on a 2WD Slash.
I put lower gears in for the big tires. Makes a great trail bug!
Haha. Gross. Pretty much that.
IT'S NOT THE FUCKING LEFT LANE. IT'S THE GOD DAMNED PASSING LANE. PASSING LANE!! &lt;---- Seriously, we have a labeling problem. If it was called the passing lane, people would treat it as such, because that's what it is. It's not the left lane, or the fast lane, it's the PASSING LANE. Use it to pass, and get your shit back into the right lane like a good driver.
I would have done something similar, but used tarps with straps.
Good as reason as any to break that nitro engine in.
That's the correct answer.
If facts mattered to Trump, then he may have got somewhere, but facts do not matter to him at all.
Rampant fan speculation led to enough misinformation about Charisma Carpenter still being spread on the internet 20 years later. Any kind of source on this would be beneficial to fandom.
Hmm. Looks European. Maybe French. Is it some kind of Simca? EDIT: It's not weird enough to be French. Maybe Italian.
I love clearance lights on anything.
Ironically enough, this truck has a stablemate that is a hybrid. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3rkwq0mfKc
That's when this did come out. I don't think she would have published if there wasn't truth to it. And again, Joss hasn't denied any of this.
I've taken my Sea Eagle 330 all over the place. I've paddled down dirty midwestern rivers, to pristine lakes of northern Minnesota and out in the the Gulf of Mexico. Been paddling it for nearly 20 years now.
I really struggled to get into this show. I thought it was going to be some groundbreaking thing, but everything felt very familiar and kind of recycled. I got about 3 episodes in before I gave up on it. Should I keep going?
What kind of technical playing are we talking here? Like this? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YWR4n0VszI
Killer Wolf is peak video girl star staring off into the distance Danzig video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YWR4n0VszI
I caught that Swift joke.
Does the drone have a mic? I like the sounds of nitro engines.
Haha. Another SeaEagle. I'm thinking about finally upgrading after having mine for nearly 20 years. Thinking about one with a skeg and the sail kit.
This is gutting to watch. He was such a great person. :(
Is that a BC Rich?
Meanwhile, it's almost impossible to find a proper wagon.
She's resurrecting her acting career to star in some anti-abortion movie. https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9024106/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_1
I always have what I think are good ideas for a post or a subject, and I'll even write them out, but I'm usually too uninspired to finish. That also goes for writing responses to other posts as well.
I'm very pleased with Floor as the singer, and FYI I worship Satan. He's cool because he killed way less people than the God of the Abrahamic religions.
The bass was kind of low in the mix, so it was difficult for me to hear.
Better bring a spare driveshaft.
That's an accurate descriptor of all of season 7 unfortunately. Everything was sloppy and clunky and hastily thrown together, and it really shows as characterization is really thrown out the window -- that includes the main characters of the show. I think Faith had a pretty good arc, but that's not saying much. So Kennedy was another pieces of a poorly fitting puzzle to a season that never really came together, but I think all the ingredients for a good character are there. She was a true warrior with a different background, which I think could have been interesting, but the writers just stopped giving a shit.
Angel was 200 + and Buffy was 17.
She's the glue that holds season 4 together.
This is where eBay has ruined flea markets for me. "Oh yeah, got this RC truck here, these babies go for $300 on eBay all day long, so I'm asking $300." Argh.
The point I was making is that age gaps didn't mean much on the show. Same goes for Buffy and Spike. Honestly, I didn't care for many of the relationships on the show. I thought Anya and Xander was organic and worked how it should have. I also liked Giles and Jenny Calendar together too. :(
It's the much better Hilux chassis, but still a cool truck.
And for Subaru to be down about 200 HP. That's been their strategy to win a single race for years now. :)
Alright kids, you're going to have to get out and push.
I couldn't see the bear because the music was too loud. :(
How ya liking it up north?
Glad you're enjoying it! I love it up north.
Somebody is going to shoot it down. I guarantee it.
Super smeller here. This isn't some power, it's a total curse, as we live in a hyper saturated over smelly world where EVERYBODY wears too much damn perfume. I can tell who is at work any day of the week just knowing which person wears what perfume. It's horrible. I want to stick a drill in my nose and rid myself of the sense of smell. Either that you fuckers have to stop wearing so much damn perfume all he time.
Starting to gag just thinking about that.
He was my favorite character on S2 and 3, but when he was written for fan service and shoehorned into the gang, it was really obvious and kind of clunky.
Smells Like Adult Wal-Mart.
I do everything I can to avoid them. People out in public doused in perfume is just about as bad though.
It's probably Jaden. Braiden? Kaden?
Ok. Maybe it's Aiden?
Pantera will always be my favorite white trash groove metal band.
Pretty surprising that they'd put a 5 speed manual transmission in a tourist vehicle. Most American tourists cannot drive a manual transmission. You think the 4 speed auto would get the nod for this kind of theme park driving detail. EDIT: I think the YJ had a 3 speed auto!
Still crazy that Honda didn't offer these without the hybrid drivetrain. :(
I've ran my buggy on the beach a few times. It'll take forever to get the sand out, and I needed a new spur gear, but it was worth it. You can see that it's weighed down with sand! https://i.imgur.com/VMiigmM.jpg
This is all I need in a pickup.
Toyota did the same thing to my oil filter.
That's such great bass guitar playing. He's also moving around when he's on the beat, and when he's playing behind it. Really impressive.
Very Canadian response.
I'm sure a team of layers came up with this for liability reasons.
Is he though? I mean, he was a bad ass fighter in a top secret government organization who hunted down demons and monsters. He certainly treated Buffy better than any of her other boyfriends, save for Scott Hope. He was initially a well thought out character, until they decided to write him off the show, which is when things went off the rails with his characterization. I liked it when he came back in S6.
Hadn't been to a movie in about a decade and went to some arty film about some German lady who marries a Turkish guy and he's killed she she seeks revenge and the whole time during the movie there were old ladies behind us saying things like "Oh geez, you don't think those are drugs do you?" "I think she's going to kill this guy or something, oh I don't know." all the goddamed mother christing way through the damned movie. That's it. If it's not possible to go to a non Hollywood blockbuster shitshow movie and not have people talk all the way through it, then I'm done for good. Never going to a movie in a theater again. Fuck that shit.
Where is Buffys dad?
Also, we got to meet Xanders dad one time didn't we? Or was that his uncle?
I'll be there in January for the first time.
Did you see him fight?
I didn't know it was sold in Canada in that trim. There were a reasonable amount of 2WD diesels sold in the US, but I think they were for fleet sales for Uhaul and camper conversion companies.
Just like James Marsters turned out to be a total creep in real life too.
No license plate either.
Law and order no longer matter. This is awful. :(
Your response makes more sense with the addition of me reading that one extra word. Thanks for the clarification.
I can tell how the family is dressed. It's almost jarring how different people dress when I travel from South Dakota to California.
The gallon drum soda cup means this is the US.
Have you been to the Midwest of the US? This perfectly hits the middle stride of fun for travel, but yet conservative enough to wear so Wednesday night church. You didn't go to Wednesday night church?
I do like luggage racks on trunks.
Direct link to video https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&amp;v=Shkes5ONpXA
In the US?
The spare tire on the trailer made this really confusing at first.
Also describes the Midwest of the US. My coworkers think I'm a freak for eating lamb khorma.
Not much about Logan makes any sense, like Veronica being with him in the first place. He's despicable human garbage, but Rob likes to keep up with Joss with cramming shitty relationships into otherwise good shows. From a practical standpoint, I don't think he would have been a good enough student in high school to make his way into the flight academy to become an ace fighter jockey. Either way, Jason is a brilliant actor and I hope they do something interesting with him this time, rather than to have Veronica save him again. God that was stupid.
I'm liking the Cazal frames. Also, this is a trick we do in the Midwest for rust mitigation, but we use bedliner.
That kind of sold me on the show to be honest. Also, that was Joss Whedon doing the dance, which most fans are aware of.
&gt; if you list out his traumas? Damn. That's true, but even then, Veronica is way too practical to put up with somebody like that, then just awkwardly say "oh I really like badboys." That was so fucking cringy and stupid. Maybe terrible relationships is her weakness or something. I don't get it at all.
I honestly don't mind movie spoilers at all. In this day and age it's mostly comic book guy man movies or whatever, and they bore me to tears, but I watch 'em anyway.
Here's what the tires on the inside of the car looked like after I ran them on tarmac. You can see they wore evenly. https://i.imgur.com/JsxCjQu.jpg
Looks like Fleckstone paint.
Amy Acker has acting skills that are not of this earth. Pylea perhaps?
It moved a bit slow, but was entertaining enough.
These are fun. Thanks for posting them.
You might like her as Root on the show Person of Interest.
Where bad weather is also against the law.
Glad David can admit his Irish accent was terrible. He's a good sport about it.
Sad I missed this. Just wanted to say your Music Theory for the Bass Player book was excellent along with your videos.
I'm seriously considering putting a manual in mine. I really needed a truck a few years ago when I got my '04, and it was my first vehicle with an automatic, and it's been hell. I'd need a donor truck with the 5 speed, ECU and the pedals? Maybe a new driveshaft?
I like how they added the rear tail lights.
Body panel gaps on that old building are similar to a new Tesla.
Mine won't even order one to have for test drives. The 6 speed auto is atrocious.
No Subaru onboard stream this year? Last year when it rained and they passed half the field was a riot.
My conservative friends and family say that all of this is okay because "he's a new Christian" and we shouldn't judge him for things that he may or may not have did in the past. What the fuck is a new Christian exactly, and what other kinds of behavior does that give you an excuse for?
How do people do this? Even on an 8 hour flight to London I was able to take about 20 of the worst naps of my life on the plane.
I asked about that before, and they note that there are days of prayer, and that their pastor is praying for Trump since he's a gift from god. Ya know, I was pretty much a non-believer before all of this, but this has truly cemented the notion that religious people will literally believe anything. Sorry to Christians who aren't Trump supporters, but you have to understand how this looks from afar.
Also while hiking. I go to the woods for peace, not to hear your hose dub trance step what the fuck ever music blaring through the woods.
Are you in the northern hemisphere? Who is still running winter tires this late?
Is that a Subaru engine?
Don't these get stolen a lot?
Some fitting music to go with this thread: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCpuVU4ncCs
On an ark that doesn't float mind you.
Isn't it a rebadged Daewoo?
GM did that to lots of brands. See also Saab, Isuzu.
What was the budget on that. $500.00?
The Les Paul wasn't an original design.
I'm going to throw Veronica Mars into the ring. It's more gritty teen noir, which I'm not really sure if that's a thing or not, but the mysteries are excellent. The pilot episode is the best I've ever seen in a show.
Old Man Emu suspension. Frame reinforcement kit.
Fear Factory for me. Still do to this day.
Clearly he's not a servant to the American people. He's a servant to Putin.
She's actually the Cousin Oliver.
It's amazing how much hate this sub has for a show that is so loved.
I don't skip any episodes. This episode is just gross.
A bass player almost gets noticed.
Making the Battle of Kursk would be impossible. I don't think people could realize the amount of carnage. Same goes for Stalingrad. I'd love to see it if they could pull it off.
That's clever. I might swipe your idea.
Which is basically what the 1st gen 4Runner was, unless you count the Trekker. This one is pretty ghetto, but I like it.
This would be a fun $800 rig.
r/pics is now just cosplay girls.
The first few seasons were worth a chuckle.
That would be ideal.
Take the guns and rockets off and it'd be cool.
First time in history that the wagon version of a car looked worse.
The unfortunate timing of this ad, right before the Challenger explosion. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3gnIML5-GM
Ibanez Talman series. They're easy on the fingers and feel just like an electric guitar. https://www.guitarcenter.com/Used/Ibanez/TCY10E-Talman-Acoustic-Electric-Guitar-115504768.gc
&gt; I also avoided it when it aired, because while I liked the movie, didn't feel like that would play out well in a weekly series I was the same way. But if you think about it, it makes sense as often times in the '80s networks would port a movie over to a TV series just for a cash grab, and they'd often be terrible. Here are a few: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_%26_Ted%27s_Excellent_Adventures_(1992_TV_series) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Down_and_Out_in_Beverly_Hills_(TV_series) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferris_Bueller_(TV_series)
What doesn't make sense exactly? A wagon or a hatchback is more practical than a sedan, and handles better than a crossover. A crossover might grant you an inch or two more of ground clearance, if you wanted to do some light off-roading, but for that kind of detail, I'd opt for a body on frame SUV, like a 4Runner.
Amy Acker would have pulled it off with aplomb.
3 now.
They used to share a little baby rear axle.
Did you paint that Ford hemi orange?
Every car magazine that tested these were like "LOL, wouldn't it be hilarious if we took a city car out on the interstate immediately LOL because that'd be fucking genius LOL. None of them ran it through its paces, like getting hard to find spots in parking garages or parallel parking in San Francisco, where a car like this would be ideal.
According to all the buff books, it did just fine on the interstate, because they didn't take it around town, like it was designed to do.
He is. And the actor who portrays him is brilliant.
For me, it's about ergonomics. My headless Washburn has no neck dive, and it also doesn't hurt my own neck when I play it. I was ran over by a car 20 years ago, so I have neck and shoulder problems. That also means I'll have to sell my very heavy Ibanez BTB bass, because it tears my neck up. It plays like a dream though, I love it. :(
Function over form. I hate hitting my headstock on everything on my standard basses.
There is a standard 4 and 5 string.
Seen or played?
It's easier to avoid when you don't have an extra half a foot hanging out after the nut.
Why is a headstock so important to you? I have both styles and like both.
My headless came with a padded gig bag, but it fits in a hard case for an ukulele.
What? I play Yamaha and Washburn. The main reason I posted it is that there was a guy here a few days ago stating that he had found another Ibanez Axstar bass after his girlfriend destroyed his. I had been looking for one too, but only because I wanted a headless 5 string and wasn't able to find a rare 30 year old guitar. This fits the bill for my needs.
Another video of somebody playing one got posted today. https://youtu.be/2XtYTVegG_k?t=253
Isn't that like criticizing a movie you've never seen before? :P
Sorry if it came across that way. I was just really excited about a new line of instruments. Usually you see things like, Fender P bass reissue, but with gold machines! Then the inevitable argument ensues abut silver tuners having a more natural tone than gold plated hardware.
It was admirable. Fear Factory had one of those clunkers with Transgression, but they regrouped and came out with Mechanize. Holy shit, it's so great that they did. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flzimbVxOHI
For me it was having a background in playing classical guitar where you utilize your thumb and at least 3 plucking fingers quite often.
So, what are you saying? I wrote the post too good by providing pertinent product information and how the instrument sounds? Next time: LOL headless basses are like, weird man LOL.
Meet the real me
That's not a place I expected to get that kind of snowfall.
Glad you're back to doing these.
I'll try to be less emotive with my descriptors in the future.
Sounds like Fear Factory is in all sorts of legal woes, as they normally are. They might have to scrap the name and come back as something different. They have an album recorded right now, but they can't release it.
I used to write ad copy and product descriptions. Maybe that bled through.
It is catchy.
I just saw an Ironman edition in South Dakota a few days ago. It was in pretty decent condition.
I love how the cat doesn't give a shit.
No sounds of air cooled goodness? :(
That would be fantastic.
And here I was told my post was too informative. (??)
It's pretty difficult to be honest. I used to have a '78 Ford Farmimont that I'd practice this on. Even if I got my speed right and got my approach to the hood correct, I'd still end up hitting one part of my butt too hard on the hood, which would hurt quite a bit. Too slow and you stop in the middle of the hood, and then it clunks down and pops back up. If I did get everything right, I'd use my hand to grab the hood, near where the wipers are to slow my slide across the hood, or stop it if I need to. Get a shitty car to practice on. I used a Ford because I bought it for $300 and I also used to practice "duke boying" it into the seats with the windows down. None of it is very easy.
That sounds so good.
Unbelievable. Really stunning area.
Sounds better than the V6 in the Ford GT.
I thought Cynic broke up.
&gt; PBR I had a guy in a train conductor hat in Stillwater MN try to convince me to get a PBR because they're hot right now. I was like what? There's Surly on tap right there! I got a Furious on tap and I was happy with my decision.
It was a fun take on the Cousin Oliver trope.
I thought you meant something like this Westone The Rail at first. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mOkBocTM5g Then I read the comments and realized I'm pretty dumb.
&gt; No, it wasn't. Getting a soul doesn't mean anything. As Dawn pointed out. Warren had a soul. So did Xander when he left Anya. So did Willow when she went nuts. Getting the soul is 100% as selfishly driven as anything else these cats do. Spike's primary motivation was not to be a good person. It was to get her back. He said himself he had no idea what he was getting into. This is a great observation. When I first watched Spike go through what he did to his soul back, it felt kind of noble at first. But afterwards, it kind of felt like nothing. When he came back Buffy didn't kill him for trying to rape her. She doesn't have much of a reaction at all, other than she goes to bat for him being a great champion that everybody was skeptical about. The fakeout death scene is what cheapened the whole arc though. There had been redemption arcs on the show that felt organic, and really worked, like Faith for instance. They parallel each other in S7, and Faith's works so much better. To have Spike "die" in what seemed like a great warrior sacrifice was dulled by the fact that he got a reprisal on Angel just to be comic relief. None of it worked very well, even though I really wanted it to. It just felt kind of haphazardly thrown together.
It is an IOL Master?
I work in healthcare in the US and myself and all the providers I work with have at least 15 logins and systems that we have to use each day.
&gt; You can tell by all the triggered Spike fans here It's impossible to have a conversation about Spike that doesn't revolve around his great one liners. I mean, they are great one liners, but the rest of his characterization isn't very purposeful or well thought out. Has super creep Warren build him a Buffy sex bot, creeps on Buffy relentlessly, double crosses everybody all the time, but will defend Dawn to the death? I liked how he admired Joyce because she treated him like a man, but then he goes and works for Adam. I'll just continue to upvote the daily "out... for a walk... bitch" posts because nobody wants to engage about what a mishandled story arc he had. EDIT: don't downvote content if you're not going to engage.
Probably an Icare.
Are you on the 700 yet? If so, that's a brand new machine, should be under warranty. Might be an option to lease next time.
It would help if mods would have people flair their posts, so we know what's going on. For instance, if you're just having fun and are challenging people, flair the post with something like "trivia" or "challenge" If you are looking for a hit and run or some other kind of thing flair your post with "help" "hit and run" and please, for the love of god, tell us where you live, as that really makes a difference in figuring out what kind of vehicle bumped into your moms car last night.
Upvote for a wagon an no shitty music.
Shawn Cable is out at KSFY. Hopefully Vanessa Gomez stays on board, because she's great. I'm also happy that Jeopardy! is moving to 5 pm, so I might be able to catch it in time when I get home from work. Also, Alex Trebek is filming his last few episodes because he knows he's going to die soon. :( What a roller coaster this post is.
&gt; Buicks They are rather common in China, and also exist as an Opel in Europe and Vauxhall in the UK. Now that GM has sold that division, it'll be interesting to see what happens to Buick in China, as many of them are rebadges.
I got it on Amazon. Took a few weeks to get here. No big deal. I just thought it was interesting.
Could I interest you in a Les Paul?
I think Angel is the better overall show, but Buffy has the more epic episodes. Watch Angel. They somehow managed to take a character I could give two shits about and make him much more 3 dimensional and surround him with an amazing supporting cast.
Maximum college student attire here.
Watching some cricket?
What's the DOT stamp on those tires?
That sounds about what I did. I put the serial number she gave me on the tongue. I don't remember having to get it weighed, but it was a few years ago now. The whole thing felt like it was on the honor system, because I don't think there are a whole lot of people who go through the process of doing it.
I got some poppers in the back.
Starlee Kine *almost* got to go to Disney Land. https://www.thisamericanlife.org/259/promised-land
Her Phil Collins story was fantastic.
Two of my favorite shows.
Us bass players aren't known to be the sharpest knife in the socket.
Bro dozer problems.
Iceland must have its own Ground Hawg factory because that's about about the only place I still see them.
Is this a red shirt thing like on Star Trek?
Had an old Windows XP computer that I'd log onto to figure out which movies we were going to order on DVD when we noticed that they had a few movies to stream. Ended up streaming episodes of Sherlock Holmes with Jeremy Brett, which were fantastic. I still have the DVD ordering feature, but I don't use it as often.
Fix the rear window and it'd be pretty cool.
This guy slaps Doritos bags.
I've been working on it for a while now and am just starting to get somewhat proficient.
Xander isn't evil though, he's just an immature, jackass. He's also incredibly brave for having no powers whatsoever.
&gt; He's literal pure evil doing good things sometimes. Xander has a soul so he doesn't have an excuse when he's a jackass. Is being evil and being a juvenile jackass the same thing?
It was unfathomably stupid.
Nightwish - Ghost Love Score The bass and keyboards hold this song together, plus the vocals are something to behold. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYjIlHWBAVo
I was hoping for a Wrangler competitor with possibly better build quality. No solid front axle, so I don't care. Fuck.
There isn't any room for constructive criticism about Spike on this sub. It's really unfortunate as I think there are many layers to be deconstructed. The result will be downvotes and no further discussion.
You couldn't cosplay this?
Haha. This thing was 7 years old and Tanner was running it on spare parts out of the back of a truck as a privateer and he still beat a train of Subaru's and won the championship last year. Tells you what a great car it was and how great of a talent Tanner is.
Nice collection. Gotta get yourself a Databank too.
This is a fantastic thread. I am missing Yoshi too.
It's going to have the terrible 3.5 V6 engine they sourced from the Camry. Do not want. Toyota, please make another truck engine for the next gen 4Runner and Tacoma please.
&gt; there are 3 Camaros in this series Dang 'ol Camero
Do you wear Adidas track pants exclusively?
Ha! I wear cargo pants almost exclusively, much to the chagrin of my wife, but who also has me hold everything for her, since I have a bunch of pockets. :P
Thought I was going to see a curb stomp.
r/opisabot
Metallica. Saw them back in the late '80s and they were great. Saw them play a few years ago and they were dreadful. Lars was just awful, and Kirk was so sloppy. James and Robert were on, but overall, their performance was bad.
Heading out to Tuthill if anybody wants to go snowshoeing.
Looks like the snow slid off the roof and onto the windshield. Sure, the person should have cleaned the snow off the roof before she drove, but at least she's making an attempt.
Yeah. A Hilux.
I always liked Dawn. She has an unbelievably terrible existence which never gets better. She obviously isn't real, and is never really accepted by anybody (including fandom) except for Spike, Tara and Xander -- and if you think about it, she loses Spike and Tara. On top of that, she also loses Joyce and Buffy. It's incredible what this poor girl goes through, and she never gets a bit of sympathy from anybody. Her whole arc is tragic and very disturbing.
&gt; daycare was closed That happened to me on Friday. Everybody who I work with who have kids in daycare got a free pass. I don't have kids, so I had to show up since I didn't have an excuse.
Excellent driving on display here.
The highlight of this dud of an episode.
Good points. To add to what you've established, I see the show differently, not necessarily by quality, but by where Buffy is in her life. For that, I clump seasons 1 through 3 together, where she is a teenager tasked with fighting demons and vampires. Seasons 4 and 5 are certainly about that strange time in college when you're growing up, but aren't really sure yet. Seasons 6 and 7 compliment each other nicely about being a young adult and how difficult life can be.
S7 has the best ingredients, but it didn't get cooked long enough, in some places, but too long in others.
Through 2 and 3 feet tall snow drifts. Now my front suspension and brakes are froze into a giant ball of ice.
Can we just make that a full time thing? I hate it when people throw their cigarette butts out the window. Stop doing that everybody.
My '92 Hilux rusted in the same places. At least the frame was more sturdy than the Tacoma.
You still play with slot cars in the basement. You are pretty cool.
I really appreciate the jarring tonal shift that S4 offers. It's totally necessary to change the feel of the show from high school to college/young adult. There is a different group dynamic that the show never really regains, and I think that's totally ok.
Good on ya. Is that a Toyota Tundra? I didn't think those were sold outside of North America.
Tabloids have money to make. This will never end.
This show laid the groundwork for a band of misfits/prisoners who are forced to band together in space. Farscape certainly wouldn't have been what it was without it.
A Sahara with bro wheels and a stinger up front. Those baby axles won't last long.
Stepsides are pretty rare.
Rattle can paint job? Looks cool.
Turn 'em down and have cool side pipes.
Behind the big guy in the blue shirt. Truck is red with 5 bolt wheels.
South Dakota is desperate for teachers, but the pay isn't great.
Is that a load bearing screen in the back? I like it.
I'm always doing a rewatch of Farscape.
&gt; It's like all the people who say they'd buy a TSX wagon. Nobody did. But they decontented the shit out of it so it wouldn't cannibalize sales of SUVs. I drove one, and liked how it looked, but it only came in FWD with a 4 cylinder and a 5 speed auto transmission. That's how I ended up with a freakshow Crosstour.
I like my Elixir strings as they always sound like strings that are about a month old.
They're coated, so they are really easy on the fingers too. I love 'em.
I was in Boston years ago when the big dig was still going on, and I was able to sneak into the dig and walked around for a while. That was some crazy shit going on down there. I finally got noticed by an engineer who told me I had to leave.
In the not too distant future when vehicles are autonomous transport pods owned by mega merger conglomo corporations, we're going to be picked up by a Hummer Mustang transport pod.
I eat me? RIP?
Good never wins. Sorry. :(
Of course there was some reaction in Seeing Red, but her reaction in S7 was basically not much, followed by "Ok, Spike is the champion and the world relies on him now."
Direct link to video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW3sH5YVhn4
Maybe Toyota thought Hilux sounded too exotic or something. Let's just call it a Pickup!
It's a natural body function. He's the best.
Leaves are dangerous https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZl9l9vET44
A minivan engine would be much more realistic. :P
They really got a lot of mileage out of that character.
The daily OFAWB post. :)
It's really well done and feels organic.
It's still easier to navigate than Hulu.
This isn't considered a Databank? Does it store phone numbers etc?
I don't think I've ever heard of anything like that before. Lots of HO scale stuff hasn't changed since pancake motor design of the 1960s.
This was really fun to watch.
They're an old part of vampire lore, and are pretty fascinating. https://taylormarshall.com/2010/04/vampires-and-the-holy-eucharist.html Ironically, the vampire cannot abide the presence of the Eucharistic Body and Blood of Christ. Moreover, the vampire as an “antichrist” constantly mocks the reality of the resurrection of Christ as a re-animation of his dead body. Just as Christ linked the consumption of His flesh and blood to the final resurrection of the faithful, so the demonic vampire links drinking blood to the foul resurrection of his own body.
Mmm. My favorite onion with cheese burger on a whole wheat bun.
There's another callback to S1 when Darla bites Joyce and Buffy has to call an ambulance. It's eerily similar.
I think clownshoes are weird, but also kinda cool.
It's the high torque variant of their CVT. It's better than the JATCO units that Nissan has finally decided to phase out, in favor of the ZF 9 speed auto.
Takes me at least a few hours to rebuild an old Tject. Half the time I have to do it again.
The low profile tires was the giveaway.
It's not that unpopular of an opinion to dislike Faith. It's more common for people on this sub to dislike and hate most of the characters, episodes and seasons of the show than it is to like them. It's a strange thing.
Does Ellefson downpick all of this song?
Those same standards do not apply to Xander however.
I'd drive the hell out of this.
Police unions are too powerful.
I thought stuffy was going to be Scott Hope and Buffy :(
Always my favorite
There's an episode where Buffy is running after Dawn in front of Paddys. https://external-preview.redd.it/RifGhs5HsFd6gV4w4b0hxH4Vu5VkRACxoSDr19N8q-w.png?auto=webp&amp;s=6b3e6d8f3234c11ccd96a3b0af6015822832d841
I don't understand the OPs question.
The gang solves the vampire crisis.
Been watching Sarah - n - Tuned rebuild hers. I don't think I'd ever want to work on one.
Hood sticker says TRD, but under the hood says no TRD?
Last Toyota rep I talked to about it said they didn't want to mess with DEF and other particulate filters for the north American market. The payoff wouldn't be worth it.
I'm still struggling to get into this show. I'm on S2 now and it's all just interpersonal relationship stuff. Does that ever change?
&gt; She lets it go instantly and they move on and continue to be friends She has a history of that. After getting kicked out of her own house she comes back and moves on quickly to defeat the baddies. She pretty much had no reaction to the sexual assault by Spike.
I could tell in 2 second that the OP posts on r/earthporn
He says "You're a bloody puppet!" to Angel. https://youtu.be/LsEvKb16e88?t=96
The Chevy van is pretty cool too.
Since we're not currently playing football and we may not be in the near future, we thought this would be a good time to bring this up.
It's following the times. People like bro country for what it is. Singing songs about beer, trucks and the American flag.
Aside from the gross Cordy &amp; Connor stuff, S4 is excellent.
Because she was spying on Buffy?
Tundra and Tacoma occupy two totally different spaces size wise. The Hilux and the Tacoma are pretty similar in size, but are designed for two totally different purposes. The Hilux is a small work truck, and the Tacoma is a fun lifestyle truck.
Speaking of lifestyle trucks, I drove a Ridgeline and it was hella nice.
Very nice ride, smooth acceleration. The 6 speed auto was well sorted, but apparently it's been replaced by the ZF 9 speed for 2020.
The Honda Pilot is a nice rig.
Looks like an old airport taxi.
There's also no way he wouldn't have shown up to the wedding.
It's usually truck that I've seen fall off the lift.
This is fantastic.
It's a season that most people don't like at first, but grow to appreciate upon further viewings.
The Tacoma didn't come out until 1995.5. Before that, small trucks in the US were based on the Hiux chassis, but were called the Pickup for some reason only known to Toyota. The Tacoma was specifically designed for the north American market, with an emphasis on better ride comfort.
Yep. Just plain old Pickup. People have speculated that 'Hilux' may have sounded too foreign or exotic, but I've never found anything to confirm that.
&gt; And that's a newer version with cast wheels Something about the caste system.
Maybe I'll try watching it again. Thanks.
&gt; schadenfreude Do Russians have their own word for that?
Da
I'm going to suggest Farscape. It's a bit more sci-fi, but has a lot of similar elements to Buffy. It also features a found family who work together to overcome insurmountable odds. Lots of jokes to break things up, along with a lot of pop culture references to boot. It's also a serialized program with a long reaching arc that lasts for seasons. Also like Buffy, the first season is a bit lumbering at times, but it eventually finds its way.
A link to the song would be ideal.
This is so important to see Xander broken down in an objective manner. Thank you for doing this. It's also very enjoyable to read, as I'm on about the same episodes on my rewatch that you are.
Tori Amos knew about this years ago. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbeN7eRtdLU
He should be wearing safety glasses.
I used to want to be in the army when I was a kid, and hung out with others who wanted to be as well. We usually just played in the woods, and conducted what we thought were legit military maneuvers. One of the kids asked me to come over to his house one night, so we could do night sorties. I came over and we snuck out and he turned out to be a peeping Tom and just watched women watch TV through their windows.
What kind of injuries did you almost die from?
Guess it'll be back to having operas from 1981 recorded from a single camera again. I honestly think this is an important time to see if and how policing changes. This kind of television is one of the few windows in to police culture.
I had no idea just how racist people from Sioux Falls were until I started reading comments on KELO FB posts.
Was Ole Holter his co-driver? I met them at Sno* Drift rally a few years ago when they were out early. Traded beers with Ole out on a long stage since he was spectating too.
It was a beatifically written and acted episode. I thought her departure was really well done.
At least you have half a pizza without mushrooms on it.
Wouldn't it be the other way around since Buffy came first, or did the books come out before Buffy?
Get a table and leave it up all the time.
Honestly, that's the most fun I had was wringing out every tenth of a second with slow '90s cars.
Can you imagine the glorious smell of 2 stroke oil between bombs, blood, oil and death?
Correction: the mafia.
It looks great. I also love how weird the first season feels.
If you want to always have access to your favorite show or movie, get a physical copy of it on Bluray or DVD or whatever.
Poor Aladdin :(
Anya was a lot more fun and had better comedic timing than Cordy. That being said, they both added an element to the show that was needed.
SMG was a bit old for James Marsters. He was dating a girl in high school when he was in his late 30s.
That's pretty much it really.
I thought this was about the Fender Ibanez, which they called Heartfield. https://heartfield.guitars/
You can get a Corolla XRS with a 2ZZ-GE designed by Yamaha. It's also in the Celica and the Lotus Elise.
I hadn't, but everybody else did. :( They're cool little cars for what they were.
Take the doors off and you have a reliable Jeep.
Uh, James Marsters is a total creep. How do people not know this? He wrong a song about Michelle Trachtenberg's feet when she was 15. Like a lot of people in Hollywood, he's gross. Super talented, but gross.
A used Prius C might be a good bet.
Here is is: https://www.syfy.com/syfywire/ok-we-have-to-talk-about-that-song-james-marsters-wrote-for-michelle-trachtenberg
Is that a solid front axle?
If they had bought a BMW they could have double parked in a handicapped spot.
Had a few of these sunburns in my life, so never again. OP, you're going to feel 1000x worse tomorrow, and the blistering, OMG the blistering. I now wear long shirts and pants when I'm in a kayak.
I think S4 was effective in making a jarring tonal shift to indicate that high school was over, and this is college and things are different now. The group dynamic certainly changed and never went back to where it was in the first three seasons, which hurts a bit, but is also necessary. The show would have quickly become a retread if they tried to make it feel the same as the first three seasons, so I'm glad they went the route they did. I think the biggest change is Buffy and Willow weren't really the same kind of friends they were before, which again, I think was necessary. Willow finds her own way and her own power in S4, which I think was great. Xander is still Xander.
In the back of a Ram 3500
The downvote button is not the disagree button. Do people not know this yet? But you're right. The bickering and rivalry between Angel and Spike is fun in small doses, but the writers decide add way too much of it anyway. Spikes characterization is just all over the place. From where he started as a dangerous lunatic in his first appearances on Buffy, to the neutered contrived love interest thing with Buffy was a bit messy. Then his fakeout death, then getting ported over to Angel to be a comedic punching bag was just clunky. Xander had a much more consistent arc than Spike.
It's not Freds fault. Angel is no different than Buffy (the shows) for getting bogged down in stupid interpersonal relationship stuff at work, so I'm going to cut Fred some slack here.
Wouldn't this be a Tacoma access cab with a 4Runner grill?
That's a great perspective. I hadn't thought of it that way.
I liked Spike when they were forced to work with him to defeat Angelus. After that it didn't feel as organic, and I kind of didn't think it worked him being crammed into the main cast as well as it did when Anya was. In ways, they both have a similar background and are both forced to deal with humanity, but in totally different ways. Spike is still a demon, but has a brain chip (clunky) to he can't bite the normals. Anya is just a human now, and doesn't understand being a human, but Spike is trying to grasp spending time with humans, which, by his own admission, he likes humanity. The return of Spike after he "hurts the woman to better the man" in S7 was also just strange. He came back, and Buffy was pretty much meh about the whole thing, then announced to everybody that Spike is the champion and he is going to save the world. Then the fakeout death scene and he's back on Angel. Thematically, it just didn't work for me. Spike would have wanted to go out swinging and actually died a champions death. He didn't get that at all.
This is what my parents were like to me growing up during the Satanic Panic. But they were serious. I wasn't able to watch The Smurfs or He Man or any of those cool cartoons.
Excellent points. I'm glad you brought that up. It makes me appreciate what they were doing with his character much better.
Yes. The whole sub does. They also hate Xander, Riley, Kennedy, Angel, Willy season 4 season 5 season 7 season 7. Everybody on here here hates everything.
Make sure you're relaxed and breathing.
I'm aware. It was an issue of contention with a lot of her costars, who also found out a few months later that SMG wasn't returning to the show from a magazine cover.
It's the episode that changed everything. Everybody was on watch, nobody was safe. It hurt so bad to watch, just gutting.
Angel is our friend, but I still don't like him. I know this sub is really surfacy, but I'm glad you're digging in and doing this kind of in depth analysis about a character. Xander is a really important part of the show, yet he can be problematic at times. As your posts show, he can also be a hero -- and a creep. EDIT: insults instead of spankings. That's gold.
I thought this was the user interface on your 4Runner and I couldn't figure out what a PISTOL GRIP was.
It was suuuuper clunky. Especially considering the show already went a bit overboard with heteronormative relationships where everybody meets at work.
Just an observation, but in S1 there's some Valley Girl talk that's used bit by Buffy and background characters too. It slowly disappears and is totally absent in S2.
William had an Oedipus complex with his mother, which also manifested with Dru and to some extent Buffy.
&gt; Mother sexual or romantic about it Freudian slip there?
The AWD works until 25 mph. It's small motors powering the rear wheels, which is designed to prevent you from getting stuck in the first place.
Gets bogged down in interpersonal relationship stuff.
You didn't read that somewhere. Even if Michelle did have a crush on James, which there's nothing to suggest that she did, him writing a song about her feet is wildly inappropriate and gross.
Seizure is a pretty neat word.
I can't see the image without logging in. Can somebody write a haiku about what I'm missing?
Was it a Christie chassis? https://www.rbth.com/defence/2015/05/18/christies_chassis_an_american_tank_for_the_soviets_46135.html EDIT: Da. It sure was.
I've never seen that kind of intersection before.
I still don't understand how hateful this sub can be. It's unreal.
YES. Especially with a solid axle swap.
Is it though? The sub is saturated with hateful and spiteful posts on a daily basis. I actually went out of my way and talked to one of the moderators about it and how it was sucking up all the air in the room. She just said it was fine and not a big deal. So I don't know. People love to hate on things on the internet I guess. I wish things could be more constructive about characters and their flaws.
Who said anything about my opinion? It has nothing to do with that. Sift through a week of posts about this sub and you'll see just how many of them are dedicated to how much people *hate* things about the show.
People are most certainly allowed to *hate* things about the show if that's what they get out of the show. It's a very common theme on here. The problem with so many of these surfacy posts is that. "OMG, I HATE DAWN, SHE'S ANNOYING" and that's about it. There's lots of room for in depth analysis about problematic characters, which there is some of, and I appreciate. But most of the content here is one liners (OFAWB) and how much people hate the show. Subs become what users want it to be. This one is a hate filled depository of posts that's usually don't go into a lot of depth about anything. The few that do are great, but don't get a lot of traction.
I reeled back from that scene. Holy shit that was intense.
Do you have a source?
Just release it whenever. We've seen so much of it that it's going to be anticlimactic anyway.
Saw them play twice in the last two years. They didn't play any of their hits at all. They played a few seconds of Jerry Was A Race Car Driver, but stopped as soon as the crowd got excited. They did a bunch of noodling around, and played sorta like a jam band.
What's the model number? I want to look for one.
I was always team Scott Hope, and I think the Buffy with another vampire thing is a bit played out, but I think Holden works in this instance.
Xander stated in the first episode that he didn't like vampires. He didn't know for a long time that Angel was cursed with a soul. He's extremely consistent in that he never liked *any* vampire ever.
Naw. Like everybody else in Sioux Falls, I was driving 5 mph below the speed limit. I've given up. I'll just go slow like the rest of the drivers :(
It really did. The first few seasons the show had a pretty good chemistry to it, and the premise was fun for a while. Eventually it became a mean spirited, nerd version of Friends.
Flybee says they are scrubbing all of these videos off the internet since this is still an ongoing investigation. Haha.
This was excellent.
It was strange seeing the 2 door variants of these when I was in NZ a few months ago. I thought they only came in a 4 door. Looks cool!
She's not really meant to give you the warm and fuzzies. She's moral gray area, and can still be very entertaining. This show is littered with many redemption arcs, but I thought hers felt genuine.
I had never heard about her having problems remembering her lines due to anxiety. The whole situation sucks.
Postal Pete sold tons of them to contractor mail route drivers.
The only reason I know about that one is that I have a Tamiya model car of it in a 2 door.
It has all the right ingredients for greatness, but as a whole it feels a bit rudderless. The characterization is a bit off, the gang is essentially dismantled and Buffy acts kind of like a b-i-t-c-h for much of the season. I actually like the concept of the potentials, but it wasn't implemented very well. Andrew was a fun addition, but there wasn't enough time for an Andrew episode, even if it was one of the highlights of the season. Overall though, it had the best message of any of the seasons, and Buffy was awesome for breaking the Slayer paradigm and giving her power to the other potentials.
Giles picking up the rose.
Haha. My Casio Databank 2888 cost me $20. :) I love it!
I wonder if Ted was a sex bot.
It's totally worth it to watch the entire first season.
I think the writers went a bit over the top with his character to make him seem even more evil. Sorta the same way when they didn't know what to do with Riley when the wrote him off the show, so they had him sorta hook up with vampire prostitutes. Or whatever that was supposed to be.
I've never seen glasses screws with loctite on the threads.
Yet Hollywood insists that the rest of the country is a farm.
The Hilux is more durable than the Tacoma. :) EDIT: do you guys not know the difference between a Hilux and a Tacoma?
One of the last Crack'fails built in the US :( The dip looks really good!
I got a friend request on Myspace from somebody named January. I thought the name was stupid so I ignored it. Turns out it was some actress from Sioux Falls I'd never heard of before. I think she's famous now.
It's wholly fucked. Buffy hates herself so much that she goes out and screws the demon she hates the worst.
Adds a lot of depth to a complicated scenario. So it wasn't like Willow and everybody else decided to just kick Buffy out just because. It was a calculated decision that they made to help better their odds.
Brazil got some cool trucks.
The CSS is weird on old.reddit. I have white text on a light blue background so I can't really read anything!
Thank you!
You might also like Blake's 7 or Farscape.
But the vehicle shown is a Hilux, not a Tacoma.
&gt; What I would give to be able to enjoy this show for the first time again. Nobody seems to enjoy or appreciate S6 on the first viewing, present company included. It wasn't until I watched it a few times that I started to understand the genius of S6. It's now one of my favorites.
Don't you mean b-word? Butthole.
At least the Prius C has a normal shifter.
The way she made him squirm was great.
I think the design languages work pretty well together.
And in the next scene, Buffy and Spike fuck the walls down.
Floor enunciates everything better.
Didn't those have that twin I beam front suspension?
It's not like the show was trying to about well written mysteries. Instead it became about messed up interpersonal relationships.
I think Angel and Faith had better chemistry together.
Hey, chords are difficult man. :(
LOL that time he had a Buffy sex bot for Spike.
I don't dislike S7, it just lacks the tight characterization that bolsters the other seasons so nicely.
My theory: new show called Cordy and Dennis, where they solve mysteries in the ghost realm together.
I wonder if Spike and Buffy ever talk about the differences and similarities between her bot likeness and herself with regard to sex. What an awkward conversation that must have been.
The new Bigfoot is 2WD and has fully independent suspension. What? This rig is how it should be.
Almost looks like the NASCAR Aerocoupe, but it's not. https://journal.classiccars.com/2018/10/08/monte-carlo-aerocoupe-was-a-stock-car-racing-special/
The trail of Xander series is my favorite thing on the internet right now. Thank you for taking the time and devotion to this important topic.
Sidepipes FTW
Just to be super pedantic, it's a 1995.5 The Tacoma came out as a half model year to replace the outgoing Hilux based Pickup.
Bet it's on a day cab truck that spends a lot of its time in the city making tire scrubbing turns.
As a half model year. Not sure why I was downvoted for that
