No shit. Turns out that if you make an awesome product people will buy it. I'm sad I did a rebuild after 8 years and it was 4 months before this was released.
The 1tb inland premium with crazy speed is only about 110.
Why the eagles?
Found the Homer.
Look into H Pylori. And see if it matches her symptoms.
I wouldn't mind one of our firsts going to LB. If we can get a WR and a LB in the first, I would be happy. I think the DL is set for now as it's the best part of the D. Looking up advanced stats for our dline actually show its a top 10 unit and we got around #3 in sacks which seems crazy. If we resign Joseph our safeties are set. We really need linebackers then corners. I don't think our defence is that far off. Also, depth would help for D and Oline.
And never break stern eye contact while kissing.
People are fucking stupid.
Who knows if what they're saying is actually true. They all do what they want, and just make things up to justify their actions.
You met your wife on tinder when she was pregnant?
We earned some leway and deserve this.
Crackstreams.ga and jerseys from China.
This will break the curse.
Crackstreams.ga and sportshd.me are the two primary ones I use. They have all sports and UFC.
Eating, tripping, killing.
This entire thing is fucked.
I hope you find a partner that shares in your fish fetish.
When I was little and just learned about jerking off, I was over at a girl's house who was my same age. I went into the bathroom and saw her panties in the bin. I grabbed them and layed on the bathroom floor then started sniffing them while jerking off when I noticed a big scid mark in them. I used to jerk off with both hands and just layed the awful panties on my face and jerked to completion. I'm glad I don't have a thing for skid marks as an adult.
When ever you feel a certain way or do something because of what happened, just remember to tell yourself that it's not your fault.
You should see a doctor if its more than 3 days.
He's a wizard, Harry.
Praise the sun.
They broke the curse.
I thought even wheb it was said and done they left too much time.
Was talking to a skins fan yesterday about how good MCL is. He's a true #1 Ace WR.
I definitely through money on that +10.5 spread. The vikings moneyline was +400 but I didn't think there was a chance they would win.
You thought they looked good?
It should scare you. I firmly believe that the only teams that can beat the niners are ones with a very mobile qb. They eat teams with pocket passers for breakfast. The line is too fucking good.
I don't think it's possible for a team with a pocket passers to beat the niners. Their D line is too good.
Titans have a better chance than vikings. The niners are going to crush cousins in the pocket.
There so many stupid fucking people.
Alligators is a thing.
Of course he would. He's a big stupid baby.
Uh, there's no side, stupid.
I have money, time, and im weird.
I'm not talking shit. I will always have a white trash streak In me regardless of how much money I make. I enjoy Popeyes and red lobster.
I look for weird shit on the internet and while it may not be common, there are men who enjoy sticking their penises in urethras.
Fuck it. They should just say 7'6
Let's be real, they all suck. America cares more about making the rich richer than taking care of its citizens. They've done well by splitting most the country into two sides that both hate each other and are constantly fed bullshit on the news television and internet. The only way we will have proper change here is if the citizens unite together which, unfortunately, is something that will never happen. I don't like trump, but I love you, man.
Welcome to the Crusades of 2020.
Apple accessories. Overpriced garbage.
The wonderful thing about airpods is how easy they are to lose.
He's saying everything we need, let's hope he can deliver.
Iran is still pissed and saying they will take revenge, but I guess everything's goof now.
Yo, his wife got a dick!
Just wipe the device.
I love when they fall down like those giraffe toys you push the bottom up on.
We're hardest on things we love most.
You're not dating a man, you're dating a boy.
The burger is alright, Main question is if you toasted the cheezits?
We must combine forces and find this dog.
There's a few by me. Yelp reviews aren't great but I'll have to check it out.
15 dollars make your liver Holla.
It's because you're addicted to cornsugar.
I think a look into the parents should be necessary.
I don't know how old bernie is but if he can just live for at least 8 more years, he can die a hero. I feel like since he stands against everything the 1% love that there's no way he will get the nomination. Something will stop it.
If the vikings win, I will eat my dick.
I think you will be surprised.
Haha. Alright, take my up vote good sir.
You need some fucking therapy.
Perhaps more than that, Jim.
Ah, yes, the sweet psychosis after not sleeping for three days. I am so productive on stims I can pick all the bugs out of my face in a single fortnight.
Was it pure luck you found him?
I have a strong feeling that will end next season.
There are actually quite a few in the US but finding them might be difficult. There are large groups of them on Facebook apparently. I lucked out and she found me on the dating app. I believe there are sites where American men can meet Russian girls living in the US.
I've met many Russian women in the past two years and yes there are some that are masculine but many of them are super sexy. The masculine ones live in the countryside. She comes off as rough at first, you have to break them like a wild horse.
I agree that most American women are pretty awful, but i wouldn't be so foolish to think that every single woman is the world is too.
Don't get touched by those stone skin dudes.
You want to make fuck?
Lamar played well. His team mates dropped passes and didn't help. GO TITANS!
Im hoping that Vegas keeps not giving them credit because ive been cleaning house on these first two games.
Does this happen often there? When was the last time this happened and how bad was it?
I think you just need to move on. It sounds like your sticking around in hopes she might actually turn around and if you love her it's always going to make you compare girls you meet to her.
Fucking Necks Mcgillicuty over here.
How about human feet? This is just weird.
Now that takes some balls.
As a raider fan I was rooting hard for you guys and hollering like I was watching my raiders.
He's still going to smoke burning plastic.
That's what happens every time I smoke weed.
Thank you for telling us. We all have vices and crosses to bear.
Give it a lick next time.
Why you have such large solid shits? Opiates?
He pulled it over his head shit side in and jerked to completion before passing out.
What a shitty job.
Six months without becoming exclusive? If so that should have been a huge red flag.
You are a Plan B because she's doesn't have anything currently lined up that's better at the moment, which will of course change when she finds someone who she feels checks more boxes. She likes attention so she's gonna string you along for a bit because she's scared of having nothing at all.
You're crazy. He doesn't owe her shit. She just wants to keep him on the back burner until she find someone she thinks is better.
There was one very I dependant girl I dated for a few weeks where she would make little comments that irritated me like how my apartment was small and where bigger ones were, until I just became annoyed with her. She also could have gone to the gym which would have helped, but instead she basically said I'm fine with this and didn't really care.
Yes, if someone is into you, it's incredibly obvious all the time. Obviously, as people get older and with work it's not going to be a texting 24/7 type thing, but you always feel the interest and know it's there.
Alright, well they're not going to all work out, buddy. I know it sucks on match because their technology feels incredibly old and is in desperate need of updates and their messaging app is horrendous, I think it's one of the better options currently.
You sound young and naive. Hopefully, you learn with time, or you're setting yourself up for longing after women that will never have you. Good luck, mate.
Yes, now get on your knees, boy.
I think you meant to say pregante.
Yes, he's not familiar with establishing physical contact and slowly escalating. He jumped like 5 steps.
How are you now without it and how long has it been?
You can take the dog out of the streets but you can't take the street out of the dog
People are too fucking soft and get offended on other people's behalf. I guarantee that he could care less about what was said and everyone else should shut the fuck up. I'm sick of all this outrage bullshit. Find something better to do with your time.
Really putting the carriage before the horse there.
Even though that's 100% advice guys dating need to follow. Some people just deny shit that's fact. There's nothing that will turn a female off more than coming across as Needy, especially, in the early stages of dating.
You sound like an incredibly down to earth woman. You, I like.
Let's not pretend a chunk of feminists mearly want equality when it suits them.
Yea, it will take a bit of time. I took suboxone for 5 years which is an incredibly strong, long lasting opiate used to get people off oxy and heroine. It was incredibly difficult and took about a year of tapering down. You're already out of the worst of it and it only gets better from here. I know how great Kratom is in how you can take it and don't mind working and it's a nice little kick in the ass.
2.5 years.
I had a date with a girl who posted 2 year old pictures from before her relationship that had just ended. The person that showed up was barely recognizable. She looked great in the pictures and when she showed up she looked like a female version of barney from the Simpson. She had a huge gut and was at least 40 pounds heavier than the pictures. That was a real treat.
You sound like r/hapas Get some confidence, it will go a long way.
Well said. You have something he lacks and desperately needs... Confidence.
Just go for it and if the connection is real, one of you can relocate closer, maybe somewhere in the middle. You're both young though, so nothings for certain.
Maybe date older more established guys? It comes down to personality a lot. Are you rubbing it in their faces? If not it's very possible you're intimidating to guys your age who haven't done shit for themselves so far.
They're not the brightest. You can easily see the price of vaccines.
No, capitulism good socalism bad, hur hur.
Yes, so can every other fucking thing, unfortunately.
Is that what you learned from fox News?
It's so refreshing to hear everything in your last two replies because it's 100% true. Society is trying to make men more women like and women more men like and I really think it's doing a huge disservice to both. After I divorced and started dating for the first time in my life, I didn't start having success until I started putting out more masculine energy. It's plain and simple, clear as fucking day. There is nothing that attracts women more than a fucking man being a man. Sure, there are some women that prefer to wear the pants but that is a very small percentage. You sound just like my girlfriend and I love it. She is not American.
But I would bet that your body looks different.
r/hydrohomies
If he still looks exactly the same after going to the gym for six months, he's doing something wrong.
Hi daddy.
WE GOT A BLEEDER!
How could you let it get this fucking big?
It's okay, I can't hold myself up on the monkey bars for more than a second. Get the camera out and watch this shit.
You should find someone less fucked up and capable of being in a relationship.
He knows that sloths taste like shit.
Let's make love. *wiggles eyebrows*
Woo woo. I kinda want to kiss you on the mouth right now.
Hello everyone. Love the sub and hoping things can turn around in 2020. I wish you all luck.
Remember when music had people actually playing instruments together live at the same time with talent? Instead of someone putting a basic beat together on a keyboard and then having someone auto tune over it?
I appreciate slipknot and used to be into that music when I was younger but it's not what I like listening to anymore. The first band I loved like then was Pantera. I still listen to their stuff on occasion but I'm an older gentleman now. Thank you though, mate. I hope 2020 is a great fucking year for you.
It doesn't mean it's fucking good. Show me something good then because I haven't found any. If it's a band with a guy singing about how a girl doesn't like him and bullshit like that you can leave it out. What have you got? I'm willing to listen.
Godamnit man. I'm an older guy, I know the who is good. I'm talking about where is music made today that compares to anything from that time. Good taste though.
Something that rocks, but not metal.
An entire book?
*wiggles eyebrows*
You're rich.
No, even while shes getting yelled at all she can think about is how she got her revenge on him and there is nothing more important than that.
Yes, if I cheat she will leave. If I stop paying attention to her, she will leave. These are normal things that cause relationships to break down.
Sounds like it could possibly be H Pylori. My lady has this and just kept slowly losing weight until her stomach got so bad she couldn't tolerate any food and she wasn't really eating much less. Got tested which came out positive, she went through the treatment and is now good, but couldn't work for two weeks while on it. The testing is very easy and I would highly recommend you do this. She was also experiencing pain in the same areas as you, but till after she started the treatment.
If you read studies, the dose you should be taking is around 300mcg. When taking such large doses, you will shut off your bodies ability to produce melatonin and it really doesn't do much in the large doses.
Eczema or dermatitis.
I remember my mom teaching to drive a stick. After thinking I had it down we went to pull onto a main road where I proceeded to pop the clutch with the gas way too far down because I didn't want to stall into traffic. We ended up on the curb and I got a good scream out of her. If anyone's wondering, it is possible to peel out in an 86 Toyota pickup 4-banger.
I think there are a few key thing needed which I think they forgot. The primary one being enough salt.
I couldn't even imagine teaching a teenager how to drive an automatic, let alone trying to teach them how to fucking drive a stick. This is all based on me thinking about the fun it would be teaching my GFs 17 year old daughter. I think there would be a decent chance of injuries.
I rode dirt bikes a little before as well so I had the concepts down. It was translating it to my feet and hands. The first time on a dirt bike I shot it out from under me like a rocket. Good thing you didn't fish tail and hit the cop.
In the US, you just need a permit.
Yea, usually with drugs that work on Gabba, you need a doctor supervision to get off without seizures. Bad shit, good luck.
One of my best friends had a 87 toto pickup. Those things are literal tanks. I can remember at least 6 times hearing the engine running rough where I checked the dip stick and it was clean as a whistle.
I actually am a therapist.
The only issue I had was driving one day and while shifting the gear stick pulled out of the box and I was just holding it. Luckily I was going downhill at the time. That could have been due to my step dad trying to kill me though.
I had a good friend who was in an 87 and it was much nicer than mine. It was incredibly reliable and often I checked oil levels to see nothing on the dipstick. Outside of the time the gear shifter pulled out of the box, it never left me stranded.
You're the kind of guy that wouldn't know what fun was if it filled your mouth full of hot diarhea after a long night of drinking.
I don't know how old you are, but there is so much scarier goodness in the world than that. If you're lucky, you won't ever have to see it.
I'm just trying to be born and I'm way in the back. Tell daddy to push and get your head out of the gutter before I fuckin die in here.
Someone needs a vacation. It appears to be getting to you more than normal today? Have another drink.
As long as it's not an AB.
Ferrell is going to be fine. Our D line is actually a strength, which sounds weird to say. Outside of depth pieces, we need corners and linebackers more than anything
Turkey is trying to be more like the middle east?
Yes and as a QB draftee, it would be in your best interest to get to a team like the raiders who have some weapons and a line that won't get you destroyed.
Incels everywhere flock to turkey in hopes of securing brides.
I will get the demons out with my penis and potato salad.
Do not speak poorly of our dark lord.
He's clearly burned out and it can happen to all of us, I know how he currently feels. I once got so burned out from a job in IT I just quit and took 3 months off work. When I thought of working again it made me feel sick. It took around 3 months before I wanted to get back in. Been going for three years now and I feel much better. I did take a three week trip to Australia which helped a lot.
It made me want to vomit. She was pulling what looked like ramen out of the sewer. No wonder they have so many disease outbreaks there.
Now they just do other disgusting things to create Coronavirus.
Its okay BB. You will heal with a little time. The one thing I did that I believe helped a lot; If a friend or aquantence said they wanted to do something or a trip had come up, I always said yes. This is how I ended up going to Australia. I did so much in that three month time it was crazy. Sitting at home isolating yourself might feel good, but it will help more to go outside and do activities.
Is fire, I know.
If it involves leaving the house, it's good.
I had friends going for a wedding. After the wedding they were staying for a couple weeks and doing a trip down the east coast. I'm great company so they asked me to go and it was a blast. I had enough money to go, then enough money after I got back to last a month before I was homeless.
What if you took a week off between jobs?
He's the best candidate we've had in a long ass time.
Oh, that just happens when you get older.
I like how I'm automatically now part of the KKK for saying that reddit has become too pc. You automatically go to racism when that's not even what I'm talking about. The most ironic thing I've learned in the last two days is that the most fragile redditors consist of the subs here. I don't support Donald trump either, which I'm sure you also assume.
You get a meteorologist.
I have a cat with a similar background who was also deemed unadoptable. I asked them to put her in the one on one bonding room so I could interact with her outside of the cage. When they went to move her she screamed like a banshee and when they released her into the room she wanted to kill me. After 30 minutes I just told then to pack her up and I would take her home. It's been about five to six years and she is very moody and quite bitchy at times she's also very sweet. All cats have a pet meter, everytime you pet them it goes down and once it reaches zero they start to try and bite you or run away. Hers is very fucking small. If we leave for a couple days and come back her pet meter doubles in size by the day and she almost seems like a normal cat. In the morning when I wake up she does this to me until I pet her and then she rests her head in my arpit. She's a bitch, but she's my bitch.
I'm confused about that sub. Its for people that are bi?
Well, thus is the intelligent way to use sarms. I have never had really any issues using ostarine and lgd this way. I would do a small pct after even though I felt fine
There was one lady who was starting to have symptoms and decided she couldn't miss a dinner in France or something and managed to get on the plane.
If you're Chinese.
I havent given a fist bump or high five since grade 4.
No wonder the son turned out so well.
They could have at least used some quality flex tape.
This is primarily why I drink and why alcohol is legal.
Or a slave.
Yes, it is. While at the store today I bought a big bottle of this triple ale from Europe that's nice and strong so I have something to drink while shaving and listening to a podacast.
What do you win? It has to be more than that fuckin cheese wheel.
FUS RAH DO
You seem like the kind of person that has high blood pressure. Relax, it's not good for you. What's the difference between Elvis and a literate Donald Trump supporter? Elvis has been sighted.
I would get something like spicy beef instead.
There's been some good info recently on excersizr helping depression and broccoli sprouts being as effective as some of the strongest antidepressants. You should probably look into it.
India hasn't progressed as quickly as we would have liked. They might stone her for this.
It's like Minnesota is the wall they can't seem to get over in the playoffs. He has to go one more year. I don't like seeing these old doggies hanging up the cleats.
I this is how they get stuck in trees.
I don't know about that. The owl has to land at some point where the cat will get its feet and claws on something solid where it will then let the claws out and seek vengeance for the unwanted relocation.
Well, you see, he's a crazy person.
Earthquakes in the 6-6.9 range aren't shit. Once they get into 7.0+ range is when it starts getting scary. Am Californian.
We have to defend against the next crusade.
They don't give a fuck about the amendment. America has become everything the founding fathers were against.
You guys fuck?
I think the time has come to unsub from this garbage.
I'm in IT and I despise ATT. They are such a garbage company. It takes forever to get anything done "currently on month 2 of simply trying to get a single number added to a hunt group" its like the departments are unable to communicate with each other. I steer all clients away from them because it's an absolute nightmare to deal with them. My worst ISP experiences are with ATT.
Once the theaters started selling good beer is when it became a problem.
I will remember that trip until I die.
375 now? Holy shit. That's just crazy.
Give them nips a twist.
I would fucking die.
I think there's an alien on the loose that hatched from his nuts.
Gotta love the fucking name.
I've heard that it's harder for them to eat spicy food. It's more painful.
That is a fact. Your friend is a pussy though because I have something similar and still eat spicy shit.
You should find a different dentist.
Good for them. Fuckin hell.
A little too much off the bottom.
He can't stop jerking it to the thought of her toothpick legs.
Less QQ
The pill isn't the greatest thing ever. I've seen it completely fuck up many girls. I'm pretty sure that it was what ended one of my relationships. She became a fucking crazy person. Foundation, nail polish, perfume are all chemicals your putting on your body. I don't know about the rest of the shit.
There should be no question because that's high quality content.
My Nana, who clearly knows what's good.
It's too cheesy to me. Like something you would see on network television. I also like how he's a sick fuck, yet casting judgment as though what he does is completely normal.
Reggie Nelson?
Which is also why the two corner backs we drafted are excellent at tackling.
Is this HB?
I'm an addict with barely enough self control to keep it at bay.
How long until shit starts burning in HB?
It's almost like they believe and like what they see. I could have sworn Maxx got one months ago.
High character, high floor, love football.
The guy that said he wasn't into dicks might be lying.
Gotta drum up some business.
Now, I'm going to oder a drone strike.
I love how people are saying that it's antifa doing all the looting and rioting.
Still blaming antifa and the cops for the looting? I'm just going to say that I've seen more than antifa looting and it ain't even close.
Married at first site. I don't even watch TV but since quarantine I have been sucked in.
You can also put looters under racism. They're both retarded.
Mass molestation.
We had sex.
Are you familiar with David Wilcocks YouTube channel?
It's a portal to the netherworld. That shit ain't cheap.
None of that no-knock shit.
I know it's hard to believe but not everyone in here likes our turd of a president.
The way this years going I have a feeling we're going to get a big one before 2021.
That's my dream and a Californian.
I miss living in Rancho. It was one of my favorite places to live. The only thing that bothered me was the lack of places to eat. The thing that didn't bother me was that there is some really good Mexican food there.
I know, I was making a joke. People in here seem to have a good sense of humor and it can often times be dark. I've heard it comes with the territory.
I can't even watch people cave diving. Squeezing through these little areas under water.
Oh, you mean before I was born?
Democrats saying we have to stay inside to stop the spread. Now look at what they're doing. Let's not pretend only one side is stupid.
I've been drinking but I tried.
This sums it up better than I can because I've been drinking. https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
Boom, mic drop. https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
You don't even know what you're putting your life on the line for. This is a game and we're all the pawns.
I know this is going to sound off, but if you get this meal and it doesn't blow your mind I will pay for the plate. M&amp;C Sports Grill. It's a hidden gem In Rancho and I honestly think it might be a money laundering front. It's a big place and it's never packed. Theyre tucked in a corner of Rancho, never have huge crowds and yet have some of the best Mexican food you will eat south of LA. They have the best Carnitas I have ever eaten in my life and I have eaten Mexican food all over Cali and Mexico. It's served bone-in and is fucking amazing. It will feed two unless you want to go piggy style and it's only around 16 dollars. Just get extra tortillas and ask for the habanero salsa. The regular salsa is very good, it just doesn't have that kick. If you don't love it I'll venmo you 20 bucks. This isn't for people who think Chipotle is good Mexican food either. This is legit Mexican food. Spread the word, I have a friend who loves this place as much as me and we make the drive down just for the carnitas. It reminds me of my grandma's cooking. If you don't know what authentic Mexican food is, don't waste my time.
Oh, it started going the other way.
We're you hoping it was his penis?
If you didn't know it's there you would have never found it. The only way I found it was off yelp and only went there because everywhere else was closed.
I like tits and ass and feet. I don't know why I like feet, it's kind of weird. Not all feet, lots are really nasty.
That's some flat earth level shit right there.
I'm sorry, there was a coincidental malfunction of my body cam while I murdered this person.
That same women talks about how she's a feminist.
Hopefully there are some left after all this bullshit lotting.
You should the one from the bedroom.
Yes, very productive.
Fixed that for you.
I feel like it should pay more.
He came into a situation and a team that was seriously lacking talent and depth. He then traded two of our best players so that he could set the team up moving forward. Draft strategy is high floor, high character guys who love football. We have rookies getting tatts of the raiders logo which says a lot. This will be the first year we have an actual decent football team with depth. I think we're going to finish with around 9 wins, but it's next year I think is when they will start breaking out.
He has a great podcast called : The Rad Dude Cast.
There's probably idiots that think so.
I thought it was death from tonsil removal, wisdom teeth are fine. Depending on how compacted they are is going to depend on the pain. If they're rooted deep into your haw it's going to feel like someone just kept kicking the side of your face until they came out. I couldn't open my jaw more than an inch for a week while the other side didn't hurt at all. You will get pain meds which help.
The ghosting most people have a problem with is after a few dates and then nothing. Or after a few months, then gone. If you tell them you're not interested that's all you need to do.
If you don't completely agree with the echo chamber you're clearly far right.
Yes
Its actually not. It's looked at as divisive within BLM, which is why they spend so little time discussing or doing anything about it. They only protest when a crime happens with racism involved, which they absolutely should. They need to move BonB crime to the forefront as well, instead of just acting like it's not a problem or an issue that's worth their time. It can't be BLM if it only matters sometimes, it should be all-encompassing.
Squashing rioter and turning them over to the police isn't addressing BonB crime. I think you're the person that needs to look into things with your thumb and your internet.
I haven't seen it yet but this isn't helping how much I hate Stephanie.
It's something that has happened and alway will happen. Just look at the influencer videos we've been seeing of people getting out of their car to take a picture at the protests then driving away. That lady who borrowed a drill so she could take a picture before getting into her Mercedes.
Someone posted it as a reply to my comment, bud.
That had to have gotten green lit by more than one person.
His captor keeps getting bladder and kidney infections.
Good on her. Wink
What? What the the fuck is a vagina? Is that some sort of sea monster?
Haha! Tell that to my dick, son.
High-five.
Patrice O'Neil.
It will never stop.
Oh, a test. I will go see sapply.
I am the stealth master.
That is true. They should be castrated.
But asking for equal attraction and submitting this photo is just stupid.
BLM protests getting crazy
If we look at the overall data for the US and then take into account that places are seeing 3/5 people who test positive do not show symptoms this entire thing starts to look quite overblown. If you get it AND you show moderate to severe symptoms you have a 99.5% chance of living.
I don't like Rollercoaster.
I'm a fucking retard I used my stimulus check to buy a cheap vacation.
I would prefer cum eater flair.
Can we somehow bat signal this into the sky?
Now let's eat some philipino prostitute shit.
That's so disgusting. Thank you.
Oh, yes mother. You're baby boy is hungry for your warm breast nourishment.
Why didn't you draw the blood tubes? /s
Because no one is at the casinos?
That gave you ptsd?
There's so many different ones and they're all wonderfully weird.
Karen goes REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I've eaten at a Michelin star restaurant and it was one of the worst meals I have ever had.
Louis Ck checking in.
Yep, and when it hits absolute bottom you can cash out your 300 dollars and buy a gun that comfortably fits in your mouth.
Get a hooker with the 300 then first.
Liberals are funny. First it was the metoo# until Bidens allegation of sexual assault. Then it was them saying we have to shut down the economy, stay home while they shit on people not going along with it. There is nothing more important than saving lives from covid! Next day they're gathering by the thousands to protest. They love to talk about hypocrisy, but only while pointing their finger at anyone but themselves.
Defund the DEA please, it's become very clear the war on drugs is a fucking joke. Make drugs legal and tax them.
You're saying they're how much better? A little? 100% better? Do you think the Republicans are just incredible and can do no wrong?
Very good. What are the important areas to you?
You can put your lips around his penis next time to prevent pee from getting the floor or the bed wet.
I'm not wearing a mask for the next year.
I wonder what caused this? Could it be the same people who said that there was nothing greater we could do than stop the spread then went out protesting thousands of people deep?
Just like everything else.
That's a win for him.
Im good now. My 20s were a bit of a mess.
I'm sure it's that too.
Trump has done a shit job since the start for sure. Everything's about to kick up from the protesting.
I have a friend who works at a bank and the PPP was a joke. It was a first come first serve with zero over site. The requirements were basically having a business checking / savings account.
Are you forgetting the hundreds of thousands possibly millions of people that have been protesting? I'm sorry, I forgot, the liberals are complete hypocrites.
It's been around 10 years, shes probably got no meat left. :/
I prefer grill and chill where we fuck on a piping hot barbeque and then hold hands in the hospital while they treat our burns.
He said if he flushed the drugs down the toilet they would appear back in his pocket and you let him do it? You think a court will believe that?
You should probably go have a talk with everyone you know who was protesting since they're about to be responsible for the huge next wave. I've been working from home the last two months and barely going anywhere. We're you one of the protestors by chance?
I'm going with the poster is atheist.
I do, I'm just sick of it. I'm sorry about Nana.
I just flossed my teeth right now and it was almost subconscious. I didn't connect the this post and that until I had finished.
Interesting. My employer doesn't provide dental, I just pay 350 a month for some super shit insurance.
Everyone in here has different ideologies and we all just circle jerk each other for a laugh and it's often self deprecating. Why is it so hard to make this happen everywhere else?
Bad bot.
I enjoy your work with the shutter speed.
He's healed.
They do a great job of making both sides hate each other.
Don't eat that, it will cause covid-20.
Did you know they make kitty toupes?
My man! How about we take out some men women and children in a foreign country over some BBQ and cold beers? I'll do the cooking and you just bring some wine and beer? Bring the lady so we can talk business. Ain't the US government grand?
SHARK TOOTH!
Looks like big bear.
Ah yes, silence is now racism. Smfh.
How the fuck did you manage to pull this out of the post?
Everything is offensive now to liberals.
Is that Sinbad? Why does he look like he wants to cry?
It's funnt that anyone thinks these rich people or corporations give a shit about these things. Everyone just picks the side they think will win.
Anyone that thinks the government looks out for and cares for the citizens is incredibly naive.
I fixed it.
What does it smell like?
You're a racist nazi would have been more accurate.
Has anyone brought up the simple logic that there aren't any black people that live there? Do they want to bus them in from the intercity?
Definitely real. If I had a nickel for everytime I setup a camera perfectly and had mom fall and throw a pie in her face I could retire already.
I love a whopper with no pickles no tomato heavy onion and no cheese.
She's dead.
I'm not digging through the pages of that site. If I go check later and find it I'll post it.
No, he came. I don't know how, but she was smashing his dick and rubbing it with her heel while blood was coming out.
Lots of protestors weren't wearing masks and social distancing.
All current media is a joke. Doctors say to stay home and social distance unless you need to protest.
My uncle said if I told anyone we would both get in trouble.
Peaceful protesting.
Even if you're wearing mask I doubt it matters when your chest to back with people.
If animals didn't want to be eaten they should be less delicious.
So we decided to keep our relationship a secret and were now expecting in October!
It was a joke. Dur.
Of course and the more you drink the dumber you become.
My cock is so hard it's turning purple and leaking BB.
These people acting like they don't need bone glow.
I wish I had a backyard.
Those are two very entertaining subs.
It's rediculous to think any of these celebrities or corporations give a shit about anything. They just pick the side they think will win.
Bidens isn't looking so hot either. We're stuck with two shit choices.
M
L
He had to have felt him digging in there.
Keep feathering it.
Next were going to hear that pedophilia is just progressive.
I don't understand how a casino fails.
Yes. Craps is the best for gamblers and its also the most fun. It's also why you're not allowed to have a chair at a craps table.
What's his name got lucky playing with fireworks.
So he should be in front of a BBQ?
I managed to fly to that shit hole on accident for an early quest. Almost quit the game.
Some people have a weird athleticism where it looks like they're not putting in 100% effort yet still kill it.
Yea, shits fucked.
How much fun would it be if that started playing when people come into your hideout?
My T-Mobile service is fucked to the max right now.
David Wilcock is a fraud.
This is after one of her only fans vids.
Did you see the company that was posting the crushed pepper ads? They make some good shit though a little pricey.
No disgusting. It goes great on all pasta even Macaroni pasta and potato salad. You can put it on everything.
Do pictures like this make anyone else salivate?
I feel confident that's no the same guy. This guy is like 20 years younger.
I'm moving all my money into marmalade.
Why are you supporting a cam girl? What are your reasons behind it?
They're also putting flu deaths as covid and who knows what else.
I'm American and sparkling water is a treat. It's like a soda for me.
I have this for you. https://youtu.be/W-Y4wCDPQ8U For people wondering: I believe he's embellishing for humor, but honestly feels this way.
When I saw everyone in here complaining it reminded me of this fucking guy. https://youtu.be/W-Y4wCDPQ8U
To everyone in here complaining about sparkling water. https://youtu.be/W-Y4wCDPQ8U
I'm already feathering it mommy.
Car dentistry is the way of the future.
Liberals are the ones complaining the most.
Correct. No longer allowed to even try to have conversations about it without being called a racist or a nazi. You question anything liberals will call you a racist nazi. It's the equivalent of the Trump 2020 bullshit.
Playdoe mama. That's lil cellulite.
The buy your perfect woman part made me laugh.
C
A
You're the crazy girl that parents and friends warn guys about. You need therapy more than anything because your brain doesn't work right. You don't know if he's the one and do him a favor and just go.
My lady's biggest fear is spiders crawling into her vagina while she's sleeping. This picture didn't help with that.
It looks like it just ate a lemon.
An odd spot is two girls you're dating showing up to the same place you're at. You're an addict spiraling down and lying to yourself that it's not as bad as it seems because it feels so good. Drugs don't work themselves out stupid.
I'm not into coddling and I don't know who the fuck you are, but I've been where you are now, and I've been one step away from losing everything because of it. You're being stupid, you know you're being stupid. If you continue where you're going you will ruin your life. You should be telling yourself much worse things everyday with the way you're going. Which phase are you at? Are you where you're still lying to yourself so you can continue getting high? Are you entering the phase where you know you're fucking up and hate yourself for it? Are you at a place where you know you're fucking up and want to quit but realize you're in for a rough road or have you completely given up, don't care and want to go into a full tailspin? You clearly have no one in your life who knows what the fuck is going on or you've isolated yourself from everyone so they can't see what the fuck you're doing, which allows you to continue. Figure your fucking shit out already. If you can't do it alone go find an addiction medicine specialist or something. Fuckin hell.
Can you provide a link for this? I can only find the one for 2018 where it shows high 40%. I can't find anything for 2019 on FBI. Gov.
Let's not forget about cocaine VS crack cocaine and how crack is somehow deemed so much worse, which is fucking stupid.
Must be a lot of pollen in the air today. My eyes are watering up a bit.
I thought that Space Force had launched and I missed it.
I thought Private Piles was dead.
This card is going in the books as one to remember. I thought they were all gone.
Oh I just thought everything posted here was cringe since that was the sub name.
I can't read.
That's gay.
I feel we got off on the wrong foot. Let's make love.
That was with a terrible WR squad as well. Next season with Ruggs, we're going up.
This is coming out of China for sure.
F
Don't worry, it will.
Even with a defense ranked in the middle it makes our team so much better. How many times have we watched our 4th quarter lead turn into a loss because the other team just drove down the field like nothing to win the game. I think our defense is going to impress, we have a bunch of young hungry guys who want to prove something. I'm expecting a lot more turnovers as well. I do think there's a chance that we could be a top ten if everything goes right, but top 15 is more realistic. When was the last time we had a D that wasn't ranked bottom 5?
I used to take benadryl for years in order to fall asleep and since reading about possible links to alzheimers I now avoid it at all costs. What were we talking about again?
I would be hard pressed to find any of my friends who would have turned her down back then. This is like a huge fantasy for guys. Men and women are different.
Men and women are not the same. Why is this so hard to understand? I know everyone now wants to think they're the same thing but that is not and will not ever be the case.
Men or women?
Fuckin Graham cracker jaw.
Sure just let the female to male compete in UFC.
I bet if I dug in my ass long enough I could find a dollar fifty.
That's a totally normal photograph. Stop being weird.
That's just the new 5G.
Liberals want nothing more than to control how people think and act. If you disagree in any way you're deemed a racist which is the equivalent of the retarded Trump 2020 that Republicans like to say. I'm a Democrat who is becoming more disgusted by young liberals daily. Never go full retard.
Happy cake day. You're tits are so big they could cure all the starving children in Africa.
Well, there's comfort with kid fucking priests.
High, eyma cat touw.
Is this your first day on reddit?
Thank you.
Don't get me wrong the fat right is just as awful. Reddit is just more inundated with liberals.
I prefer retard, retard.
Well, send me his fucking number you tease.
I have two in my computer monitors. End of times is coming. Be prepared friend.
You bash your little toe on furniture twice a day.
Supercells are also what spawn tornadoes. You can see it has a tail which is air that's being sucked into the storm.
That goes for protestors as well?
They should really just take the fucking year off after starting covid.
As a man whos had a penis his entire life I can tell you that some of then are not placebo. Have you actually tried a bunch of different ones or are you just talking out of your ass? I'm not talking about what's legal I'm telling you that some of them work which you're denying.
For sure, it's a great sign of compatibility for children. My lady likes to stick her nose in my chest hair and sniff around like a pig looking for truffles.
More boner pills than you can shake a stick at.
Happy Father's day.
You think he practiced for a week with a five pound weight before his appearance?
What are you doing in mother son incest subreddit?
Till his feet freeze or until he completely lost his mind?
The traffic?
Thicc Boi. As if he could even get that ass in a flower.
She faked a side kick and then threw it to the head and it worked really well.
Super gay.
Yea, but fucking kids is just the way of the lord.
Nature is fucking terrifying.
If I practice stretches can I do this eventually? I was thinking something similar to the guys that strap cinder locks to their balls.
Are you really taking the owners side?
It's called ephebophilia or something like that when someone is attracted to people in the 16-19 range.
That is a nice looking piece.
We see you clapping.
I can't think of anything more childish than being offended by a statue.
Congrats. Alcohol can be quite a monster.
What the fuck show is this?
This is partially true.
He was shocked because he didn't know that was an option then he quickly left before he became dessert.
Now they just break the souls of young boys with alternative methods.
You could just say misinformation. It goes way beyond just climate change. Our world's are filled with propaganda.
He should have added no self awareness.
Turns out it's good for kids when their parents stick around and properly parent. Interesting.
You have to start small.
I don't agree with that. Saying all of something is racist is stupid. We can point things out though, yea?
There goes my trip to Spain.
Apply for citizenship is what I would recommend.
Tim the Toolman Taylor.
What is PDL?
I can't read.
Says who? If you have close friends this should be normal. If all you do is come over and whine about your problems all the time then no one wants to hear about that. We already have girlfriends.
Because reddit thinks that there is no difference between men and women.
A woman if intoxicated can't consent to sex. A woman if I toxicated will be charged with a DUI and held responsible. Why don't they want the first one changed? I doubt they would want the first example overturned for equality.
Sure, let me go rob some people and claim protest then.
I've seen hours of videos since this all started. Let's not pretend it's only white people making them look bad.
Have you seen the looting videos? It would be rediculous to blame only white people.
I prefer bizarro world.
I remember when I was young and naive. Ah, those were the days.
It's pretty funny. What kind of person puts that on their car? Oh, wait, Its a 20 year old liberal.
Erma Gerd it's spurks murth.
I get what you're doing, but come on man.
It's okay, friendo.
I know the girls getting fucked by a sea monster, but we gotta blur the pussy guys.
I know, right? Doesn't even have a retirement account at 40.
I want to see more of him.
I'm not the leading authority of anything, but I feel confident that's not how it works.
The part I don't understand is that in the content policy it was stated that they want people to feel safe. Everyone was safe, the people who were offended were the ones who actively go out of their way to find things to be offended by.
With both sides honestly.
No one cares.
It's a miscarriage.
I'm so tired of this shit.
Those were two solid punches. Homeboy was expecting some limp wristed slap.
A good punch can stop your brain from working correctly. Now imagine starting with his brain.
He doesn't look thrilled.
