Leveling was good, the zones look nice, the raid and dungeons are fine. I like the concept behind the Island Expeditions and Warfronts, especially the first. Implementation was lacking, but I appreciate that they're trying new things in general, and the concept behind these two things had potential. They just need some tweaks to the implementation and more/better rewards. We're getting eight new playable races in one expansion. Sure, they aren't all available yet, but four were available at launch and two more were within 4 weeks or so. Eight is as many as were in vanilla. The most we got in any one previous expansion was two. To put it another way, that's a lot. Yes, it's weird and annoying that we have to unlock them, but still, just the fact of getting eight at once is impressive.
These two guys walk into a bar. You'd think one of them would have seen it.
Leveling was good, the zones look nice, the raid and dungeons are fine. I like the concept behind the Island Expeditions and Warfronts, especially the first. Implementation was lacking, but I appreciate that they're trying new things in general, and the concept behind these two things had potential. They just need some tweaks to the implementation and more/better rewards. We're getting eight new playable races in one expansion. Sure, they aren't all available yet, but four were available at launch and two more were within 4 weeks or so. Eight is as many as were in vanilla. The most we got in any one previous expansion was two. To put it another way, that's a lot. Yes, it's weird and annoying that we have to unlock them, but still, just the fact of getting eight at once is impressive. [Here's more](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/a277o6/is_there_anything_that_anyone_likes_about_bfa).
&gt;what did legion have that bfa doesnt. More RNG. There were people who did world tours of Mythic+0 dungeons and all the LFR they had time for even though they were in raid gear, just for titanforges and legendaries. People think they don't want that stuff, but they do.
&gt;you too are mistakeing a lack of reward with a lack of content and the same argument i just made applies to you as well. No I'm not. I'm happy with BfA. There's some room for improvement, but I'm not one of the people whining about it all the time, and I'd definitely say that "stuff to do", i.e. not enough content, isn't its problem at all. Blizzard can't please everyone, that's all.
BfA comes with a boost, if they're eager to see the new stuff. Other than that, just enjoy leveling. Your friend might actually like the storylines, especially below 60 and above 80. Or spam dungeons together. It's not as fast as it used to be but it's still reasonably efficient. Or make a DK, level from 55 to 70, and make a DH, which starts at 100, effectively skipping 85 levels.
I don't know, but the difference is pretty tiny anyway. The base game is now free with a subscription. Subscriptions cost $15 if you pay for one month at a time or less if you pay for more at a time. There is very rarely (never?) a sale price below that for a subscription. The base game includes everything except the current expansion. You could pay $15 and play up to level 110 and decide if you want to pay for the 110-120 content.
The [Questionably Epic addon](https://questionablyepic.com/mythicplus-addon/) shows you a fair amount of detail on trash abilities in the game.
Just to finish the Alliance storyline, so that I'm up to date when the next bit is added. Currently done two zones' achievements and at 4/8 with Stormsong. That's it. Already exalted with all factions on my main. I still don't have AOTC and hope to get it before the patch, but the deadline for that is later than the day the patch hits, so I won't lose any sleep over it. My Dark Iron dwarf is the character I've been playing the most these days and he's currently 96, but there's no particular deadline to get to 120. I don't have anywhere near enough Seafarer's Doubloons to buy the mount, but again, there's no hurry.
The quest to start the Suramar storyline is called A Magic Message. Should pop up as soon as you ding 110. You might have to enter Dalaran and/or go talk to Khadgar to get it. That teleports you to Suramar and starts the long quest chain. After you finish that, or very close to the end of it, you can start the Insurrection storyline, which is the actual requirement for the allied race. Along the way to completing those, you should get most of the rep you need.
Is there a beginner's guide to Pawn somewhere? Everyone recommends it or something similar if you want to minmax, and I felt like my DPS was holding me back, but it seems to raise more questions than it answers. Three particular questions come to mind. 1. I have three rings, all ilvl 370: Murky Cerulean Signet, Band of Certain Annihilation, and Lord Waycrest's Signet. No matter which two I have equipped, it says that the third is an upgrade. This is unhelpful. 2. It often says that items with sockets are upgrades even if they're 30+ ilvls behind what I already have in that slot. I gather that a socket is valuable because of the value of a primary stat gem. I'm not sure but I think it shows those low-level items as being an upgrade even if I have already have another item equipped with a primary stat gem in it. Is this a known issue, is it saying that the item would be an upgrade with a secondary stat gem, or what? 3. It often says that my weapons for the wrong spec are upgrades, e.g. my MW or BM weapon when in WW spec. This isn't exactly confusing, but it's annoying. How can I get it to be smarter about primary stats and weapon type requirements? 4. It never has any opinion about Azerite gear. Is there a way to get it to compare the value of traits?
Or maybe he's asking about battle pets? Or the lore of Ursoc vs. Nalorakk?
There are several Wowhead guides to mount collecting. [Here's one](https://www.wowhead.com/guide=3822/lord-of-the-reins-the-complete-mount-collecting-guide), but you may find others more helpful, either in their Guides section or on the comments on mount-related achievements. As for special mounts, there are lots of mounts with little quirks. The most important ones are probably yaks/mammoths/brutosaurs, because those are the ones with vendors, the Vial of the Sands, because it's a flying mount with a seat for a passenger, and water striders, because they let you walk on water.
Raidbots and Azerite Stat Weights, thanks. Instead of two different addons and a Web site, is there a one-stop-shop for this kind of thing?
Thanks, I'll use that instead. That doesn't sound like a big deal to me, no.
1. We only hear about the ones that don't work. 2. In the long run, lots of things don't work. (In the long run, we all die.) But it's plausible that someone could get away with an affair for a few months or even a couple years before things blow up. Until it blows up, it "works." 3. Almost everyone in the developed world has a cell phone and *some* kind of social media presence. Not everyone uses either of them a lot. If someone uses one platform with one family or group of friends and another with the other, it might not set off any alarm bells for a long time.
You may be right about what he's trying to do, but it's still stupid. "Arbitrarily invent your own gender" is not an accurate description of anything that's relevant here. Gender dysphoria is an actual medically recognized condition. Effective treatments of it include hormone therapy and surgery, among other things. That doesn't *necessarily* mean the government should recognize gender reassignment, the legal system is complicated, but surely it helps. A hypothetical person who refuses to identify with either of the two main genders might be described as "arbitrarily inventing" one, true. (Side note, gender identity, sexual orientation, and being intersex are three very different things. Another side note, right-wing assholes and disingenuous trolls of no particular ideology like to exaggerate how much of a problem this stuff is.) So what? No one is pushing for legal recognition of that kind of thing. If anyone tries, don't worry, I assure you they'd be laughed out of court, just like this guy was.
&gt; I have the war campaign finished, but to see the end of Jaina's story, do I have to complete all three of the Kul Tiras zones? Can't say for sure yet, I haven't finished it in the last 6 hours, but I think so, yes. In hindsight, I'm not actually sure 8.1 will have anything gated behind finishing those. Reading Wowhead's page, I have the impression that that's the case for the War Campaign, but there might be no follow-up to Jaina's or Rastakhan's stories that require completing what's already there. But even if not, I'd like to finish what's already there before something new comes out, personally.
Big quest hub cities in Legion: Highmountain, Suramar, and the Vindicaar (all allied race homes, of course). In BfA, the Terrace of the Devoted in Vol'dun, Arom's Stand in Drustvar, and Brennadam in Stormsong Valley. Maybe also Fort Daelin? Don't know, haven't spent much time in that zone on my Alliance toons. They aren't fortified like some on your list, but they definitely aren't just 2 tents with nameless NPCs either. It's true, leveling and open world zones used to have bigger and more detailed towns in them. They also used to have only two or three flight paths each in them. Those two things are related. If zones have only two or three flight paths in them, then we're absolutely miserable without flying. If zones have a dozen flight paths in them and they're all big cities, it's more work for Blizzard, and it's also clutters the landscape with towns to the point that there's very little actual wilderness.
Assuming that the gear you're targeting is from Uldir, kill the relevant bosses on Mythic and save your bonus rolls for them. Otherwise, no.
Why? Lots of reasons. In no particular order: * Blizzard couldn't make esports out of dungeons like that. * Even if it doesn't rise to the level of actual esports, Blizzard wants challenging, rewarding group content that doesn't require the time commitment or group sizes of raiding, to appeal to all the people who don't have raiding guilds. Thus, smaller dungeons. * Getting lost isn't fun for most people, it's boring and frustrating. Finding your way usually isn't a challenge in any meaningful sense, either. Most of the time you just know it or you don't. * If they try to make a dungeon competitive without a timer, people could just use their cooldowns on every single pull. If a dungeon has a timer, the bigger it is, the harder it is to balance. Small imbalances become magnified when there are more mobs and paths. * There already is a little room for variations in route and mobs pulled in BfA dungeons. They matter a little but not much. That's good. If they mattered a lot, there wouldn't be any room for variations at all, there would just be the "right" way.
The following comic book movies did not involve the planet at risk of destruction in any sense: Ant-Man 1 or 2, any Spider-Man movie except maybe the one with Dr. Octopus, any Iron Man movie, Captain America: Civil War, any Batman movie, Daredevil, and Logan. I probably missed a few.
I STILL DON'T HAVE AOTC. I SUCK. ILVL 373ISH. PLAYING A POPULAR CLASS AND ABLE TO FILL TWO ROLES. THE FIRST 7 BOSSES ARE EASY ENOUGH TO PUG BUT A GROUP OF STRANGERS JUST CAN'T GET G'HUUN. OVER 80 WIPES ON THAT STUPID SLUG. SOMEONE ALWAYS SCREWS UP THE ORBS, OR IF THEY DON'T, THINGS FALL APART WHILE WAITING FOR THE RIGHT TIME TO DUNK THE 6TH, OR IF THEY DON'T, THE GROUP GETS KILLED BY THE COLLAPSE IN THE PHASE 3 TRANSITION, AND IF THEY DON'T, IT'S THE MALIGNANT GROWTHS. I KNOW, GET A GUILD. THE BEST TIME FOR ME TO RAID IS NOON EST ON TUESDAY. ANYONE KNOW OF A GUILD THAT RAIDS THEN?
1. Join a guild that already has that achievement, or help the guild get the achievement. Just requires eight people willing to do three old raids. If those eight include a mage, a warlock, and someone who can plan ahead, it might take just half an hour, but even if you're winging it it shouldn't take more than an hour. 2. Get exalted with the guild. You get guild reputation by doing dungeons and raids in a guild group, but also by doing any quests while in the guild, so group activity isn't actually required if you don't want it. 3. Go to a guild vendor and buy it, correct.
&gt; MY RAID LEADER JUST TOLD US WE NEED TO START FARMING AZERITE TO INCREASE OUR RAIDWIDE DPS. THERE IS NO WAY THIS IS RIGHT. [HERE'S A CHART](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/azerite-armor-guide#requirements-for-unlocking-traits) SHOWING THE REQUIREMENTS TO UNLOCK TRAITS. A MYTHIC RAIDER HAS UNLOCKED EVERYTHING AT 33 TRAITS. AFTER THAT, MORE TRAITS ARE JUST WORTH +2 ILVLS TO THE NECKLACE. THAT'S TRIVIAL, AND FOR A LONG TIME BEFORE THAT, THE EFFECT OF TRAITS ON YOUR DPS WILL BE VERY MINIMAL. THE TRAITS THAT DIRECTLY AFFECT DPS ARE ALL UNLOCKED BY **23**. MY MAIN HASN'T BEEN FARMING AZERITE AND IS AT 32. MY ALT HASN'T DONE A MYTHIC+0 DUNGEON OR LFR, LET ALONE HIGHER, AND IS AT 25. IN THE TIME YOU SPEND DOING ISLAND EXPEDITIONS YOU COULD BE PUSHING MYTHIC+ KEYS, OR KILLING RAID BOSSES, OR DOING OTHER THINGS THAT GIVE YOU AP **AND** GIVE YOU A CHANCE AT ILVL UPGRADES TO OTHER SLOTS TOO. IF YOU'RE WORKING ON AOTC OR CUTTING EDGE AND AREN'T EVEN AT 23... HOW? IF YOU'RE BETWEEN 23 AND 33, AP WILL HELP YOUR SURVIVABILITY AND DEAD DPS DEAL NO DPS, BUT IT WON'T **MAINLY** AFFECT YOUR DPS SO YOUR RAID LEADER ISN'T THINKING VERY CLEARLY. I JUST COMMENTED TO COMPLAIN ABOUT PUGS, BUT MAYBE YOU SHOULD GIVE THEM A CHANCE. I HAVE A VERY HARD TIME IMAGINING HOW "FARM AZERITE" COULD BE A SMART STRATEGY AT THIS POINT.
I DON'T KNOW. SERIOUSLY, WHY? I THINK THE REQUIREMENTS FOR THE MAG'HAR AND DARK IRON WERE PARTICULARLY STUPID, BUT EVEN SO 4 MONTHS IS A LONG TIME. I UNLOCKED THEM 6 WEEKS AFTER LAUNCH WITHOUT DOING EVERY SINGLE WQ OR ISLAND EXPEDITION WEEKLY. SINCE THEN YOU'VE HAD MULTIPLE WARFRONT CYCLES AND WORLD QUEST BONUS EVENTS. IT SUCKS THAT YOU HAVE TO PLAY THE EXPANSION ONCE TO UNLOCK THE MAG'HAR, BUT IF YOU'VE BEEN SUBBED SINCE LAUNCH AND HAVEN'T DONE SO YET, WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN DOING?
You can find it on WoW's Web site. Go [here](https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/), click on the magnifying class, and enter the guild's name. You could also just ask the person inviting you.
I'm honestly confused by a lot of the hate BfA gets. I mean, some common complaints, I'd agree are problems but IMO are very minor; other common complaints I don't get at all, they're just not problems, or you might call them problems but they've been problems through all along and are objectively better now than they were in previous expansions. At this point I think the community has just become a self-reinforcing echo chamber of hate. Not saying I love BfA. It's not as good as Legion, it's just nowhere near as bad as most people here seem to think. If you enjoy leveling and last played during WOTLK, you can stay busy for months just seeing all the zones and dungeons and raids you haven't done before. There are a lot of them. If you have a casual approach to BfA, there's lots to see and do in it that can be done solo or in PUGs. If you want to play competitively and are looking for something to do in between your regularly scheduled raid and your highest Mythic+ for the week... yeah, BfA would be a letdown, I guess. Other than that, have fun.
If you're 120, you can probably solo it. Maybe even 110 depending on class and stuff. The first boss is tough due to mechanics but doable by most classes. Later bosses should be easy. If you're staying at 100, yeah, it'll be really hard to find a group. There's not much raiding community at previous endgames, sorry.
He doesn't use that "get in mah belly" ability if you're in there solo. Gorefiend can't be done with 2 people in the group if one of them doesn't wait outside, but easy to solo. (Not sure about 3-5. You'd have the same problem with mechanics but might have enough DPS to kill him before he uses that ability, I have no idea. All I know is I tried to duo that place once during Legion, got to Gorefiend with no problems, got stuck on him and quit, and then 10 minutes later the other group member let me know he had no problems solo.)
I'm positive about the game overall, but you're aware that the new allied races aren't available until 8.1.5, right? No fixed date, but some time after Season 2, meaning after January 22.
Fun is subjective. As for raid performance, [here are the numbers](https://www.warcraftlogs.com/zone/statistics/19#dataset=80&amp;difficulty=4). Balance is actually really good these days. There are 8 different classes in the top 10 specs, the difference between the best and the worst is only something like 20 percent... that's much, much better than most of WoW's history.
Legion at this stage had two things BfA lacks. 1. Artifacts were a better system than Azerite gear, overall. More evocative, intuitive, and interesting. Unique appearances could be unlocked with esoteric, sometimes challenging activities. 2. Legendaries. Almost any activity in Legion had a tiny chance to reward you with one of a free dozen items that was incredibly powerful and often changed your rotation. Yes, this was a big element of RNG; skilled players with bad legendaries often did worse than mediocre players with good legendaries. People complained about that a lot at the time but in hindsight it made everything we did more interesting. The thrill of luck. You think you don't want it, but you do.
My passport was renewed 3 years ago.
I happened to have my Snowfeather Hatchling out when I logged in 5 minutes ago. I was able to start the quest to get it to 25, despite the fact that I'd completed the whole chain over a year ago. Also, not sure this was undocumented, but WW monk PvP talents seem to be changed. I used to have the talent that made Vivify instant-cast; it's now been replaced with Reverse Harm, and I have/had an empty slot.
Yes, you could call her a paladin of Elune at this point. The well-defined classes are purely a gameplay thing. The lore is murkier. In the lore, there are priests of lots of things, not just the Light and the Shadow; in the lore, druids who can take multiple forms are rare (not nonexistent, see Malfurion right now, but rare), even though the player can switch freely between all four specs; in the lore, lots of characters have changed from one class to another, even though player characters can't; in the lore, lots of magic-users go back and forth between fel and arcane power or other sources, even though no class can do that. In the lore, a paladin is a priest with two differences: melee combat training, and they're filling their bodies with the Light rather than letting it flow through them. If a resto druid is a priest of Cenarius, a guardian or feral druid would be a hell of a lot like a paladin of Cenarius. And now, apparently, we have a paladin of Elune.
[Here you go](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/tides-of-vengeance-bfa-patch-8-1-overview). Haven't seen most of it myself yet.
This is yet another instance of bad communication by Blizzard. Also, correct me if I'm wrong, but the ability to delete keystones was added in the first few days of BfA as a way to help/make up for the bug when keystones carried over from Legion and were impossible to complete with a fresh 120's gear, right? All through Legion, if you deleted a keystone, the only way to get another one was with the Item Restoration Web site (and it would give you your previous one back, not a different one) or wait until the weekly reset. Something broke on launch, and to put a band-aid on it, they made a spur-of-the-moment change to a mechanic that changed how we play. Fixing something by breaking something else is bad. *All that being said*, the keystone change is a return to how things worked until something else broke, right? Wasn't originally intended, and in the absence of any designers saying that their vision for Mythic+ had changed to include it, I wouldn't assume it was a permanent feature. Also, it doesn't affect me personally. I haven't deleted any keys so far. I'm living the PUG life, so a +5 with a bad group is harder than a +9 with a good one.
I'm honestly confused by a lot of the hate BfA gets. Some common complaints, I'd agree are problems but IMO are very minor; other common complaints I don't get at all, they're just not problems, or if they are they've been problems all along and are objectively better now than they were in previous expansions. At this point I think the community has become a self-reinforcing echo chamber of hate. Not saying I love BfA. It's not as good as Legion, it's just nowhere near as bad as most people here seem to think. If you enjoyed Legion, BfA is similar. Azerite gear is ultimately not as good as artifacts but is the same basic idea with with some quality of life improvements. Warfronts and Island Expeditions are good concepts with some problems with the execution. If you're a casual player, there's tons to do in BfA. If you're a high-end competitive player looking for challenging content in addition to the raid and one Mythic+ a week... you'll probably be disappointed, sorry. As for this week's patch, it advanced several storylines and tweaked several mechanics. No changes you'd notice if you haven't been playing since launch.
Alchemists now can learn [this](https://www.wowhead.com/spell=286547/transmute-herbs-to-anchors#comments). Seems to have a high if not certain chance to include 10 anchor weed.
[Here's the content release calendar](https://www.wowhead.com/news=288840/patch-8-1-tides-of-vengeance-content-release-calendar). Looks like you're up to date except maybe for the new Island Expeditions.
Unlocking the followers is still character-specific, isn't it? In that case you'd have to redo the 8.0 storyline to collect them all. Even though the mission table is less valuable than in Legion and WoD, it's still nice to have them. The 8.1 storyline seems like purely lore stuff so far.
As for how the story is going, I'm still reserving judgement. &gt; with the limited mind control that the Val'kyr are capable of [Here's the only official word on that](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Ask_CDev), as far as I know. It dates back to 2011. &gt; However, some undead, especially those who die in combat or under extreme stress and are raised soon after, enter into a violent, frenzied state. Undead in this state are easily manipulated and their rage is often directed at the foes of those who raised them. After the effects wear off, if the risen corpse has not been destroyed, they are given the same ultimatum that other Forsaken are offered: join the Dark Lady or return to the grave. OK, so undead are enraged and suggestible shortly after being raised. We're told that the Forsaken would kill the newly raised if necessary, but don't have any way to coerce loyalty like the Lich King did. Fine, sounds logical enough in theory. How's it work in practice? It sure is suspicious that we have *never* seen any undead rebel against their creator, except if that creator is the Lich King and he's temporarily weakened. Even when they have plenty of time after that initial frenzy and have ample reason to do so. In addition to Sira and Delaryn, there's also Amalia Stone. Lilian Voss may be relevant too. [Fiercely independent](https://blue.mmo-champion.com/topic/219533-scarlet-monastery-and-scholomance/) from Cataclysm to Legion, she's now a loyal Forsaken. Wowpedia contrasts her with Garona, who's clear about serving the Horde under duress. Is there some kind of undead bond, not as conscious as the powers granted by the Crown of Domination but no less controlling? Did undead have free will back during those Q&amp;As, but Sylvanas has started using some kind of mind control since then? Is something happening in the afterlife to make Sylvanas' approach more attractive? Or is it bad writing? I know a lot of people are already sure it's bad writing, and this game clearly isn't a Pulitzer-prize-winning novel, but there are so many signs of something weird going on I really expect some kind of big reveal.
This works almost exactly the way AK worked in Legion: new tiers of AK got unlocked when new tiers of content were released. In the case of BfA, they don't want us being able to get a new piece of gear in week 1 of a new tier and have every trait on it available when it drops. You couldn't do it with Uldir and apparently you won't be able to do it with Battle for Dazar'alor. Sorry.
Buying presents. My 3-year-old daughter is easy to shop for; the problem is making sure her gifts are age-appropriate and wouldn't drive us nuts. For everyone else, it's always the same. I ask them what they want and vice versa and we go back and forth about that a few times just thinking about it or missing the other person's response. For 80 percent of presents we either exchange gift certificates, or get things they were perfectly capable of getting for themselves and just hadn't got around to. For almost all presents I give I'm left feeling like I should have picked something better, and for about half the presents I get I have to struggle to act adequately grateful.
&gt; it was death #2 when she jumped on the saronite that freaks her out. I'm suspecting something similar. And here's the thing... what if the saronite had nothing to do with it? And likewise, what if that wasn't a hell befitting Sylvanas' horrible deeds? What if that's just what happens to you when you die in the Warcraft universe? What if Elune, and the Light and other forces that should be there, aren't? We know the Emerald Dream exists for wildlife, wild gods, and green dragons. We know the Light is a real force in the world, but we see very little of people enjoying its comfort in the afterlife. (It took the help of a naaru for Bridenbrad to get there.) When the Temple of Elune in Teldrassil burned, the seat of Elune's power on Azeroth, with lots of her devoted followers in it, all she did was make it painless. What if that's all she could do? Sylvanas remembers her first death as peaceful until she was brought back, but her second death as torture. What if something happened in the netherworld between the Third War and the death of the Lich King? If Sira's and Delaryn's afterlife were the same as what Sylvanas saw, accepting undeath seems seems a little bit more reasonable. I don't know. Like I said, I'm reserving judgement. Maybe there's no twist coming, maybe there is but it will turn out to be inadequate. But I think they're trying to go somewhere with this.
&gt; It's well known lore that newly raised Forsaken undergo a 'conditioning process' that makes them feel less attachment to their former life, under the pretense that it is actually saving them from torment of dwelling on a life they no longer have. Some forsaken find the transition easier than others. OK, but what does this have to do with Amalia, Sira, and Delaryn? Sira and Delaryn definitely didn't through any such process, they were loyal to the Horde the minute they got up. Amalia, *maybe*, but it seems unlikely.
1. It should be account-wide, including characters from most other servers, yes. Most things they call account-wide are. As for why you didn't see your total exalted reps increase, I don't know. Were they factions with a counterpart you can't get exalted with both of at the same time, like Aldor/Scryers or that pair from Sholazar? Those don't count twice. Had you already logged in to a third toon in between your main and that alt, and the third toon had the faction and had contributed to the total? Do unavailable factions not count? Because it wouldn't be too illogical if Blizzard had decided that. Or maybe it's just a bug, I don't know. I haven't looked into this too much with my own toons, but I will soon. I'm at 97/100. :) 2. I don't think so. I think it's just for the "collect X total number of reputations" achievements, not other reputation achievements. Not sure, though. There are a couple toons I could test this on easily, who are exalted with the Argent Crusade but almost definitely not Dawn, I'll try to log on them this evening.
I've always had a few alts. 2-4 toons got to max level in every expansion until MoP. In WoD, leveling was easy and there wasn't too much to do at max level, so I had more. My 12th toon hit 100 the night before Legion, one of each class. During Legion I got all the order hall mounts, Mage Tower skins, and more. I'm proud of it but burned out on the gearing-up and getting-ready stuff. Spent too much time staring at loading screens and doing the same WQs or LFR wings or medium-difficulty Mythic+ keys over and over again. In BfA I want to focus more on my main, or at most one on each faction, but it's insidious. I'm more interested in my Dark Iron paladin than in any other toons after my main. My main is tauren, so just to make the DID I had to get another toon to 120 first. Worse, I was indecisive about which one. So since BfA launched I've spent my time on a tauren, human, night elf, and DID, and they're 120, 120, 117, and 105 respectively. I feel like I'm wasting resources having all my alts on the opposite faction from my main (faction-specific stuff, profession reagents, etc.), and efficiency aside I just kind of feel silly spending so much time on the "wrong" faction from my main. Better start leveling even more Horde toons, then! In all seriousness this is *hopefully* temporary. Within a month I think/hope I'll be done with my last goals in BfA on my human and night elf. Once I finish those, they can sit around SW for a while, or I can park them outside some old raid for when I feel like taking a shot at a rare mount.
He saw J. Jonah Jameson daily as Peter, or close enough to daily. He had several early adventures inside Midtown High School, where it's reasonable to expect people to recognize him. And photos of his face aside, if anyone ever got a good look at his face, Jameson is exactly the kind of person who would hire a sketch artist.
He's one of several characters with a completely different Golden Age and Silver Age version, but in his case, attempts to reconcile things only made it worse. Golden Age Hawkman, first published in 1940, was an archaeologist who was the reincarnation of an Egyptian prince and got his powers from magical artifacts. Silver Age Hawkman, first published 1961, was an alien policeman from a world called Thanagar who got stranded on Earth; his powers were a mix of alien biology and alien tech. At this point he's just like the Blue Beetle, Green Lantern, Flash, and a few other characters. However, Hawkman was screwed up pretty badly by the Crisis on Infinite Earths. In some Post-Crisis series, it seemed like there was only one Hawkman; in others, it seemed like the Golden Age and Silver Age Hawkman had both existed in the same universe at different times. DC stopped using him entirely for several years due to the mess. Lately, the canon seems to be that ancient Egypt was visited/influenced by Thanagarians, and there's one guy who has been reincarnated many times and takes up the mantle of Hawkman each time.
[Here's Wowhead's guide](https://www.wowhead.com/the-7th-legion-reputation-guide). &gt; what is the most consistent method of grinding rep? The following things give rep with 7th Legion: 7th Legion Emissary quests, the weekly Island Expedition quest, WQs on Zandalar, Warfront contributions, the War Campaign quests, and [Faction Assaults](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/battle-for-azeroth-incursions). &gt; Are there any time-sensitive events going on over the weekend that would provide rep? Wowhead shows what Warfront contributions are available. Don't know yet about Emissary quests. There's bound to be at least one assault but I don't know when and no one knows where yet. &gt; Are there any buffs I can obtain to increase the amount of rep gained? [Contract: 7th Legion](https://ptr.wowhead.com/item=165016/contract-7th-legion). Added in 8.1. &gt; Do you have any tips to maximise efficiency or speed up the process in general? IMO your 3 highest priorities, based on rep gained vs. time/difficulty, should be 7th Legion Emissary quests, the Island Expedition weekly, and any WQs that award rep badges, in that order. But do however much you have the time and patience for.
In 8.0 I had some delays with runs showing up, but they were there eventually. This morning was the first time I checked it since 8.1 and it's having problems. The website hasn't updated, and the addon isn't working for me at all.
Within the past year, Selina left Bruce at the altar, and Clark and Lois are... growing apart? I don't know the details, I'm pretty sure they're still married, but they had a dispute over parenting and are now focusing more on their careers, or something. It seems like a breakup carefully calculated to piss people off as little as possible. Which actually makes things worse in some ways.
Stop playing. Not because you're not enjoying the game and therefore there's only one thing to do, but because your approach to it is deeply unhealthy. Yes, of course it's just a game.
Still no definite date. 99 percent chance it's after the Siege of Dazar'alor opens, which means after January 22. No idea where it'll be one week later or 6 months later, but I'd bet on closer to one week.
It's a utility company's office Christmas party in 1925. 1. Utility company. These people aren't buying or selling publicity for companies that were famous then and still are now, they're just trying to keep the lights on. Literally. Not particularly lucrative or fashionable. 2. IANASociologist, but I might guess that almost a hundred years ago people might dress more conservatively at a religious holiday's party. Maybe those same people would look a little nicer at some summer event.
&gt; Also should I be doing all the world quests? No. I mean, you can if you want, if you have the time for it and care about the rewards and enjoy it. But the game isn't designed to encourage that. The biggest chunk of reputation and other rewards come from the Emissary quest: 3/4 WQs a day of a certain type, then hand it in to a certain NPC for a big reward, you can save them up for 3 days. You might also want to do the Incursions, four WQs with a faction war theme and quick follow-up quest chain, but even if you do all of those at once it's still less than half the total available WQs. Do all the WQs if you want to, but most people wouldn't find the last half of them fun or rewarding.
1. Remember, unlike tanks or DPS, your primary job isn't killing the enemies. Your primary job is playing whack-a-mole with health bars. Doing a little DPS helps, but don't lose sight of health bars. 2. Sometimes you'll get aggro. While soloing, if you're under attack, you may want to run away. In group content that's exactly the wrong response. If you get aggro in a group, run into the middle of the melee, particularly to the tank. It makes it easier for them to save you. Then run back out once you're clear, so you don't get aggro again by accident, or don't get hit by an area of effect ability. But the point is, if you're in trouble, run towards the rest of your group, not away. 3. Use mouseover macros. (Or an addon that does the same thing. Up to you.) They make you a tiny bit faster, let you heal while having the boss targeted so you can contribute a little DPS, and prevent you from targeting the wrong group member sometimes. Icy Veins has examples. Other than that, just start while leveling and on easy difficulties and work your way up. For future reference, the Murloc Mondays post stickied on the front page is a good place for questions like this.
&gt; without overlapping any races, and having at least one of each armor type on Horde and Alliance, which races would you make each class? There are currently 19 playable races and 12 classes, so if you want one of each race, you're going to have to double up most classes. My picks: Dark Iron dwarf warlock, draenei hunter, dwarf shaman, gnome death knight, human warrior, Lightforged draenei paladin, night elf demon hunter, pandaren mage, void elf monk, worgen druid, blood elf priest, goblin rogue, Highmountain tauren hunter, Mag'har orc warrior, Nightborne priest, orc death knight, tauren monk, troll shaman, undead warlock. 90 percent arbitrary, I just went through a list of races and picked a class that fit it thematically fairly well, with as little overlap as possible. I have 13 characters at level 107 or higher and only four of them match that list. Reviewing it I probably could have made better picks in several cases, but to hell with it.
&gt; me and my guild do mythic keystone dungeons every week, but we always have a tough time with high level keys. anything above a 7 is really hard. we can usually manage to do level 7 within the time limit (but not always), but 8 and 9 are almost always failing the time limit. we managed to get a 10 key one time and we finished it after a few hours of wiping and obviously didnt beat it on time. If you're sincerely trying to figure this out, sorry, but you won't be able to get specific answers here. Not without either logs or a video of a Mythic+ run. Too many details are relevant. But in general, the answer is your group is making mistakes. You're not avoiding damage that you should be avoiding, or you're pulling mobs you don't need to, or you're not DPSing the right targets fast enough, or you're going in there with suboptimal talents or stats or Azerite traits on your gear, or you're playing specs that aren't good in general or are good but don't mesh well together. You need to get better at the game, in general. Minmax your characters better, or learn dungeons better so you can prevent mistakes both large and small. Addons help with this. No offense intended. I've never even completed a +10 myself. But if you want to do harder content, then get better. I say "if you're sincere," malpinz, because this post looks very similar to many I've seen in the past. I'm like 99 percent sure there's one troll with a signature style. Nonsense account name, fluent English but never uses apostrophes or capitalizes. Starts with a question that sounds sincere, but as the discussion develops, OP seems so obtuse that it's ridiculous. OP is impervious to reason, and also gets insulted for stupidity as time goes on, and doesn't get mad about that either. Then, within a day, the thread and all the OP's comments in it are deleted. [Here's one previous such post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/9d8ku4/why_dont_sockets_give_itemlevel/). I note that your account has 1,700ish karma for both posts and karma, with only 25 comments in your history at the moment and zero posts. That's a lot of posts and comments deleted. Odd.
It's been a few years, maybe it was broken by 7.3.5 or a later patch. Lots of people [in comments here](https://www.wowhead.com/npc=69964/kanrethad-ebonlocke) say it was easy after WoD came out. Someone says they did it during 6.2.3 and didn't see the pit lord either, but they killed him easily. Recent changes might have made it harder again if you're doing it right at 90 or soon after, but by 100+ it shouldn't be too hard.
Azsuna has nothing to do with You Are Now Prepared, does it? [You Are Now Prepared!](https://www.wowhead.com/achievement=12066/you-are-now-prepared) is entirely on Argus. All order hall campaigns take place partly in the Broken Isles, and I guess some might require completing certain zone storylines (I can't think of any, but who knows), and order hall campaigns are required to get all your followers, and follower missions make the rep grind faster, so it's a good idea to finish the order hall campaign if you want to unlock allied races. All that being said, not required for You Are Now Prepared!.
I'M GLAD THAT A COMPLICATED SECRET TRICK MOUNT LIKE THIS ISN'T FUNCTIONALLY UNIQUE IN AN INCREDIBLY USEFUL WAY. I WISH THEY HAD PREVENTED THAT IN A MORE OBVIOUS WAY, AS OPPOSED TO AN ARTIFICIAL RESTRICTION NOT APPARENT ON THE TOOLTIP, BUT BIG DEAL. I'M A TINY BIT ANNOYED THAT BLIZZARD DIDN'T ANNOUNCE IN ADVANCE THAT IT WAS LIMITED TO A CERTAIN GROUP, AND ALSO ANNOYED THAT THEY LEFT IN PLACE THE BUG WITH ALTS. BUT REALISTICALLY, IT'S UNDERSTANDABLE. OF COURSE THEY DON'T WANT TO ANNOUNCE TOO MUCH ABOUT THIS IN ADVANCE AND CAN'T TEST IT TOO MUCH. THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN CONTRARY TO THE WHOLE POINT OF THE THING. IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A *SECRET*. OF COURSE BUGS ARE BAD BUT WHEN THEY'RE DEVELOPING SOMETHING COMPLETELY NEW, BUGS ARE HARD TO AVOID. MORE COMMUNICATION WOULD BE NICE BUT HAVING SECRETS IN THE GAME MEANT FOR TREASURE HUNTS IS ALSO NICE AND THEY OBVIOUSLY CAN'T COMMUNICATE MUCH ABOUT THOSE. I'M MORE ANNOYED BY THE OTHER 99 OR SO BUGS OR ARTIFICIAL RESTRICTIONS IN BFA SURROUNDED BY BAD COMMUNICATION.
I liked the six zone storylines. They were unusually interesting and well-told. Zuldazar knocked it out of the park, and even the worst of the rest were better than 90 percent of pre-Legion zone storylines. Haven't finished Jaina's storyline but I gather it's pretty good, and the Zandalar Forever storyline definitely was. I'd be very surprised if they aren't planning some kind of a twist to the faction war storyline. Call me an apologist if you want, or just unreasonably optimistic, but there are so many things that don't make sense with what we now know. Incompetence would get more than this lined up by accident. So I'm reserving judgement until I know how the story ends.
Artifact appearances are spec-specific. Once an appearance is unlocked, it's available account-wide. My DID paladin can xmog the Mage Tower flail and everything else that I unlocked with my blood elf paladin.
Yesterday I was waiting for the streetcar on H St. and a biker wiped out on the tracks right in front of me. No helmet, had headphones on. I commute by bike. 3 miles each way, through downtown. I'm pretty sure I see drivers break the law more often, but I'm very sure I see fellow bikers do stupid reckless things more often. Don't even get me started on scooter users. Pretty sure I've literally never seen one of them with a helmet.
My main had been a NE druid for a very long time. At the end of Legion I felt like it was time for a change. I had 110s of every class, 7 Alliance, 5 Horde. The monk class was the most interesting to me: like druid, could be all 3 main roles; like druid and unlike paladin, is very mobile; unlike druid, actually gets to see his armor. My monk happened to be a tauren, so switching mains meant switching factions. For the Horde! I guess.
Cataclysm is different from the rest because it's on the same continent as the 1-60 zones. You want to learn Wrath professions, you go to Northrend.
You know that Arthas, Anduin, and Jaina are from three different kingdoms, right? Lordaeron, Stormwind, and Kul Tiras. Different lines of succession. If Anduin was Arthas's son, that would make him heir to the nation currently controlled by the Forsaken, and make him an illegitimate king of Stormwind. Not that that's the only problem with your comment...
1. So that you have more choices of where to quest, and don't have to choose between leveling the efficient way and seeing the end of a zone because you out-leveled it. Enemies won't level with you forever, just up to a certain maximum for each zone. 2. Roughly a quarter of all the zones in the game if you level entirely by questing, I guess? Roughly 30-40 hours, if you focus on leveling efficiently? Hard to put a number on it. 3. There isn't really a "main" quest line for the game. Each zone has its own quest line. See the "chapter" tracker in the map for a summary of that. Each expansion has/had its own quest line, but it's mostly told at max level. 4. It's easier to keep a staff up to date than a wand plus an off-hand. That's it, really. Other differences between them are very amrginal. 5. Enjoy the ride. It's only your first character once. Anything you miss, you can do later. 6. There's probably someone but I can't think of it. You can make your character look dark-complexioned in the character creation menu, so there's probably some NPCs like that.
I haven't read the recent series, which is basically a movie tie-in, but as for the original Infinity Gauntlet series, and its sequels, Infinity War and Crysade... yes, big differences between comics and the movies. In the comics, the finger snap wasn't Thanos's end goal, it was a spur-of-the-moment thing to show how powerful he was. In the comics, I'm pretty sure the Black Panther wasn't relevant at all. Maybe as one of literally dozens of heroes in a splash page, I guess? None of the Infinity Stones were on Earth before Thanos collected them. The main protagonist of the series was Adam Warlock, and he hasn't appeared in the movies at all, unless the Guardians of the Galaxy 2 post-credits scene counts.
The azure waterstrider requires 2 or 3 weeks of daily quests. Each day's quests only takes 10-15 minutes, total. The crimson waterstrider requires 40-60 hours of fishing. It's not gated behind dailies, so you can spend a full-time work week on it and be done with it, if your schedule permits. Take your pick.
No. I'm having fun. If I wasn't, I wouldn't log in. I like to think I never *loved* the game, because that seems like an unhealthy attachment to a game. And it seems to me that WoW still is what it always "once was". BfA isn't the best expansion ever but the game is still basically what it has been since Wrath.
* Enjoy the ride. It's only your first character once. Anything you miss, you can do later. * Leveling and max level are very different experiences. If you find it boring while leveling, rest assured, there are lots of challenges at max level. If you find it repetitive, there's still some repetitive stuff, but for whatever it's worth, there's lots of different types and the game is designed these days so that the only "mandatory" chores are easy to keep up with. * Contrary to the previous point, remember that it's just a game. Don't play if you aren't having fun.
[Wowhead](https://www.wowhead.com/) is a good general resource. It has guides for specific classes or dungeons, but they can be hit or miss. The real value of it IMO is looking up specific quests or items and seeing the comments by other people who had the same problem as you. [Icy Veins](https://www.icy-veins.com/wow/) is a general resource for guides for each specialization of each class. Call it beginner-to-intermediate strategies, for your first time hitting max level on a certain character and starting to think about max level dungeons and raids. (For advanced strategies, look in the weekly threads here, or the class Discord channel, or class-specific Web sites.) [Wowpedia](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Wowpedia) might be an interesting site to browse for the lore and history of the game. It's a wiki, so you can follow links from one related topic to another for days.
The macro in [this comment](https://www.wowhead.com/artifact-weapons-hidden-appearances-guide#comments:id=2416671) worked for me through Legion. I haven't checked in a while but I think it worked for me in the early days of BfA, because I didn't reach 200 WQs on my monk until after hitting 120. If 8.1 broke it, I wouldn't know. Note that actually adding the appearance to your collection might not happen the second it should. You might have to equip the artifact, set its appearance to the new color, visit the artifact forge, or log out and in again to see it in the transmog interface.
I think the most popular suggestions that always get brought up in threads like this are the following. * **Dark ranger**. Like Sylvanas and all the night elves raised in Darkshore in 8.1. Closely based on hunter, so they would wear mail, which is the least common kind of armor these days. Problems: right now they'd be Horde-exclusive, and literally all their Warcraft III abilities are already in the game in use by other classes. * **Necromancer**. Another class very important in Warcraft III and currently underrepresented in WoW. Problems: it would be hard to make them anything other than pure caster DPS, and there are already two of those. Not saying impossible, nothing's impossible, but a necromancer healer would be weird and a melee necromancer is just a DK. * **Tinker**: Like Mekkatorque and lots of goblins. Problems: ??? Would overlap a lot with the engineering profession, I guess. * **Spell-breaker**: a.k.a. battle mage or other things, someone who uses arcane magic as a front-line fighter. Problems: very little lore support for them. They exist, but they aren't as important as any of the above, either now or in the past. Also, overlap a lot with multiple existing classes.
They rotate on a 19-hour cycle. It's literally impossible to miss every single one of them if you log on at the same time every day.
It's a different set of problems. WoD basically had nothing to do. Fewer raids or dungeons than any other expansion (if 8.2 is the last patch of BfA, then BfA will have fewer than WoD, but IMO that's unlikely), little repeatable content that was interesting or challenging, and the big new feature, garrisons, was essentially a single-player daily quest hub. Once you cleared the raid tier and did the Challenge Modes if you cared about that, the only things to do were use the garrison to maximize your gold and level alts. The main reward of the alts was, having more garrisons! In BfA there's lots to do. Several quest chains you have to unlock, more new playable races than ever but you have to unlock them too, tons of optional side quests, you can grind Mythic+ endlessly, Warfronts and Island Expeditions are new, and there are mechanics encouraging world PvP. It's just that most of it doesn't matter and/or isn't fun. Island Expedition rewards other than AP are rare and mostly cosmetic. (As for AP, IMO the general idea is good, but it's more complicated than the Legion equivalent and it's easy to get to a point where it doesn't matter, unless you're a Mythic raider.) Warfronts basically only matter once per cycle due to the quest for ilvl 370/385 gear. Allied races are nice but ultimately your choice of race is 99 percent cosmetic, you can only play one character at a time, and people resent having to unlock something that used to be free. People also compare the gameplay of them, i.e. how each class feels and how their rotation works. Most people seem to think that most classes felt better in WoD. That's subjective and there's no class I've played enough in each expansion to comment on, but people say it a lot. In fairness to BfA, balance in terms of actual numerical DPS/HPS/survivability is a lot better these days.
Check Wowhead. If I remember correctly, drums come from both WoD and Legion trainers.
Nitpick: fungi are not flora.
For context, if this is unclear to anyone... the Snowy Owl is required for the [World Safari](https://www.wowhead.com/achievement=6590/world-safari) pet collection meta-achievement, and it's only available seasonally. Became available around December 21, stops spawning around March 19. If you think you ever might want the title "Zookeeper", now's the time.
I'd like to clean up the class sets. Completing the druid Antorus set requires getting a BoE world drop. Completing the paladin Ulduar 10-man set requires a BoE world drop from WoD content. Completing the paladin Ulduar 25-man set requires unlocking the Molten Front, which is ***fucking insane***. Those are just the examples I'm familiar with; I'm sure there are more. Blizzard should either make those extra random pieces not required for the collection achievements, or give us some easier way to get those appearances. EDIT: Also, I'd like chest armor that isn't skintight. Presumably they do it that way because it would be hard to make tabards work. Sounds logical, but there are already lots of artificial restrictions on xmogs and lots of things that we *can* do but they don't work too well each other. If we could get chest armor that actually looked like a cuirass, jerkin, doublet, or bomber jacket, but it came with the restriction that the tabard must be hidden, that would be totally worth it IMO.
&gt; No patches, just a massive game release similar to classic / tbc. Is this trolling? Classic launched with one raid, Molten Core; the other six were added in patches, months and in some cases over a year after launch. (I wouldn't swear to details without looking it up, but BWL, AQ20 and 40, and Naxx were definitely patches well after launch.) BC launched with multiple raids, but BC, ZA, and the Sunwell were added with patches. As for a return to green/blue gear, I wouldn't mind but I don't care either. It doesn't matter. Ilvl is the important thing, both in your system and the current game. Making gear look more (or less) exclusive when you mouse over it isn't the important thing to me. And I notice one important thing missing from your system: Mythic+ dungeons. I like the fact that it's possible to get good gear without raiding. Raiding means a 10-man-or-larger group, a weekly lockout, and in most cases a stretch of multiple hours to clear the raid. Fun sometimes but definitely shouldn't be the only way to get upgrades. If raiding was the only way to get gear better than the kind of dungeons I can do the minute I hit max level, I just wouldn't play.
Class fantasy is part of it, but also, I'm pretty sure Blizzard restricted weapons in Legion to make the game easier to balance. See also frost DKs losing the ability to use a two-hander, Titan's Grip being baseline for fury warriors, and more. Until Legion (or whenever the change actually was, not sure), Blizzard had to deal with the possibility that any of those specs might be either dual-wielding or using a two-hander. That would mean different attack speeds, would mean one weapon enchantment or two, etc. It would be a lot more variables for them when changing class mechanics or tuning DPS output. So they removed that variable.
[Some numbers](https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/indus.php?cycle=2018&amp;ind=F11). To summarize, in 1990, the accountant industry spent $3.6 million on lobbying; in 2016, it spent $24.5 million. No, I don't know how much that is as a fraction of total lobbying, or what the numbers were like before 1990, or how much of that comes from tax software companies as opposed to other accounting companies. I don't have a source to support singling out tax software companies. But the accounting industry really does lobby a lot and the financial services industry it's a part of [is definitely the biggest lobbyist overall](https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/). The idea that there's a relation between lobbying and the complexity of the tax code isn't really all that far-fetched.
The classes I'm playing the most these days are my monk and my paladin. Obviously, they both can tank, heal, and DPS. I play all three roles on each of them at times. I like the flexibility, the independence, and the short queues. (My druid used to be my main, but it was my main for so long that I wanted a change, and I like actually seeing my armor.) My monk is fast-paced. I can just roll all over the place, Flying Dragon Kick when WW, Transcendence if I set it up. Lots of unique utility - a tank with a pet, Ring of Peace is versatile, healing with AoE dispel, and more. My paladin is not fast-paced. The jokes about the wheelchair seem kind of fair. But who cares? He really feels like a tank, i.e. heavily armored and explosive. All my utility effects aren't unique, they all feel like they do the same thing: save lives. Divine Shield, Blessing of Protection, Lay on Hands... nobody dies when I'm around (and have the cooldowns available and so on). Also, he looks great. There are almost no really "bad" paladin tier sets, and some awesome ones. Bonus, he's a Dark Iron dwarf. Can't wait to complete either the Firelands or the Ulduar set on him.
* For spec-specific stuff like what your active mitigation is and how it works, see Icy Veins. * One of your jobs is positioning the enemies. Position them away from patrols you don't want to pull. Think about where ground AoE is, so melee don't have to stand in it. Think about where enemies with cleave attacks are facing, so they don't face squishy members of your group. If there's a caster enemy standing where you don't want them, you may have to taunt them and run either out of their range or around a corner, to get them to move. Things like that. * Your job is also holding aggro. Most of the time, this is easy, but it can be a problem with the Skittish affix in Mythic+ or if someone pulls a group you didn't expect. Be ready to taunt or stun anyone who goes after your healer in particular. * People will generally expect you to lead. In harder content, this might just mean marking targets for crowd control or focusing DPS on, maybe even in the middle of combat. In easy-to-medium content, it generally just means keeping things moving at a reasonable pace and asking the group if they're ready before bosses.
The stated reason is, so that offspecs don't get left too far behind. If you want to take the view that everything Blizzard does is nefarious, the current system amounts to more RNG and effectively time-gating good loot. Even under that view, honestly, I don't mind too much. If WQ and Emissary rewards varied by loot spec, then when deciding whether it's worth doing, I'd have to review each map separately for each spec I care about to see if the item for that spec is actually an upgrade for me. That's currently eight maps and three specs for my character who actually needs the upgrades. That would be incredibly annoying.
Ilvl 375 tauren monk, plays all three specs but mainly MW, on NA-Gnomeregan looking for a guild that has some chance of getting AOTC Uldir. I'm afraid I can't stick to a raiding schedule too much but I can pull my weight in Mythic+ more often.
Human to Forsaken is also explainable, and a Mag'har orc could turn green after some fel corruption.
[Hello again](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/a704n2/how_do_people_do_high_keys/).
If you're willing to shell out the gold. It costs whatever 40 Medallions of the Legion are going for on your server's AH.
Well, there's your number, then. In hindsight 40 medallions is way too much. It would only take 21000 rep to get from Neutral to Revered, and you'll get some rep from quests and other things. So on your server, a max of 210000 gold.
Maybe it originated in film, I don't know, but you'll also see it applied to prose, i.e. novels and short stories. It would be good advice for comic book authors too, whether they want to get into film or not.
Not sure. I think you'd need to either talk to Hakuun, the engineer near the console right in front of the Vindicaar, or click on the console itself.
You will, as long as the Alliance character is level 110 or higher, and one of them has also done the You Are Now Prepared! quest achievement.
Legion kind of burned me out on altaholism. It was cool seeing all the order hall stories and getting all the class mounts and collecting a bunch of artifact skins (didn't get all of them, but I got a lot), but it was also a lot of cycling through the Dalaran loading screen and repeating the same WQs over and over again and stuff. So that's one solution to altaholism: overload on it until you're sick of it. In BfA I've tried to focus on two characters for max level content, one of each faction, and I've mostly succeeded. My main is a tauren monk and my 1st alt is a Dark Iron paladin, so I've got all three main roles covered on both of them but very different playstyles between them and two different armor types. Variety is nice. I have six other toons that are still sitting at 110, and they might stay there for a very long time. Besides the two mains I also have three other 120s and am leveling two other characters, but I don't plan to do too much end-game content on most of them. Instead they're for supporting my mains with their professions, or collecting appearances or achievements, or trying for rare mounts when I get around to it, or just for fun and I'm fine with that. If I found myself spending too much time on the alts, I'd start by binding their hearthstone to the Vale of Eternal Blossoms or some other place that's convenient to old content I haven't finished and inconvenient to BfA, and completely clear out their BfA quest log. Those might help, if you're looking for suggestions.
Done it eight times. Doing it the last four times isn't a high priority for me, but also doesn't seem like a great imposition, injustice, or design flaw of Legion IMO. It's easily soloable, and faster than farming most rare mounts or meta-achievements.
You've said in another comment that you're mostly doing LFR and Normal. At that level of play, don't worry about stat priority. I do Mythic+10 dungeons and Heroic raids on my monk without changing any gear, just talents.
I've read that they've removed the requirement to have a high-level character before making a DK. Try it out and see. Only problem is if they have, your character would be level 1 and your friend's would be level 55.
All AHs are neutral now. However, you can't bid on your own auctions any more.
I don't think it's "they just want you to be constantly changing spec"; I think it's "they realized that everyone constantly changes spec ever since the option was added in Wrath, and don't particularly mind." Healing is my favorite role for group content, personally, but I wouldn't want to do it in solo content. No burst worth mentioning and braindead-simple rotation. So I just switch specs. Only takes 10 seconds. I have a gear set for each spec, but I'm set up to swap gear automatically and I wouldn't even worry about multiple sets if I kept WM off. Simple.
A low score doesn't help, but neither does the fact that you're a boomkin. They're good for Mythic+ these days but DPS in general is a dime a dozen. Get a set of Azerite gear for your resto spec and I'm pretty sure you'll get plenty of invites to Mythic+4s before improving your score.
&gt; Why didn't the Sky Golem lose its mount effect &gt; Personally, I do believe this was a mistake from Blizzard. Personally, I assume it's coming later. They started the system with a simple, limited version of it. Two extremely popular effects, and a third thing that isn't all that relevant right now but ties in with something else from the same patch, i.e. flying. In 8.3 or 9.0 we'll probably get more mount equipment. The sky golem effect would be a prime candidate, as would a similar effect for mining.
Comparing 1-110 leveling now to any point between let's say 3.0 and patch 7.3.5, it's a little bit slower (almost no difference if you're leveling solo by questing, in fact, but Recruit a Friend and dungeon XP carrying strategies were nerfed hard), a little bit harder, and a lot more fun. (What's fun about it, if you're wondering: you actually get to see the conclusions of storylines now and then and individual enemies live long enough for you to go through more of your spec's full rotation sometimes, they don't just fall over when you spam your opener.) Speed, difficulty, fun - your mileage may vary about what's the important part.
Got Keystone Conqueror on Tuesday. Next goal, a +15 on time. My current main wasn't my main during Legion so I don't have that artifact skin on her. Also, got my warlock to 120 Tuesday. My 6th 120. I'm working on my shaman too but I might stop there for a while.
Even if you gear up as much as possible within Legion, it'll still be very hard if not impossible to solo most Legion raids at 110, especially as a rogue. You might find a level 120 willing to do you a favor but that's all it would be. If you want to complete those quests, I recommend getting to 120. If you can't buy BfA now, then use the premade groups finder to look for people who might be willing to help you, or stand around the raid entrance waiting for 120s to enter and ask them if you can tag along. Don't take it personally if they refuse, though. If you don't want to do that or try and no one accepts, then work on other characters or do other things on your rogue that don't require a group like this.
&gt; For self sustainability wouldn't it just be better to have all your alts cover all professions so you can cover whatever needs you have? In theory, yes. In practice, getting fully advanced in a profession is more work now than was in the last couple expansions, IMO. This is good in some ways, but it means you can't ding 120 on an alt, park them by the profession trainer, and log on for 10 minutes every week to mail stuff between them and your main. &gt; Are you able to change professions once you pick them? Yes. Hit k to bring up the spellbook. Find the Professions tab. You'll see an icon of a red circle with a bar through it, like a "no smoking" sign without the cigarette. Click that to unlearn the profession. &gt; About how long does it take to max one out? Hard to put a number on it. You can spend 100,000g at the AH (very rough estimate of course) on the profession's raw materials, get the expulsom from scrapping the stuff you just crafted, and hit 150 points in 20 minutes. (All that gold will go to waste because you crafted things useless to other people and you did it inefficiently because scrapping isn't a reliable way to get expulsom and you only had rank 1 in most recipes, but it's theoretically possible!). You can keep your eyes open for profession WQs that award skill points, buy the quest materials from the AH, and get 150 points in a profession without ever crafting anything at all. I'd say that if you do your "chores" on a new 120, e.g. the emissary quests and profession-related quests and things like that, you can expect to hit 150 skill points in 3-4 weeks while spending little or no gold out of pocket.
I'm not up to date on 8.2, I don't know either way. I was thinking mainly of ranks of recipes. If we're talking about alts, I assume your main has already maxed out their professions and is familiar with BfA factions and the profession system, right? Most crafting professions have recipes with multiple ranks. Several rank 3 recipes come from reputations with certain factions. Higher ranks let you craft the same thing with reduced materials, things like that. Higher ranks also give skill points in a profession longer. Now that I think of it it might not be possible to get to 150 in some professions without buying some rank 3 recipes, I'm not sure, and it definitely would require a hell of a lot more materials. For more details, Wowhead has a guide.
&gt; It just dawned on me that there was no substantial content added to the game since almost half a year. Sure we had new allied races and the crucible but it doesn't mean much in such a long period. Are we currently in a mid-expansion content drought? Crucible of Storms unlocked less than two months ago. Zandalari and Kul Tirans unlocked less than three months ago. In what other expansion would two playable races and a raid not be considered "substantial content"? You're not totally wrong, though, it does feel like it's been a while since there's been a change based on what my main is doing. I think this ties in to Mythic+. From vanilla to WoD, raids were the only way to gear up. It's a good week when you get 2 upgrades in one week just based on how raid drops work. So even the most die-hard players would take over a month to fully gear up. With Mythic+, you can do as many in a week as you want and you have a chance to get an upgrade from each of them. (Legion had Mythic+, but it also had a lot more incentive to level alts, due to the class-specific quests.) We can gear up just as fast as we want, so being done with a raid tier means something different than it used to.
A quiz that's in YouTube format. MS paint graphics. Please use sporcle.com next time. I never thought I'd say that. I used to complain about [this guy](https://www.reddit.com/user/ortrazs), but this quiz is one of the more gratuitous bits of video content in a while, which is really saying something.
1. WQs that reward them. You can get 5 expulsom at a shot if the right quest is up. 5 here, 5 there, adds up. 2. I should have been more specific. Scrapping random armor and weapons is an unreliable way to get expulsom; I'd guess the odds are something like 1/5 or even 1/10. Scrapping most trinkets is a very reliable way to get expulsom; 100 percent chance from most trinkets. Certain low-level crafted trinkets have reduced odds of expulsom, to keep them from being an easy way to manufacture expulsom, but if it is available at ilvl 300+ or so and goes in the trinket slot, it's almost certain expulsom.
WQs. In addition to WQs in those zones, you can buy a contract at the AH when you do any BfA WQ at all. Emissary quests for them should be a high priority. Also follower missions for those factions.
[Here's the FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/wiki/whatweknow). As for your specific questions: &gt; so does that mean that it's gonna be wow but very basic? WoW Classic is WoW as it was in 2004, or more accurately, early 2006 or whenever patch 1.12 dropped. It's very basic in some senses compared to the modern game, in that it has fewer levels (cap is 60 as opposed to 120) and less content (fewer zones, dungeons, raids, battlegrounds, etc.). In other senses it's more complicated. Leveling is harder, in general. Getting ready for endgame content like raids requires more consumable items. Stats are a lot less streamlines. &gt; what's with all the hype? The game has changed a lot over the years. Nostalgia is a powerful force. For years, some people would create and play on "private servers" not run by Blizzard, sometimes because they were free to play, sometimes because they were more like Classic or certain early expansions and they thought the old version was better. These were shut down by Blizzard whenever they got around to it because it's a violation of Blizzard's IP. Now, Blizzard has decided that there's a market for Classic. People who played on private servers because they liked the old version of the game are thrilled that there's going to be a legitimate version of it, without all the bugs and guesswork that plagued most private servers. Even a lot of people who didn't play on private servers are looking forward to it. &gt; is this a new expansion or a different "game" that you can download? Right now, if you're subscribed to World of Warcraft, you get access to WoW. After Classic launches, if you're subscribed to World of Warcraft, you'll get access to both modern WoW and Classic. Two games, no connection between them currently planned, one monthly fee.
For advanced gold-making stuff, see /r/woweconomy, and the Undermine Journal. For simple gold-making stuff, here are some tips. * Don't spend it. Everything in the game is a luxury except repair bills and flight master fees. (This isn't literally true, but most exceptions are either once-per-character or once-per-account costs or only relevant in competitive play.) Transmog? Luxury; that clown suit you get while leveling improves your stats just as well as something that's color-coordinated. Crafting materials? Luxury; go farm them yourself. That cool glowing flying tiger mount? Luxury. Nothing wrong with spending on luxuries if you want, but be aware that they're coming between you and whatever else you want gold for. * Get to max level. Everything that matters is easier then, and WQs are a good source of money. * Get big bags ASAP, and get a mount that spawns repair NPCs: certain yaks or mammoths. (Technically a luxury, but a really big one.) Loot everything. Everything that won't sell well on the auction house, you can just sell to the NPCs. * Making a lot of money and/or making money quickly with professions requires advanced strategies. For simple profession strategies... ignore professions from before current content, except gathering professions. In current content, again, pay attention to WQs. In the long run they're a good source of some hard-to-get crafting materials like Expulsom.
You're probably right that there are more extra-pricey mounts than there normally are in this expansion, but I don't think they're replacing mounts available from other sources. I'm not up to date on 8.2. Just looking at what's in the game now, the six BfA factions tied to zones each sell mounts for 10,000. Clearly not intended to be gold sinks. Then there are the allied race mounts, Two Sides to Every Tale, one mount craftable by engineering, a bunch of rare drops from Warfront zones and a few rare drops from BfA world mobs or instances... In 7.0 and 7.1 of Legion I think there were only like 20 mounts, and that's including the mounts from Paragon chests, remember how controversial those were? (Other mounts from this point in Legion: the spider, the ratstallion, three Glory mounts, about three crafted mounts, the Gul'dan mount, the five Falcosaur mounts... I might have missed a few, but I think that's most of them.) It's probably even or pretty close even without counting the gold sinks. I'll probably buy one frog soon because it's a unique model. As for the other gold sink mounts, they're low priorities. If I get to 399 and I've exhausted absolutely everything else, I'll have a tough choice to make. I'm currently at 330, so I have a long way to go. Until then, they're not for me, and that's fine.
IMO the best argument against it is that it would make all the problems with the Senate worse. Disproportionate representation for small states is indeed bad, fair enough. It's undemocratic and regressive that residents of a state with 578,000 residents (Wyoming) have exactly the same representation in the Senate as residents of a state 39,558,000 residents (California). That's not a good argument for disallowing DC, it's a good argument for abolishing the Senate. That is of course almost impossible, but so are lots of things that come up in these kinds of discussions.
Financially, it's good for Blizzard. Beyond that, no one knows. It's too early to say. * If Blizzard diverts resources from modern WoW to Classic, it's bad for modern WoW. * If Classic becomes popular and Blizzard correctly identifies why it's popular and adds/returns those features to modern WoW, it's good for modern WoW. * If Classic becomes popular and Blizzard misidentifies why it's popular and adds/returns those features to modern WoW, it's bad for modern WoW. * If Classic dies down to a tiny community of committed nostalgia junkies after the initial surge of interest, that might vindicate modern WoW's recent development strategies and developers would continue with what works. That would be good for modern WoW. * Or it might disillusion the developers and overall Blizzard community and leave them dispirited with nothing interesting to hope for about the game. That would be bad for modern WoW.
Not the OP, but there are plenty of ways to make gold in the game if you choose to focus on it and very little you actually need to spend it on, it's just not as insanely lucrative as it was during WoD and Legion. Follower missions are worth probably ~300g per day, roughly, requiring no time in the game, just getting your phone out on your lunch break. If you do 4-6 WQs per day that reward gold you can probably make ~500g from them in 15 minutes. You can easily get another 1,000g per day by soloing one of the bigger old raids, which in some cases can be done in 30-45 minutes. ~1,800g per day for an hour of easy content, repeated over six months, is 324,000g. Now consider that that's just one character, and not even touching professions or the AH, it's definitely possible to start playing during BfA and be at 1.5 million now if someone chooses to focus on it. All of the above was true during WoD and Legion, except follower missions and WQs were something like five times as rewarding as they are now.
Where did you see 1.3 million? I don't read /r/classicwow too closely. I found [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/bxvobi/april_2019_games_earning_bfa_is_really_in_a_very/) where the OP uses the number, but there are many problems with their argument. [Here's just one](https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/bxvobi/april_2019_games_earning_bfa_is_really_in_a_very/eqa9f0a/). Someone in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/bxvtpr/whats_with_vendor_mounts_beings_this_expensive_in/) did some math that puts subscriber count at 2-4 million. See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/bxvtpr/whats_with_vendor_mounts_beings_this_expensive_in/eqacrm8/), the following discussion in that thread, and the thread it linked to from 5 months back. It's the most rigorous discussion of subscriber count I've seen lately. A huge margin of error, but that's still better than most discussions of the subject. If the first thread I linked is the source of 1.3 million, it's ridiculous. If there's something else, I'm curious, but until I get more data I'd assume it's less reliable than 2-4 million.
Dungeon queues have nothing to do with subscriber count. If 100 people are queued as tanks, 100 as heals, and 300 as DPS, your queue time as a DPS is exactly the same as if 10,000 people are queues as tanks and heals and 30,000 as DPS, and a lot shorter than if 40,000 people are queued as DPS.
I'm sure this is presentism, but I was going to say a few minutes after that. When they're all beaten. The shield is broken. Cap is standing alone. He tightens the straps on what's left of it and gets ready to face Thanos all by himself. He has absolutely no hope of winning. But then, Sam says "On your left," and a portal opens. And then a lot of them. Everyone comes. People who were dusted and people who were thought to be beaten and people who were just out of the loop. The Avengers, the Guardians, the Wakandans, the Asgardians, the sorcerers, even Howard the Duck. "Avengers assemble."
[Howard the Duck](https://www.inverse.com/article/55385-avengers-endgame-has-howard-the-duck-cameo). Blink and you'd miss it.
In an interior monologue or omniscient third-person narrator, I'd probably say "DC".
They haven't merged any servers since 2014, and sharding was the first and one of the only changes announced to Classic (now in slightly modified form called layering). These systems seem pretty much set in stone. I'm curious about why. I don't know about any statements from Blizzard about their reasoning and the details behind it and I'd like to see it someday. Until then, requesting/suggesting changes to it are even more pie-in-the-sky than most proposals around here.
My cousin got married on 9/15/01. The wedding was near their home in Manhattan. The festivities proceeded as planned, but some guests canceled at the last minute, of course. The honeymoon was postponed for a few months because they were both doctors, so they were suddenly very busy.
At first, Bolvar didn't have the control needed for that. The Helm of Domination has a learning curve to it. If it didn't, Warcraft III would have started one week after Warcraft II. The undead of the Scourge have their own instincts. If Bolvar had ordered them to turn on each other or stand still to be slaughtered, they probably would have turned on him. And the Scourge wasn't all undead. The Cult of the Damned wasn't all mind-control, there was some mundane cult behavior in there too and a lot of necromancers in it for their personal power. Any of them could have seized control of the Scourge if they got their hands on the Helm of Domination. By now, if Bolvar were entirely in control of himself, he almost definitely could have dismantled the Scourge. But in the days and weeks after Tirion was killed, something like Bolvar's plan was needed to control the Scourge.
* [This guide](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/achievements/reputation/a-guide-for-the-insane) covers the essentials. Looks basically right but is very brief. * Darkmoon Faire is just dailies, only available while the faire is in session. So start it early and do every quest you can on Darkmoon Isle. Looks like it would take about four months if you do every single quest. * Ravenholdt: get a rogue. Boost one or level one if you don't already have one. Pickpocket lockboxes. I did it in UBRS, but the guide actually recommends a certain beach in Quel'danas. Mail the lockboxes to the character you're getting all the other reputations on. &gt; some reps counter others * The only source of Bloodsail Buccaneers reputation is killing NPCs in Booty Bay. This hurts your reputation with all four goblin towns. A convenient source of Booty Bay reputation is killing Bloodsail Buccaneers. This hurts your reputation with them. However, that isn't the *only* source of Booty Bay reputation. If you want to be quick, and just care about The Insane, then after meeting the Bloodsail requirement you can turn and slaughter them for the goblins. If you want to be friendly (or better) with both of them at once, then improve your Booty Bay reputation by killing pirates in Tanaris and Fray Island, which doesn't hurt your reputation with the Bloodsail.
Void Stone is great in PvP. In PvE, intellect is the most important thing for resto druids anyway, so if that's your highest ilvl trinket, stick with it until you get something better. As for the on-use effect, it has its uses but can easily backfire.
WITH THE AMOUNT OF EXPERIENCE YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT, I'M PRETTY SURE YOU CAN HANDLE IT HIGHER THAN +2. IMO THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN +2 AND +3 ISN'T NOTICEABLE. +4 TO +6, IT DEPENDS ON THE AFFIX, BUT ON THE WHOLE YOU HAVE A TON OF EXPERIENCE AND THAT MAKES A BIG DIFFERENCE. IF YOU'RE EVER LOOKING FOR A GROUP AND CAN'T FIND ONE AT +0 OR +2, YOU DO HAVE OPTIONS. I ASSUME YOU HAVE 150 ENGINEERING, AND HAVE BEEN USING THAT SMARTENING POTION BEFORE KILLING RAZDUNK, RIGHT? AND I DON'T KNOW WHETHER THE SCHEMATIC CAN DROP IF YOU'RE LOCKED OUT TO THE INSTANCE FOR THE WEEK, SO I HOPE YOU'VE CHECKED THAT. SORRY IF THIS STUFF SEEMS TOO OBVIOUS, I'D JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE.
As a hunter, you've got Aspect of the Turtle and Exhilaration to keep your health up, right? I never play MM but both BM and Survival have those. Save them for when Brutal Glaive is coming. Deadly Boss Mods and similar addons will help you with this, if I remember correctly. Beyond that, I'm kind of surprised by the basic problem. If you have BfA, this dungeon will be soloable at 120. If you don't have BfA, Heroic BRH has nothing to offer you that Normal doesn't except slightly better gear (and maybe the candle achievement, but that's a huge pain for other reasons). You can get better gear than Heroic BRH on the Broken Shore and Argus. Completing the Argus quest line will be hard if you're having problems in Heroic BRH, but a hunter with a pet should have an easier time of it than some classes, and it's probably fairly busy with people working on allied races; any of them might help you. Once you're geared up from Argus, Heroic Black Rook Hold might be soloable at level 110.
&gt; Is this a result of stat squishing, content scaling, something else, or people just not being able to get away with cheesing through old dungeons anymore? Mostly content scaling, or if not content scaling itself, related changes. Some people still haven't adjusted to them. For what it's worth, questing lets you avoid idiots like in your PUGs, I believe it's faster than dungeons these days anyway, and IMO is more fun than it used to be.
&gt; A book can't scare me in the least. Really? Have you ever read anything by Steven King? Or some classics by Edgar Allan Poe? I wouldn't recommend *The Strain* overall but I admit it had some scary parts. I went to /r/books and searched for "horror" and [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/9gfn36/genuinely_scary_horror_book/) was the first hit. Commenters suggest several authors I can't vouch for personally. TL;DR: if you never find *anything* in a book scary, all I can say is I don't understand how you relate to fiction. It's true that written horror can't have "jump scares" like TV and movies, just because you're turning a page. And comics have the additional problem that you can see a whole page at a time, so your peripheral vision spoils the next few panels. But even so, I just read [Countless Haints](http://www.cullenbunn.com/pdetail/harrow-county/), definitely a horror story even though it's in graphic novel form. I haven't read The Immortal Hulk myself, but I assume the biggest problem with it as a horror comic is that it's a very well-established character owned by the Big Two. Everyone goes into it knowing that the Hulk won't die (I don't just mean the "immortal" thing, I mean how the only comic book character to stay dead is Uncle Ben) and will be on the Avengers again at some point in the next 5 or 10 years now matter what horrible things he does in this series. There's no suspense about anything like that. But it seems like horror in the "world-building that's horrifying" or "bad things happening to bad people" senses.
Maybe they're doing something on the backend related to the patch, who knows. But they don't do patches this big by surprise. Also, I'm not sure the game will be down this whole time. The announcement says "During this time, you may encounter slow or failed logins and be unable to complete purchases in-game and through the Blizzard Shop." I'm not sure what the exact words are when the whole game will be unavailable for the duration of maintenance, but I'm pretty sure that's not it.
&gt; My recommendation is to get a baseline of gear from the starting zones and then use the board to pick a new zone. Chances are you haven’t cleared Storm Peaks or Shadowmoon on an alt for a while. Good general advice, but Shadowmoon Valley is a bad specific example. Lots of running all over Outland and through some dungeons. Overall, agreed, leveling isn't hard but that doesn't mean it can't be fun. There are small challenges here and there (one mob is almost never tough, but three or four can be), you get frequent upgrades and occasionally unlock new xmogs (that becomes rarer as time goes on, but unless you've deliberately farmed appearances or already have *a lot* of alts, you'll probably get some new ones on each alt), there are tons of stories in the game and even with over a dozen alts I still haven't done *all* of them, and it's a little variety in the game. Not for everyone but not as horrible as most people seem to think.
Stan Lee first had a writers' credit for a comic at 19, after two years as an "assistant". (It feels bizarre to compare Liefeld to Lee, but in context...) Joe Kubert started at 16. Those guys started pre-WWII, it was normal to grow up faster and start "real" jobs earlier back then, but Chris Claremont started at 19. Mike Mignola started at 20. Grant Morrison started at 17. George Perez started at 20. Brian K. Vaughan started at 20. I'm skipping over plenty of recognizable names who started later, but the point is, comic books has pretty much always been a young man's game. No credentials required, and all you need to practice are a pencil and pen. The audience is - or rather, was until 10 or 20 years ago - largely teenage boys, so people would just start writing and drawing what they liked to read. The age Liefeld started at doesn't seem like an outlier.
Like others have said, simplearmory.com can actually suggest a route based on what you already have. If your goal is to have a high total number of mounts, rather than a specific mount or mounts, you should be aware that there are a ton of mounts that aren't rare drops from instances which is what most people mean by daily/weekly farming. A bunch come from Glory achievements, which are one-and-done things rather than needing to be farmed, and a bunch more come from reputations, and there are lots more sources. The single best reputation for mount collecting is probably Tushui/Huojin, which will sell you 12 mounts for the low price of running a whole bunch of dungeons with their tabard on.
As others have said, you can get up to ilvl 400 eventually with Warfronts and Emissary quests, and also Conquest points. If you want to get there faster, or get better gear than ilvl 400, do Mythic+ dungeons and Normal and higher raids. You can sign up for those in the Premade Groups window, get invited by friends or guild members, or start your own groups.
1. Don't know, my highest shaman is still 110. 2. I think they might have increased the drop rate a bit. Also, the price of alchemy-related stuff has dropped a lot. There are a lot more alchemists with rank 3 recipes, we're near the end of a raid tier so demand is lower, and the Tools of the Trade item increases flask and potions created. They might not have changed how anchor weed spawns but it would be a lot cheaper on the AH right now and fewer people if anyone would be actively farming it. 3. The system is largely the same. Only relevant difference is that Artifact Knowledge (which works the same as in 7.3) has accumulated a lot by now, so it's really fast to get the first 30-35 levels. Major changes to the system are coming in 8.2, which is probably 3-4 weeks away.
&gt; Rob Liefeld’s creation of Major X was a surprise to many, especially after finding out the new series is set during the 1990s. What does that even mean? We're talking about a time-traveler meeting a time-traveler from a different future, and all this in a format where comic book time gets particularly weird. In real life, in the 90s, Cable had recently started leading the former New Mutants on X-Force, Magneto came out of retirement, nearly died, came back even meaner, nearly killed Cable and Wolverine, was put into a coma by Xavier, which caused Onslaught, which caused Heroes Reborn and Heroes Return, and Apocalypse tried to use Cable and 11 others to achieve godhood, leading to Cyclops being dead for a while. Is Major X jumping in when Cable is spending all his free time polishing guns in X-Force's headquarters, or while he's recovering from Magneto's attack, or Apocalypse's? In comic book time, how long ago did all that happen, exactly? Probably a lot less than 20 years. If that happened 10 years ago in-universe, then what were the characters doing in the 90s? Storm must have just barely finished fighting Krakatoa, maybe just barely finished leading the X-Men to protect Senator Kelly from Destiny's assassination plot. What was Cable doing at the time? This is obviously not the biggest or only problem with this series, but it's what jumped out at me.
Rep grinding hasn't really been a thing since WoD. I might grind a bit if I'm close to some threshold and feeling impatient, but the vast majority of rep on my characters comes from emissary quests. 4 quests in a certain zone, they only take 10 minutes, I can save them up for 3 days. That's not a grind.
If you are Horde and do a WQ in the zone Zuldazar and don't get Zandalar Empire rep, that's probably a bug, except *maybe* if it's a profession, Tortollan, or pet battle WQ. (Those might give Zandalari rep, I'm not sure, but the average "kill X dinosaurs" WQs definitely should.) Got a screenshot? The fastest way to get exalted with the Zandalari Empire, measured in calendar days, is to do absolutely every WQ in Kul Tiras and Zandalar with a Zandalari Empire Contract active. You can buy those from the AH. This would take about 3 hours a day for 2 weeks, very roughly. The fastest way to get exalted with the Zandalari Empire, measured in time played, is to do Zandalari Empire Emissary quests, faction incursions when they fall in Zandalar, and follower missions. This would take probably an average of 20 minutes a day for a month. There's also a questing requirement. You have to complete each zone storyline. Either way, this will be faster than the rep requirement but will still mean a lot of questing. The fast way to do this is to look up The Throne of Zuldazar, The Dark Heart of Nazmir, and Secrets in the Sands on Wowhead, check the comments, and do all those and only those quests required for them. A Bargain in Blood and The Final Seal should become available immediately after that.
When I follow your link, the very first hit is [this Wowhead page](https://www.wowhead.com/item=64377/zinrokh-destroyer-of-worlds). It tells you how to get that item, via archaeology. It tells you which items have the same model as that item. ("Same model" definitely means same shape, but might not mean same coloration, I'm not sure.) There's one other. If you click on that, it tells you, "This item's source is no longer available/removed." So there's your answer: archaeology is as close as you can get. Doo doo head.
Today, no way. (I'm not sure how fast missions spawn, so in theory that's still a possibility, but not one you can plan on.) You only get 10 reputation per WQ from a contract, right? So you'd have to do over 100 WQs to get there. There aren't that many available at a time. Your odds are good if not certain of getting it tomorrow, though.
PvP talents unlock over time. I'd have to look up when the first one unlocks, but I'm sure you have one at most by that point.
You've skipped a lot of side quests. You can always go back and do those. It's possible to get to 120 entirely by questing in only two zones. Alternately, dungeons or Island Expeditions.
A druid tank in vanilla? BLASHPHEMY! Kidding. Seriously, I tanked a lot of dungeons on my druid, but never a raid. Congratulations, that's some impressive raids to see when they were current content.
Got an ilvl 410 polearm from the Mythic+ chest for my tanking spec for my monk main. It's the spec I play the least on that character, but it was a 25 ilvl upgrade for that spec, so it still feels pretty sweet. Also got the Swift Albino Raptor from a random trip to Arathi Highlands, and fiiinally collected enough saberon claws to buy that stupid boar from the Saberstalkers. I think the counter is now at 332.
Because it's not correct, or at least, it's very unlikely to be correct in this case. A race change will only help the OP unlock Zandalari if they already have a character exalted with Proudmoore Admiralty. While they don't specifically say they don't have that, if they're asking how WQs work, it's very unlikely. Like the allied race system or not, it's stupid to call it a cash grab here.
Am I alone in this scenario, with one friend, or in a group of my own? The best approach I can think of goes like this. I'm single, at a bar with friends, see a woman across the room I'm attracted to, I think there might be something there but I don't dare intrude on her party. So what I do is, I find a place apart from both groups where we can talk. Ideally, an empty part of the bar or a table in the bar area, if one is free. If I can't find that, then maybe standing in an outdoor serving area, if visible from where we were and it's that kind of bar, or admiring some art or whatever on the wall. Before I go over there I nonverbally suggest that she join me - nod, briefly pointing a finger, eyebrow waggle, whatever. I bring my drink, and I just stand there. Not playing with my phone, not chatting with the people I came with, etc. Facing her direction but not staring at her the whole time. We can continue to exchange nods or whatever if we were before but I'm not fixated on her, I'm mainly just admiring the art, enjoying my drink, or staring off into space. I'd give her 5-10 minutes to extricate herself from her group to come talk to me. If she does, great, jackpot. If not, I made it as clear as I could without interrupting a private party; I tried. If I'm there with just one friend it's probably the worst situation. I could stay where I am and ask him to go outside for 10 minutes, I guess. If I'm there alone it's a little harder to make myself approachable, but there's probably some way to capture the same basic feeling. I wouldn't try this if I couldn't indicate *somehow* that I hoped she could meet me. I'm not positing sign language or telepathy, just a nod and smile. There's no point in approaching a complete stranger who hasn't even noticed you. But if we've exchanged looks, and the only reason we haven't done anything about it is fear of social awkwardness, the obvious solution seems to be creating neutral ground.
Artifacts aren't from BfA. Artifacts can't be deleted. [Source](https://us.battle.net/forums/en/wow/topic/20767667708). I don't know what happened to yours, but if you can't find it and don't have any weapon you can use, you can always buy weapons from a vendor in your order hall. They sell one weapon for each spec, just a couple ilvls below artifacts, just in case you want to switch specs and don't have a weapon for the new spec or something. Also, you can get back lots of deleted items with the [Item Restoration](https://us.battle.net/support/en/restoration) tool.
They're still in the game. At max level they're generally easy to solo and lots of people like to do so to collect rare mounts and other things from them, or just weapon/armor appearances they never got. It's almost impossible to find a group to do them at the appropriate level, though. Among other things, you could get better gear by just leveling in the following expansion's content.
&gt; He's sociopathically inclined to making entertaining content. He sees people fighting to the death in an arena as entertaining content. Sane people with an understanding of how stories work find that a guilty pleasure at best.
No.
Nature in DC: the Arboretum (nice but not metro accessible) and the zoo. (Rock Creek Park basically a highway with bike paths along it. Hains Point is nice for a jog or bike ride but not "nature".) Great food and nightlife: plenty of options. U Street, H Street, Chinatown, Navy Yard, Georgetown for the really fancy stuff. For one specific place I'll recommend Smith Commons on H St. Take the streetcar from Union Station.
Passive aggressive. I like it!
Once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, three times is also coincidence, four times might also be coincidental, five times I'm pretty sure is chance as well. But ***six*** times...
&gt;Stealth - still intact but mostly useless in instances. &gt;Soulstones - gone Is this trolling?
Was there no Stormsong Valley faction incursion this week? Either there was one but I missed it, or it's random and that one didn't come up. Either way it's annoying because that's where Call To Arms was this week.
It's good.
Thanks, my mistake. I'll blame RL.
1. As for why, Blizzard has to have some gold sinks in the game, mechanics that can take money out of the economy, or inflation would be even worse than it is. Don't worry about it, like the other guy said, gold is plentiful at higher levels. 2. Mounts come from lots of sources. Some are rare drops from raid bosses, some cost a lot of gold, some can be bought with some other currency, some are crafted with professions. The "coolest" ones you can get that are easy and reliable are probably the [Black Drake](https://www.wowhead.com/item=43986/reins-of-the-black-drake) and [Twilight Drake](https://www.wowhead.com/item=43954/reins-of-the-twilight-drake). Kill Sartharion in the Obsidian Sanctum without killing any of the three named trash mobs around him. One drake from doing it on 10-man mode, one from 25-man. May be soloable by level 90, definitely is soloable by level 110, and if you have a max level friend willing to help you, you can go get them right now. 3. Ignore them until max level. 4. No. Mine/skin/herb it while leveling and sell it, on the AH if you're going back to town anyway. In general there's nothing you get now that you'll need to stockpile later. 5. You can get a head start on Highmountain Tauren at level 98. For the other 7 allied races, you need to be level 110 or higher to make progress. Welcome aboard.
&gt; But is there any way at all to still get the light armor from these dungeons now? You can get leather items from those dungeons right now, on a character that wears leather. You wouldn't be able to transmog your mail items to look like it, though. Legacy loot for Wailing Caverns and the Stockades should kick in when you're level 71+, I think. You can take your hunter there at that point and solo them. You'll have a chance to get the items that way. You won't be able to add them to your appearances collection, though. In 7.3.5, some leather items in level 1-40 zones were changed to mail and mail to plate, to streamline leveling. I guess it's possible that some formerly leather appearances are now only available as mail or something. If you have a specific item in mind, look it up on Wowhead.
I'm OK with this in theory but at this point I hate to hear anything about the MCU without details about the post-Snap world. Far From Home is still two weeks away, the trailer raises more questions than it answers, Agents of SHIELD is doing its own thing, and several upcoming projects look more like prequels or alternate universes than sequels. Will we ever get to see what happened after the Snaps???
First, they're the second-newest class, and the newer one starts at level 98. By now they're years old, but still, people might think about alts for years before actually making them, might make an alt and then put it on the back burner for years before finally getting it to max level, etc. Second, they have almost no lore presence. It's easy to name multiple characters of every other class, including characters relevant to current events in the lore, and that makes it easier to identify with the class. People want to be demon hunters because Illidan is badass, or mages because Khadgar is badass, or paladins because Tirion is badass. Monks? There's Chen, Taran Zhu, and that's it, and neither of them has done anything interesting since Mists of Pandaria. Third, I'm not sure how to put this, but their abilities don't tell a coherent story. I'm not talking about DPS rotation or tanking or healing mechanics so much, I'm talking about the class-wide abilities and utility effects. Hunters, for example, tame beasts, snipe targets from afar, and use traps to bring down game they could never take in a fair fight. And so we have a mostly (but not entirely) ranged class, known for pets, a little sneakiness, and good crowd control. They play like you'd expect them to play. Same for most classes. Monks... Revival, Ring of Peace, Touch of Karma, Transcendence, Paralyze, the stagger mechanic, Black Ox Statue... It's not that they're bad (they aren't) or that other classes can do them better, but what do they have to do with each other? It's just a weird mishmash. For the record, my main was a druid for years and I changed it to my monk at the start of BfA, but all three of those bug me occasionally and/or might be why I didn't change earlier.
Then there's the Emerald Nightmare, in lore terms a problem for druids since vanilla (it's why Malfurion was MIA, and why green dragons were killable world bosses), a malevolent force corrupting the Emerald Dream, which is an alternate dimension the size of both Kalimdor and the Eastern Kingdoms, in game terms one pre-tier raid. Then there's the Nerubian Empire, in lore terms a cavern system spanning the whole of Northrend, made by an advanced species of arachnoids made by but not loyal to the Old Gods, in game terms one small dungeon and one average-sized dungeon but they *look* huge. A lot of the complaints about BfA baffle me because they have been problems for years, and this is one of them. WoW has literally always been terrible at doing justice to big villains or stories.
I wouldn't expect less gear swapping in 8.2 than 8.1. It's still less than Legion, IMO, with multiple tiers sets and legendaries competing with them. Earlier expansions, it varied greatly depending on class and how much minmaxing you were doing, but IMO the overall amount of gear swapping these days seems normal to me.
Varian Wrynn's father died when Varian was 13. Anduin Wrynn's father died when Anduin was around 20. That's bad by real-life standards, but doesn't actually seem all that tragic when compared to the average person in a world as war-torn as Azeroth. The place is a mess.
What are you talking about? Just based on ilvl alone, Legion Heroic or Mythic raid gear are comparable to drops and quest rewards from BfA quests at around level 114-116. When you consider gems and enchants, most characters would be in at least some Legion raid gear for a level or two beyond that. Legion legendaries are ilvl 265, exactly one ilvl below bind-on-equip drops at 120.
Basically no quest chains cross expansions. Some quests you can get at level 100 are important to level 110 content. However, they aren't important to level 111-120 content. Some stories might continue across expansions, but not most of them, and they definitely don't require doing the earlier quest.
If a Mythic+2 won't accept you, that's kind of weird. Ilvl 366 isn't that high these days but it's more than high enough for a +2 and tanks are still more in demand than other roles. Is this your main or an alt? If it's an alt, be sure to link your characters on raider.io. That way, group leaders can see that you have experience on your main. You could always start your own groups. Sane people won't leave based on a tank's ilvl or inexperience if it's just +2 or +3.
Warlocks are a bit behind on the DPS charts, but any spec can do well enough for +10s and maybe even +15s, which is where in-game rewards max out. Higher keys than that are just for bragging rights. Just so you know, they do worse in Mythic+ than in raids. [Here are the similar statistics for Battle of Dazar'alor](https://www.warcraftlogs.com/zone/statistics/21). (In Crucible of Storms they do worse than BoD, but still better than Mythic+. And if we're being really rigorous I think Heroic is a more meaningful point of comparison than Mythic. But anyways.) For what it's worth, I wouldn't worry too much about balance in leveling dungeons, especially not timewalking dungeons. At 113 you might be paired with 120s who aren't geared enough for Heroics yet, or toons that are still geared up from the last raid of Legion, or people in gear minmaxed for timewalking. Way too many variables. Balance overall at max level is pretty good these days. Play what you find fun unless you really want to reach the highest levels of competition.
I haven't followed the PTR closely, so I'm sure things in here are old news to some people, but it's news to me. &gt; Azshara's Eternal Palace Normal and Heroic difficulties will open on July 9, two weeks after Rise of Azshara goes live on June 25. Raid Finder Wing One and Mythic will open the following week on July 16. This is a pleasant surprise. I'm not looking it up right now but I'm pretty sure the last several raids had bigger gaps between the patches and being opened. &gt; Heart of Azeroth System Update: Essences Looks good overall. Looks like it'll be a bit of a hassle to switch between then when switching specs, but not horrible. I don't suppose it'll work with the gear set manager, will it? &gt; Flying in Kul Tiras and Zandalar Is anyone else looking forward to flying during faction incursions, going to the opposite faction's airship, and using knockbacks to troll people? &gt; Mythic Keystone Dungeon Updates Changes to five dungeons, four of them clearly intended to nerf ~~Cloak of Shadows~~ Shroud of Concealment. We'll see how this goes. I'm far from a pro (highest dungeon so far is +12) and looking things over it seems like no change for players like me. &gt; Players who manually group with a player that has turned off experience gains will now receive 95% less experience. &gt; Developers' note: This change does not impact players who find themselves automatically grouped by matchmaking for activities like Group Finder dungeons or Island Expeditions. I anticipate a massive shitstorm if there are any bugs or misunderstandings at all about this... &gt; Void Stone's absorption ability has been reduced by 30% for healers and 60% for non-healers in PvP. See also three similar items. Seems fair. &gt; All Battle for Azeroth professions (except Archaelogy) now have a maximum skill of 175 (was 150). This is really weird. &gt; Dismissed pets are no longer resummoned after dismounting. Finally. &gt; The orb used to open the path to Avatar of Sethraliss will no longer vanish if thrown or stolen. ***Fiiinally***.
Overall enemy forces requirement increased, at the same time as making particularly tough trash mobs count for more. Right now high-end Mythic+ is dominated by rogues, particularly outlaw rogues, because they can use Cloak of Shadows to get a group past many trash pulls. Patch 8.2 discourages skipping the pulls with those specific trash mobs, and makes skipping pulls more costly in general. EDIT: I meant the area-of-effect stealth ability, not the magic immunity ability, sorry.
Getting new recipes in a patch isn't weird. I wouldn't be surprised if every single expansion has had it at least once, and more than once in some cases. The weird thing is the increased skill cap. I don't think that's ever been done, has it? In Argus, Tanaan, and previous patches with profession changes, you could craft the new recipes as soon as you got them and didn't have to get more skill points on patch day. In hindsight I can't think of a recipe that didn't have to be unlocked somehow, so maybe this is just replacing a reputation requirement or rare drop with 25 skill points, but still, weird.
10 percent or so. Still the dominant way to way to play the spec. No longer the only option for it, or the best raid healer overall.
I'd upvote this if it wasn't a repost only about 11 hours old...
By playing resto. Seriously, I like the healing role either way, and the fact that it's the only druid spec that gets to see its armor and weapon is a nice bonus. (Yes, I know about Glyph of Stars. It's better than nothing but forces me to be covered in moonlight all the time. Can't see the colors of my armor that way.)
Interesting. Any tips? The balance druid Mage Tower skin goes well with the moonlight. What else? Tier 4, tier 8, and I guess maybe tier 19 look appropriate in moonlight... several other tiers look OK in moonlight, and don't depend on their color to look good for balance, so I guess they'd be OK, like tier 2 and 17... what else? Any non-tier sets I should think about? It's not terrible but I still think there's fewer good options than most specs have.
&gt; So am i missing something, or did someone at blizzard thought it was a great idea to not be able to farm reps anymore and hard cap them per day. That's correct. That's how it's worked since Legion. You can do extra work for rep and clear the map of WQs twice a day if you want, but the efficient way to do it is 3-4 quests a day for the emissary quest. 1,500 rep with a random faction for 15 minutes or so of work.
Someone had it in their quest log in vanilla and never finished it. They race-changed from Alliance to Horde at some point. They shared the quest with their group. You were in their group, or you were in the group of someone that happened to and *they* decided to share it, and so on.
&gt; When did this subreddit start liking BfA? Comparing it to the last three expansions, it's worse than Legion, better than WoD but I wouldn't argue too much with someone who disagreed because the problems with them are definitely different, and probably worse than MoP but it has a few good points and there's a big caveat because it's not over yet. Compared to its reputation, it's outstanding, amazing, awesome. This sub has an incredible hate-boner for BfA. I'm almost confused, although negative perspectives tend to be overrepresented in forums like this in general. People are bitching about it constantly. If the complaint seems a bit heartfelt or original somehow, it gets thousands of comments and gilded. [For example](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/btp9my/i_just_want_bfa_to_be_over_at_this_point/). If it's completely nonconstructive and unoriginal then it'll get downvoted like the guy you replied to. This thread about 8.2 is probably a bit more positive than usual, and there's a bit of survivorship bias like the other guy said, and by now there's been a lot of complaining, seriously, it gets old. But on the whole, BfA remains unpopular, don't worry.
Look at the ilvl dropped by bosses in the dungeon or by the chest at the end. You can find this in the game in a few places, on Wowhead, and at mythicpl.us. Reasonable groups require ~10 ilvls less than that unless there's already some problem with the group they want to compensate for (inexperienced tank or healers, for example). Groups that want to completely roflstomp the dungeon and be guaranteed to upgrade the key even if a DPS drops or something require the ilvl of the rewards from the dungeon. That's up to +5. For higher keys, it's reasonable to require higher ilvls. If you have problems getting groups today, don't worry too much, because the patch on Tuesday will have gear catch-up mechanics.
Based purely on difficulty of leveling, mage. But it would be really stupid to boost a class based on that alone. Think about what style of play you enjoy, what character(s) you already have, and more.
* Flying. * A lot of content. "A lot" is vague and hard to compare from one patch to the next, but a megadungeon (like Return to Karazhan, if you played during Legion), a raid, profession changes, and two new outdoor max level zones, and a bunch of new mounts and other collectible stuff... for people who might have been running out of things to do in BfA, or things to do they liked, they're getting a lot more things to do on Tuesday. * Lots of tweaks to the Azerite system and Mythic+ dungeons. These are controversial (both the original versions and the 8.2 changes), but on the whole, 8.2 seems to be improvements. * Nazjatar is one of those max level zones and Azshara is one of those raid bosses. She's been in the lore since Warcraft III, we've had tiny hints of her here and there, and she's fiiinally in the game for real. Again, controversial, but exciting.
Story: some in the Horde were suspicious of the circumstances surrounding Vol'jin naming Sylvanas his successor. Vol'jin's ghost and others worry he was influenced by someone who wanted her to lead the Horde to destruction. Investigators eliminated Bwonsamdi, Eyir, and a few other suspects, but have come to no conclusions so far. The night elves tried to retake Darkshore. This involved Tyrande carrying out a dangerous "Night Warrior" ritual to empower her and her forces. This led to the Darkshore Warfront. The Alliance made a sneak attack on Dazar'alor and wound up killing King Rastakhan, although Mekkatorque was seriously injured defending the retreat. This cemented the Zandalari and Kul Tirans to their respective factions and they finally became playable allied races. Xal'atah resurfaced and tricked some poor fool (i.e. the player character) into rejuvenating her. This opened the door for some harbingers of the Old Gods in the Crucible of Storms raid. That's the story post-Uldir so far, IIRC.
I stayed with one main from vanilla to Legion. I found one class that had everything I wanted, or close enough, and after I'd put enough work into it, inertia became powerful. After all that time, minor problems I had with the class felt bigger, and I was just bored. The start of a new expansion is a good reset point and inertia becomes a lot less powerful. So I picked another class with most of what I liked about my old main, but a few differences. It's definitely my new main now. A patch is less of a good reset point than a new expansion, but it's better than nothing, if a change is what you want.
N'zoth. And Yogg-Saron and C'thun are still alive, just imprisoned... for now. Return of the Lich King. Bolvar is not right in the head. Picture Wrath, but with a villain who doesn't make every single mistake on the Evil Overlord list because he's not an immature egomaniac. The Dragon Isles are the most important places that exists in lore but not in the game at all. There are a lot of places that technically exist in some sense, but we can just access a tiny corner of them. The Nerubian Empire, the elemental planes, the worlds accessed by Legion portals... Blizzard could expand greatly on any of them.
My main from vanilla to Legion was my druid. I liked having all four specs, stealth, and being very mobile. But by the end of Legion I was sick of not getting to see my armor (artifact forms were nice, but we aren't getting any more for the foreseeable future), and the slow-and-steady DoT/HoT-based playstyle. So I switched to my monk. Also mobile, also can heal and tank and DPS, actually gets to see their armor, very different playstyle. I'm still playing my druid a fair amount, but mostly for old content I never finished. I have three other characters with higher ilvl than my druid and my monk is definitely my main based on progression.
1. Get to 120. To speed things up, use fully upgraded heirlooms, but that will only save a few hours off the total time. Up to you. If you don't already have a level 110 toon (you don't say exactly how long you've been gone), you could use your boost on one, but leveling through Legion shouldn't take long. 2. Focus on the War Campaign. Quests in that chain start with Nathanos on the ship at the Dazar'alor docks, in general, and always appear on top of your quest log. 3. Work on reputation with the Honorbound. * The fastest way to get exalted with the Honorbound, measured in calendar days, is to do the weekly Island Expedition quest, follower missions, and absolutely every WQ in Kul Tiras and Zandalar with an Honorbound contract active. You can buy those from the AH or make them if you're a scribe. This would take about 3 hours a day every day for 2 weeks, very roughly. * The fastest way to get exalted with the Honorbound, measured in time played, is to do the weekly Island Expedition quest, follower missions, faction incursions, and Honorbound emissary quests. This would take probably an average of 20 minutes a day for a month.
Right-click on your character's portrait in the upper left. That will open a menu. Scroll down to the loot specificalization tab. Change your loot spec to protection. You'll start seeing shields and one-handed weapons drop for you and as quest rewards.
Assuming equal ilvl, the total number of stats between a two-hander and a MH/OH combination is exactly the same. I prefer staves, because it's easier to get a high ilvl staff than a high ilvl MH/OH combination, but I'd hold on to my highest one-handers just in case I get a lucky titanforge for the other slot.
Probably at least two-thirds of all toys have purely cosmetic effects. They make your character glow, or leave a trail of burning footprints, or shoot sparks out your nose, or give your pet a hat. Get them if you want but they're just for fun. The rest are a mix of minigames, like Jewelcraft, and utility effects. Some utility effects I like: * Katy's Stampwhistle lets you summon a mailbox anywhere. * Aviana's Feather is the best substitute for flying in Draenor. The problem is, it requires a garrison tavern, a little luck, and the ability to complete a WoD Heroic dungeon. But if you're working on the flying achievement there, you might as well keep your eyes open for the tavern quest while you wait. * Several toys can (or could, maybe they were hotfixed) be used for similar effects in Legion, and in general there's no RNG to getting them. Look up Emerald Winds on Wowhead and check the comments for others mentioned there. I don't have all of them myself. * Fractured Necrolyte Skull lets you teleport to the steps of the Black Temple. Convenient if you want to try to farm the warglaives. It has a flavorful twist: you have to sacrifice a critter. This might be the only useful Timewalking toy, I'm not sure. * Lots of engineering stuff, particularly the portals all over the world, but they're engineer-only.
&gt; As a rogue with over 130 days played, I remember having full Bloodfang gear. When I look in my collection, I only have 2 pieces available. How was this calculated? Is there any way I can talk to a gym to restore the old gear for transmog? If you still have Bloodfang in your bank, inventory, or void storage, and don't see it in the appearances interface, then try equipping the item or actually transmogging what you're wearing to look like it and see if that adds it to the collection. If you don't have Bloodfang in your inventory, you'll have to go out and farm it again. The appearance system doesn't keep track of everything you've ever looted, just (a) quests you've done, and (b) items you've gained after the appearance system was added. (The system gets complicated, but that's the essentials.) Bloodfang doesn't come from quests, just boss drops. &gt; None of my old friends play save one. I don’t expect they’re coming back and I’m not about to ask. Is there a server/guild that is recommended for not super-serious raiding/casual dungeon content? I just feel so lost and don’t know where to look for this kind of stuff. The game will direct you to "new player" servers. Personally I'd recommend a big one. See realmpop.com or similar sites. The game will tell you it's full, but I've had a character on one for months with no problems. Maybe it'll be a little laggy on patch day, I guess, but that's all I expect. &gt; I remember there being addon packs back in the day that I kind of depended on. Some addons sound familiar like Bartender, Auctioneer, etc. What addons are recommended in general? For raiding or Mythic+ dungeons, DeadlyBossMods or something similar is almost essential. Other than that it's all a matter of preference. &gt; At some point in TBC or WotLK shadow priests got nerfed really hard. Are they still viable? Yes, they're viable. Class balance is pretty good these days in general. &gt; What class would you recommend to come back with? I have experience with and enjoyed rogue, priest, mage, paladin, and death knight. What are you interested in? Of those choices, DK is easiest to level and mage is hardest, IMO. Personally I'd never make my main a pure DPS, so that rules out rogue and mage, but I know some people like it. If you want to try something new, monks are pretty good.
AS FOR PREMADE GROUPS SPECIFICALLY, ARE YOU IN THE LEAST POPULATED REGION? ARE YOU LOOKING AT 4 AM LOCAL TIME? IS YOUR ILVL WAY BEHIND? ALL I CAN SAY IS, TWO NIGHTS AGO I GOT INTO THE SECOND OR THIRD COS PUG I APPLIED TO THAT EVENING, DIDN'T HAVE AOTC, AND GOT IT AFTER 4 WIPES OR SO, AND I WASN'T THE ONLY PERSON IN THAT RAID WHO GOT IT. I WAS LUCKY, AGREED, AND I WAS A HEALER SO THEY WERE PROBABLY LESS DEMANDING OF ME THAN OF DPS. BUT STILL, PUGS WITH NON-INSANE REQUIREMENTS EXIST. AS FOR CRITICIZING THE GAME, IT'S FINE TO SPEAK UP IF YOU AREN'T HAPPY WITH IT, BUT A LOT OF COMPLAINTS DON'T MAKE SENSE. I DON'T MEAN "COMPLAINT X ISN'T THAT BIG A DEAL," I MEAN "COMPLAINT X HAS BEEN A PROBLEM FOR YEARS AND IS ACTUALLY TONED DOWN A BIT IN BFA SO IT'S REALLY WEIRD TO BLAME BFA FOR IT." TITANFORGING, FOR EXAMPLE: SOME PEOPLE COMPLAIN ABOUT THAT IN BFA EVEN THOUGH THERE'S LESS THAN IN LEGION IN SEVERAL WAYS.
Really? Which of those lines grew into the 90/92, or the 80? They don't match anything on this map except for very briefly and only on some pretty major arteries.
YOUR COMMENT SCARED ME SO I DID MY FIRST BIT OF RESEARCH ON THIS. OK, SO YOU NEED TO DO RATED PVP TO GET CONFLICT AND STRIFE. I'VE BEEN ENJOYING WPVP AND THE OCCASIONAL RANDOM BG ON MY MONK, RATED PVP IS INTIMIDATING BUT I MIGHT AS WELL TRY. THE GOOD NEWS IS, I CONSIDER MY MAIN SPEC MW, I DON'T NEED TO WORRY QUITE AS MUCH ABOUT WW. I WONDER WHAT THE BEST ESSENCE IS FOR MW? THE SAME THING??? AND IT'S *ALSO* THE TOP CHOICE FOR BM? TIME TO BUY SOME LUBE, I GUESS!
Everything is soloable if it's two expansions or more in the past. "Everything" is a bit shaky while leveling, but let's say by level 100 you can definitely solo Blackwing Lair.
I could quibble with some details, but I like the pathfinder system. I like how for several months into the expansion there's some semblance of logic and narrative to when and how we encounter quest givers, how the landscape is an actual environment and not a tableau, how getting around requires at least a tiny bit of thought, how you can't safely go AFK almost everywhere. It makes the world feel bigger, or smaller or whichever of those stupid buzzwords is the good one. Sure, I could always just choose not to fly after flying was enabled. But a choice as simple as flying the second anything gets challenging is no choice at all, and it matters what other people do because this is an MMO. I don't have my heart set on a specific number of months to delay flying by, and I can imagine ways to achieve these goals that would be very different from the current system. But I like the current system more than the BC-MoP system, for whatever that's worth.
1. No, you didn't do anything wrong. It's possible to get a lot of Honorbound reputation while you level, but it's basically impossible to get Exalted with them before hitting 120, unless you turn off experience gain. 2. It happens. Either that or time-gating, where things unlock over time whether you personally have unlocked it or not. In the last expansion the Suramar quest chain was gated behind reputation, and several other things were gated behind the Suramar quest chain. In the one before that I'd have to look up details but I think the Tanaan Jungle storyline was gated behind reputation. In Mists of Pandaria I think the Landfall storyline was, and I know parts of the Dread Wastes storyline was.
The Black Temple quest chain. You had to start it before the Wrath pre-patch to get the title, but if I remember correctly you could finish it later and still get the title as long as you had started it on time.
I'm enjoying my monk main overall, but dreading the fact that the best essence for all three specs comes from rated PvP, which I've never done. My paladin is my first alt, so that's worth thinking about. My second favorite alt is my warrior, and he also happens to be my engineer, and it would be very thematically appropriate to take him into Mechagon.
Just so you know, you can move your abilities around the action bar however you like. Your 2 key probably isn't his 2 key. I assume it's Demon's Bite. Those damage and hit point numbers sound basically right for a level 101. Don't worry about it, you'll get bigger numbers as you level up and get better gear. If you're worried about your performance relative to a group, try solo questing for a while until you get your bearings. I'm a little surprised by this, though. I thought demon hunters couldn't be created unless you already had a level 70 character on that account. If so, I'd assume you're familiar with basics of the game like this. Did you boost a character to 110 and then make a demon hunter, or something?
https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/c597fk/unlocking_nazjatar_in_82/ https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/c58ued/is_the_battle_of_dazaralor_raid_completion/ No.
What is there to do other than the gear treadmill? * The new essence system. Everything about Azerite is controversial but overall people seem to think this new stuff is an improvement. You can think of it as part of the gear treadmill if you want but it should also affect your playstyle in all content, not just competitive content. Same for the customizable trinkets, I assume. * A bunch of new mounts, pets, and toys to collect. Also the new mount equipment system, if you feel you've been overusing the water strider. * Changes to the transmog rules. You can now hide all equipment except pants. And if you want to RP a nudist, there are lots of skimpy pants in the game. &gt; Has the game always been so focused on maxing your ilvl? Yes. Exactly how it works has changed, but new max level content that increases the gear cap has always been a very common feature of major patches. &gt; If so, to what end? * To make older content easier. * Bragging rights. You get lots of cool stuff for doing hard content, and you can't get it when it's no longer current, or you can but it means something completely different then. * Because some people enjoy a challenge.
Patch 8.2 hits this week (when servers come back up in NA, tomorrow in EU), and all the best upgrades will be in the new content.
My daughter is 3 too. When I ask her what she just put in her mouth, and she says boogers, I'm relieved, because there's often a much worse possibility coming to mind. We're having this conversation on the bench at the food area at Costco, or on the bus...
Really? What a relief. My tauren is my main and yet she's still only honored with Thunder Bluff. (I made her in WoD, she was an alt until the start of BfA, I never got around to farming TB reputation.) I still have time!
Yeah, I know those are the recommended dungeons, I just never got around to it. I'm actually thinking about seeing how much rep I get from the Vortex Pinnacle, since I don't have that drake mount yet. Not sure, though. I've tried for it a few times and it was painfully boring.
Try something new. It won't kill you. BfA has encouraged PvP like no expansion since Mists of Pandaria, and as someone who used to only play on PvE servers I'd say it's working pretty well. As a monk main who's never done rated PvP before, I'm a bit daunted myself, but I'll give it a try. I already know that getting rank 1 of Conflict and Strife is trivial. No PvP required, you can do it with Incursion WQs with War Mode on. Feel free to run away when you see the other faction but as long as you complete the WQs, you can get it. Getting rank 2, I'm not sure about, but everyone says it's easy. Rank 3, again, not sure, and it seems no one else knows for sure either. But look at what other rank 3s come from. 15 items that probably come from the weekly Mythic+ chest, 27 raid drops... it's supposed to be hard. If you can't be bothered to even try, you only usually don't need best-in-slot gear for casual content, a different essence will probably be best-in-slot by 8.3, and there are 11 other classes.
My perspective on the Netflix show as a reader who's always been aware of the character (one pivotal scene in Infinity War, a few issues of New Avengers, he's the superhero lawyer when it's not Jennifer Walters, etc.), but rarely or never bought Daredevil's solo title: I watched season one of the Netflix show and thought it was really good. It carved out a niche for him as the superhero who really, really thought about the ethics of his actions. Not just superheroing out of generalized responsibility like Spider-Man or Superman - in fact, superheroing partially because of anger issues, and beating up criminals is the best outlet for it he can find - but superheroing with a very specific and highly developed sense of responsibility. The guy beats up small-time criminals, goes to confession the following day because he wasn't entirely doing it for the right reasons, uses his law degree in conjunction with his superhuman senses, and sometimes the story treats that as "cheating" too. His nemesis is a villain with good publicity and in the climax Daredevil is careful to ensure that he's truly brought down by the legal system, not a vigilante in a mask. Later seasons of the Netflix shows had varying amounts of that, but less than season one. There isn't much moral ambiguity about beating up undead ninja assassins, or the season 3 Kingpin. It doesn't work nearly as well when three people on a team have moral clarity about what they're doing and there's one guy wracked with doubt about it. He's doesn't fit well in a blockbuster setting like the Avengers movies. That's not only because he's stuck on the ground like Hawkeye or Black Widow, but also because what he does in the suit that goes with the briefcase is just as important to the character. If Marvel wanted to promote him more, they could make him the public face of superheroes more often, with Matt representing a certain hero or team on a regular basis rather than as a one-issue guest star. They could give him a feud with J. Jonah Jameson and both sides really would have a point there (that wouldn't make much sense with JJJ's recent character development, but you get the idea). He could be pulled into the X-Men's legal battles when a mutant gets prosecuted for civil disobedience (but he might not want to take the same legal strategy as the more hotheaded mutants...). I have the impression that the comics usually treat him as Batman with superhuman senses instead of Bruce Wayne's R&amp;D budget, and IMO that's the least interesting version of the character.
Yes, you missed something. [Here's a link](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/c5qm2s/after_2_hours_there_is_nothing_else/).
There's a portal in the Earthshrine in Stormwind/Orgrimmar, same as Hyjal, Uldum, Deepholm, etc. You may not be able to use that based on Cataclysm quest progress, I'm not sure. Worst-case scenario, the Kelp'thar Forest is in the same instance as the Eastern Kingdoms. You can go to Ironforge and fly west out to sea. You can just barely make it before dying of fatigue, if I remember correctly. The quest chains start from sunken ships in the north part of the zone.
Turn on low-level quests and go back to Stormwind, I guess. Do you see anything that might be Cataclysm-related on the Hero's Call Board, or in the Earthshrine, or at the docks in Stormwind, or in your quest log already? Next to a shaman in the Earthshrine there's a pool of water on a pedestal that gives you a vision if you click on it, that might be required to continue, have you tried that?
Haven't actually done anything relevant on alts since 8.2 hit, but I don't think that's how it works. 8.2 patch notes don't say anything about changes to reputation. The main storyline of Nazjatar isn't gated behind the War Campaign. There's a new part of the War Campaign, and it's presumably gated behind both earlier parts of the War Campaign and stuff in Nazjatar. 8.1 made the following changes to reputation. The "Get Exalted with X factions" quests count account-wide progress. Reputation is no longer a requirement to transmog appearances that used to require it. And it added new sources of 7th Legion/Honorbound reputation, the faction incursions, so those reputations are easier to get than they were in 8.0. As far as I know, that's it, and all quest chains that used to require reputation to progress in still do.
Gated behind the War Campaign, no. Gated behind other things, though. Some things are gated behind bodyguard experience. I got mine to rank 2 this morning and I think that's as high as it can be until I have the chance to do more quests, but I'm not sure. Several quests are started by item drops. It seems unlikely that you got *all* of them purely by exploring. That's quests. I gather that there's also random drops to farm and some secrets to find.
First, balance is pretty good these days. Second, no one knows which class is on top at the moment. A new patch hit yesterday, the new raid and dungeon get released in two weeks, and there will probably be a balancing patch between when they get released and when the Mythic raid opens. Whatever the highest performing specs are right now, it's very unlikely that it'll be the same ones in three weeks.
This, in the same expansion when people complain about homogenization and lack of flavor. Blizzard better make shaman totems a key part of their rotation again and warlock health stones should take up inventory space, but heaven help the poor schmucks if unlocking one thing has slightly different requirements than unlocking something else!
I'm glad I read it, like I said. It wasn't my very first She-Hulk, but it was my first She-Hulk trade paperback or solo series. It's a superhero series with a lot of comedy and "slice of life" stuff. Dan Slott put a lot of thought into legal practice in a crazy superhero world like the Marvel Universe. It was a bit disorienting to read now. The series started before Avengers Disassembled and the trade I read included some stuff through and after that. It was weird to see everyone being matter-of-fact about Wanda, Janet, and Jennifer being friends, and the pre-MCU costumes, and Disassembled had effects on Jennifer that interrupted the series' plots.
Not to be rude, but as the OP said, it's the one that published issue 4 in 2006. As I said in another comment, it's the one that Dan Slott wrote. [This one](https://www.amazon.com/She-Hulk-Dan-Slott-Complete-Collection/dp/078515440X).
Same for the Steamvault, the Mechanar, the Well of Eternity, and other dungeons that were only available at max level after max level changes. You can get better gear more quickly from dungeons from the following expansion, or simple solo questing. If you want to see them for the storylines and quest chains, you'll be able to solo them easily at max level or earlier. I think those particular Icecrown dungeons had an attunement quest chain and I don't know if it was ever removed, so that's an additional hurdle.
Sorry, saw "you spit your playerbase in the face", copied and pasted without some necessary edits. I'll take my downvotes, but for whatever it's worth I'll try to sincerely explain this: interpreting design decisions like simplified tooltips as a personal insult or attack is not a healthy or logical way to relate to almost anything, especially not a game's design decisions like this. They didn't do it because they think you, Dsingis, are stupid, or WoW players in general. That's not just not right, it doesn't even make any sense. There's plenty of complexity in the game at high levels of play, they just wanted to make sure that the stuff that affects absolutely everyone *looks* simple. They want to make the game more approachable. Objecting to that is 99 percent gatekeeping. Most proc effects have been on the random proc per minute (RPPM) system since roughly BC, I think. In patch 7.2 they started using a deck of cards system for some items. Both of those could be expressed as a percentage, but the full details can't fit on a readable tooltip. If you wanted to minmax things you'd have to use third-party sources, whether they put "50 percent" in the tooltip or "roughly 50 percent". On the other hand if you just want enough information to do mental math, just go by the freaking ilvl.
Haven't even got to Mechagon yet, still working on Nazjatar. (Blizzard should have checked my RL calendar before scheduling the patch.) I'm going to have to start using my bank alt more.
This is near the end of the Highmountain zone storyline, right? If I remember correctly, that's right near the new stuff for the Heart of Azeroth quest line. Maybe it got screwed up by the phasing. If you're max level, complete the HoA quest and see if that resolves it. If you're not max level, it's more likely to be a bug.
My only issue with them is that the daily quests are scattered around the map. The WQ system is/was better than the daily quest system in most respects, but the one advantage of daily quests is that they usually had one hub, and sometimes were all done in one area as well, and you could go there and knock them all out. But Nazjatar seems to have 3 daily quests at a time in 3 different corners of the map... what's the point?
Blizzard has discouraged no-lifing it for a long time. In Legion, WQs and emissary quests were the main source of rep. There were a few RNG drops but not many. In WoD and MoP, some reputations and valuable items could be no-life farmed, but most of them were gated behind dailies, and most of the things that *could* be no-lifed mattered less. (I'm thinking about the Laughing Skull rep grind, for example, which just rewarded an xmog, as opposed to the reputations tied to Pathfinder.) To put some numbers on it, Legion added 130 mounts to the game. For three of them, no-life grinding was not just viable but actually the best way to get them (Bleakhoof Ruinstrider, Pond Nettle, Brinedeep Bottom-Dweller). For the other 126, some of them you couldn't grind at all due to instance lockouts or rares with a long spawn timer. A lot more, you could put hours at a time into them if you wanted, but there were steep diminishing returns because there was a much more efficient source of it like emissary quests or follower missions. There are borderline cases, where the diminishing returns existed but weren't so steep or whatever, but overall - Blizzard doesn't reward no lifing it and hasn't for years.
I don't believe you. Let's assume your main is Mythic raid geared or equivalent. Let's assume you skipped the cinematics, did the Heart of Azeroth quest chain with War Mode off from the start, and took an optimal route from point A to point B everywhere. Let's also assume you won every pet battle on the first try, and only care about the pet battles that reward reputation with the local faction. Before encountering any kind of timegating, you have to do 26 quests. Cutscenes are skippable, most of the RP dialogue is not, and the quest chain takes you through at least eight loading screens. Then there are side quests not directly part of the main quest chain. [Wowhead lists seven](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/comprehensive-nazjatar-guide#side-questlines). That's just Nazjatar; I gather there's less going on in Mechagon, but it still has its own quest chain and stuff to unlock. Maybe a Mythic geared DH or other really fast class could get through all that in an hour if you didn't count the cutscenes and loading screens. Half an hour of real time? And with more realistic assumptions about how 99 percent of players experience new content? No way.
Haven't played my mage yet in BfA, sorry. Of the other specs you mention, in terms of fun, I'd say that guardian feels a bit worse than Legion, beastmaster and arms feel a bit better, and prot and feral are basically the same. As for other classes, I'm enjoying my monk a lot. Like a paladin or druid, they have all three roles; unlike a paladin, they're mobile; unlike a druid, they actually get to see their armor.
If you're currently on a 6-month subscription, you'll see the mount waiting in your inbox the next time you log in. That's what happened to me with the Dreadwake.
So, to punish Blizzard for this business practice, you're going to pay month-to-month when Classic comes out? Do I understand you correctly?
&gt; Is Chi Wave &gt; Mist Wrap since it heals the group? Mist Wrap is better. In raids, Chi Burst is often better, but in Mythic+, always take Mist Wrap. Chi Wave just doesn't do enough. &gt; Refreshing Jade Wind? &gt; Jade Serpent Statue? RJW heals the group but it is such a small heal, but it is on a small CD. Everywhere I read says to get the statue The pros recommend Jade Serpent Statue. Personally I use Chi-Ji, the Red Crane a lot. It's an extra cooldown, when we've pulled two packs at once or one really big pack and everyone is getting damaged at once and I need to heal a lot and also contribute some DPS. I know some people use Refreshing Jade Wind sometimes in raids, but I can't imagine when it would be a good idea in Mythic+. One more tip, [Icy Veins](https://www.icy-veins.com/wow/) is a good place to find answers to things like this.
Just do them when there's an emissary quest. There's a Tortollan Emissary quest roughly every week. The Emissary quest plus the rep from the quests themselves is worth probably an average of 2,000 rep (when you consider that some quests have bonus reputation as the reward). Assuming you have zero rep with them right now, that will get you Revered in about two and a half months, which should be right around the middle of 8.2. If you can't bring yourself to do three easy quests once a week, maybe you don't actually need to fly that badly.
FYI, you don't have to buy all the expansions. The base game just costs $15 per month and includes everything through Legion. The max level is 110. If you find you like the gameplay and where the story is going and want to do current content, you'll have to buy one expansion, Battle for Azeroth.
[The answer is in the announcement](https://us.shop.battle.net/en-us/product/world-of-warcraft-subscription?p=53490). At the Battle.net launcher, you have to click the Gifts icon near the top of the window to open it, and it should be there the next time you log in.
Yes. Financially it's cheaper than it's ever been. You used to have to pay for the base game and pay for a monthly subscription separately, and that monthly fee hasn't changed since launch to account for inflation.
&gt; I suggest that anyone who feels harassed by Asmongold and his followers to take the matter to court. In most situations like this it’s a win case for the prosecutor. &gt; prosecutor We really have a legal expert on our hands, here. Not to say I like or agree with Asmongold, I only know of him through this sub, and I'm happy to get the new mount essentially for free... but the lawsuit you're suggesting would be really, really dumb.
&gt; More dumb than the idea to sue McDonald's for making fast-food that potentially will cause obesity? I'm starting to think you're trolling. Just in case you aren't, obesity has actual, measurable health impacts that unfriendly interactions in a game, taken by themselves, do not. McDonalds is directly aware of and responsible for the nutritional content of their food and making people fat is a foreseeable consequence of their policies, none of which can be said of Blizzard's relationship to Asmongold's campaign here. And yet despite all those things making obesity lawsuits more reasonable than what you're suggesting, *they've never succeeded and are actually illegal in most of the US*. [Source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/govbeat/wp/2015/05/28/these-26-states-wont-let-you-sue-mcdonalds-for-making-you-fat-the-surprising-consequence-of-banning-obesity-lawsuits). Your legal claim is weaker than that. Also, if random players sue Blizzard and/or Asmongold, there's no "prosecutor" involved.
I switch to a DPS spec. It only takes 10 seconds. You can set up item sets to switch automatically to match a given spec. It's a bit of a pain while gearing up an alt, but once I have an ilvl 370 or higher Azerite item in each slot for each spec, i.e. with four rings of traits on them instead of two, they all basically feel OK.
I've been doing it all along. I've always played a healer. The last time I seriously tried doing solo world content in a healing spec was while leveling in Legion, on my druid and paladin and maybe priest, and that's it. We had these shiny new artifact things and it seemed like they'd lock us into one spec and we had to commit to it. They'd also just revamped all the classes a lot, so soloing as a healer seemed better than it used to be. My first artifact was the resto druid artifact and I leveled that way to 102. Well, maybe it was better than it used to be, but it still wasn't good. As a healer my actual performance wasn't horrible - killed enemies quickly enough and didn't die too much - but it felt horrible. No burst DPS (paladin is an exception), bad AoE, completely braindead rotation, fewer utility effects rewarding solo combat. By that I mean things like windwalker monks' healing spheres that give them passive self-healing from killing enemies, or the Predator talent for feral druids.
I'd agree that getting the Azerite set is harder and more annoying than actually switching specs. I'd question the assumption that you have to optimize your DPS spec, though. The OP just does LFD and LFR and is thinking about maybe trying Normal raids and Mythic dungeons. Personally, I check Icy Veins. If a spec doesn't have a trait to stack, like holy pally's Glimmer of Light, or a trait it absolutely needs to succeed, like prot warrior's Deafening Crash, I just use the highest ilvl pieces not already in use by another spec, get a different trait in each slot because most traits don't completely stack, and take Icy Veins' highest recommended trait if there's another choice to be made after that, which is rare. I put a little more thought into my main character's main spec but that's it. The OP probably doesn't need to worry about optimizing their DPS spec too much.
Farming Arcane Chests, maybe, and rare spawns. Those can drop manapearls. Arcane Chests are locked behind a quest, I think. A better question is how they got the reputation. The mount that costs 250 manapearls also requires Exalted. You sure you aren't confusing one mount with another?
I hesitate to stereotype, but when you say you were born and raised here, do you mean somewhere between Georgetown and the Palisades or something? This is a great time of year to find non-networking, connection-free socializing in my neighborhood. People have dinner on their front porch, or drinks after dinner if it's not too buggy. I haven't been to a neighborhood bar just for drinks in a while, parenthood will do that, but I know of a few bars where you wouldn't want to network and couldn't if you tried. I may not like the kids (and probably some twentysomethings) who were setting off firecrackers down the block last week, but networking probably isn't a priority of theirs.
You mean you're in Vol'dun or Nazmir now? Those give reputation with the Voldunai or Talanji's Expedition, not the Zandalari Empire. To get Zandalari reputation, go to Zuldazar.
Better hope your wife never finds out about Jenny Lawson.
Nothing wrong with a dwarf shaman. They work with the earth a lot and the very first raid in the game was caused by dwarves summoning a fire elemental. Draenei are weird in general. High-tech in an otherwise magical world, the pre-corrupted form of demons... I'd agree that shamans don't make much sense for them, but I'd also say that hunters don't make much sense, and they have those too. Blood elf paladins are fine. They've had priests of the Light for centuries, they have plenty of reason to develop a more martial order, they were deeply affected by the Scourge and paladinhood is helpful with that. Tauren paladins would be fine if they didn't look like all the other paladins. The Sunwalkers, an order of plate-wearing sun-worshippers, fits tauren fine, but they look like all the other paladins of the Light in the game. It's weird.
Essence requirements vary greatly from one class to the next. Wowhead has a guide to what is the best for each spec. Check it before you panic. It's easy to get rank 1 of each essence, and that's generally the main effect of it and "good enough" for Normal raiding, maybe even Heroic, and equivalent Mythic+. Finally, 8.3 is introducing several new essences, which everyone will be on an equal footing for.
Maybe we'll get one now. The Fantastic Four are a lot more interesting when they can interact with a wider world. When they're the only super-people in the setting, they're boring and white-bread. But when they can be a family of normal people with weird powers, in a community of vigilantes and crusaders and stuff, that's interesting.
Are you naming him Robinhoood, Robynhud, or Robbinhod? Or being original and using something like Finchhat? Heh, I'm kidding, nothing wrong with that. I haven't even thought of a name myself. I'm just thinking of a hunter because it's a fast-moving class I don't currently have on the Horde side. Maybe I should think harder.
There's a quest chain you must do in addition to WQs.
World content is generally pretty easy, but there are exceptions here and there. Dungeons get much harder than they are at low levels.
For non-allied races, you can level however you want and still get heritage armor. The only requirements for non-allied races are being 120 and being exalted with your home city.
The X-Men kept their identities secret from the public until Morrison's run. Tony Stark had a secret identity until some time in the 2000s. Either a post-9/11 thing or a pre-Civil War thing, I don't remember. Thor, of all people, had a secret identity for long periods off and on. [Donald Blake being a made-up person was a retcon](https://comicsalliance.com/tribute-thor/), and in Strazinski's run Thor used him as a secret identity even though he wasn't a real person, and then there was Jake Olson and Eric Masterson. I'd say Marvel was right to get rid of all those secret identities.
I don't know the details about exactly we start the 8.3 content or how it all works. I had thought there would be a new gear catchup mechanic replacing Benthic gear, but there's nothing about it in Wowhead's guide, so maybe not? However, the item level of Normal and Heroic dungeon loot will be increased, and the secondary effects of Benthic gear are only active in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace and those won't be current content any more, so Benthic gear will be less important in that sense. World Quests will remain in the game in 8.3. I don't know of any new ones being added. Not sure what you mean about them. The Essence system remains in the game and we know they're adding some new ones. Currently you have to do the Nazjatar quest line up to a certain point to unlock the system. It might make sense if they changed that, but it's not a huge deal either way.
As for which to try first, you can try them on the same day if you want to. Flip a coin or something. I can say that retail should have more quality-of-life changes and is designed to be more casual-friendly. As for which has more players, Blizzard doesn't release numbers. Retail is getting a pretty big content patch in less than two weeks; that'll probably be more popular for a while. Right now, or six months from now, it's anyone's guess. As for the "true WoW experiance" and saying that you "\*\*really\*\* played the game", it's up to you. Classic more resembles the South Park episode and the era when WoW had ads on TV featuring celebrities. Retail is the current story of WoW, the "now" for the characters.
On each alt I unlock all research options and followers. That's five different Island Expeditions, two Warfronts, and the War Campaign up to the end of the 8.0 content. I also do the 8.2 quest chain up to unlocking Essences and Nazjatar WQs on all alts. Haven't taken them all to Mechagon, though. That's the only "must do" stuff for me. Recent alts were leveled mostly if not entirely with Korrak's Revenge. I buy the heirloom from the Honorbound/7th Legion for flight paths. I do all that stuff just in case and because I figure it'll be worth it over the life of the expansion, but most alts are mostly meant for old content.
&gt; But if you want to even consider running mythics or anything higher, you are subjected to do the rep farms at minimum. Doing your Nazjatar and mechagon dailies is like 1 to 3 hours a day, leaning towards the 3 if you don't have flying. And you need to do this for a solid two weeks straight minimum. No you don't. You can do low Mythic+ or LFR with no Essences at all, or Essences that aren't so grindy. Just last night I healed a +4 on a shaman with the dragon essence as the major one and Conflict and Strife as the minor. It was a PUG and shaman isn't exactly the flavor-of-the-month these days. I can't swear from personal experience that I could have done it with no Essences at all, but I'm pretty sure those two weren't the difference between success and failure for us. If you want to do content on higher difficulties, it's true that you have to work harder for it, harder than you have to work to clear MC in Classic. But low difficulties exist and don't require massive grinding.
This has been the case since BC. I find the game fun anyway.
My guess: Chaos Brand stops being a passive ability. No one knows for sure at this point. Maybe they'll get their artifact abilities back, maybe they'll get a raid buff like Arcane Intellect or Mark of the Wild, maybe some things that are currently essential talents will be made baseline, maybe no changes. It's OK to have one really simple class if it's not OP.
Heh. Hard to know what to expect if you did that. Bendis is controversial around here even when he's not writing Spider-Man, so the character isn't the problem there. Also, most people here seem to think that Ultimate Spider-Man was the one Ultimate Universe character who wasn't turned into an asshole for no real reason. (Or even the one book where all the characters weren't assholes for no reason.) I'd definitely say that USM was my favorite past of UU. Even the most Bendisy or UU-like parts of USM had some genuine humor, or deserve credit for genuinely trying new things if nothing else. You want to shitpost about the Blob eating the Wasp or Dr. Strange being completely pointless, go for it, but that would have nothing to do with this.
That's weird. I was able to play for half an hour this morning. Not on the realms you have characters on, but they weren't all offline. I assume the maintenance is related to the PvP season bug.
I'm sorry you can't enjoy your favorite pasttime anymore, but based on this admittedly vague post, it seems like a "you" problem and not a "WoW" problem. * It's true that WoW has changed a lot over the years. Have you tried Classic? * It's true that leveling and the endgame are almost completely different games. I think that's always been true. * It's true that if you want to play competitively, you have to do grindy and somewhat repetitive tasks. This has always been true; it's just that what those tasks are has changed. * It's *not* true that you need to do all that grindy and repetitive stuff to play casually. There's lots you can do without minmaxing your character, including using level 120 characters to collect stuff from old content and leveling alts, for starters. It's just a matter of whether you enjoy that stuff. * It's *not* true that BfA is particularly hard to play casually compared to previous expansions, or at least, it's very debatable. You don't need any Azerite necklace progress to do dungeons or raids on low difficulty. Having to unlock WQs is just like Legion and not much worse than similar systems in the expansion or two before it. I'm sorry you're sad, but the problem isn't Blizzard's design choices, or if it is, it's choices they made six+ years ago. The problem seems to be that your schedule or tastes have changed. At that point, I don't see what that has to do with this sub.
[Here's a guide to gear in the current patch](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/dtfsmg/gearing_in_82/). To unlock WQs if it's your first 120, get Friendly with each of the reputations tied to your faction's zones and set up the three main outposts on the enemy faction's zones. To unlock WQs on an alt, just talk to the NPC on the War Campaign ship. Then Nazjatar, then the Essence systm, then Mechagon for one free trinket, then junkyard tinkering or the AH for any lagging gear slots. But the current patch ends in less than two weeks and I'm not sure how that will change, so you might not want to worry about it. Instead you could just do all the quests (story aside, a lot of quests are required for flying), or anything else. Up to you.
Is this your fourth post whining about the game over the past three days, or did I miss some? It's simple, play the game if you enjoy it or quit if you don't.
I did it on three or four classes I'd otherwise hate to level. I know a lot of people did it a lot more, but it leaves you so far behind on BfA stuff I don't want to do it just for its own sake. Maybe I should do it a few more times between now and Tuesday and just park those alts in old content the second they hit 120 or something, not even get their necks.
Take one final trips to Thelsamar and Teldrassil, the starting zones of my first two characters. But first, farm some rare mounts. Particularly Anzu since my main was a druid for a long time. I don't do that much in general, my mount collecting is focused far more on predictable stuff, I don't find hundred to one chances fun, but it's the last time ever, right?
Right now, maybe not. The next patch is in 8 days, and the next raid opens just a week after that. Sorry. Keep looking in the premade groups window? Gear up in the next tier, start a group of your own, and label it "transmog run"? Join a guild, raid with them in the next tier, and ask to go back and do EP later?
Questions about the Data Anomaly quest/event. Wowhead is less helpful than usual, maybe because it's so complicated. I still need the blueprints for Blue Spraybot and Holographic Digitization Relay. As I understand it, I need to wait for the Discs of Norgannon quest, complete the quest and hand it in, and then farm four other items from various sources (troggs, mobs in the junkheap, and the recycling turn-in). Then I use those to summon special Data Anomaly mobs, but I don't hand in the quests for those if I don't get the item; I save them for another day so I can try again. Is that right? Did I miss anything? Also, Lemonade Steel and Ultrasafe Transporter: Mechagon: the strategy for them is just "kill a whole bunch of the common mobs to eventually spawn the rare mob to have a small chance of getting the item I want", right?
FUCK OXIDIZED LEACHBEAST, STEEL SINGER FREZA, RECLAMATION RIG, GEAR CHECKER COGSTAR, OOX/AVENGER-MG, DATA ANOMALY, AND CRAZED TROGG. I JUST NEED SIX MORE THINGS TO FINISH MECHA-DONE AND I'VE JUST NEEDED SIX FOR THE PAST MONTH. I'M SICK OF THIS PLACE. IT MAKES ME NOT WANT TO PLAY ANY GNOME OR ENGINEER. THE THING THAT REALLY DRIVES ME NUTS IS HOW COMPLICATED IT IS. SOME OF THE DROPS ARE JUST RNG, BUT THEN THERE'S THE ONES YOU HAVE TO JUMP THROUGH HOOPS AND DO TRICKS BEFORE YOU EVEN GET TO THE RNG! I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW MANY CHANCES I'VE HAD TO GET THE ITEMS I NEED BECAUSE I CAN'T BE SURE I'M DOING THE TRICKS RIGHT!
At that ilvl, at the moment, you'll only get upgrades from Normal or higher raids or equivalent Mythic+ dungeons. There will be a patch in 8 or 9 days raising the ilvl of rewards from everything with some new quests and systems to work on. So this is a good time for anything other than gearing up. Finishing storylines or the Pathfinder achievement before the next content gets added, learning the basics of dungeons before they get harder, doing content from old expansions, things like that.
All answers below apply to BfA. Answers may be different in old content. &gt; If a hunter gets a trinket that is +X Agility +Y Versatility and a proc of +Z Agility, can a warlock take that trinket and have the stats changed? It varies. If the trinket came from a quest, the stats would probably be different for a hunter and for a warlock. If it came from a dungeon/raid/rare world drop and was bind-on-pickup, the stats probably wouldn't be different, but the warlock wouldn't get it at all. If it was crafted or bind-on-equip, the stats wouldn't change, and if the warlock got it, they'd have no use for it other than to sell/scrap/disenchant it. This is less complicated than it sounds. If you can see grayed-out stats on it, then the primary stats change. If you can't, then they don't. You can look at quests to see the rewards or dungeons or raids to see the loot tables of any boss, for any class or spec. &gt; Do primary stats always change depending on class/spec? Always on armor. Never on weapons. Sometimes on trinkets as discussed above. &gt; Do secondary stats change? If an item has Stamina, does the Stamina ever change (higher/lower) or go away if you trade the item to other classes or roles? No and no. &gt; Some items proc 'physical' damage, does that work for ranged classes as well? I'm not sure, but I think it generally would if they do the right thing to proc it. If it procs from "spells and abilities", it should work for everyone from anything. If it procs from "attacks", that means only auto-attacks or melee combat abilities.
I THINK THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THE FACT THAT BLOOD OF THE ENEMY REQUIRES A TON OF PVP GRINDING, BUT IS REALLY GOOD FOR A LOT OF SPECS IN PVE. IT WOULD PISS OFF ANYONE WHO PVES AND DOESN'T LIKE PVP. EVERYTHING ELSE? THE REQUIREMENTS FOR THE ONES THAT COME FROM NAZJATAR REPUTATION, MECHAGON REPUTATION, AND NAZJATAR FOLLOWERS ARE BEING SLASHED. THE DPS ESSENCE FROM THE ETERNAL PALACE IS GETTING NERFED AND THE TANK AND HEALER ONES WERE NEVER THAT GOOD TO BEGIN WITH. VISION OF PERFECTION WILL GENERALLY BE EASIER TO GET IN MYTHIC+ MECHAGON. AND THEY'RE ADDING SEVEN NEW ESSENCES WHICH WE'LL ALL BE ON AN EQUAL FOOTING FOR. IF YOU'RE ONE OF THOSE SPECS THAT NEEDS BLOOD OF THE ENEMY TO PERFORM WELL IN PVE, THEN THE BIGGEST PROBLEM WITH THE GAME IS THE ESSENCE SYSTEM. FOR EVERYONE ELSE, IT'S NO HARDER OR SLOWER THAN LOTS OF OTHER THINGS ABOUT GEARING UP AND LEARNING TO PLAY YOUR CLASS IN GENERAL.
This is technically correct, and IMO this is the best answer when the question is about paying for a sub. But based on the price of a token, it would take about $450 or so to buy a brutosaur. Again, technically faster to earn that in real life than in the game, but now the best answer becomes something like "do it with existing characters on an established server" or "don't bother trying". OP, if you want to do it for the challenge, it's probably possible. [This guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/woweconomy/comments/cztt9c/1month_wow_token_challenge_results_starting_at/) says he made 800,000 gold in a month, and that's with a character starting at level 1. So he could just keep doing that for 7 months. Or could work even harder at it for less time. But it would be a hell of a lot of work.
If you want to minmax things and jump into Mythic raiding and equivalent Mythic+ ASAP, [here's a guide](https://www.wowhead.com/news=301890/what-to-do-before-patch-8-3-be-prepared-for-visions-of-nzoth). See the section on essences and AP minmaxing. If you're planning on a more casual approach to the game, I'd use this time to do anything you won't want to do after 8.3. Work on Pathfinder or other BfA quests if you haven't finished them, do old content you might be interested in, things like that.
I'm as leery of Disney's hegemony over all our entertainment as anyone with a daughter who likes princesses, but our concerns about Disney owning Marvel have shrunk comically over the years. In 2014 it was "they're going to put Genie and Aladdin in the 616 universe!" In 2017 it was "Marvel is trying to kill off the X-Men comics because Fox's movies compete with the MCU!" Now that HOX/POX has revitalized the X-Men comics and Deadpool 3 is in development, it's "Disney would never allow a second R-rated movie in the MCU!"
Pillars of Creation is not required for Breaching the Tomb. Never was.
How about making Meltdown Mondays into a stickied thread? IMO it's useful and fun, and the guy who posts them doesn't even play the game any more. No hard feelings, and good for him for continuing to contribute to a community he no longer is as invested in, but it does mean the thread could end at any time at random.
&gt; I can't understand people crying about essences or a lot of grind. I often can't either. IMO most complaints only make sense if they're coming from best-of-the-best competitive players, or people who think they are. If you're already capable of doing Mythic+15s on three characters and you want to do it on a fourth but you'd need to get Blood of the Enemy rank 3, that would be really time-consuming and frustrating. But for the vast majority of people, for whom Mythic+12s or 13s on one character are usually a challenge (and I include myself in this), BfA is fine. Getting rank 1 or 2 of any essence is easy and is more than enough for most content. BfA has little content that you "need" to do on more than one character. So why is the system so unpopular? Maybe because forums like this overrepresent the most competitive players. Maybe because more players think they're the most competitive than actually are. Maybe something else, who knows.
They've said soloing old content will continue to be possible. See Wowhead's summary of information about Shadowlands.
Wait 6 days for 8.3. To raid specifically in 8.3 you'll have to wait a little longer. I don't know how much deep water is in the upcoming content, but I'm willing to bet it's less than is in The Eternal Palace. If you want to see The Eternal Palace specifically, Blackwater Behemoth is the only boss that you would fight underwater, but there are a couple places where you have to swim through underwater passages to get from one boss to the next, and several bosses that look like sea creatures are are surrounded by pools or even walls of water. Nazjatar is probably not for you.
For details, see [this](https://www.peakofserenity.com/2019/07/28/mistweaver-ability-spotlight-way-of-the-crane/), or Questionably Epic. In brief, they're talking about Way of the Crane: "Increases your Physical damage by 25%, you remove and become immune to all snare and root effects and you heal up to 3 nearest allies for 150% of all damage done. Lasts 15 sec." 25 percent of base mana, 1 minute cooldown. It's normally a PvP talent, but with the Conflict and Strife Essence, mistweavers can use it in dungeons and raids. It's a big change to the playstyle and requires some planning ahead, and it's very bad when you can't be in melee range, but when it's good, it's very good.
It's a long and complicated list, but it boils down to two things: quests and reputation. * Quests: the main storyline of each zone, your order hall campaign, and the Broken Shore campaign. Just do them all. No raids are required, even though some quests might make it look that way. * Reputation: Revered with each faction tied to a zone. You'll get a lot of rep from quests. As for the rest, you can grind it in certain ways if you want, but it would be a lot more efficient to just focus on Emissary quests. 1500+ rep for just 3-4 quests per day is very efficient. Don't forget follower missions. For the Kirin Tor choose-your-own emissary you'll probably want to use that for Wardens reputation, since there are so few other sources of it.
Fair enough, sorry I missed that part.
You should also get essences. Again, everything is up in the air right now because 8.3 is coming next week, but essences will still be useful in 8.3.
&gt; What are the specs everyone is talking about? Most classes in WoW have three specializations (specs). (Druids have four, demon hunters have two.) For mages, the specs are fire, frost, and arcane. All three are DPS specs, as opposed to tanking or healing specs.
They've basically done that with timewalking badges. You can probably complete WoD Pathfinder in something like 15 hours, real time, if you buy enough badges from the TW vendor.
You're right, my mistake. Armies of Legionfall reputation is required, though, and the Broken Shore campaign is the best way to get it, now that all the time-gating has been removed.
Frost is probably the easiest mage spec to learn. If you want a little more details to go on, icy-veins.com/wow is helpful. Good luck.
Not Cataclysm. If you have any type of enchanting, you have vanilla enchanting. Same for all other professions. If you look at your enchanting menu, you'll see expandable categories for expansion's branch of enchanting. Plus and minus signs, same as the comment threads here. Minimize Kul Tiran and any others you may have learned and you'll see the vanilla enchanting recipes you currently know.
You can get rank 1 with no PvP at all, if you want, just faction assault WQs. Getting rank 2 doesn't take skill, just time. Wins increase your rating but losses don't decrease your rating until something like 1300. Rank 2 requires 1000. Getting rank 3 takes a little more work. I got past 1400 rating in 2v2 arena matches. I found a partner in the premade groups finder. Arms warriors and unholy DKs go well with MW, I found. Wowhead has a guide. The good news is, you need to get to 1400 and do something rated every week, but you don't need to get all your Conquest Points weekly from rated PvP. Some weeks I'd just lose two or three arenas and win one, as long as I stayed over 1400, and got the rest of my CP from faction assaults or BGs.
How competitively do you want to play? Because unless the answer is "Mythic raiding or equivalent Mythic+", you don't need to worry about the huge grind on essences. Rank 1 of every essence is easy to get, and some essences are better than others but only a few are actually *bad*. If you do want to do the most competitive content, then yeah, you have to grind. Same as always.
I don't know of any lore that makes this explicit, but several possibilities come to mind. * Mundane fighters often use magical weapons. That might do it. * Earth elementals have corporeal form. When it's destroyed, the elemental spirit reforms in Deepholm just like demons reform in the Twisting Nether, so you can't really kill them that way, but it's still destroyed. So you could just break an earth elemental to pieces if you hit it hard enough. * Elementals are vulnerable to their opposite element. Fire elementals don't like water, air elementals don't like earth, etc. This doesn't help with someone the size of Ragnaros, but a rogue might be able to lure a normal-sized fire elemental to a body of water and immerse them before being seriously burned.
&gt; If you enjoy playing your characters the essences come naturally. Agreed, with one correction: some essences come from PvP and are good in PvE and vice versa. If you only like one of those and you're a spec where the other one is particularly important, you'll have a bad time. Blood of the Enemy seems like the worst offender but it could be an issue for one or two more. Really, I'm just nitpicking here. This wasn't a problem for me personally, even though it affected me. I had never tried rated PvP before this patch, but Conflict and Strife is good for my main spec, so I tried it, got CoS, and kept going until I got the seasonal mount. Turns out rated PvP can be fun sometimes and people (or at least I) should try new things! But *technically* there are some specs where the essences don't naturally.
&gt; exactly how to I unlock them? You should have a quest in your log when you log in. If not, it might start from your faction's headquarters ship. It'll send you to the Island Expedition guy for Horde or Cyrus for Alliance. &gt; I go to magni to unlock his quest? After opening the portal back home in Nazjatar, a messenger appears next to you with the quest.
Do you really see no middle ground between "just by doing Hyjal and Uldum questlines" and all endgame content from that expansion too? Forget about time-gating like on the Molten Front or whatever, what about the quests that require dungeons or raids?
Cosmetics are account-wide in this game in most cases. Character power, performance, etc. is character-specific. * "But benthic gear!" There are catch-up mechanics to get alts ready to *start* endgame, at-least-sort-of-competitive content. They don't replace it. * "But reputations are character-specific and they don't make us more powerful!" It's a mixed bag. At the start of an expansion, they make you more powerful because you can buy gear. Recipes are bought from reputation and they help you make gold; it would be OP if one human could get reputation with everyone and mail all recipes to an army of alts. Also, some reputation-related stuff definitely is cosmetic and as of 8.1, it is account-wide, like transmogs and the mount. &gt; Just relent Blizzard, please. I really do want to play this game again. How competitively do you want to play on your alts? Because unless the answer is "Mythic raiding or equivalent Mythic+", feel free to do so. Rank 1 of every essence is easy to get, and some essences are better than others but only a few are actually *bad*. If you do want to do the most competitive content on multiple characters, then yeah, you have to grind on multiple characters. Same as always.
Assuming you're right... and I wouldn't assume that, this kind of thing could easily be changed in a patch 8.3.5 if necessary... 25 weeks is six months. That would make it the shortest end-of-expansion tier ever.
That makes slightly more sense, but I wouldn't assume you have to max it out to clear the content. You didn't have to max out the WoD legendary ring, or the Legion artifacts in the tiers where they had a cap.
Um, er, I'm always a human! My mistake.
Google says "spelt" is acceptable.
This, and also, the whole level scaling technology seems particularly screwed up for healers. Also also, OP said the Oculus, probably the least popular dungeon in WotLK. The tank and other people were probably unfamiliar with it, which would make it harder.
&gt; will I miss out on a lot if I skip all the way up to DH and start from there? Yes, you will, but you can always go back and do it later if you want to, either on your DH or another character. For questions like this, the standard answer is usually "level the normal way at least once before boosting, making a DH, spamming dungeons nonstop, etc." But given that you've already tried that, and keep on starting other characters or switching to other games, but you're still interested in WoW, I'd say go ahead and make a demon hunter. Or maybe split the difference and make a death knight.
&gt; Would it be worth buying and playing BFA before shadowlands? I'm having fun. &gt; Is it fairly easy to catch up Yes. [Here's a guide to gear in the current patch](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/dtfsmg/gearing_in_82/). It'll be outmoded on Tuesday, but if you want to play right now and level fast, it might still be useful. To summarize the important bits: after hitting 120, unlock World Quests (the quest is Uniting Kul Tiras or Uniting Zandalar). Go to Nazjatar and quest until opening the portal back home. Then a quest will pop up to unlock the Essence system and get your first free essence. There's more 8.2 content but it's likely to be less relevant in 8.3, so after unlocking the essence system you might want to work on unlocking flying or allied races or other things. &gt; and play as some allied races? Thanks! Some allied races can be unlocked in less than a week if you work hard. If you last played during Legion, you might have already done so. With a focused but sane approach, 2-3 weeks is more likely for most of them.
The movies are definitely a very loose adaptation of the story, but each is internally consistent. Can't ask for more than that. * In the book, the gauntlet is just a mundane glove and anyone can handle the gems. In the movie, the gems would kill any mere mortals who touched them directly, so you need a specially designed gauntlet to survive and focus their power. Just different world-building, same as a hundred other differences between the MCU and the 616 Marvel Universe. Infinity War's story would have been slightly different and Endgame's story would have been completely different if anyone who wore the gauntlet could use it safely, though. "Oh no, another version of Thanos just came through the time tunnel and brought his whole army with him! *snap* Never mind." * In the book, Thanos' end goal is romancing the anthropomorphic personification of death and the snap is a whimsical way to show off. In the movie, Thanos' end goal is the snap, because of a quasi-Malthusian beliefs about limited resources or truly valuing life. Both versions of him are crazy, but in very different ways.
Anubisath Idol, Unborn Val'kyr, Iron Starlette, and Chrominius are essential for a few fights and/or very good for lots and lots of fights and are relatively easy to get. They should be high priorities. Beyond those, sorry if this isn't what you want to hear, but I think the answer is to just try to get one of everything. Especially now because 8.3 is going to shake up the meta. The more pets you have, the easier it is to get others. You won't have to level as much as you think because everything from MoP or later is level 20+ when captured. Hold onto level tokens for important ones that start at lower levels until you come to the content they're important for.
&gt; I'm interested as to your reasoning why this is a dumb take. Not the person you replied to, but it's stupid (if not just disingenuous) to blame Democrats for failing to prevent or adequately punish torture as opposed to Republicans for actually encouraging torture.
The idea that gods are truly omnipotent isn't held by all belief systems. In some mythologies, gods can be injured by mortals. Diomedes hurt Ares worse than Broxigar hurt Sargeras. In Norse mythology, all gods are doomed to die eventually. Odin's son Baldr is best known for being killed, and in some versions was killed by a mundane weapon.
This seems like nitpicking. Nebula was overwhelmed by the power and sensory input, she wasn't burned from the inside as soon as she put the glove on like people were in the movie. (Including the Hulk, of all people!) In the comics the Infinity Watch each used one gem at a time for years without issue. Would you agree that "in the book, people can handle the gems much more easily and safely than in the movie"?
Old content has always been relevant for transmog, battle pets, and achievements... for fun, basically. Legion and BfA have used old content a hell of a lot more than older expansions. Artifact and profession quests in Legion, Darkshore, Arathi Highlands, and Silithus in BfA, plus the 8.2 stuff... I'm glad they did and sure, they could do it even more. Not sure about your ideas, though. It's already pretty easy to gear up, we don't need even more dungeons providing max-level gear. It would also be a lot of work for Blizzard to keep them balanced forever. Also, a lot of them would be painfully boring, frankly, compared to modern dungeons. Confusing layouts, tons of generic trash, bosses with just one or two abilities. WQs all over the world would be just the *option* of *cosmetic* variety to most people and an unwelcome obligation to a minority of completionists.
8.0.
As for what to do with a fresh 120, [here's a guide to gear in the current patch](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/dtfsmg/gearing_in_82/). It'll be outmoded on Tuesday, but if you want to play right now and level fast, it might still be useful. To summarize the important bits: after hitting 120, unlock World Quests (the quest is Uniting Kul Tiras or Uniting Zandalar). Go to Nazjatar and quest until opening the portal back home. Then a quest will pop up to unlock the Essence system and get your first free essence. There's more 8.2 content but it's likely to be less relevant in 8.3, so after unlocking the essence system you might want to work on unlocking flying or allied races or other things. As for shaman-specific stuff, Icy veins has guides for every spec. There's also a discord for each class, see the sidebar, I think.
&gt; And if that goes the same way as the past 2 expansions I’ll be done altogether lol. The last four expansions, I think you mean.
If you're complaining about too much time or work to catch up alts, WoD had the legendary ring quest. MoP, of course, had the cloak.
1. Just cosmetics and stuff. You'll find a replacement for your artifact by level 115 at most. 2. The difference in performance between all races is tiny and allied races are no exception.
The ring required multiple clears of Highmaul and Blackrock Foundry. The last patch sped things up but I don't think they could ever be finished in less than two weeks each. I wouldn't say you're crazy. However, I might guess there's an element the rose-colored glasses of nostalgia here. Or maybe of worrying unnecessarily? It's true that progression is mostly character-specific but you only have to really minmax things for the most competitive levels of content. If you don't want to deal with alts but want all three roles anyway, have you considered a monk, druid, or paladin?
There must be some great ways to troll vulpera with this.
&gt; For new player which cant fly through draenor and legion, is full questing the only option ? Questing or dungeons. Questing is probably more efficient but dungeons wouldn't be terrible. And Legion invasions if they're up. Maybe they aren't as efficient as they once were but they're still probably more efficient than spending the same amount of time questing. &gt; And for 60 - 80 bracket, which expac is better for questing; wotlk or tbc ? WotLK, definitely. More linear quests and better organized stories.
I have to say I liked Beguiling better than Reaping. With a good group it was a periodic AoE fest with a bunch of green shit to dodge or die. Good if you've stacked classes to deal with it and no one screws up, I guess. With a mediocre group it was a slog with multiple corpse runs as people died in mid-pull and had to deal with the partially cleared ghosts on the way back. My biggest problem with beguiling is how it wasn't one affix, it was three, the way it cycled between heavy concentrations of each type of emissary. One more detail to make it more complicated evaluating how high keys could be pushed this week, what a good group composition would be, how routes should vary, etc. I would have preferred fixed emissary types for the whole season, or maybe even random emissary types with even distribution.
&gt; Is it worth keeping the 120 boost? Or should I just use it? The value of a boost is totally up to you. Would you play another 120 if you had one or not? &gt; If so which class is "boring" to level up? IMO mage and priest are the two worst classes to level. Priest is worse to level solo but at least it has the option of fast dungeon queues.
JUST SO WE'RE CLEAR, FOR THE PURPOSE OF UNLOCKING THE ALLIED RACES FROM LEGION, YOU KNOW THAT THE QUEST STORYLINE ACHIEVEMENT AND THE REPUTATION ACHIEVEMENT ARE ACCOUNT-WIDE, RIGHT? IT'S TRUE THAT YOU NEEDED AN ALLIANCE CHARACTER TO DO THE RECRUITMENT QUEST, THE THING AT THE EMBASSY THAT ACTUALLY UNLOCKS THE RACE, BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO YOU ARE NOW PREPARED! OR GET EXALTED WITH THAT CHARACTER. YOU COULD ROLL A DEMON HUNTER, AZEROTH AUTOPILOT LEVEL THROUGH LEGION, AND DO THE RECRUITMENT QUEST ON THEM 30 MINUTES AFTER THEY HIT 110. IF YOU DID ALL THAT AND ARE COMPLAINING ABOUT THE DEMON HUNTER, SORRY, BUT WAS IT REALLY THAT BAD? LEVELING A MAG'HAR OR DARK IRON IN 8.0 WAS A LOT WORSE! ON THE OTHER HAND IF YOU GOT TO EXALTED ON THAT ALLIANCE DEMON HUNTER, I WOULDN'T BLAME BLIZZARD TOO MUCH...
AH. AND YOU DIDN'T ALREADY HAVE ANY CHARACTERS ON OTHER SERVERS AT 70, SO YOU COULDN'T MAKE AN ALLIANCE DEMON HUNTER WITHOUT LEVELING TO 70 ANYWAY. YEAH, I SEE THE PROBLEM, THAT WOULD HAVE SUCKED!
HOLY IS OBJECTIVELY EASIER THAN DISCIPLINE! I'M WORKING ON MY PRIEST ALT. AS DISCIPLINE IN DUNGEONS I'M BUTTON SPAMMING NONSTOP WHEN IN COMBAT AND FOR 5 SECONDS AFTER EVERY COMBAT, THEN DRINKING, AND CHEWING MY FINGERNAILS WHILE MY CHARACTER IS DRINKING! AS HOLY I'M WATCHING TV, AND NOT JUST CARTOONS, REAL RASHOMON-STYLE STUFF! IF I WERE ALREADY AT THE POINT OF DOING +10 DUNGEONS ON THIS CHARACTER I MIGHT FEEL BAD ABOUT THE STATE OF HEALING ON HER, BUT GIVEN THAT THIS IS MY 10TH ALT, I'M JUST HAPPY THAT IT HAS A PARTICULARLY EASY HEALING SPEC
Personally if I were a betting man I'd say the level cap will be 60 forever. I'm assuming they'd do something behind the scenes to BfA and future expansions to make them roughly as easy to solo as old content is now. I'm not sure what that is, but Blizzard still has 2 and a half years to figure it out.
This seems like a no-win situation. You want to be able to get to 120 from doing just the "main" missions? Some people are annoyed that there are so many more quests in the game than you need to get to 120.
Exalted with Voldunai, The Secrets in the Sands story achievement, and the recruitment quest. Wowhead has a guide with details.
The text of the ability is a lot more meaningful than the name of it. The paladin ability Cleanse Toxins doesn't remove the drunkenness effect, the shaman ability Purge doesn't make you vomit...
Casting != attacking. No casters use their weapons in casting animations. All melee DPS use their weapons in attack animations, as far as I know, except monks.
Yes.
Dun Bald**a**r is the Alliance base in Alterac Valley. The Cataclysm dungeon where the second to last boss summons fire elementals is Tol Barad.
Do the 8.3 quest line. [Here's a guide](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/visions-of-nzoth-introduction-questline-horrific-visions-assaults). Haven't finished it myself. It might be hard if you aren't geared yet but should be doable if you're careful and focus on the objectives rather than getting distracted by random shiny things.
There's already an Uldum portal in SW/Org, it's just not in the "main" portal room. Go to the Cataclysm portal area. The Horde portal to the Jade Forest is pretty close to the Mogu'shan Vaults. The Alliance portal is farther. I admit I'm not looking forward to doing that quest on an Alliance character that's not a mage, Dark Iron, or engineer.
Honestly, neither. Both those classes are pretty easy to level. DKs start at 55 at the moment, monks get an experience buff until level 80 or something. They both have tank specs for fast dungeon queues and invincibility in the open world. Basically every class is harder to level than those two except demon hunters. Save the boost for a mage, priest, or rogue IMO.
&gt; Should I play WoW classic or the latest expansion?? Personally I find retail more fun. Up to you though. You can pay $15 for a month and try both and see. That won't get you BfA, but it'll get you Legion, and the mechanical differences between them aren't all that huge. &gt; Am I going to be completely lost when it comes to gameplay? Yes, but in both cases that's OK. Even if you don't remember the essentials of Classic, it's so slow and simple that you have plenty of time to learn how things work. Retail is easy to play casually and guides you carefully through the important stuff, in general.
Do the nonrepeatable storyline quests, the Emissary quests, the faction assault quests, and forget about reputation otherwise. Make Tortollan and Champions WQs a priority when doing Emissaries because there aren't really storylines for them. There are no Emissaries for Mechagon, but every day there is one WQ. Do that instead. In addition to the Nazjatar Emissary when it's up, also aim for the weekly quest in Mardivas' laboratory, and the three daily follower quests when you have time. If your only goal is Pathfinder, then as soon as you hit Revered with one faction, which shouldn't take too long, you can skip it in the future and devote more time to the others or other activities entirely. All this should take an hour a day or less unless you get distracted a lot and would get you to Pathfinder in less than a month. There's lots more you can do, of course, but that's the efficient way, IMO.
When monks are in tank spec, they are in the front, like warriors and paladins. One quick correction, in general the DPS aren't behind the tanks. In general they're behind the boss.
At low levels, let's say 1-30, most quests will be faction-specific. The other faction will have no equivalent except maybe in a very general sense, e.g. they both have quests that direct them to their main city, things like that. From 30ish to 110, most quests are either completely neutral or have close equivalents on either faction. If they're completely neutral, characters of both factions will talk to the same NPCs to start and end the quest and do the same things on the quest. Equivalents might mean quests from different hubs to do the same things, or very similar things. There might be a battle and Alliance and Horde players participate in opposite sides of it, for example. Horde players might plant a bomb and Alliance players might defuse it. Quests that used to be endgame content in previous expansions are very likely to be completely neutral or have close equivalents, with a few exceptions. From 110 to 119, most quests will be faction-specific, and equivalents will be rarer. In Battle for Azeroth content, the different factions level on different continents. At 120 there's a War Campaign storyline, and some parts of it are close equivalents, but for some parts of it each faction is doing their own thing.
Old content on retail is mostly soloable. You want to see it and collect the items for the experience, go ahead, lots of people do. It won't be a challenge or a social experience though.
Another free mount for doing what I was doing anyway? Can't complain. I think I like this more than the last one. Not sure, though, what's that junk on its back?
Faction assault WQs require no actual PvP.
Not going to create a Joybird account to read that link, but "in DC or just outside it" seems less important than "Metro-accessible or not." If you're from a car-centric area, you may not realize that DC is less car-centric. Parking downtown is expensive, hard to find, or both. Traffic is slow in good conditions and bad conditions are common. Valuables left in cars are common targets of opportunity for thieves. By contrast, public transportation, for all that we complain about it on this sub, is much better than is available to 90 percent of Americans. It still may not be great for you based on your plans or personal needs, though. There are Metro-accessible places in Arlington and metro-inaccessible places in DC. Also, Arlington, unlike Maryland, is separated from DC by a river, so all traffic between Arlington and DC funnels through just a few bridges. Factor the expense and stress of parking into the cost of a Airbnb that's not Metro-accessible.
The reputation seems pretty important. Cosmetics aside (but that's the most important thing!) they provide rank 3 of three essences and the infinite augment rune. I'd agree that other rewards seem nominal, the highest priority 8.3 content seems to be the visions and the mini-vision with the daily quest, but I'm still not sure. I'm still figuring this patch out. I know I've missed some dailies due to real life, old content, or just not knowing what my priorities were. Realistically I'm not worried, it's still very early, but it's annoying.
[Here's Wowhead's guide](https://www.wowhead.com/news=305319/patch-8-3-visions-of-nzoth-survival-guide-giveaway#black-empire-boa-gear). You also get several items over the course of the [quest chain](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/visions-of-nzoth-introduction-questline-horrific-visions-assaults). And when Season 4 starts, the ilvl of all dungeons will go up.
The Sentry. In-universe, that's Marvel's heaviest hitter who probably won't appear this year. That might be the answer in terms of character popularity as well. With the HOX/POC setup, every mutant from Marvel's history could appear at any time. Immortal Hulk is a cavalcade of continuity. In the Avengers family of characters, I think Hank Pym is currently dead. Everyone else is either currently appearing in a book or more obscure than him, as far as I can tell. This question is probably easier to answer for DC, with so many legacies. Hal Jordan, Alan Scott, John Stewart, Guy Gardner, Kyle Rayner, not to mention newer characters... each of them has been *the* Green Lantern at some point, and chances are at least one of them will spend any given year dead or in limbo.
If you just do the assaults and nothing else, it would take you 33.6 weeks to get exalted. (500 rep from minor assaults, 1500 rep from major, weeks alternate between one minor or two major, so an average of 1,250 rep divided into 42,000 rep needed is 33.6). That's not counting what you get from the initial quest line. Also, it's hard to imagine doing the assaults and absolutely nothing else, due to all the random rares and encounters.
Junkyard Architect is probably the worst part of Mecha-Done. All the rare-hunting of Rest in Pistons, because a lot of the blueprints drop from specific rares, plus extra confusion and complexity because lots of them drop from other sources. I'm currently missing three parts of that, one part of Junkyard Melomaniac, and one part of Available in Eight Colors.
What's your level? There was a new patch on Tuesday, with a lot of new max level content. In certain zones you'll see lots of people talking about endgame stuff. But while leveling there won't be many people around you and they won't have much to talk about.
It seems a bit too complicated, but other than that it's fine. Right now is a bad time to judge because season 4 hasn't actually started yet, so we've only seen about half the patch. &gt;A short mention of the story, I think I kinda want legion timegating back (preferably suramar but the others even.) No offense, but I'm saving this post for the next time I see someone bitching about the BfA style of time-gating or making fun of "you think you do, but you don't".
What level are you? I think the level scaling technology doesn't handle healing well. If you're in your 20s or 30s, you might find it goes better near the end of a level bracket, e.g. level 50 or 75. You'd have more of your toolkit and your real level would be the same as or higher than most of the group. To answer the question, I think holy priest is the easiest healer, but they all have their strengths and weaknesses. Monk is fine once you know what you're doing and are level 110+.
Dark Iron in the Searing Gorge and Burning Steppes might do it. Just so you know, though, each expansion has separate profession progress. You don't need to finish the Classic stuff to start Burning Crusade or any other parts.
Start on easy difficulties and work your way up. You don't even need the right Azerite gear to do the job in Normal and Heroic dungeons. Higher difficulties get harder but you have plenty of time to gear up as you learn.
The patch "chores" seem kind of complicated: daily minor vision quest, at least weekly horrific vision and ideally more, one weekly major assault and two minor, daily quests and random rares and events in the assault zones for minor additional rewards. Plus all the stuff from earlier in the expansion. That sound right? Not too time-consuming, but confusing. It feels weird, the way they're phasing in the mechanics. We've got the stuff above, some corrupted gear but also still WF/TF from most sources, and still Beguiling instead of Awakened. If it feels like only half a patch, well, there's a reason for that.
Define "successful." Personally I prefer retail.
Yes, you will. Source: my Dark Iron paladin runs around with a flail.
Yes, you need one set of Azerite armor per spec if you want to play anywhere near competitively with both of them. Also, unholy and frost need different weapons.
I don't know of an official lore explanation that explains how they can behave the way they're shown to behave in the game. If I were to make one up, it would be something like this: a combination of shamanism and engineering has given them mastery over deep elemental spirits. It's teleporting like engineers do, but it only goes from one bit of deep bedrock to another.
I wanted to ask about Rising Mist. * I assume Rising Mist is basically just for raids, and you'd still want Focused Thunder and Way of the Crane in Mythic+, right? * This requires being in melee range of a target basically all the time. Are there any fights in Ny'alotha where that's a problem? Didn't raid yesterday. * Anyone else just think it's weird, having one melee healing build with Way of the Crane and another completely different melee healing build with Rising Mist?
Yes, killing the boss automatically ends the vision. Do any wings you're going to do before that.
Epic stories like in the Burning Crusade? You know, when Illidan and Kael'thas, cool good guys from the RTS, became bad guys for no reason? When the draenei were retconned to being cousins of the eredar? When Illidan, the boss in the preview and box art and all the hype was killed in the first patch, and then Kil'jaeden and the Sunwell came out of the blue? When important parts of the story with Anveena and stuff was told in a tie-in comic? Well, maybe not. Epic stories like Wrath of the Lich King, maybe? The expansion where we were promised an entire underground Nerubian empire spanning the whole continent, and actually got just one small and one medium-sized dungeon? You know, the expansion where the big bad made every mistake in the Evil Overlord list? When the good guys' big plan was to hold a tournament on the Lich King's doorstep? When the Alliance and Horde fought each other in the middle of storming the citadel? The expansion when the bad guy actually won, but the good guys were saved by a deux ex machina? Hmmm. "Telling the main, epic story well" and "delivering on the big ideas" have always been the game's biggest problems. I enjoy it for the gameplay, for all the random stuff to do and collect, and for the side stories, which are often better than the big stories. If I went into WoW expecting Robert Jordan, I'd be very disappointed.
Think of allied races as a veteran bonus, or a reward for staying subbed even when content isn't fresh, if you want, because that's basically what they are. Blame Blizzard for not making this clearer in the promotional stuff, sure. Unlocking them was trivial if you basically just played the game at max level on any one character for a while. In eight out of 10 cases (Mag'har and Dark Iron are the exceptions) I and a lot of other people completed the requirements to unlock them before they were even announced, or very close. But if you just started playing for the first time and want to play an allied race, you're going to have a bad time. Sorry.
Interesting, thanks. I used it once last week in Eternal Palace to get a feel for it. I'll try it in Mythic+ this week and see how it goes.
I'll answer these questions in order of how easy they are, not in the order you asked them... &gt;Am I a high enough level yet to even be taking on raids/dungeons? I've done a few but I feel a bit out of place as everyone is a much higher level than me. You aren't high enough for raids, but you're high enough for dungeons. In dungeons while leveling, the content is scaled to your individual level. You've noticed how enemies in the world increase in level when you do? The same thing happens in dungeons. if other people seem to be doing better in the group than you, that's probably just because they're more experienced and have done it on their main character. They may also have heirlooms, so their gear would be better. Don't worry about those on your first character. &gt; I also keep seeing "mythic +4" or "visions" around and I'm not too clear what they even are, I understand that they're types of dungeons but how do they differ from the regular one? These are both end-game content, don't worry about them yet. Mythic+4 is a difficulty level of a dungeon. All enemies in it have their damage and hit points increased by a certain percentage and at +4, two "affixes" are present, making them more powerful or creating environmental hazards in certain ways. "Visions" aren't exactly dungeons, they're instances that can be done solo or in a group. It's easy and quick to do the "main" objective but there are optional objectives with greater difficulty you can do for additional rewards. They were just added last week and people are still figuring them out. &gt; I started playing WoW a few days ago and I'm now a level 30 fury warrior, I'm really enjoying it so far! At the moment I'm playing through some quests in the Hinterlands, but I'm a bit confused as to what the best way to progress is. The expansions and the structure of the game confuse me a lot. I understand the order of the expansions, but how do I play their content, is it all done through raids/dungeons? So, you're in expansion content right now, sort of. The Hinterlands was in the base game (you can see it in Classic), but was revamped in Cataclysm (less than some zones, but still changed somewhat). You'll progress through expansions as you level. You'll probably do it out of order, and probably skip a lot. There's more content in the game than you need to level. Most storylines in the game come to their climax in dungeons or raids, and it would be hard to see those while you level. But don't worry, you can always go back and solo them when you outlevel them, or see them on another character. This is getting streamlined in the next expansion.
How competitively do you want to play on a given character? Unless the answer is "Cutting Edge", don't worry about it. It's easy to get rank 1 and 2 of any essence, and that's good enough for anything but Mythic raids or equivalent Mythic+. Several of them come from content that you're going to do anyway or you wouldn't want the essence. I've been too busy on my main to play alts too much over the past week, but I played several of them in 8.2, and they were fine with just three or four essences, most of which weren't on rank 3. If you *do* want to do competitive stuff, then look up the relevant specs' essences, [Wowhead has a guide](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/heart-of-azeroth-essence-overview), and focus on them. IMO none of them are all that bad except Blood of the Enemy and maybe Condensed Life-Force. Rep grinding isn't hard, it just takes a few minutes a day for a couple weeks, which was nerfed recently. If you want to do competitive content and can't wait a couple weeks, this isn't the game for you and almost never has been, sorry.
Nice idea, but I wish there was a "practice" mode with no rewards or penalties. If it would make it too easy because we could learn the perfect route and then do the "real" version, then maybe the storyline should have included more "free" visions at the start, or had a more step-by-step tutorial to the first one, or given us an extra free vision for the second week because it's a different map. I failed one vision last week while learning it - no hard feelings, it was the first week. This week I failed my first one. In hindsight I should have gone straight for the boss on my first playthrough, I guess, but I tried the dwarven district too. I mostly cleared it but was confused about how to finish the goal. I went to the cathedral but was stuck in combat, I'm not sure what with, so I couldn't use my last sanity orb. I rushed through the boss fight and I'm still not sure if I died to damage or running out of sanity. Cleared it on the second attempt easily. I'm a bit salty about that. It feels like bad design in a way that general difficulty doesn't.
&gt; In your experience what is the quickest way to get conquest capped and honor? The quickest way to get conquest points: whatever weekly event quests or brawl quests are available, followed by spamming arenas. The easiest way: faction assault WQs. That requires no actual PvP and will still get the job done in a week if you can find some of those air drops. Honor: random BGs, I think. Not sure. &gt; Also, for given same ilvl, is there a difference between PvP and PvE gear? Only tiny differences. There are some Azerite traits only available from PvP gear, but they're particularly good in PvP, so that's OK. Lots of trinkets have unique effects, some only come from PvP, some only come from PvE.
They removed reforging at the start of WoD. At the same time, they took out hit and expertise, the two stats people had to reforge around the most. They removed those because they made gear more complicated and often felt like a chore to use. People would get an upgrade but couldn't use it until they took it back to town and reforged it and probably other gear too to work around stat breakpoints. "Best in slot" lists aren't really a thing any more anyway. Except maybe for Azerite gear, trinkets, gear with sockets on it, and now certain corruption effects, the higher ilvl gear is almost always the better piece.
1. Like the other guy said, 63 players is a tiny sample size. 2. WoW is not a democracy. 3. Classic is still in, what, phase 2 out of 6? Phase 3? Whether it should be changed or not, any changes at all to the game seem premature before it's all actually unlocked.
How would you unlock the appearance of Thunderfury on your shaman? As of 8.3, legendaries (except the Warglaives of Azzinoth for some dumb reason) work like all other items. To add them to your appearance collection they have to be soulbound to you and you have to be able to equip them. (There are other transmog rules, but they aren't relevant here.) A shaman can't equip a sword. Ergo, even if a shaman gets the drops and does the quest to get Thunderfury, they can't unlock the appearance.
I assume you're sarcastically asking for a return to that system, like a lot of people do. [Bashiok commented on that system here](https://www.wowhead.com/news=212729/news-roundup-valor-points-professions-in-mop-player-feedback) and [Watcher commented on it here](https://blue.mmo-champion.com/topic/333951-seal-of-tempered-fate-acquisition/). That system had problems of its own, both for players and from Blizzard's perspective. If you're prefer that system, there's nothing wrong with that, there's no accounting for taste. But there's no point in pretending there are no problems with it.
It goes away when you die, for one thing. For another, you can play around it. Maybe not all, but some/most sources of it can be interrupted, avoided, etc. So it's kind of a PEBCAK thing.
1. You can opt out entirely, if you want. 2. You can't go nuts and equip corrupted gear in every slot or you'll be killed by the corruption effects. You have to pick a few good ones and mostly use normal stuff. Even at the end of the patch, in theory.
I think it's an addon problem. Disable them and see if it goes away.
Failed once due to being stuck in combat. Not sure if that's a problem with the visions or a general problem. My main is a monk and it often takes a while to drop combat. Failed once due to just getting killed. That's it so far.
I think you misunderstood me. I realize you said Classic is "shit." I was explaining what other people might like about it despite the problems you noticed.
Blizzard is out of touch because... it takes a little bit of thought to play around a mob's main ability? Its HP value makes a fight time-consuming, in the first week of the season when almost no one is really geared up? It's harder for some classes than others? Seriously?
1. As for flying, just do every quest, really. The ones that count towards achievements are the most important. Check the "chapters" in the achievement menu to see what those are. But even quests that don't count towards achievements still reward reputation, in general, and you need that for flying too. 2. As for the big bad guy in Boralus, that means you've finished at least 5/8 chapters or so of the Tiragarde Sound story. Once you've finished the rest, check out the other two zones. There's a breadcrumb quest at the map in the harbormaster's office.
Not really. There are several different "main storylines," depending on what you're interested in, and in some cases you don't have to do them in a certain order. You can look up any given achievement on Wowhead or similar sites to see the requirements for it. Check the comments.
If you can't even get to Alleria, maybe you need to gear up more or switch specs. I haven't seen anyone say they're easy below ilvl 410 or so, and they seem easier for melee than casters, and especially for DPS rather than tanks or healers. You can get more of the currency from the dailies in Uldum or Vale of Eternal Blossoms, from the three weekly invasions, and from the daily mini-vision quest. The mini-vision and the weekly invasions are the best sources but the other dailies are a lot better than they were at launch.
There's a mission or two at the very start, which you can do at level 110 if you want. I'm pretty sure that's it.
Daily activities, all on my main: * The daily mini-vision * Emissary quests, but these can slide for up to three days Weekly activities, all on my main: * At least one Mythic+ * Raiding, as much as I can * Cap Conquest Points, with rated PvP as much as possible for the seasonal mount * Island Expedition weekly quest * Horrific Visions * The three Black Empire invasions If I'm on top of that and have free time, there's lots more things I might do with it. Check Mechagon for the drops I still need for Mecha-Done, more Mythic+, level an alt or two, work on the professions of a certain alt, farm mounts, at some point I might get some alts through the cloak quest...
It varies. The bracers, probably not. Most of the items are just recolors of existing items, and those probably aren't worth too much. But I think there's one set of each armor type that's unique. That's probably worth more. For details on your server's prices, see The Undermine Journal. To see which item is which type, see wowhead's transmog guide.
Don't know about any WQs in the Vale. You unlock daily quests there by doing the quest chain from Wrathion and Magni.
As a guardian druid, you might actually want to do Normal or Heroic dungeons to gear up. Tanks should have instant queues and it would be good practice for later. Other than that, your plan sounds good. Don't forget any World Quests that give you gear, the Warfronts when they're up... lots of random things
&gt; Is it even worth getting into when i reach max level or do I wait for shadow lands where everything before probably won't matter? It's up to you. Do you want to do challenging group content now or in ~10 months? Do you want to see BfA content when it's a challenge and tuned properly or when most of it is soloable? Do you want a chance at the seasonal stuff that's getting removed (you might be familiar with PvP gear from when you last played; now there's lots more seasonal stuff), or not? &gt; Is it worth buying at this point. It's subjective. I'm having fun. You'd have a lot of catching up to do and you'd see some things out of order, but there's definitely a lot of content to explore and keep busy with. &gt; What do I miss out on? If you don't buy BfA at all, you miss the chance to get a certain PvP set and a few mounts. Beyond that, hard to say. We can guess certain things will become unavailable but can't be sure. &gt; While leveling do I miss out on anything if I don't have bfa? No. &gt; What is mythic, There are four difficulty levels of raids, and Mythic is the highest. There is a scaling system of dungeon difficulty, called Mythic+ dungeons. At higher levels, enemies have more damage and hit points and there are certain modifiers on enemies or the environment that make them harder. &gt; what's a gearscore A rough proxy of how good your character is. These days you'll see "ilvl" or "raider.io score" used more than "gearscore." &gt; what is an essence An extra ability you can unlock at 120. There are about 30 of them. &gt; what will the max lvl experience be about in my daily life. Minimal daily quests or World Quest "chores" you're expected to do regularly. Lots more you can do optionally for extra rewards. Weekly, raiding, with a guild or pickup groups, and at least one Mythic+ dungeon. All optional, of course; there are lots of different ways to play the game. &gt; Also what's some pretty flying mounts I can get instead of the dumb basic horde one, that's not super expensive and not behind a 50 hour grind? At 110, you can easily solo the Obsidian Dragonshrine, the Culling of Stratholme, or Zul'Aman. They each drop a pretty cool mount. &gt; And also super important to me:what's the bg experience like in bfa? Is there only an alive pvp scene on max level? Does gear still matter in pvp? Do people still play wsg? Or is it all arena? And how balanced truly is it? Can't comment on BGs too much, but arenas are certainly active. It's fairly balanced, in that each class has at least one spec that does OK.
FUCK OXIDIZED LEACHBEAST, GEAR CHECKER COGSTAR, CRAZED TROGG, AND DATA ANOMALIES! AFTER I FINALLY GET THAT STUPID SPINNY WHEEL MOUNT FROM MECHA-DONE, I'M NEVER GOING TO TAKE MY MAIN TO THAT ISLAND AGAIN, I DON'T CARE IF I GET AN AWESOME MYTHIC+ KEY FOR IT! I'M GOING TO TAKE MY DRUID AND SHAMAN TO MECHAGON AND START KILLING THE GUARDS FOR FUN! I'M GOING TO MAKE A MECHAGNOME, LEVEL HIM TO 120, AND GET SERVANT OF N'ZOTH ON HIM BY KILLING OTHER MECHAGNOMES! BUT OBSESSIVE READERS WILL NOTICE THAT THE LIST OF THINGS I'M RAGING AT THERE IS SHORTER THAN IT WAS A FEW WEEKS AGO. I'M GETTING CLOSER! I ALMOST WISH I WASN'T BECAUSE THEN I COULD GIVE UP!
Go straight to the boss. Maybe a holy paladin or discipline priest could clear an extra area if they really tried, but it would be hard. Really, switch to DPS. It's not hard to get another Azerite set, especially now that the ilvl of everything has been bumped up.
THE POINT OF THEM IS TO KEEP US FROM BEING COMPLETELY INVINCIBLE IN FLIGHT. OPEN WORLD MOBS MAY BE EASY COMPARED TO DUNGEON OR RAID MOBS, BUT THERE'S LITERALLY ZERO DIFFICULTY OR THOUGHT NEEDED FOR JUST FLYING FROM POINT A TO POINT B, OR SITTING AFK ON A MOUNT INDEFINITELY. PATHFINDER IS A COMPROMISE IN NEW CONTENT. WE GET TO TRIVIALIZE THE OPEN WORLD LATER IN THE EXPANSION, BUT AT LEAST WE HAVE TO STAY ON THE GROUND FOR THE FIRST 8-10 MONTHS OR SO. NOW THEY'VE ADDED END-GAME CONTENT IN A PLACE WITH NO PATHFINDER, BUT THEY STILL DON'T WANT US AFKING 110 YARDS UP WHILE WE WAIT FOR RARES TO SPAWN. THUS, THE WORMS.
I find that once I start an expansion with a certain character, inertia is powerful. Once I've hit level cap and done the quest chains and started gearing up, I don't want to do the same thing all over again right away. I want to do fairly competitive content - not Cutting Edge, but even AOTC takes a lot of work compared to getting to max level - and I don't have time to do that on multiple characters. I don't really understand the question, though. Fighting alt-itis within one patch or expansion is one thing, but what's wrong with switching from one expansion to the next? Each expansion is basically a complete reset on character advancement. Or rather, there used to be problems with it, but BfA solved some big ones, now that professions are expansion-specific, the reputation collection achievement is now account-wide, and transmogs no longer have reputation requirements once they're unlocked. My druid was my main for over 10 years. I switched to my monk at the start of BfA. My druid is only ilvl 390ish and might never get the legendary cloak and I'm fine with that. In Shadowlands my paladin might be my main and, again, I'm fine with that.
Blizzard's not likely to do that, and it would be very controversial if they did.
We don't know the details.
No, there has not. If all you enjoy is leveling, you're limited to the 11 playable races that existed in Legion. If you already have a 110 of the appropriate faction and are interested in the Legion allied races, you could probably unlock one of them in a week if you really focused on it. Think of allied races as a veteran bonus, because unlocking them is almost automatic if you do the grindy stuff at max level for a while. In 8 out of 10 cases, I and a lot of other people completed the requirements before they were even announced, or close to it. But if you have no progress at all on allied races, you have a lot of work in front of you. Sorry.
As for #2, they aren't essential at all. Some of them are valuable for gold-making, and engineering gadgets may be useful in PvP... but other than that, if you want to want to make your gold with alts or in other ways entirely, professions have basically no impact on your performance. Engineering, alchemy, blacksmithing, leatherworking, and tailoring can each craft one or two items close in ilvl to raid gear. However, you have to do the raids to craft the items, so this doesn't replace raiding, it just means there are a few item slots you don't have to worry about upgrades for.
The reason I'm not an altaholic is I like doing at least somewhat competitive content. I max out at AOTC and Mythic+15 (so far!), which is casual to some people, but even that is a hell of a lot more competitive than I could do without really focusing on one character. If I didn't care about competitive content, there wouldn't be anything wrong with spending all my time leveling. If I was getting competitive content done while splitting myself evenly between multiple characters, there wouldn't be anything wrong with that. When I've got as far as I want to in the season, I'll start to spend more time on alts. But when I still have progress to make, I have to do it on a main.
Thanks. I thought about testing it myself, but I figured so much would have to line up right that I thought it wouldn't be worthwhile. If so, that would make things like Echoing Stars not so great for mistweavers, but the stat-based ones should be fine. Ineffable Truth and Glimpse of Clarity might be good in Mythic+ but we'd burn through mana at ridiculous rates.
You do know that the lore doesn't hold that things take exactly as long as they do in the game, right? I mean, do you think that during the Legionfall campaign Khadhar spent one week just telling people to slaughter demons indiscriminately, and the next week telling them to loot the Legion's treasure chests?
And the Horde has a dreadlord in one of their throne rooms. And unlike Alliance you can't do anything about it. I mean, if we're keeping score...
It's not possible. Against Overwhelming Odds carries over from one week to the next, but Calls to Arms in a certain zone expire if not completed.
Before you can complete the quest Champions of Legionfall, you have to complete your order hall campaign. The Light's Heart quests and Balance of Power quests aren't required, but most other quests in your order hall are. You'll know you're done with this if you've unlocked the second artifact skin (i.e. the second row) and got the class title (i.e. deathlord for death knights) Then you have to do the Armies of Legionfall and Assault on the Broken Shore quest on the Broken Shore. After you do that, the Champions questgiver should pop up on Deliverance Point.
To keep us from being completely invincible while in flight. The big problem with flying is that you can go anywhere completely safely and mindlessly. Open world mobs may be easy compared to instanced mobs, but there's literally zero difficulty or thought needed for just flying from point A to point B, or sitting AFK on a mount indefinitely. Pathfinder is a compromise. We get to trivialize the open world later in the expansion, but at least we have to stay on the ground for the first 8-10 months or so. Now they've added end-game content in a place with no Pathfinder, but they still don't want us AFKing 110 yards up while we wait for rares to spawn. Thus, the worms. Is "gating" just a buzzword for "thing I don't like"? Because, like the worms or not, I don't see how they have anything to do with time-gating, reputation-gating, attunement quest chains, or anything else like that.
They made Legion ones less of a grind when they became outdated content. BfA allied races don't come from outdated content.
&gt; Does she die in the new raid? No. &gt; If not, is she a good guy now? No. Not to spoil anything, but the raid leaves her in an interesting place. All the things people are saying N'Zoth should have done instead of getting killed easily, Azshara actually is doing.
Hey look, everyone, a BM hunter who thinks "I dont play bad [sic] at all"! Let's all point and laugh at him!
You can do all those things now, in retail, if you want to and can find a group of like-minded people you get along with long enough. You may be aware that last year they launched Classic, a version of the game where you basically need to do all that stuff to have a chance in competitive content. I'm glad you no longer need to do that stuff to make any progress in retail. I have a 9-to-5 job, followed by a commute, and a family. AOTC and Mythic+15s can be done in pickup groups. (Maybe not even harder content, but that's unrealistic for me anyways.) If sticking to a guild's schedule and blocking out real life for hours at a time was the only way to see any kind of remotely difficult content, I would have quit years ago.
It depends on why you're making them. To have options for endgame progression: realistically, sane people with normal time commitments would find it very hard to keep up with more than three characters these days, if that. For fun: go wild. During Legion I got all 36 Mage Tower skins. In BfA I've focused more on my main for anything like progression, but I have 10 more 120s for fun, to see the story from both sides, for farming old raids, etc. Every class except death knight. It's my lowest priority, and at this point I might just wait for the Shadowlands revamp. My 120s don't perfectly match my 110s. Instead, I'm playing other characters of those classes, to explore allied races or for other reasons. I can't imagine one character of each spec, though. In addition to the sheer amount of time needed, I would really hate the playstyle of certain specs, especially while leveling.
1. The Shadowlands. We don't know much about the jailer. 2. Remember Azshara? She got away. 3. "The Legion has been destroyed" in the sense that Sargeras has been imprisoned. Demons still exist, they just aren't organized, and Sargeras could break free. 4. The Old Gods are dead, but the Void Lords aren't.
This is why I'm saying complaints about corruption being OP are premature. Sure, when some people have Echoing Stars and some people have zero corrupted items, there's a problem. But in a month, everyone will have five Echoing Stars or whatever the OP combination is after the latest round of nerfs, and people who actually equip all of them at once will receive -90% reduced healing. The problem corrects itself.
[Wowhead](https://www.wowhead.com/quest=42049/powering-the-portal#comments) says you're nearly done with the order hall campaign.
One of those prophecies has definitely been fulfilled, the one about the king of diamonds. All the rest are still unknown. What's special about the one about the boy king? The circle of stars turned out to be Azshara's throne room. Going there freed N'zoth. Is "drowning yourself" just a dysphemism for going there, because it's underwater? Or was there more to it? Is Khadgar the lord of ravens, or is Odyn, or someone else? Most people read that line and assumed turning the key meant unlocking something. They both *locked* things important at various times - Khadgar, the dark portal; Odyn, imprisoned Helya - but they haven't *unlocked* anything important I can think of, and both those events were in the past, not the future. Who's going to die three times? Not Sylvanas, she already has died three times. EDIT: Alleria is a good suspect, because of an offhand line where she says she feels like she already has died twice. It's still not certain, though, it hasn't happened yet, and we don't know how her death would usher in their coming. Yes, they're vague and almost nonsense. Of course they are, they're supposed to be.
Have fun and explore.
I got ilvl 465 boots with Infinite Stars in the Mythic+ chest. Also, from a Mythic+6 Mechagon, the bracers with a socket. Yay!
You said you have a paladin? Are you playing them actively? If so, then here's what you do. Change your loot spec to holy. Keep doing what you're doing as ret until you get a weapon and shield with intellect on them, and trinkets that aren't completely useless to a healer, and a set of Azerite gear for your holy spec. You might already have some of this. Once you've got it all, change your loot spec to holy. Set up your action bars if you haven't already. Most healers use either mouseover macros or an addon that does something similar. Icy Veins has examples. Then start on easy difficulties, i.e. Normal dungeons, and work your way up. A quick note on Azerite traits, Glimmer of Light is very important to holy paladins, but you don't need it when you're just barely starting out. Wowhead and Icy Veins have guides to other traits and Essences you'll want.
You may be able to make a little gold transmuting things. Blacksmiths might want arcanite to make items for transmog, things like that. Overall, though, each expansions' professions are separate and unrelated ever since 8.0, and alchemy from expansions other than the current one is basically useless. (Maybe Cataclysm, for Vial of the Sands. However, you'd have to get the recipe, which takes time, and compete against people who have had it for a while...)
If your priority is PvE progression, then follow the Horrific Visions quest line to upgrade your cloak, if you can complete the goals without dying. If you can't, gear up more. WQ rewards scale up to ilvl 415, Emissary quest rewards scale up to 445, Mythic+ starts at ilvl 430 and scales up from there, the Darkshore Warfront is rewarding, and the right Emissaries would also make a difference. You might be interested in other things. There's lots to do in the game. If you want to unlock flying, look up Pathfinder and its requirements. You might want to collect mounts or other things from old content, etc.
All of the Legion zone quest chains start in your order hall. Look at the follower command table. There's another tab to it called a scouting map Select Highmountain there.
Legion already is included in the base game. After Shadowlands comes out, there's a 99 percent chance that BfA will be too. When that happens, you would only need a subscription to unlock allied races.
I can't help you find a raccoon, but if you'd like to see a deer, go to the Anacostia riverwalk trail around dusk.
I would want to see an official statement, or rigorous tracking of drops across dozens of characters at least, before I assumed this was anything other than RNG and confirmation bias.
I think you screwed up the link. If you tried to post a link directly to the sub, you can't also add text. One or the other, not both. EDIT: I see a picture of the CM teleport stuff there now. In hindsight maybe the problem was on my end due to mobile phone issues. To answer the question, I wouldn't mind *too* much if they did what you're asking for but I don't think it's likely and I'm glad. Making removed content retroactively more important would be a very weird design choice.
I don't know about a weakaura, but DBM tells me when I should purge something.
I follow this sub a lot, and Wowhead has lots of relevant news. &gt; I still don't really understand essenses, corruption, echoes, etc... Essences are a new system added in 8.2 and expanded on in 8.3. You can unlock abilities called Essences in various ways. They're tied to the Heart of Azeroth. Corruption is a new system added in 8.3. It replaces warforging and titanforging. Instead of gear randomly having increased item level, it randomly has any of a number of effects that improve your stats or do damage to nearby targets. The problem is, corrupted items cause negative effects that may slow you, damage you, spawn NPCs to attack you, and more. The more corruption effects you have, the more damage you take. It's risky. The legendary cloak and some new essences provide corruption resistance. Echoes of Ny'alotha are a currency added in 8.3. They've been used for like two months or so to buy essences. They've been used for like a week and a half or so to buy corruption effects. The comment you quoted is predicting that the power of certain corruption effects will be reduced soon because they're too powerful and recently became much easier to get.
&gt; I really gotta do it huh. It feels so stupid when i don't get anything from it either. Just for a dumbass score. You get loot from the dungeons. You might get a network of good players you can make groups with in the future. You don't have to leave your guild to notice if a tank or healer was particularly good and say, "hey, mind if I add you to my friends list?" after the run. You get experience. If your score is only 960, you might not have even seen all the dungeons with Awakened yet, or with every affix combination. The gulf in difficulty between a +9 and a +15 is huge. You don't want to be the only guy who misses an obelisk and gets killed by a patrol because you weren't expecting the tank to take the obelisk yet. Or get killed by a mechanic you didn't think about because on a lower key it's not a one-hit kill on a lower key or mobs die before they have a chance to use that ability. To answer the question of how we deal with it, I dealt with it by focusing on improving my raider.io score. One dungeon a week wasn't the goal, it was the minimum; I often did 4 or so dungeons in a week until I got Keystone Master for the season. Now that I have I'll be happy with just one a week. (Or none. That was one of my last goals for the expansion, really, and most of the rest don't require gear.) I focused on whichever dungeons I had the lowest score on to build it up more until I had a +15 in all of them. Yes, it can be time-consuming to PUG all this. I probably would have got KSM weeks if not months later if not for working from home full-time due to this whole worldwide emergency. Beyond that, That's one big reason I like playing a healer, personally, because they're more in demand. Learning to tank with your warrior might help. The Method dungeon routes addon would help.
Ask the person who told you that. There are lots of vendors you can get gear at, but ilvl 415 specifically is complicated. You can get ring and weapons in Mechagon, but I think the default ilvl those is 385. Crafting ilvl 415 rings would require a ton of Mechagon doodads and gizmos. WQ rewards, if they're gear, scale with your ilvl up to 410-420 depending on details I'm not sure about. I'm not sure what ilvl gear timewalking vendors sell, it could be 415, but they aren't up right now and won't be for a couple weeks.
The cloak's item level won't change, but you can still increase your corruption resistance by 3 per week. By 6 per week if you also kill N'zoth on Normal or higher. You get higher ilvl rewards from doing it with masks, and also cosmetic rewards. Up to you if you care about that.
Eh, with characters this old, there's bound to be some inconsistencies. I have a collection of the very earliest Spider-Man stuff, first dozen or so issues of Amazing Fantasy, and there's an aside where JJJ says he hates Spider-Man because deep down he can tell that Spider-Man is a genuinely good person and he's jealous. But that's the Silver Age, there was lots of weird stuff back then.
1. The ilvl of the Mechagon rings is a big factor. 2. If you really need to know, sim it.
A KR group during season 2 with reaping. I was the healer and it wasn't going well. Several deaths before the first boss. And then, on the first or second reaping pack... *my mouse battery died*. (Cordless mouse, it had given me the "low battery" warning a few days ago and I hadn't got around to doing anything about it until the last minute.) If the group had been going well, maybe I could have run around, dug up good batteries, and we'd have only lost a minute or two. But it hadn't been going well, either in performance or behavior. I left out of shame. I can't swear I've never been the first person to leave a group other than that, but it's rare. I'd probably have done it a lot more if I had encountered more of the assholery people are talking about in here. It helps that I'm (a) a healer as opposed to a tank, and (b) quick to apologize for deaths unless I'm not just sure it's not my fault but also getting annoyed at stupidity. I figure politeness is cheap.
Nitpick, Uldir has rank 3 of the biggest tailoring bag. I ran it in the current patch for that when I realized a certain alt needed it and it wasn't too hard to find a group.
Data mining from the alpha indicates that the rep requirement will be removed, IIRC. But as far as I know there's no official statement that it's intentional, will make it to live, etc.
&gt; I'm not sure how he would react to this George Floyd situation. He tends to be on the cop's side, isn't he? Eh, like others have said, he clearly doesn't like corrupt cops. Beyond that, he doesn't kill and doesn't appreciate it when others do. He wouldn't get involved in an accusation of trying to spend a counterfeit $20, although he might try to track down the counterfeiter. If he needed to restrain someone with a knee on their neck for some reason, he'd do it for exactly 3 minutes and 58 seconds or whatever the magic number is to cause no lasting harm, because he's the best human ninja ^except ^for ^Slade ^Wilson ^or ^whoever ^else ^is ^counts ^as ^baseline ^human ^at ^the ^moment in the world. Of course, if we're talking about real life, being able to do that is wildly unlikely. If George Floyd was murdered in Gotham, presumably Batman would have scared Chauvin and his accomplices into insisting on being arrested without physically touching them, just by menacing mind games. This is also wildly unlikely. Batman is a deeply screwed up person, but by all indications we get, a force for good overall. Unfortunately he's also capable of things that no real person could do without unacceptable risk, or at all.
Wowhead has a chart of different rankings required to get different amounts of burgeoning battlefield essence. IMO getting to 1400 rating is easy, unless you're badly undergeared and you aren't, it just takes time. Wins give something like 50 rating but losses only cost something like 15 rating, so your ratio doesn't have to be good to stay at that rating. IIRC 1400 rating would get you rank 3 in 5 weeks. As for how to participate in ranked PvP, yeah, the premade groups finder. Arenas will probably be much easier to find a group for than BGs. I'd suggest keeping things in perspective. If you like PvP, go for it. If you're playing a class where the major effect of CoS matters, it's more important. But for BM hunters, the difference in performance between rank 2 and rank 3 isn't huge. 1.1K DPS according to the chart on [Wowhead's guide](https://www.wowhead.com/guides/beast-mastery-hunter-azerite-essences#essencesims-single-target). That's not nothing, but in the time it'll take you to get CoS starting from scratch at this point in the expansion, your time might be better spent farming echoes for corruption or just spamming Mythic+ for overall ilvl increases. Up to you.
Leveling hasn't been hard since Cataclysm, maybe even Wrath considering how powerful early heirlooms were. It's fast now and it'll be faster in Shadowlands, but for a long time now it's been possible to make it pretty speedy if you used certain unorthodox techniques. The big change in Shadowlands is that it'll be much smoother - one overarching storyline, each level being meaningful - and that sounds fine to me.
Welcome back. Yes, resto druids are still wanted. They're mediocre in raids but balance is good enough that all healers are welcome except if you're shooting for world first, and the best in arenas and Mythic+ dungeons, a new system with timers and scaling difficulty. The old tree form that worked like cat form for ferals and bear form for guardians is gone. There's still a glyph that looks like the old tree form but is totally cosmetic, and a talent that gives you a temporary tree form on a cooldown. The website for quick guides to each spec these days is icy-veins.com/wow. But don't worry about it until you hit max level.
Beachhead. Cycle of Life is easier, I make a sort of fun "hard mode" out of it by trying to do it without taking any damage at all, and it's cathartic to help the crabs get revenge.
Turn War Mode on. I'm not saying I never seen any multiboxers, but it seems a lot rarer than what you're complaining about.
Some of the bigger old dungeons have been divided into separate wings. It's still all one instance if you go in solo, but if you join through LFD, you get the dungeon completion reward after a certain miniboss, not the final boss.
Yes. In Maraudon's case, the final boss, Princess Theradras, is in the wing called Earth Song Falls.
Could just be confirmation bias.
You're describing marksmanship spec. It has its strengths but overall I think it's the weakest hunter spec these days. Beast mastery performs better and you may still find it fun.
Well, damn, my main has been a MW monk for a while, I guess I can't blame the spec for my bad record... I'll try to look for those comps for my teams going forward, let's see if that helps anything.
* Sylvanas would never willingly work with Arthas * We know next to nothing about the Jailer, that hole in his chest could mean anything, all liches also lack hearts but I wouldn't assume the jailer is Kel'thuzad * By all indications, Arthas would just be a normal spirit in the Shadowlands if not less than a normal spirit because of how his soul was torn to pieces, there's no reason to think he'd have power like the Jailer Other than that, the theory makes perfect sense!
&gt; TLDR - so what are the benefits of playing several characters across both factions? You can get the achievement Two Sides to Every Story and a few similar things. &gt;Is playing together with friends of the other faction in any slightest way possible? If they have characters of that faction, yes. &gt; Are there any benefits on having characters of both factions on the same server? Maybe some little fringe stuff, but not really. &gt; what is your experience with this kind of stuff? I've had max level toons on both factions for a while now. The difference is essentially cosmetic/stylistic. It's a bit harder to do competitive content on Alliance than Horde, but server is more important than faction.
There are no more Legion Mythic+ dungeons.
It always lands on an injured target, but not necessarily the most injured.
&gt; How do you recommend learning to heal for mythic+? Start on easy difficulties and work your way up. The difficulty changes very gradually. The best teacher is experience. Between holy paladin, resto druid, and disc priest, resto druid is probably easiest to learn and play at first.
Yes, with a big exception for the affixes. Most of them can add damage that wouldn't be present otherwise, especially if people don't play around them properly. As a resto druid you're fairly mobile so it's easy for you to do your job while dodging bad stuff. You'll have to hope your teammates do the same.
Yes. Talk to the blind seer in your garrison.
Why not? Armor only matters for shamans in solo play or PvP, basically. Armor aside, there's exactly the same amount of stats on a two-hander as on a MH/OH combination. If you personally got a staff with worse secondary stats than your mace/shield, that's the kind of thing that can happen literally any time you get loot in this game.
You're saying you, a resto shaman, got a staff with agility on it at ilvl 445+? That would be really weird, agreed. Where did you get it from?
&gt;Playing a BM Hunter is literally 4 buttons, one of which is bestial wrath. I guess you could say that playing a BM hunter is *figuratively* 4 buttons. Or you could say that playing a BM hunter is literally 4 buttons in a Patchwerk situation, but there are literally zero of in the current expansion so that seems irrelevant. Or you could say that you get by in LFR and easier content with 4 buttons, but you'd be one of those people who drags the raid down. But if you add up Kill Command, Barbed Shot, Cobra Shot, Bestial Wrath, Multi-Shot, Counter Shot, Disengage, Aspect of the Wild, Intimidation, Mend Pet, Misdirection, Freezing Trap, Concussive Shot, Tar Trap, Exhilaration, Aspect of the Turtle, Aspect of the Cheetah, and Feign Death... and that's not counting Essences, abilities from talents, pet management, racial abilities, or PvP talents... and your total is 4, then let's just say you fit the stereotype of a BM hunter.
If you're happy playing casually, you're fine with any Azerite traits. If you want to play competitively with multiple specs, you need multiple sets of gear. Just like in every expansion in the game. Unlike every previous expansion, we have the option to pay gold to switch our spec-specific gear. And you're complaining about this why?
You've probably found all the achievements that *require* multiple characters, but there are many more where it really helps. Look up most Glory meta-achievements and you'll see comments saying that a certain achievement is hard or impossible to solo unless you're a certain class. Hunters and demon hunters in particular but several others here and there.
&gt; I can't get invited to anything above a 10-11 mythic because they require 470ilvl and 1.5k-2k IO... which I can't get because I don't mythic raid. It's a p2w catch 22, because you either pay boost groups to carry you through 15s to then trick someone into thinking you ran them yourself, or you pray to the LFG gods that you actually get invited to anything. I know every one of my classes inside and out, I beat Kel'Thuzad pre-nerf, I was a part of every server first from Vanilla to WoD. I promise you I can tank this 5 man. Raider.io score doesn't come from Mythic raiding. It comes from doing the dungeons. If you've done all the dungeons at level +10 on time, your score would be a little over 1200. If you're saying that an ilvl 465 tank can't get invited to a +11 with a score of 1200... no offense, but I don't believe you. &gt; Getting and leveling a cloak completely kills any motivation to level an alt, because even once you hit 120 you need to spend another 3-4 weeks getting your 120 to actually feel like a remotely max level character. In WoD, getting your legendary ring required 6 weeks of raiding, and that's just to get the ring, not to catch up on the ilvl. I'd have to look up the details but I think MoP's cloak took even longer. And, of course, none of this is required to get Shadowlands ready. You can start the next expansion in leveling gear from the previous expansion, same as always.
I might agree with you about a smaller power gap over the course of an expansion, but the fact that a world boss is soloable is a bad example. People have always been able to do things like that here and there ("always": to be exact, a ret pally soloed a world boss in the BC pre-patch), and unlike some examples in the past, the Arathi Warfront world boss doesn't matter. It drops ilvl 370 gear, 90 ilvls behind your current gear. It's more time-consuming than most WQs in Kul Tiras and Zandalar, but some of them can take a while themselves; has different rewards, but ultimately not too far out of line with them; and is only available once every three weeks or so. If you made a list of the problems caused by the power gap between a fresh max level at launch and a raid-geared character today, this wouldn't be in the top 10.
Every expansion except Cataclysm has had removed content. In addition to the obvious stuff like AOTC mounts, there's Atiesh, the original ZG and ZA mounts, The Trial of the Grand Crusader hard mode rewards, CM rewards... in Legion, the main one was the Mage Tower. Do you want them all back, or just the Mage Tower skins, or just the bear skin in particular? If you want them all back, do you care if they're hard or do you want them to be essentially given away, like Mythic raid drops from previous expansions are? If they should stay hard, do you realize how much development time it would take to balance them around added and removed class abilities? For whatever it's worth, I'd be happy to have the mage tower *skins* back, as long as the new versions have completely different and easily distinguishable *tints*.
Goblin. * Authentically monstrous, unlike the elves. * Cataclysm starting zone is much more interesting than most. * Useful racials.
I just got sick of it. My main was a druid for a long time. I spent too long not seeing my armor and with basically the same playstyle all the time damage over time, damage over time, more damage over time I switched mains at the start of BfA to monk. The burstiness was a big part of the appeal. Touch of Death and Revival do an amount of damage/healing in a single keystroke (sort of) that's just silly. Similar to druids in many respects but very different in that one. I still play my druid, he has some things going for him, but he's definitely never been my main in this expansion.
[This box](https://www.wowhead.com/item=168124/cache-of-war-resources). Sold by the honorbound/7th Legion quartermaster.
* Bolstering: DPS the mobs as evenly as possible. One advanced strategy would be crowd controlling one mob away from the rest, because they don't get bolstering stacks if they're 20 yards apart, but really, DPSing them evenly works well enough most of the time. * Raging: the reverse; you only want one at a time below 30 percent. * Sanguine: avoid the pools and keep the mobs out of the pools. Don't stun them when they're in pools, save interrupts for casters that might be standing in pools soon, etc. * Volcanic: don't stand on volcanoes. * Teeming: there are more mobs. * Bursting: ... hard to simplify this. Kill them evenly *or* spread them out enough that stacks drop off. In a pull of five mobs, if you can kill them all simultaneously, great; five stacks won't kill you. Or killing three and letting the stacks fall off and killing the other two also won't kill you. But killing three, and letting it tick three times, and then killing a fourth, and letting that tick three times, and then killing the fifth, probably will wipe the group. * Necrotic: When you see the tank trying to kite, help them. Use slowing effects, Ring of Peace, crowd control, etc. * Skittish: On high keys, if you get aggro, you'll die, and this makes it more likely that you'll get aggro. Rogues use Tricks of the Trade and hunters use Misdirection on cooldown. * Explosive: Kill the orbs ASAP. On pulls where enemies are spread out, like the last boss of Temple of Sethraliss, the group has to spread out too, because orbs spawn near mobs. * Quaking: spread out, and don't be casting something with a casting time when the quake hits. * Grievous: pay extra attention to avoiding taking damage, and use your defensive abilities as much as they can.
I'm sure it is being rushed, but I'd still take it pretty soon after getting the option. If a COVID-19 vaccine kills one in a thousand people who take it, that'll be about 10 times worse than any other vaccine recommended to the general public, while still being about 20 times better than COVID-19 itself.
I could go for that. We already have at least four toys like that, they could always do more. I wouldn't want it to be the new default, though, just an option like the toys.
Things were probably screwed up by the leveling revamps in recent years. Fixing this would be a low priority because people would rarely need to use either one of them.
&gt;HORRIFIC VISIONS ARE SO UNGODLY ANNOYING AND BROKEN IF YOU DON'T PLAY A STEALTH CLAS GOOD NEWS, THEY'RE ALSO FULL OF STEALTH DETECTORS! AND BUFFS LIKE THE FIRE BREATH POTION BREAK STEALTH WHEN THEY PROC! AND WHEN YOU CONSIDER THE ACTUAL OBJECTIVES OF THE VISIONS AND THE ELITES YOU WANT TO KILL FOR THE SANITY BUFF THERE'S ONLY LIKE ONE SKIPPABLE PULL PER SUBZONE! I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED WHEN I FINALLY GOT AROUND TO TRYING THEM ON A STEALTH CLASS!
[Here are some suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/76y344/working_on_a_legion_nongear_content_list_feedback/). Unfortunately the link in the OP seems to be dead, but you may be able to figure some out from comments. [Here's another list](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Legion_secrets). Beyond that, there's the "obvious" stuff like the Legion order hall quest chains on all 12 classes. Each class also gets at least one class mount. And soloing old raids for transmogs, mounts, and gold.
In-universe, Sylvanas fighting Bolvar hasn't happened yet. In-universe she's still MIA after killing Saurfang and Bolvar still has the crown. She'll probably break it in the prepatch leading to the Scourge running amok and whatever sends us to the Shadowlands.
Argus's true size was what we were fighting on. Argus was the planet Argus. He couldn't have crushed his opponents without crushing his own spleen or patella or something. Maybe that wouldn't have stopped him. A Titan tortured for 25,000 years and turned into a demon factory by another Titan would be pretty crazy. But when you think about the true size of a Titan you have to ask even more basic questions, like whether they can see us with their naked eye when in their true form, or perceive time the way us mortals do.
It *is* account-wide, but it's class-specific. If you made another mage, he'd have the Balance of Power skin. But not your druid.
&gt; I love warlock theme and flavor but I want a class who is still ranged DPS but has some more mobility. Play fire mage. Transmog a warlock tier set lookalike. Get a battle pet that looks like an imp or other demon. Problem solved.
Every expansion except Cataclysm has had removed content. In addition to the obvious stuff like AOTC mounts, there's Atiesh, the original ZG and ZA mounts, The Trial of the Grand Crusader hard mode rewards, CM rewards... in Legion, the main one was the Mage Tower. Do you want them all back, or just the Mage Tower skins, or just the druid skins in particular? If you want them all back, it's not just about FOMO. Do you care if they're hard or do you want them to be essentially given away, like Mythic raid drops from previous expansions are? If they should stay hard, do you realize how much development time it would take to balance them around added and removed class abilities? For whatever it's worth, I'd be happy to have the mage tower *skins* back, as long as the new versions have completely different and easily distinguishable *tints*.
I got the Servant of N'zoth title and toy the day before yesterday. Glad to have that over with. It took me at least five tries, maybe more than 10. In the end I got help from a guildie, but got about half the kills the hard way while he was on cooldown. That's basically everything on my to-do list from BfA. I already have most of the big stuff. I don't have Conqueror of Azeroth yet, but I've never cared about titles too much, why start now. I'm 30 percent of the way to the next arena mount, but there's no time limit on those. I'm not sure what to do with myself next...
Hell, Wrath dumped fresh death knights into Outland with no explanation, and even the Burning Crusade started blood elves and draenei in the BC present day before sending them back to vanilla for 40ish levels. A bad situation got worse, to the limited extent that it matters, with literally every expansion. Whatever else you can say about Shadowlands, it simplifies things.
Blood is tank, unholy and frost are both DPS. The difference between them is totally a matter of preference until you get into max level competitive content. Blood and unholy both used two-handed weapons, frost uses two one-handed weapons. So if you want to switch back and forth between tanking and a DPS spec, it's easier to do that with unholy.
I saw Peter David at a convention about five year ago or so, 20 years after this. I didn't take a picture so I'm just speaking from memory, but he looks much worse in this picture than he did in person. Either he turned his life and health around in a big way since then or Wizard's photography sucked.
There is a solo queue. Bonus, if you're a complete beginner, it's unrated. And in rated PvP you can find groups very quickly if you're geared. (Which is arguably a problem but doesn't seem to be what you're talking about.) What you can't find is solo matches, and I'm okay with that. WoW PvP isn't remotely balanced for one-on-one fights.
I have 13 120s. I've only done Mythic+4s or higher on four in the current patch, and only done +10s or higher on two of those. The rest are just for their professions, farming old content, for completing the collection of classes at max level, etc.
What do you think you need to do to get ready for Shadowlands? It'll be playable with a character that hit level 120 (pre-squish) 10 minutes ago, just like every expansion. Play the game if you find it fun and don't play it if you don't, but all you need to do to get ready for Shadowlands is buy the expansion.
Reminds me of The Great. The similarities between him and Peter are amazing.
The following tips might not be the best ways, but they worked for me without multiboxing, selling carries, or mindlessly doing repetitive stuff for hours on end (unless inscription counts, see point one, but you can just click the "craft all" button every five minutes while watching TV or doing chores). 1. Professions. Markets vary based on server and the time of the expansion but there's lots of profitable stuff. Look up your server on theunderminejournal.com. /r/woweconomy has lots of good resources. You might need certain recipes or Tools of the Trade to make money with certain professions; do the math for yourself to decide if it's worthwhile. "Professions" glosses over a dozen different things. Crafting bind on equip armor or weapons, crafting consumables, using gathering professions while out and about, etc. 2. The mission table. It's not as lucrative as it was in WoD or Legion, but it's a nonzero amount, and what else were you going to do with the war resources? 3. If you have characters on both factions or multiple servers, benthic manapearls are essentially account-wide. Get manapearls from Nazjatar repeatable content, buy any benthic gear with them, mail them to a tailor/enchanter on the preferred realm. 4. Soloing old raids. Raids from WoD and earlier are trivial, and the later or bigger raids are worth over 2000 each in raw gold and selling loot to vendors. You may get bind on equip items you can sell for transmog, but don't plan on making most of your money that way.
Baby Driver looks even creepier under the circumstances.
The menu locks you out from picking races that can't be your class.
I might stop soon, I've finished all my big goals for the expansion and nearly finished all my minor goals. But Mythic+ is fun and there's always something else to collect or work on. Glory achievements, collecting old tier sets, making gold...
Probably because it's against the subreddit's rules. Content is supposed to be WoW-related.
Agreed, I always appreciate the free bag space while leveling. Legion had different legendaries and tier sets for different specs, WoD had more gear with only one primary stat on it, and before that there was hit rating... from 8.0 to 8.2 BfA wasn't any worse than usual for bag space. 8.3 has been pretty weird with the corruption gear.
Define "catch up". You say "to reach the current Heroic raid content". You can be geared enough to pull your weight on the first few bosses in a week or two, even with the amount of play you say. You'd never actually get an invite to a PUG as DPS at that ilvl, though, because there's too much competition. As a healer, maybe. To actually clear Heroic, raids are more selective than that. When people complain about the difficulty catching up these days, they're mostly talking about corruption resistance, a legendary cloak mechanic. The cap has increased every week since launch and is time-gated. Reaching the current max would take something like three months. You don't actually have to reach the current max to get AOTC, or even Cutting Edge, but some people feel that's what counts catching up.
[Here's my warrior](https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/character/us/gnomeregan/beararms). Not sure about every piece but the chest and pants definitely fit your theme.
I'm not sure. I thought you were limited to two upgrades per week if you were behind, and the new one replaces either the Horrific Vision run or the N'zoth kill but doesn't add to it. I can't test for a couple weeks. Anyone know for sure?
Take all the crafting reagents to the auction house. If the margin is too low over the vendor price, then just vendor it. If you want it later, you can buy it later or farm it again. In 90 percent of cases it won't rise in value over time. (I'm tempted to say you should send some of them to an alt to level their professions, but (a) a lot of them like WoD herbs and all pre-BfA food are pretty much completely useless, and (b) a clean slate would be a good idea. ) Do you actually equip the cosmetic gear regularly? No? Then vendor it. You'll always have the transmog. Same for the MoP and WoD gear and movie weapons. Use or delete the obliterum. Seriously? Consider whether you have hoarding tendencies in real life, because this looks like the digital equivalent of a hall you have to walk through sideways because of stacks of old newspapers.
&gt;Even for levelling up professions and old quests, achievements etc? Professions: as of BfA, progress on each expansions' professions are separate. Legion tailoring doesn't help you with BfA tailoring at all. You might want to level old expansions' professions for transmog or specific toys, mounts, or engineering gadgets, but there's nothing you *need* them for. Old quests: very few quest items take up inventory space. Those that do, you can safely delete extras of after you complete the quest. I think I see items from the MoP legendary quest chain there? Why would you ever need those again? You might want to save them for nostalgia, but you're here asking for help about inventory management, and deleting them would definitely be the more practical option. Achievements: which ones are you working on, specifically? As for the basic achievements for maxing out the profession skill for an expansion, you can just do it, get it over with, and sell the extras. No others seem relevant here.
&gt;what is this for I assume we'll find out more in beta, if it even lasts that long. This doesn't seem like the kind of thing that will make it to live. &gt;do I now need to min max and learn all past leatherworking patterns to take advantage of this new item? I doubt they'd do that. At most they might add a system to make old professions produce gear on par with BfA professions, so that they're a little bit more valuable while leveling and we get more variety in appearances. They're very, very unlikely to make old professions produce gear comparable to Shadowlands max level professions. It would be a mess.
Corruption vendor and Malefic Core vendor. Were essences bind on account when you left? They are now.
Nothing new is expected until the Shadowlands prepatch.
They probably will still exist, but will matter less than they did in six months ago because the baseline leveling speed will be faster. I don't think anyone knows more than that.
It's funny, I'm pretty sure most people would say that the affinity talent row is a good example of how the talent system should work. If you really want to minmax things, there's a "right" answer, but in most cases the difference is a matter of preference. (Feral affinity for resto druids in Mythic+ is the closest thing to mandatory, as I understand it.) The impact on your playstyle is much bigger than the impact on your numbers. Why mess with a pretty good thing?
So would have Aquaman. "He seems like a man with... *not* a lot of free time", emphasis added.
By increasing your cloak's level, by doing Wrathion's quest chain. The max level is 15. After that you can continue to increase your cloak's corruption resistance with Malefic Cores, which come from Horrific Visions or killing N'zoth on Normal or higher.
If you really need to know, sim it. Personally I'd go with Devastation's Hour unless you already have a lot of corruption.
Yes.
Because he's the superpowered form Jason Blood turns into when he says a magic word.
As others have said, anything can work well with druids, they're a versatile class. I'd call out rogues because druids and rogues can both stealth to skip unnecessary fights.
World quests and the War Campaign are different kinds of things. World Quests are repeatable quests that appear on your map directly, without any action by you once you've unlocked them,and refresh periodically. The War Campaign is a quest chain like any other except that it has unique formatting in the quest log. Are you friendly with the Voldunai, the Zandalari Empire, and Talanji's Expedition? Have you established outposts in Drustvar, Tiragarde Sound, and Stormsong Valley? The simplest way to check that is your followers. Do you have Rexxar, Hobart, and Ty'jin? If you're missing Rexxar, go to Stormsong. If you're missing Ty'jin, go to Tiragarde. If you're missing Hobart, go to Drustvar.
Completing the War Campaign isn't required to unlock WQs.
