My grandfather was a pig farmer. He was killed in a South American bar for telling some guy that fact.
What about shoving a glass jar up your ass and having it break? And then repeating the same stunt but with screwdriver stuck handle first in your weiner hole?
Yeah, the 1guy1jar guy. First video the jar shatters in his asshole and he plucks out broken shards while blood flows like a river. Then sometime later, he made another of him doing the same thing with the jar, but the jar doesn't break. I guess his surprise in that one was that he then switches focus to the little metal thing sticking out of his urethra. He pulls on it and you quickly find out that it's a screwdriver he shoved down there, handle first. As it is removed, a river of dick blood erupts.
It's just a bit shy of pain olympics type content.
I haven't seen it in a few years but it seemed like a pretty regular sized one. Not like one of those eyeglass repair ones or anything like that. I'm surprised someone hasn't shared the link by now. I thought they were extremely popular back when they came out.
I've never been of a fan of the whole "you work for me!" content, but it is not surprising that more and more different style of these videos emerge, as more and more people start doing them.
The only reason to even tell a cop or federal employee those ridiculous lines is to appease your YouTube base. Pushing the envelope and engaging with people is what a most of the people want to see. What could a cop or government employee possibly even say in response to you telling them that "you work for me!"? I've never heard a response to that statement that actually affected the core reason of doing the audit. The cop could literally respond with "I don't work for you, you don't employ me, and I don't care that you are a taxpayer" and nothing is going to come of it. It's all pointless banter just to make for a more *exciting* video. I think videos with such lines in them can still be educational and fun to watch, but it all comes down to the person filming knowing what to say and how often to say it.
I had one of those "wait why isn't this wound bleeding?" moments when one of those brass or copper looking staples in boxes punctured my hand down below my thumb. Almost the entire thing went in and I was in shock for a second until I realized it didn't really hurt and no blood was gushing out. I pulled it out slowly and there was no blood. Just the little hole where it went in. Very strange thing to experience.
I think it has to do with the difference between a cut and a puncture wound.
I did precisely that to a kid in 6th grade. Teachers back was turned amd the kid was walking up the aisle and I decided to chuck a piece of an eraser at him. It goes right in his mouth and he starts gagging. Somehow nobody saw me do it and when I realized that, I just laughed along with everyone else at the choking person.
Junkyard News [recently visited a checkpoint](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92wD5yAHz9I#t=6m30s) and the cop mentions [Ingersoll v. Palmer](http://caselaw.findlaw.com/ca-court-of-appeal/1843482.html) case. The cop also mentions the case law says you *must* roll your window down as part of you having to "submit" to the checkpoint.
That's good if there are a bunch near you. I would have to drive an extra 25 minutes or so to the next closest, so I rather not deal with being banned from the one closest to me. The thing is that I don't even know how they would go about trespassing you if you just leave immediately. I assume the door checker has to locate the manager on duty and then they would have to go outside and see if I still haven't left.
Nobody monitors my internet at my work. I rely on a large mirror against the wall and behind my monitor to keep track of approaching employees that wish to fuck with my browsing. I can spot them approaching from a very long distance away so I could be watching an inter-species blowbang and they'd never even be able to see or hear.
Refusing the blood/urine/breath test AFTER being placed under arrest is where you will run into additional legal trouble.
I would add that some department policies or even individual cop discretion can come into play. We've seen videos where cops seemingly want to give anyone they pull over a quick "follow my finger" test while the person is still sitting in the car. Those are being done without the cops even having RS. Now if a person refuses to do that test, when the cop doesn't even have RS, it seems to me they are immediately going to claim your refusal is now their RS and prolong the stop. I told a story a while ago how I was being a DD and the cop had me step out to take an FST. I told him no initially and how I know the tests are designed to make people fail. He probably knew right away when we were talking and away from the car, that he no long had RS that the smell of alcohol was coming from me, but in his mind he HAD to have me take some sort of test. After arguing my point for a couple minutes, I decided I couldn't risk stranding the people in my car over 2 hours from home so I did his little follow the finger test. He did it for literally 5 seconds and told me to have a goodnight. It was a classic case of the cop having to get a "win" out of a situation.
Middle of winter and a kid in the car so it was certainly a "pick your battles" situation. It was also a state trooper that pulled me over so I also realize that he probably handled it better than if it had been some townie.
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSzNB0-1R8A). Explanation from original cop begins around 7:15.
He cop says what department he is with as he walks up to the guy but I can't make it out. Maybe someone with good speakers can figure it out.
It was entertainment right before home computers hit. I would go on with friends and make more local friends. The principles were pretty much the same though in that you'd have to be careful about meeting the people in real life.
Just curious, but if someone is breaking a law such as panhandling, how should the cops handle it? Certainly a verbal warning the first time is the right thing to do, but what if the same person just continues it onward? I know citing the homeless for such a "crime" is pointless and stupid, but what would be another option?
I only punched and kicked my dad to initiate sex.
Someone that makes these should do an AMA so they can quickly become the most hated person on the planet.
Don't those make frogs?
Will cardio help me lose weight from my obese penis?
There are other videos of this stop on her channel from her phone recording.
Christ I hope to God fucking Satan the girl in the pic is the one he tried to kiss and this is the murder suicide plot beginning.
A great reason to carry noise canceling headphones or something similar to put on at the start of their lecture. Just look around puzzled and shrug.
Now she is Red's accountant!
Ok Sony henchperson.
Short Short version: Kid breaks his arms, can't fap, mom eventually jerks, sucks, fucks him off.
Wonder if a famous Redditor ever sketched it?!
Someone watches Swamp People.
My personal opinion is that it goes even deeper than that. This cop and any others that work these types of meetings are obviously given a talking to by someone or multiple people on the board about how to immediately react to anyone they don't like. You can tell by how fast the cop goes over and tells her to leave that it was a trained response given to him by a board member or superior. Also, his immediate knowledge to use a vague charge as justifying the arrest is telling. He didn't go with an easy and common catch-all, he went with something related to the place they were. Totally was prepped for a situation like this.
I don't want anyone standing right behind me at the ATM. Most people know to stay back a reasonable distance. You have some freak standing 2 feet behind you, and most people are going to be uncomfortable.
Maybe there is a Ecuadorian Chupaescarabajo that only eats beetles!
Turn off incognito mode to track your faps.
That history removed the "a" from his name because he was actually To'kra but a full name change is confusing.
I know we are all too familiar with the broken YT system, but do you think they would strike you if you did edit out a "violation" but then edit in a text overlay of what was edited out? Maybe even censor the bad word in the text just to be safe? I don't know how much extra work that is but it could appease some suspicions viewers have about edits.
He looks like the son if Harold Finkel and Ed Kemper fucked.
I have a strange, albeit positive "problem" with listening online, in that for months now I cannot log out of it while at work. The standard screen to sign out simply isn't there. I can clear my entire cache, cookies, etc, and the next day I turn on my computer and go to the page, it just starts playing the show. I don't really care since nobody else would use my computer, but it is still odd. I feel there is a simple explanation that will make me look like a retard when discovered.
What struck me odd in this one is that they gave zero reason for the stop. I would hope it is policy of almost all departments to at some point during the traffic stop, to tell the person why they were stopped. This even appears to be the state police of PA. My wishful thinking is that they didn't hold him up because he had to get to school orientation.
I tried that. There is no logout option. I click on "My Account" and it gives me the log in screen.....but the show is still available to play whenever I want. I have no clue.
I clicked all over there and nothing makes that sidebar scroll any further. Under Privacy Policy there is the "Version Number" and "Powered By" and then a literally blank box where I'm assuming Log Out should be, but there is nothing there and click on it does nothing. Like I said, it isn't a big deal, just strange.
Anytime a cop doesn't say why they even stopped you, it becomes a bit suspect and that's why I posted it. I'm not sure what the law says about detaining someone, giving no reason, and then letting them go. 99% of the time, you are going to be told why you were stopped at some point during the detention.
I know what that link is, refused to click, song still stuck in my head.
[Appeals court quashed that shit](http://reason.com/blog/2011/03/08/tennessee-cops-posed-as-a-defe)
They are slowly crawling out of the stone age with the alcohol laws. I'm shocked they even passed the very restrictive medical marijuana law, but I guess it's a start.
I remember one of his old videos where a cop storms up to him angrily demanding ID and he hands it right over. Now to be fair, he was probably shitting his pants due to the aggressiveness of that cop.
McComb: Elections are won with television. You don't need the press, you don't need endorsements, you don't even need the truth. You need money.
[When you have to * some asshole](https://i.imgur.com/VZe9Ipr.jpg)
Found Ronnie the Limo Driver's account.
I wonder if some of them have their "back up" camera people make the 911 call? If I was going to be that much of a maniac to actually bait the police for interaction, I wouldn't do it myself just in case there are FOIA's of the 911 logs.
That brings up a separate point in that I'm not even sure the video *should* be linked to if it is put back up because it divulges personal information. I know some of the auditors freely give out their first and last names in some videos, but not all of them.
I was just about to post it here as well. My first thought was that this at the very least goes directly against [Delaware v. Prouse](https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/440/648/case.html). Although this part is interesting: (d) The holding in this case does not preclude Delaware or other States from developing methods for spot checks that involve less intrusion or that do not involve the unconstrained exercise of discretion. Questioning of all oncoming traffic at roadblock-type stops is one possible alternative. P. 440 U. S. 663. The problem is that this town would have to literally have a roadblock set up twice a day during the hours they want....forever.
[Scene for those who may never have seen it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqEsE-IKBI8)
Doesn't it also fly in the face of [Delaware v. Prouse](https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/440/648/case.html)? I know there is a a part of that ruling that mentions checkpoints are an alternative, but I'm not sure setting up a checkpoint twice a day, every day, goes with the spirit of what they meant there.
They are going the prior restraint route and will claim "OMG, THE CHILDREN!".
I can't think of any off the top of my head. Even trying to search "can police ID you without reasonable suspicion", you get result after result talking about how a crime must be suspected at the very least for it to happen.
They are crazy. Remember when that [tree guy from the Sopranos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HfRzQBHIP4) jumped out of the tree and tried to attack Paulie!?
Typically checkpoints have their own set of rules to be followed/implemented. Sobriety, safety, internal border checkpoints have all been ruled as legal. I suppose they could try going with setting up this roadblock as a "safety checkpoint" if they want to *try* to give themselves some more legal protection, but I just don't see it working out in the end for the town. Even in the safety checkpoints, the cops usually check your DL, registration, insurance and you are on your way if it is all in good order. This takes the additional step of using your valid documents against you.
[Here is the full conversation with the PIO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjOp3UI96Ss#t=16m47s). He actually addresses and answers a lot of questions related to ID'ing and auditing in general.
You would too if some sick bitch took the ice cube trays from the freezer.
Fuck that. Make America great again by bringing back Saturday Night Main Event.
They're not putting up a sign. They want to indiscriminately check people's papers.
Rule of Acquisition 215: Exploit every ounce of latinum from a shithole before denouncement.
The amount of time a Stargate stays connected.
He switches to replay the same encounters from different angles a couple times in the video. I personally find that type of edit annoying. He could just upload the other angles in other videos. Also, I hope he is trolling at the beginning with his talk about there being chemtrails.
There was one with sound last week of some South American gang killing an enemy. First the cut his ears off and then deliver a machete chop to the throat. You hear the impact against the trachea and then the bloody gurgling attempts to scream through the cloth gag around his mouth. Then they flip him over and try to chop his head off but the idiots are chopping into the gag and don't realize it at first. So the dying guy is squirming around taking basically blunt force chops to the back of the neck until they move the rag and can properly finish the beheading. They couldn't even get that right because the video ends before the head comes off.
The submitted version was just shorter gif of the incident. I think OP then posted the video link once people requested it. I watched it out of curiosity and that was that.
Unless there is some court ruling I'm not aware of, if you are detained, the police can most certainly use "officer safety" to stop you from holding items like a phone/camera in your hand. It's almost always a ridiculous order by them and done just to exert their authority, but I don't believe it to be an unlawful order. It is more of a reason to do your best to try and have a way to record hands free.
Usually we hear them claim the phone may be some kind of James Bond type weapon. This reasoning the cop gives about how they fear the person is calling someone to come attack them is also used but less often. It's a policy issue that a lot of departments probably haven't really gone that deep into. We see tons of traffic stops where the cops don't care if someone in a vehicle films them, unless it is delaying the stop. Usually if it gets that bad, the person driving isn't cooperating anyway. It's so much easier to just have a camera mounted that you can turn towards the window. I have a dash cam, but it only faces front while mounted. Luckily though, If I'm stopped, I am able to open that little compartment for sunglasses near the ceiling of the car and stick my phone in it and it hangs out and records the window.
You make jokes but the way she belted out "Only Happy When It Rains" and "Stupid Girl" made her one of my favorites.
Wasn't he one of the best professional boxers of all time?
A business wouldn't do something like that. That's like imagining a clothing company using a black child for a racially insensitive tshirt advertisement. It just wouldn't pass all the checks and balances.
@9:20 the guy says "I'll have to ask you to stop filming or leave the premises". I know people like to play the verbal judo game, but I personally would take that as my trespass warning and leave. I know they are trying to make an exciting video for the viewers, but staying there inside the store and continue to argue about what took place isn't the best idea. You only embolden other people to do the same thing and possibly end up arrested.
Yeah but my sweet DSL's can still get some tickets off a scalper for a great price.
From an updated article: Wichita police confirmed Tuesday morning that the man accused of pushing a teenage official at an Augusta basketball game on Saturday is a Wichita police captain.
I like that people are trying to correct those in the comment section that have zero clue about public filming, but a lot of those people are so far gone that they don't care if you present them with the facts. It is literally impossible to make many people understand that the police break the law. The cops in the video could have ordered the guy to his knees, handcuffed him, and executed him and those same people would just say the guy got what he deserved. Some people are too far gone to even try and help out. The hope is that someone on the fence reading the replies is able to understand what the police did was wrong.
[Arrested on 4 charges](https://reason.com/blog/2018/01/16/adam-kokesh-arrested-on-drug-charges-wit). Now onto the video. My main thought throughout this entire thing is one of the most basic things many of us rant about in this sub: HAVE YOUR FUCKING PAPERWORK IN YOUR POSSESSION! He likely gave up his only hope of using the Rodriguez decision by not having some kind of paperwork showing it was his vehicle and/or he was the authorized user. This gave the cop more time to "check things out" and more time for the K9 to show up. He likely would have been on his way even though it's obvious to most sane people that you still shouldn't be driving around the country with drugs in your vehicle. I know he is a libertarian but that doesn't change the fact that he is still taking a legitimate legal risk. It will be interesting to find out what drugs besides weed was found. I really hope it isn't something hardcore. Edit: [His girlfriend posted an update](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4dU7z1F67Q). She claims police found "no contraband". Should be interesting to see what info comes out next. I love conspiracy theories, but even my limits are tested thinking the government, somehow within a span of an hour, notified the Texas Highway Patrol to track down, stop him (twice), and arrest him.
I love the people downvoting you for bringing up a legitimate possibility, but meanwhile they are all gung ho on saying it was depression related. I know it will never happen because it's the nature of people in general, but it would be nice if nobody speculated until the facts are released.
I've only seen live streaming links from peoples phones or from the [Australian FoxSports page](https://www.foxsports.com.au/live?nk=a245fd7bed84cb971d023ed35694bd90-1516208859) but you need to be in Australia or have a VPN to view it. I only knew about it because the one American player John Kuczynski is in it and has posted a bunch of photos and stuff on his FB page. So far when I've been awake to catch it, I've seen a few videos of people like Phil Taylor, Simon Whitlock, Andy Hamilton, and a couple others either shooting or hanging out. [This is the official site of the series](http://www.prodartsshowdownseries.com.au/).
Who do you Mourn for?
Each episode would involve Odo and Quark solving a crime, but Odo also having to arrest Quark for a separate crime.
I should put you on trial for Humanity for saying that.
Didn't it say only certain parts of him were genetically modified? Isn't he pretty much a supercharged autistic savant? I'm not even sure that is the case because he didn't have too much trouble chasing pussy when he felt the need. He could have went full Broccoli on the holodeck.
I would think it's fair to say the sorority is pretty niggardly when it comes to including minorities.
That one and "do you point at your name tag and tell the judge to read it when asked your name on the stand?".
Going the other way, in string theory, you would need to make a hydrogen atom the size of the observable universe, for a string to be observable. Even then, it would be the size of a normal tree. [Fun video discussing Planck length and such](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYxF93Vd0Rs)
Ralphie blaming his cursing on the only Jewish kid in the neighborhood.
Ahh Ok. The finals for the location last night was Simon Whitlock v. Kyle Anderson. It wasn't the best view, but someone there streamed it live on Facebook. Whitlock won.
Now just to create falcon bats that reside in the subways to eat the millions of tasty rats.
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWyP4J8IQ2I)
I know videos like this will get downvoted but the guy is still exercising his rights, albeit in an annoying fashion. The thing is that his type of conduct on these audits is something a large amount of YT people enjoy. I think he could do even better though by trying to remain calm and collective instead of going full batshit crazy when he gets any contact.
All he found was chicken.
I know a taxi driver on Mars named Benny.
HDCW saying in this video that he isn't allowed to be trespassed from the post office because he has to be the one causing the disturbance and since filming is legal, he isn't causing a disturbance. I really am having a tough time with his logic on this.
[USPS Policy](https://about.usps.com/postal-bulletin/2008/html/pb22228/html/info_005.html) Photography and Filming for Personal Use Informal snapshots from handheld cameras for personal use may be allowed at the postmaster’s discretion provided that there is no disruption to Postal Service operations and that the pictures are taken from areas accessible to the public. In these cases, no prior permis­sion is required from the Office of Rights and Permissions; however, no lighting or scaffolding may be set up, and no picture can depict any Postal Service employee, customer, security camera, or cover of mail (i.e., the exterior of a mail­piece, which would show customer name and address among other things). Postmasters may restrict any and all photography if they determine that it is disruptive or there are potential security concerns. If the Postmaster deems someone filming as disruptive, they can tell them to leave. If you want to split hairs in this specific video, then maybe the Postmaster wasn't actually there because it seems the guy had to call him/her. That isn't really the main focal point though in the debate though.
I know it is part of the government. The fact that they are operating a business makes it different than say if someone filmed in the public lobby of a police station. I see what you are saying and probably the only way we'd ever get a clear answer is if someone takes the issue to court.
What I meant to say was that you can be told to leave and they don't even have to give a reason. I don't understand the logic behind saying that just because it is publicly accessible government business, that someone has free reign to film. Do you honestly think that nothing can be done if customers inside get uncomfortable to the point they leave? What happens if one or more people decide to film inside every day from open to close and people refuse to come in or continue to complain and leave? Is that just tough luck on the post office?
[39 CFR 232.1 - Conduct on postal property.](https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/39/232.1) *(e)Disturbances. Disorderly conduct, or conduct which creates loud and unusual noise, or which impedes ingress to or egress from post offices, or otherwise obstructs the usual use of entrances, foyers, corridors, offices, elevators, stairways, and parking lots, or which otherwise tends to impede or disturb the public employees in the performance of their duties, or which otherwise impedes or disturbs the general public in transacting business or obtaining the services provided on property, is prohibited.* I'll be the first to say that section quoted is obviously vague and should be clarified further regarding something like filming, but it says what it says.
So in theory, people could just show up and film every day, in every post office, and nothing can be done if it impacts the customers and business? I just have a hard time buying that just because it is a government building, they have zero authority to trespass someone that is affecting business.
The point is that one of the employees was obviously "disturbed" because they came out to confront him after he left. Now throw in the possibility of someone from the general public complaining about him filming inside the place, it clearly meets the definition in that code. I think the biggest point of this entire debate is that a post office isn't exactly the same type of place most of these audits focus on. A lot of people don't see the point in auditing a post office when there are plenty of other places like local, state, and federal LEA's that should be focused on. I can't think of a time in my life where a postal employee threatened me with arrest or gave me a ticket.
I've seen some places where a state road goes through VA property. I found that interesting because you could be lawfully carrying a gun in your vehicle, the unlawfully be carrying it on federal property, and then lawfully carrying it again when you get back to state property. I wonder how federal police that work at a VA handle that type of situation if they pull someone over.
I'm sure there is some video editing expert on here that could do that.
Do they really do a mind over matter thing with that or do they jack themselves up on some kind of drug?
Giving yourself a brown shower facial really stretches out the front of my pants.
The circlejerk is killing you but you are correct about drippy hoagies. Now maybe it has to do with the toppings chosen, but they can be a soggy mess. Still good though.
This is at least the 2nd time I've seen him reupload it to his channel. I wonder if there is a legitimate reason for that or if it's simply meant to keep it fresh so he can get newcomers to donate?
Is there any consensus on whether someone should even bother filing a complaint when there is a clear and obvious 4th Amendment violation like this? Shouldn't you be going right to a lawyer?
To go along with the German thing, I think it is plausible some German dude was the first to break the sound barrier. If I remember the conspiracy theory story, the jet pilot did some unapproved nose dive and broke the sound barrier, but it wasn't credited to him because it wasn't something that was being officially monitored.
I think I asked before but don't remember, are the outcomes of complaints even something that is admissible at trial? Do you do the complain process first because it is basically free and if the complaint is sustained, you know a lawsuit stands a chance?
Shaving the asscrack and around the asshole will also result in different sounding farts. The few times I've done it, my farts made a loud slapping noise. I suppose the hair in the asscrack acts as a suppressor to muffle them.
I backed into some guys truck once because I wasn't paying attention. It dented his door and and his kid was complaining that the impact made his arm hurt. I assumed he would call the cops and/or we'd exchange insurance info. The guy asked for money on the spot and I gave him everything I had on me at the time which was like 70 bucks, told his kid to quit bitching, and left. I'm assuming he either had a warrant(s) or lacked proper driving documents.
There could be a guy out there that doesn't like vagina and only wants penis, but that's admittedly pretty far-fetched.
Mean Gene: FUCK IT!
Cop seemed to give up after an initial try at ID'ing. Pet peeve though of auditors saying they invoke the 5th and wish to remain silent but continue talking the entire video.
At the risk of downvotes, I'd be interested in peoples thoughts for whether a video like this fits this sub? I know if we go by the sidebar rules you could bend things into say that the people recording are "asserting their rights", but I'm talking about the incident in general. I think it is more BDCD material but I also don't like removing videos unless they are spam or blatantly irrelevant.
I think this guy is the new bottom rung of auditors. Even if you are going to use this dumb fucking "master" routine, have some decency and forgo using it on a black cop. Obviously the cop behaved correctly and didn't let it bother him too much, but you could say that to the wrong cop (of any race) and end up getting smacked. Saying dumb shit like this does nothing to help the perception of this movement because as we have seen in that anti-terrorism guys video yesterday, other channels and even the media gobble up this kind of negative stuff and put it in their news reports.
Do you think these cops had an arrest warrant or did they witness the guy "intimidate" in some fashion and show up to his last known location? Obviously if they had an arrest warrant, they could just wait till they see him in public and arrest him, but if they didn't, then it seems they had some kind of immediate knowledge of his alleged crime and just showed up hoping he was there. In that case, he could have just stayed inside and then the cops would have had to get an arrest warrant?
Isn't it the reason they have metro cops to enforce this kind of stuff? I admit I don't know the scope of their authority and it will probably take some googling to figure it out.
[Here is an article on the incident](https://www.rawstory.com/2018/01/watch-lapd-cop-drags-teenager-off-subway-refuses-take-feet-off-train-seat/) To make things even more confusing and interesting, the original girl on the train was cited for being "loud and boisterous".
I believe they may still impose a fine for unsportsman like conduct even if the penalty doesn't impact the game, like in this case. Most players wouldn't care at that point because it is pocket change and ends up going to charity anyway.
I'm not on such roads often, but when I am I sometimes feel like speeding up just to be a dick. I don't though because my brief moment of road rage feelings isn't worth a potentially serious or deadly accident or violent encounter.
I mentioned the same thing last time one of these was posted. It is an inconvenience for me to have to drive to the next closest Walmart if I end up trespassed from my closest one. I did mention though that it is typically some kind of manager in the store that does the trespassing, so you may be able to get out of the store without showing your receipt and leave before they can even speak to you. Still a risky thing to do since we happens in these videos.
I would think by now this guy would know not to keep identifying info on his person. He tells the cop the receipt is in his pocket and at that point, the cop isn't going to care that he says he doesn't consent to a search. The cop figures nothing serious will come of it even if he is violating the 4th Amendment because he's just taking out a receipt. Keep everything in your vehicle if you are going to do one of Walmart videos and force the police to go to the next level. The irony of this encounter is the cop looked at the receipt for a couple seconds, so he would have no idea if there would have been any stolen products in the vehicle.
I enjoy the food there but for some reason it is the only restaurant where I cannot leave without having to take an explosive shit. It happens every single time no matter the amount of time between visits. I've just come to accept it.
This is a good reason as to why you should be careful of what you wish to take with you when exiting a vehicle on a traffic stop. She lucked out though by having a licensed driver as a passenger. If she had been by herself, an inventory search would have taken place since the vehicle would have likely been towed away.
Usually quoting laws or court cases is meaningless to cops anyway. It's good to quote certain things for people watching so they can become more educated, but then you run into people misquoting or misrepresenting things like 148(g).
I wonder what degree of success the guy would have if he filed a civil suit? Are the fact he was trafficking drugs admissible in civil court even though suppressed in criminal court?
Travis Heinze. He isn't really an activist though. Just likes to play with the cops.
His 5th Circuit case catapulted him to notoriety. I bet every cop in states that cover the 5th Circuit, especially Texas, got that memo and possibly even a photo.
I'd imagine you need to have good reserves because it usually takes time to get $$$.
You won't feel that bad when you are old and your junk sags to the point that you hang major dong.
N+
I was getting a Juice from SOA vibe.
True. I would have the tub filled with bubble bath to the point the only thing showing is my kids head.
Excellent video showing how police will drum up anything and everything to try and justify a detainment they know is unlawful. The liquor bottle on the ground and FST attempt were some serious grasping at straws.
The one thing I would like more auditors to plan is their responses to cops telling them they can ask questions. Some people think the cops are forbidden from doing so and it just adds confusion to those watching that may not fully understand everything going on. NNH is typically good at responding appropriately with something along the lines of "you can ask...." and I wish more of these guys would follow that lead if they are going to engage in dialogue.
The antagonizing factor of these auditors seems to be ever increasing. Taunting people with lines like "walk of shame!" does nothing to hell the cause but I guess their style is their style.
I was watching Planet Earth and this is clearly an African Wild Dog Cat.
Did OP just steal the title or retard?
Aurora Snow [QUAAAACK QUUUAACK QUAAAACK](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hrVaZrz2eo)
NNH was once handcuffed, forcibly fingerprinted on scene, and then let go.
Prosecutors like the one he describes in this video can be worse than the police that got them there in the first place. They were literally trying to make him go to jail because they don't like that he films law enforcement. I wonder if any auditors have filmed these DA's coming and going to work?
[Gif link as well](https://imgur.com/itfqSxh)
If I had holes in my hands, I'd fuck me so hard browsing this sub.
Stay for the food? OK, I'll be your guinea pig!
I cringe when people try to say they don't have to get out of a vehicle on a traffic stop.
Definitely at their office from a public side walk. Most of us saw what happened to those Oregon guys that were camping outside a police chiefs house.
Ignorant slobs eat octopuses.
He acts like it isn't but maybe the store was just a front. After all, he had the means to build a secret tunnel in the basement to the nudie bar.
#RELEASETHEBABYBONER
Just face away.
It's Something Awful users.
Yep. This is one of those court opinions where the cops pretty much can take their time and come up with whatever reason they or their lawyer want to concoct if it is ever challenged. I just don't like how some people on youtube are just making what sounds like a blanket statement on the issue. Everyone already knows how ridiculous SC rhetoric like "3 forms of ID" and other shit gets regurgitated by people who see such videos.
Protip: Try stapling your hand to your crank.
I thought it was Michael van Gerwyn and was in r/darts.
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_4GJM5uEL8) [Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvSFpef8vF0)
In the second edition of the 1guy1jar video, the guy is finally able to take the jar out of his ass without it breaking, but then you notice something sticking out of his pecker hole. He then grabs the object and pulls. It's a screwdriver he had shoved in his dick handle first. He yanks it out and you get to see the blood follow.
They're made out of ivory.
Some people deal with things their own way. I'm sorry to hear her brother turned to a life of dealing drugs and alcohol.
What about taking baby steps and just hooking up with someone else looking for sex instead of stepping back into the dating pool?
I still have my AOL one from the 90s and they will have to shut down the service before I ever get rid of my baby!
Apparently rifles with scopes are useless against people about to unleash a zombie horde on your base.
That almost enraged me as much as the beginning of the episode when nobody went prone to shoot out ankles and legs of people behind the vehicles.
If anyone who runs a business wishes to cause real chaos, they should just refuse to service whoever they want, without giving a reason. I get it that some of these people wish to loudly proclaim why they refused the service, but that just makes it easier when it comes to lawsuits and whatnot. Just give no reason in your refusal and leave it at that. That would now force any lawsuit or legal action to play thought police and they would probably need to establish some kind of specific pattern to your refusals.
Yeah, but who mourns for Morn?
People with loud mouths will keep on telling people why they are refusing service, but if a store owner doesn't want to go full bore in that direction, they could simply refuse service without giving a reason. This would really put a burden on anyone suing them into turning into the "thought police" as to why they refused the service. A store owner/representative can trespass anyone they want from their property just because they don't like the clothes they are wearing, so they certainly can refuse service to someone and give zero reason.
[Biker Joe represent!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2A0VuROgKEQ)
If this even goes to trial, I'd be interested in seeing the arguments and the outcome as far as using physical force to stop a cop from infringing on your Rights.
*göring furher furher.
Even if you see it coming, it's a great way to go out --- Jax Teller
She would have broke the light barrier if he had first stripped naked before chasing her out.
There is a long list of people connected to the Clinton's that have ended up dead. The conspiracy theory is that they were taken out because they knew things that could have harmed the family.
THAT ANTHONY BOURDAIN IS DEAD.
If you don't wish to be fingerprinted, are they going to grab your arms and rip out your clenched fingers to get it done? I wish this country took a real stand against something and had 100's of thousands of people refuse to answer questions at these checkpoints. They don't give a shit about inconveniencing one person standing up for their Rights.
Holy hell the level of cringe from this dude.
I had one of these van scam's try to sell me some home theater equipment once and I just looked that them like they were crazy and went about the day. The one thing that impressed me though was that they tried doing this to me in a bank parking lot. I guess they figured that's a great place to try and catch some person with impulse buy illness.
I haven't rigorously researched the topic, but I wonder if people who filmed places like Area-51 back in the day were ever arrested? As far as I know, the government simply bought up more land in order to push people further back. It still was sorta pointless since people would just get bigger and better equipment to film. It's crazy to think some military base along a public street would get such a designation. However, it likely would take only one high profile event with an auditor at one of these bases to trigger POTUS to make such Executive Orders. I actually want that to happen so the courts could just put an end to it.
I used to go to comedy shows at firehouses and small places like that and there would routinely be physical fights breaking out between comics and the crowd. It really was exciting. The smaller the venue and the cheaper the booze makes for a very exciting comedy show.
Not quite a password, but those are EXACTLY the first four numbers for the combination on my luggage.
I don't know how far back it goes from a conspiratorial standpoint, but it seems like every recent President there has been, theories always pop up to how they will refuse to leave at the end of their term. It is just commonplace now. It's like psychics/mediums that put out a torrent of bullshit, one thing happens to be correct, and therefore they can see the future or dead people. People have to make up this "dictator" narrative just in case he really does go off the rails and attempts something like that so they can be like TOLD YOU SO!!!
Pepaw has been dead for years but still watches you fap from the great yonder.
I think we all can agree that child slave labor is fun and exciting!
Hey man, the first time I go out with a chick, I make sure to tell her I'm a cannibal serial killer with AIDS and have 43 children!
Law is one thing, company policy is another.
Uhh there are already names in the works: Costa del Lex, Luthorville and Otisburg.
I hear that as well, and not to sound like a dick, but I rather hear or read it from actual legal sources. It seems like there is a vast difference between cops caught on camera intentionally and maliciously conspiring to violate your Rights and cops on camera believing that they are enforcing a *valid* law. Another interesting thing is that I wonder if they intentionally didn't want to see his "proof" of the public property so they can just play dumb in court?
The one negative I hear about them is that they will loudly defend most of your Rights, but don't expect them to be very vocal on your 2nd.
I watched that one live while in a facebook group chat. A lot of HOLY SHITS typed at the same time haha.
I doubt Apple was helping the FBI, but most people agree that the FBI obviously already had the means to get into the phone, but they needed to go about it the way they did for legal reasons.
What I mean is that they actually have laws in place in some states where if you take your gun into a store that has a sign posted prohibiting it, you would be breaking the law. It makes me wonder what if they could pass a law prohibiting things other than guns?
Even if a seemingly open and shut case like this video, in most civilized countries, you would still have some sort of mental health evaluation before capital punishment. I know a lot of people will say that sort of thing shouldn't matter in cold-blooded killings like this and want swift justice, but it is something that should at least be given a serious look at before executing a person.
I'm not sure what or if there are actual punishments for violating those signs in states that have them, but the sign often includes the code along with it. Like you said, I doubt they could do it for something like a camera, but nothing really would surprise me. I guess the broader question is if they can make a law up restricting one of your Rights when you from enter private property, can they do it for others? Obviously the government already does that for secure places, but I'm talking about regular private businesses.
In the US, even in cases of retard homicides and other violent crimes, they evaluate them to figure out their level of retardness. I get what you are saying, but there have been cases where people that are so developmentally disabled, that they simply don't even know the difference between right and wrong. I can't see any justice in executing or even putting someone in a regular prison who is that fucked up in the head. That's precisely why mental hospitals exist.
Try mixing them in with your smegma to really spice up the pizza.
[Can you eat your own poop](http://gawker.com/5985723/can-you-eat-your-own-poop)
She look like George Pataki and I'm going uvula deep all night long.
The slot the slot
There are definitely state hospitals for the criminally insane.
I'm pointing out that they were detained and the guy fled. Some people are bizarrely stating that isn't illegal to run away.
I never said it was. I was responding to the notion that someone could flee a detainment and not expect to be pursued.
Come on, you know you want to check their names out on facebook!
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1M5cITS3gs)
They went as far as trying to say he was in a school zone. I don't think regular people really understand that no matter how nice they are being to you, they are continuously trying to find something illegal to implicate you in.
That is why even a seemingly mundane question like "where are you coming from?" can possibly get you in trouble. I wouldn't even feel comfortable telling them why I am out open carrying because it just takes one lunatic cop to interpret your answer of "educating the public", as some sort of protest that needs a permit.
Is there anything low maintenance that will usually outlive a human? I know some parrots and tortoises can easily do it, but it would be great if there was something easier to keep. I've had regular pets growing up and the older I get, the less I want to deal with having buddies that live 10-15 years on average and then croak.
Have any of the guys that do this court building area in general ever tried to actually go talk to the judge that issues these orders? I recall at least one time some sheriff deputy or someone offering to take someone outside filming inside to talk to the judge.
Big fan of your show on MSNBC weeknights at 9pm.
I was clipping my toenails once and a huge chunk from my big toe flew directly up my right nostril. That involuntary huffing and puffing out the nose like when a bug flies up it really is kinda funny.
Reminded me on the Soprano's when Tony curb stomps Coco in that restaurant and the Spanish kitchen workers say [get a mop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPT-zh1sk74#t=1m43s).
What exactly is needed? 1 hardware kit, 1 set of shoes, and 2 cables? The shop stated that they "don't know" if the cables would need to be replaced until the other stuff was being done. I'm just trying to find out everything needed so we are not scrambling because something was forgotten. Maybe get both cables to be safe and just return them if not needed?
Some guy who lives in São Paulo told me that guys routinely dry hump to completion on jam packed buses and trains.
That's a big company. New England Motor Freight.
I've gotten the feeling that the people who constantly bash him in here and online don't even really hate him, but it has become more of a "trendy" thing to do. People see how much of a reaction they get from taking a negative angle and others follow for that same attention. It's almost like your common internet troll that will randomly chime in on every topic out there, except they focus their negativity on the show, while still devoting their time to listening to the show so they can continue doing their thing. It's like the new age version of how people that hate him listen even longer.
Are there a lot more slang terms like "awelo" when it comes to making up words for grandparents? In English there seems to be a never ending amount of ways to say grandfather and grandmother. Some of which don't even remotely resemble the original word.
OK Spanish speakers, what's the closest translation to "Chokeslam from Hell!"
Fapping and killing all the younglings in deez nutz.
I hope Shane's only scene is a flashback continuation of him railing Lori from behind.
Obviously need to get all the facts, but if she was just a passenger who wasn't suspected of a crime, she should have just sat there quietly and ignored the cop or only ask if she is free to go. I'm not really sure on how a traffic stop works though as far as if the driver must ID, IF the sole reason for the stop is because a passenger does something stupid like sticks their head out of a sunroof. That would be a risky game to play as the driver, but as another passenger completely not involved in what another passenger does, she definitely shouldn't have ID'd. That being said, it wouldn't stop an out of control cop from just lying about a seat belt violation. Will be interesting to see where this story goes. Sidenote: Can you be charged with giving a false name if you were never detained/arrested in the first place? If so, just another reason to keep your mouth shut.
None of that at all. I love seeing everyone find bits funny, argue about stupid shit, etc. My point is that there seems to be a faction that love to shit on the show just to shit on it.
Maybe I'm reading too much into it. I guess it's possible this platform really isn't much different than things like message boards or even social media to some extent. You are always going to have a group of people who band together and love to hate on the show that they love. It's almost as if it has become a bit at this point. I personally enjoy reading both positive and negative, but you just know in the back of your mind when you open a thread, the negative stuff is generally going to overrun everything else. It's gotten to the point where I think most of us here don't even really think about it that much anymore.
I remember reading a story about a guy who was on trial for something but they had to delay the start of it because he was deaf, illiterate, AND didn't know common sign languages. That presented a real problem. If I remember, they eventually found some kind of interpreter that was able to translate basic communications with him.
"Am I being detained....for getting pussy?"
I'm not sure how that works when it comes to age and RAS. They weren't basing the RAS off her age, but rather that they *reasonably* believed she looked to be a student. They will couple that with the fact the school is around the block and she told them that is where she was headed.
Never fapping again.
I don't know if it is just some wacky glitch on my device but the video embedded is some black dude from the X Factor. I thought for a second it was some unknown footage of the BOY repost I'd never seen and got very excited haha.
It is just a matter of sub hivemind mentality. There is literally no way to know the context since the video started where it did. The guy could have just as easily been trying to stop a fight.
I've seen the video a bunch of times but this is the first time I have ever seen a wrong embedded video for a correctly submitted video. It may make for some mischievous submissions on the site as a whole if it is a common glitch.
If the cops are monitoring a livestream for who they are trying to arrest for this ridiculous crime, how would they possibly know these other auditors are "witnessing" those online crimes? This is the biggest clusterfuck ever. It would be great if Open Carry Texas had a couple hundred people show up filming and livestreaming.
This pun just krills me.
I'm floundering to get that pun.
One of the guys down there [called Miami PD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd0TpqZ8Njo) a while back and they all seemed clueless the law existed.
Time to kill younglings!
For those that can't watch, he basically decided to walk through an internal border checkpoint, didn't answer their questions, and was handcuffed and forcibly fingerprinted again.
What are the odds these "city" cops truly had no training on those open carry exceptions? It seems like an extremely simple yet vital training point.
What? I can't ear you.
My great uncle saw some lady at the mall that he hadn't seen in a long time and the first thing he said to her was "Boy did you get fat". Everyone turned and walked away like we didn't know him.
I'd love for Trump to nominate Hillary just to cause utter and massive confusion on every spectrum of the political playing field.
You must be a Vegeta,rian.
Just to be clear, this opinion is from 2 months ago and not from yesterdays SC opinions. Also, I found [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/supremecourt/comments/8b22ex/the_supreme_court_gives_police_a_green_light_to/dx3jyz4/) that sheds some more light onto the 4th Amendment angle to the story.
ALL ABOARD THE DOLEZAL EXPRESS!!!
SFW cumbox!
Charles Manson mugshot game is on point.
Supervisor watches the video and comes up with every excuse to justify the attack. I think some of these cops literally want more people to hate them.
That's the only restaurant I've ever gone to where I cannot leave without taking a shit.
While I don't think it comes close to disturbing the peace, what he is doing is certainly making himself a target for future police harassment. Hopefully he lives at least a town or more away from that location.
Your comment looks like you are talking directly to [him](https://i.imgur.com/x0LjxXk.jpg).
Thanks. The site must have been down when I originally tried it. I tried it twice then just gave up and went with the cache link.
I was in a left turn lane at a red light with someone in front of me. The Green arrow came on to turn and they refused to go because the red light above it was still on. I beeped and beeped to no avail. Once the arrow went away and the regular green light came on, they turned in front of opposing traffic who now also had a green light. I shook my fist in anger at them.
I wonder what the protocol is for someone with an upcoming death sentence if they keep committing crimes in prison? I doubt they will delay your sentence just to charge you with another crime. I imagine you get one last laugh by gassing a guard knowing that you won't be charged.
My girlfriend and I bought him and some other celebs from TWD and SOA drinks after a convention when we wound up at the same bar. I asked one of his "handlers" if we could get a picture because I didn't want to be *that guy*, and he somehow realized I was asking permission through the other guy and he interrupted and immediately posed for a selfie with us. He was really cool, but some of those dudes from SOA were the shit. They were pounding back drinks and gladly accepted invitations to go outside and smoke weed hahaha. It was a surreal experience.
Chibs, Tig, and Bobby. Opie was part of the convention but didn't hang out at the bar. It was one of the Walker Stalker conventions that had the SOA guys and some other celebs mixed in. Sean Patrick Flannery was sitting next to us eating dinner. Some other less well-known actors were also there like the guy that played Joxer on Xena. The guy who played Rocco in Boondock Saints was a real party animal.
I told this story before, but I was at Walmart once and the employee working the self-checkout asked to see my ID since I paid with a credit card. I thought about just ignoring him, but at the time it would have been very inconvenient if they did call the cops and ended up trespassing me. Now if it happens again it wouldn't matter if they trespassed me since I'm able to go to other ones nearby. I personally don't mind flashing the receipt if they ask, but a DL/ID is out of line.
If you think that's bad, the recent video of that guy "Mexican Padilla" getting arrested for trespassing at a post office has him using the word multiple times at the cops.
I guess for some people, certain words are a "go-to" in their swearing lexicon.
I guess when it comes to videos online, people get aghast that certain foul language takes place. It's unfortunately what goes on in the real world and probably won't stop until people are raised differently or make a concerted effort not use certain words even when enraged.
I would have liked it if he just abandoned the idea of going out that door and went out the front. I don't know Walmart's policy about their LP people using physical force, but the guy would have made a better case if he tried to leave that way and was still prevented from doing so by someone from the store. I doubt the cops were there when the initial denial to leave that back door happened.
It was either a cop or military official that said after the Kent State Massacre that they didn't fire warning shots because the bullets might have came down and hurt someone.
You get to mow down people from Mandalay Bay.
I hope they respond that they also have a husband and boyfriend.
I could easily see him getting arrested, showing or the cops finding the receipt, and then saying he's still be arrested for disorderly conduct or whatever catch-all fits.
Him yelling faggot at the end could have easily been enough for angry cops to snatch him up. I get that he is angry, but you really have to control that kind of language unless you are 100% prepared to be arrested.
I never said who did what so calm down. Not to mention weed is as legal as alcohol many places.
I'll get right on it.
Oh no. People drink and smoke...
I remember an old episode of COPS where the police showed up at had the one party tell the other party they were placing them under citizens arrest. The whole citizens arrest thing is usually made a mockery of, but it is probably something to look more into since it is a legitimate thing in some states.
Just put the fire out by doing a 2 liter soy sauce cleanse.
That's the logical and correct thing to do for all, but if you do it in a regular passenger vehicle, you're going to be the recipient of a constant barrage of honks and angry curses.
Let me tell you about the corkscrew...
If you are a celebrity or anyone for that matter, and you want to publicly drink and smoke with strangers, you are assuming some risk. People blow shit like this way out of proportion just for the sake of bitching and moaning. It didn't hurt you, it didn't hurt them, stop crying.
If you are a celebrity or anyone for that matter, and you want to publicly drink and smoke with strangers, you are assuming some risk. People blow shit like this way out of proportion just for the sake of bitching and moaning. It didn't hurt you, it didn't hurt them, stop crying.
If you are a celebrity or anyone for that matter, and you want to publicly drink and smoke with strangers, you are assuming some risk. People blow shit like this way out of proportion just for the sake of bitching and moaning. It didn't hurt you, it didn't hurt them, stop crying.
If you are a celebrity or anyone for that matter, and you want to publicly drink and smoke with strangers, you are assuming some risk because you have no expectation of privacy in public. People blow shit like this way out of proportion just for the sake of bitching and moaning. It didn't hurt you, it didn't hurt them, stop crying.
A much simpler and easier way to enjoy one of these is to just put 2 bacon cheeseburgers on top of a french bread pizza and then another french bread pizza on top. You can then either cut it in half and have a bacon cheeseburger pizza burger or leave it whole and have a bacon cheeseburger hoagie. Using 2 grilled cheese sandwiches as the buns for your bacon cheeseburger also works great.
Cops can definitely issue citations even if they weren't witness to the violation. Be careful and check your state law regarding refusal to sign.
I'm not sure where you are getting this info from, but the cop can certainly issue him the citation since he has the other cop (the witness) there to tell him what took place. It's a scumbag thing to do but the cop that wrote the ticket and the other cop could show up in court if the guy decides to fight it. If either of the cops don't bother to show up, then the ticket almost always gets thrown out. Cops issue tickets and charge people with various things all the time despite them not being witness to the actual incident.
When I was given a ticket for careless driving or whatever it was long ago after an accident, I got a ticket in the mail. Supposedly a single person who was a bystander said I did whatever they were charging me with. I guess that is why I got the ticket. Anyway, the cop and that person didn't bother showing up to court and the judge just walked over and told me they're not here and the case was dismissed. The cop clearly wanted no part of it since it was a waste of time and the witness obviously didn't care that much. The entire reason for the ticket was the hope that I would just pay it and be done with it.
Thanks, Humperdoo.
Ever pass out on the subway and wake up at a stop that resembles a third world country?
You're gonna just have to roll the dice at that point. The judge can't "force" you to say anything. Like you said they can charge you with contempt, but then you have to decide if that is a better option than saying something you know will definitely fuck you. You also have to consider you may still even get convicted even if that contempt charge can be used against you, but I don't know how that specific scenario works.
Also distant relative of Wun Wun.
No it was the judge/magistrate. It was a small district magistrate office and her name was on the desk.
We need an entomologist to chime in and confirm or deny that bugs die due to a nut allergy.
I'm pretty well-versed in Stop &amp; ID, RAS, PC, etc and while what you said is correct, a person really needs to decide beforehand if they are prepared to be arrested for arguing with cops over whether they must provide ID in a Stop &amp; ID state. The cops don't need to articulate jack shit to you on the spot. If they want, they will arrest you for refusing to ID, put you through Hell like they did in the original story of this thread, and then concoct something to *justify* the charge. For example, you are out filming the police on a traffic stop or having some other interaction with the public and they look over and see you filming and get pissed off. You know you are completely within your Rights to film them in public and *know* you don't have to ID when they walk up aggressively towards you. They demand your ID and you refuse. They arrest you for failure to ID and put in their report some "catch-all" local ordinance or whatnot such as loitering. Or maybe they write in the report they witnessed you jaywalking. Or maybe you have a backpack and it's late at night and they say "we've had a lot of break-ins in the area". The point is that cops can and will come up with "legitimate" and complete bullshit to justify an arrest. There are so many laws on the books that it is nearly impossible to always be 100% certain you didn't just violate one of them. Cops usually will study and remember the pettiest laws and ordinances where they patrol so they can at the very least allege they have a legal foot to stand on when making an arrest for "contempt of cop". They don't care if you are found not guilty or the charges are dropped because they still "got you". Yes, in rare cases cops are arrested and lose their Qualified Immunity, but those cases usually involve violence and/or death. If you weren't injured and have 10's of thousands of dollars to burn, sure you can still try to go after them, but the best you are probably gonna get is they get fired and get a job in the next town over. It is ultimately your choice on how you want to handle the initial interaction.
I imagine they usually use discretion in instances where they are not intentionally trying to make someones life miserable. Most cops are trained to be aware of the body language and the way someone without ID gives them their name and DOB. You usually see it on cop shows where they will ask multiple times to see if you change any of the info and will ask you how old you are and stuff like that to see if it lines up. The guy in that story seems to have just met a psychopath cop that was going to take it to the most extreme way of dealing with something so minor.
The FB page says it was a Dollar Tree. Not that it makes much difference though since a search of this sub for both of them results in a nice gold mine of content.
I'd imagine after a while, even in the zombie apocalypse, you gotta beat off. I suppose it is an unimportant aspect for the show to delve into. However, I do think there was a severed hand in Daryl's camp....
That scoot-back and slide made me wonder for a second if the video was somehow reversed for that single scene. It's always odd seeing some kind of atypical behavior like that during an incident.
They seem to be a serial reposter. Either a karma grab or they just really want to make sure people have seen these old videos.
Come on. If you're gonna concentrate on reposts, at least link to original threads. I know you don't have to, but we try to leave the sub as free and easy as possible. It would just be a courtesy.
Macguyvironman
I didn't delete any of your posts. I'm just pointing out that a lot of them are reposts. People are obviously free to vote on it how they wish. Some people will dig through and look for the original threads and that is a good thing, but I personally don't constantly feel like looking them up to post in the comments. If you or whoever else is posting something obviously old, it would be great if you found the original threads, but you are also free not to if you wish.
That's what people have to be aware of. I got stopped while being the DD, and since the car smelled like alcohol, the cop made me get out. I told him I wasn't going to take the FST's at first, but ended up doing a 5 second "follow the pen" test and he told me to have a good night. I think he knew within seconds of me getting out of the car that the odor of alcohol wasn't coming from me, but he still had to push a test on me due to protocol or whatever. The reason I did it was because I was very far from home with a car full of family members. It wasn't the time or place to push the issue and leave them all stranded if the cop decided to be a prick.
Yeah, you definitely have to figure that into the equation. In my incident, the cop came up to the window and when he said he smelled alcohol and told me to step out to perform the tests, I said I wasn't going to take any tests. This was as I was still sitting about to open the door. My girlfriend in the passenger seat yelled at me under her breath to knock it off haha.
I didn't mean yell as in scream. Just a look over at me and a "knock it off". She knows the focus of this sub interests me and doesn't really give me grief about it. I guess in the actual moment though is different. It was more along the lines of what my thought process was, in that it wasn't a good time and place to make a stand.
The first words out of my mouth were that I wasn't taking any FST's. Then reality set in that if the cop wants, he can arrest me and then a car full of people are left stranded hours from home in the middle of winter. I didn't really need to plan ahead of time since it was the only logical decision that could be made. Had I been by myself, and for some reason the cop said he smelled alcohol, I would have refused the FST's and forced them to decide how they were going to proceed.
I was so excited to review my cursing tirade and footage of a car that decided to stop on an off-ramp just barely out of the lane at night. I got home and brought up the footage only to see blackness. I then stomped away angrily after realizing the lens had shifted up and recorded the sky.
The pillar or the stones?
It's better not to write it and see people blow gaskets over the comment.
I know some people will look at the monetary outcome, but for fuck sake, don't even bother with an "interview" or interrogation if it involves suspicion that you are involved. I know some people think it can only help to talk with police after something tragic, but seriously, consult with an attorney. If you have not been arrested and can't afford to go that route, just decline to speak.
That's an interesting exception as to why you might want to say something to the police. Have a few comments rehearsed in your head if they are gonna attempt the psych bullshit. Maybe even answer them if they asked who the potus is or some other general question unrelated to the encounter.
OK, which of you fucks that called up nearly just wrecked your truck?
[The original article](http://www.fox2detroit.com/news/local-news/michigan-driver-says-deputy-ticketed-him-for-noise-violation-for-playing-f-the-police-#) probably clears things up a bit. This was a case of the cop being offended by the words and using a local noise ordinance as justification for the ticket. The cop also mentions the absurdity that someone might be offended as justification, however that seems to be a completely different ordinance in that city. 86-143 Obscene and offensive language. No person shall use any obscene, offensive, derisive or annoying word in the presence of another or direct such language toward an individual in any public place within the city under circumstances which cause or are likely to cause an immediate breach of the peace. 58-204 Specific prohibitions. (8) Operate, or permit to be operated, any sound amplification equipment in or on the vehicle so as to produce sound that is clearly audible more than 50 feet from the vehicle.
I'm certain the main charge will be trespassing, but this is interesting because the cops say he is being trespassed because he won't ID. They may have shot themselves in the foot by using that line of thinking. I like the guy stood his ground, but if you don't want to get arrested, leave when they mention trespassing. It's one of the easiest catch-all's the cops can use to fuck with you.
A couple people that do "1st Amendment Audits" actually got invited inside that new Detroit building and [filmed the tour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPOZtjjWuJc#t=1m20s). Usually the Scientologist people call the cops when those guys film their buildings.
I normally only do the justified excessive horn in cases where I am able to have an avenue of escape. It just isn't worth laying the horn on someone who is stopped at a light or in traffic in which you have no way to keep moving. Too many nutcases in the world that take a horn honk as an invitation to physically attack.
Got me wondering if there have been any same-sex famewhore prison marriages?
It's also bizarre and dangerous due to the fact that you would be suddenly fucked beyond belief if the mother in law suddenly falls ill or worse. I understand Richard's reasoning, but it is reckless to have zero back up plan.
And there are various levels of travel insurance. I once got the most basic and then couldn't go on the trip. Well, the most basic doesn't cover "I just can't go" as an excuse. I could have tried to go to and find a doctor to lie and say I was sick, but that would have been a hassle. I just called the airline and told them the other person in my group was sick and just won't be able to make it and crossed my fingers that I'd get a partial refund. They credited the full amount to my amazement. It was around the time of one of those hysteria's about a worldwide flu, so maybe that helped me out.
*“I explained that I thought the quickest way to get this done was to have a conversation between [Flynn] and the agents only," McCabe wrote. "I further stated that if LTG Flynn wished to include anyone else in the meeting, like the White House Counsel for instance, that I would need to involve the Department of Justice. [General Flynn] stated that this would not be necessary and agreed to meet with the agents without any additional participants."* *Explaining why Flynn was not warned about the possible consequences of making false statements, one of the agents wrote in the 302 that FBI brass had "decided the agents would not warn Flynn that it was a crime to lie during an FBI interview because they wanted Flynn to be relaxed, and they were concerned that giving the warnings might adversely affect the rapport."*
I know private businesses are under no obligation to accept certain types of payment, but I have no idea when it comes to government agencies. I'm surprised the cops didn't arrest the guy on the spot for some catch-all.
The ol' my person didn't win so I hate the electoral college rant. Both sides love whining about this when their person doesn't win.
My fedEx told me that joke.
It comes down to the fact that while people filming may legitimately antagonize other people, it is those peoples responsibility to not get physical. Even if "fighting words" are used by someone, it doesn't automatically make it legal for someone else to attack them.
If that guard really was taking orders from someone in the church, Furry needs to gather up as many people he knows of a similar lifestyle and go peacefully film outside the place.
But it will almost always come down to whether or not the police want to forward charges to the DA and if they will accept. Having clear evidence on film is going to either really help or hurt things as well. The whole "fighting words" thing is just ripe for a court battle if it goes that far.
OK, so what do you call a pepperoni &amp; pepperoncini pizza
Nah they got a guy who never touched cigarettes to do it and created a chain smoker.
Golden State?
That's like calling your face your throat.
Potentially hiking the ball right into your big ol' horse cock would add an exciting element to every snap.
She's got a clit like Peter North. Where we're going, we don't need strap-on's!
I turned around and saw brother Pele in the back.
Because she grunted twice for no.
Trying a paint thinner enema tonight. Thanks for the advice.
It is smart not to answer them because an "imprint" doesn't automatically mean a real weapon. It could even mean an empty holster. On top of that, according to NNH, there is zero duty to inform in Texas.
Tremors learn how to use Stargates and team up with the Goa'uld. Earth's very survival is in the hands of Richard Dean Anderson and Kevin Bacon.
The count-logarithmic's of the issue do in fact correlate to the local Euclidean metrisation of a k-fold contravariant Riemannian tensor field, but if the semiset curved into the subatomic, the infinities might cancel each other out and end up with the smoke bridge seen in the video.
Reminds me of the time I was at Walmart and I saw a mongoloid girl running full speed toward me with her hand down her pants pleasuring herself. I sidestepped into another aisle and she ran past. Even if I had been 14 at the time, I don't think I wanted to eat that vegetable.
Some of the people have put out the uncut and edited versions. That is really the best way to do it, but I guess some people don't want to or don't have the time to go that route.
He is probably talking about some doors they use to take inmates or VIP's. It really doesn't matter. It's just scare tactics.
That's also changing rapidly because of legalization in states. If I remember, Massachusetts has even gone as far as saying the smell of burnt AND unburnt can't be a sole reason to search a vehicle. I would love to know how other states that legalized it have tackled the issue.
It was on the O&amp;A sub. I guess the nose meme economy is on fire right now.
Because the story discusses what happens when someone decides to talk to cops without a lawyer. I knew posting it would have people whine about politics instead of focusing on the relevant issues.
During thee riots going on in France. I think [this is the original thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/a6uj85/if_they_were_filming_vertically_i_could/?st=JPRQDUDU&amp;sh=3f020042)
How much would I get if I took .001 gallons of that?
Someone should put the song to the Vietnamese lady breastfeeding kids upskirt video.
Did the cop get the picture from his DL by running the plate? This seems strange because if that was the case, the cop would have just immediately arrested him for the warrant.
Out of all the horrible decisions the family makes, at least Terry exercised a fool-proof birth control method while fucking his niece-in-law.
Is it true or a myth that a last ditch effort to try and survive trapped inside a structure that is on fire is to go into a bathtub and attempt to breath from the drain?
Lord Of The G-Strings: The Two Blowers wasn't too bad. I enjoyed it.
You'll never believe this, but I just read that everyone that owns a bump stock just lost them while fishing out on the lake.
While I don't know of any legal obligation or court cases around the issue, if the cop did positively ID the guy before he got his ID, it seems like some bad faith to string the guy along. He could have just arrested him right away. I don't even know how a failure to ID charge would hold up if the cop already ID'd you. I've seen plenty of videos of cops recognizing someone who they know is wanted or has a suspended license and that is their sole reason for the initial detention. It would be interesting to see if someone in such a case is still guilty in the end of failure to ID.
If the cop already ran the guys tag and knew for a fact the guy had a warrant, there is little reason to keep up the charade since he is already able to arrest him. That either means he was waiting for back-up to arrive or he wasn't 100% sure it was the guy, but decided to arrest him anyway for failing to ID.
Well if that is the case, then he did it to wait for back-up. The odd thing is that even once all those cops showed up, they still didn't immediately arrest him. They seemed stuck on the "failure to ID" issue. Which would be meaningless if they already knew who he was.
There's an Efukt for that!
I remember and old one on VHS. Some kind of standard yard worker scenario that ends up getting caught banging the guys wife. Husband walks in and catches the guy fucking his wife's feet just as he finishes. Husband says, "You foot-fucking freak. You soaked the couch. You're fired!"
The only thing so far that I'm curious about is at the 8:11 point, Jack asks if yous can leave and the sergeant says "not quite". You mention that he hasn't articulated that you guys are detained. Have you researched any case law on exactly how much the cop must say in response to being asked if you are being detained/free to go? I personally would interpret his reply as him telling you that you detained. This isn't exactly the same, but similar to when someone is pulled over or stopped and immediately put in handcuffs. It may be departmental policy to immediately explain the detainment, but I am not aware of any law that compels the cops to tell you why you are being detained "right away". Eventually, yes they will explain it.
Figures he's Brahmin.
I don't recommend people new to the issue to talk at all to the cops, but in your case and other seasoned civil rights investigators, it is smart to make the cops say as much as possible. Their comments can also be used in court to aid you.
You are correct that you cannot donate for a specific purpose, but interestingly enough, The Treasury Department has a branch called [Bureau of the Fiscal Service in which people can donate money to the government](https://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/public/gifts-to-government.html).
J....eux sans frontieres
18-24-61-B 17-17-4
I mean it might be the most wholesome, but there is also the whole pissing on a hookers face and farting in her mouth thing.
Reminds me of a picture I saw on one of the gore subs a long time ago of a table in some foreign country full of excised vulva's.
ARTICLE V. - PUBLIC RIGHTS-OF-WAY OBSTRUCTIONS[5] Sec. 23-105. - Applicability. It shall be unlawful for any person or entity to obstruct any right-of-way in the City of Gainesville, including temporarily obstructing the general movement of vehicular or pedestrian traffic and including any digging or excavation in the public rights-of-way, without first obtaining a permit from the public works department. All obstructions within any public right-of-way not permitted in accordance with this article are hereby declared to be nuisances and shall be abated and removed in accordance with law. From where he was standing, the cop was talking out his ass. However, such a vague ordinance could and probably is used against citizens all the time.
Go read the comments on any story at (insert website against that person) and be sad.
*Hurrying to Photoshop a Brazzers logo*
Except the title won't say yak or highland calf. It will say something like "this extremely rare dwarf grizzly/polar cub hybrid".
If the Pilgrims ate hardtack, so can you.
The extra pressure on your prostate will propel the good kids into the ceiling while your unwanted one's drown. You could reverse the scenario as well if you are bored.
The only thing I knew named Creme Puff growing up was one of the local gay guys that would talk and try to suck off truckers on channel 19.
I'll call it Emaus. Fight me.
I had a fire extinguisher fall off my desk at work once and it landed the same way at the one in the clip. The ABC dry chemical instantly filled up the space I was in and I just sat there in disbelief at what just happened and tried not to breathe because I wanted to laugh. I got up after about 10 seconds and walked outside while my coworkers were hunched over laughing about my plight.
I haven't seen it mentioned, but former Miss Teen Delaware did a GDP video and it caused quite a stir at the time. She looked like she was bored the entire video, but said the facial was the best part.
I bet cavemen once even thought it delusional that they could start their own fire.
Most of those people just don't care because they have no sense of caring about the not too distant future. The thing is that nobody knows what the future holds, so their thought process may very well end up meaning just as much as those that do care. Life is always a gamble.
"Hello everybody, this is Running On Empty, Food Review"
Gold? Platinum? Nah, it's Reddit vagina bacon for you.
They seem like they WOULD have the common courtesy to give you a reacharound.
I think it has already started happening in recent time, but as more and more time goes on, people are going to be less and less "angry" over things being spoiled in this technological era.
3.6 Meowgens
The only thing I remember about it was it being an ingredient in a recipe in the anarchist cookbook.
I think along with what I said, the whole "omg think of the children!!" aspect plays into it. They believe a kid seeing a bad word will suddenly become a school shooter.
I just figured I'd ad the S since I wasn't talking about a person. I swear people find the dumbest shit to go all bananas peppers over.
That's just flat out wrong. There is no harm in asking the question when dealing with law enforcement. It's the unhinged people that scream it over and over that have turned it into a mocking meme of sorts. It may be obvious to most people that you are detained if you are being pulled over driving your vehicle, but it isn't always as clear if a cop just walks up to you and starts talking to you. Cops are trained to lie and be deceiving with their questions and it isn't so easy to know in your own mind whether the contact is consensual or a detainment. And for that reason, you should ask right away.
I'm not worked up over anything. I was just trying to give some insight on how the average citizen reacts to these situations. It sucks to say, but most people out there are not as in tune with the stuff we read in this sub.
Most people don't know how to shut their mouth. If they can at the very minimum know if they are not being detained, they can walk away from potentially yapping about something that will give the cop a reason to detain them.
I think you would only be helping yourself if you leave immediately when someone tells you to leave the property. If that cop then shows up and pulls this same shit, you stare him right in the face and tell him you'll never willingly ID. A lot of these auditors argue and ask questions when told to leave a building and that is only going to end up working against them if they really do take it all the way to a lawsuit.
I think it's fair to say that a lot of these auditors get heir fair share of scrutiny about their tactics. Pointing out that the average citizen reacts poorly on the spot when confronted with something that is not "normal" to them, is also fair.
Just to expand on that, they will often times also use some very quick "verbal judo" during these pat downs. They will be shooting the shit with you while they pat you down, making you think they are your friend. Then while they are talking to you about the local sports team or weather while patting you down, they will slip in a quick "you don't mind me checking your pockets right?" and then quickly return back to the previous nonchalant conversation. Most people are off-guard or scared in these situations and just blurt out some affirmative response.
[This oldie but goodie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAlRDGUx-B8)
You do it while taking a shit so when you eventually wake up after passing out, you are already set to take another shit.
Nell dogs
Child support is no laughing matter.
I personally heard an off duty cop at a bar explain to me how a guy open carrying was one of those "sovereign citizens" solely because he didn't want to ID. I just shook my head as if I was agreeing with him because I didn't want him to know my thoughts on the issue. It was much better hearing a cop let that sort of stuff spill out.
The cop that was telling me about it seemed like he was repeating a memo or "training" they got on SC's. That should be even more frightening that their superiors are giving them such info and they are following it blindly like a robot.
FEED ME A STRAY CAT
I've seen places like this recreated at casino's.
I'm interested in the technical matters of something like this. Anyone care to discuss what the cops/DA reasoning is exactly? If I heard it correctly, they are saying that since they have the guy on video handing the attorney a phone, that they must give them it because it is his property and therefore the warrant authorizes them to take it. Wouldn't the proper course of action have been for the cops apply for another search warrant for that satchel that the phone was in?
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that there have been gay people who dislike straight people to the point of physically attacking them just for that reason. It's obviously going to be much more rare than straight people assaulting gay people, but it isn't like it can't happen. There are angry, violent, bigoted people of all races, genders, and sexual orientations.
He should have stuck with the harassment angle. I love the guy is filming the police, but a lot of these people spread misinformation about the law because they likely heard or read someone else say something online. It is not "illegal" for a cop to ASK someone their name during a consensual encounter. The video doesn't really say whether or not the guy the cop is talking to was detained. This is precisely why it is extremely important to calmly ask a cop who approaches you if you are detained. A cop doesn't have to tell you immediately if you are being detained or if it is a consensual encounter. If it's a consensual encounter, the cop can ask you anything they want. If you are detained, then depending on your states laws, they can ORDER you to give them your ID/name/DOB. The best thing to do is ask the cop if you are being detained/free to go and if they say you are not, then its your choice on how much you want to talk. If they tell you that you are being detained, and want your identifying info, then (depending on your states ID law) you either give it to them or risk some kind of charge relating to withholding it. If you decide to give them your ID while detained, DO NOT SAY ANYTHING ELSE, other than occasionally asking them if you are still being detained. And don't scream the phrase like you often see crazy sovereign citizens do in videos that end up here or r/amibeingdetained. Try your best to be calm and collective. Remember, you may legally have to ID if detained, but you are in no way ever compelled to help the police in their investigation. So please override your brains wish to talk, and just stay quiet.
I admire what the guy is doing, but I really wish the people filming would learn some stuff about exactly what is "legal" and "illegal". A cop can walk up to anyone they want and ASK them their name, DOB, what their favorite food is, etc.
Depends on the state. If you are in a Stop &amp; ID state, and a cop decides they have RAS to detain you, and you refuse to identify, you are almost certainly going to be arrested for failing to ID. [Here is a link to the state list](https://www.reddit.com/r/RightToRemainSilent/wiki/index/statelist)
Like vagina bacon.
That's what I figured. I was just interested in if there is any sort of exceptions or exigent circumstances related to a warrant itself for a situation where the police witness something being exchanged prior to the warrant being executed.
Sadly they are allowed to lie. They can consensually ask for ID and very easily sound angry and say things like "are you refusing to ID?" This frightens a lot of people who don't know their Righs and they end up caving to the trickery.
Be interesting if the sign said something like "cleaning out the house". Make no specific reference to selling anything.
So basically the round is not great, not terrible.
I wanted to sleep with Cheetara as a kid.
It's just the feed water. I've seen worse.
It's cute seeing Darmok and Jalad on the Ocean.
Yeah tough to tell without knowing more about the guy. However there was one video I can recall where a cop knows a guy is filming and intentionally suggests he is a snitch, in the hopes his enemies or whoever else see the video.
Shaka, when the GPA fell.
Don't some (if not all?) states have something about suspected eyewitnesses to a crime having to ID? That feels sorta like "cooperating", but I also see how it isn't interpreted as such.
I only ask because perhaps the most widely quoted Failure to Identify statute in this sub, Texas 38.02, says: (b) A person commits an offense if he intentionally gives a false or fictitious name, residence address, or date of birth to a peace officer who has: (1) lawfully arrested the person; (2) lawfully detained the person; or (3) requested the information from a person that the peace officer has good cause to believe is a witness to a criminal offense. Does that mean technically you can just not answer and be legally fine?
I wonder if at any point exigent circumstances were brought up? The only thing I can possibly think of from a legal standpoint, would be if the cops were somehow claiming that they made warrantless entry because they feared evidence would be destroyed. Reading the story though makes no mention of that.
Haven't the shapeshifting reptilians already established jdate.com?
I think the problem is that they are not even claiming exigent circumstances from what I read. Maybe it was part of the other trials and full 7th court opinion but not mentioned in the article?
I'd love to see it go head to head on here with similar "stories" about Hillary. Everyone on both sides Reeee'ing.
Frogot. Will I croak?
I wish it was r/holdmybudice
Did you just assume his marital preference!?!?
I am due to be born in a month and groan whenever dad is railing away on mom and sloshing me all around.
Is the unnecessary screaming about "fearing for your life" just something some of these auditors do for the sole purpose of getting views?
I believe some military installations paint a property line.
I LOVE to sit at a green light and/or stop sign to text, browse reddit, watch videos, fap, etc. If people don't like it, they can always go around. And don't bother honking, flipping me off, or ramming me from behind, because it only increases my horny level.
They way you wrote that made me initially think you gave birth to the baby in the grocery store during winter and were getting yelled at about taking its coat off.
Not even a big fan of the guy. Just love seeing how far down an unrelated comment chain it takes to work the circle-jerk in. There really is an art to it.
I didn't miss anything. I was just pointing out the hilarity that almost anything discussed can devolve into politics.
oh stop. You know damn well people who have such a hatred for another person will always go above and beyond to drag them into every kind of negative story imaginable. I guess it's just human nature.
I saw a guy in the theater tell another guy to stop talking and the guy responded "go fuck yourself cocksucker". They both just stared at each other and it ended in a stalemate with neither of them talking the rest of the movie. I was fully prepared for a shootout.
Some of it has to do with the auditors but another factor is that there just isn't enough people scouring Youtube and other places for relevant content. I try my best but I just don't have the time like I used to. I would almost always find at least 2 new videos PER DAY on Youtube. Many of the videos ended up coming from ordinary citizens, instead of auditors.
It may not be cool, but never for a second think that someone you are fighting with is going to take a moral high ground and actually care about ethics when it comes to violence.
The article states the judge was tailgating the cop. That would be a lawful reason to pull him over. Additionally, the judge admits to honking his horn. That could be a second valid reason. I don't think the cop did anything wrong as far as initiating the stop. It was everything after that is shady.
I don't know about the ethical requirements to treat patients in other countries, but here in the USA, anyone could go to a public hospital anonymously and receive the very basic treatment to at least be stabilized. I imagine that there are people with insurance that may just not want to be "put in the system" for whatever their reasons are.
It looks more like SS. Going to buy a couple cases now.
Sure, but you don't have to say anything if the gunshot was part of some kind of criminal undertaking on your part.
No! [PAT'S DOGS, PAT'S CHILI DOGS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XOWYe9TgaU)
I wonder how well him and Alfred N. Shoulders know each other?
Can confirm. Saw proto-human Riker eat Picard's fish.
I was always taught to mime using a massive pepper grinder with both hands.
Some people interested in the history of segregation in baseball may also consider searching "Negro League 9 man DP"
Looks like the left hamstring.
[Biker Joe Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2A0VuROgKEQ)
It continues to boggle my mind that people that film the police will drive around without their documents at the ready or have things wrong with their car that cause a traffic stop. If the registration was in the car, why continue trying to prolong finding it and just giving it to them?
Toss me a prostate milk-bone.
Well here's the thing...
I'm not saying it is a fact, but it is entirely plausible that scammers and fraudsters jump on certain "movements" all the time. This movement is relatively easy foe someone to be a part of without having to actually know too much relevant info.
Clearly you never had that one fun teacher that liked to spike your juice box with PCP.
Number 2 is binding.
He's talking about his submarine.
Reminds me of that Tales from the Darkside episode called A Case of the Stubborns. Zombie grandpa refuses to believe he is dead and someone puts pepper in his napkin and he blows his nose off.
i would like to know the departmental procedure for dealing with someone who displays a weapon during a dispute. Story says they fired him, but it is important to know similar responses to this situation.
The cops viewpoint is that they are looking for a suspect in an attempted murder and don't understand why the school staff would want to hinder them in finding the kid. At least that is what it seems like from the video from their side.
They didn't conduct a search until that guy in charge of all the public schools arrived and overrode the principal/school policy.
I heard she lays sideways on a beanbag chair too close to the TV as well.
It's ridiculous that people make a blanket statement of "never talk to cops". Like you said, if you are the victim of a crime, you are probably going to call the police. I guess it depends on what exactly happened, but for example, if someone robs my house when I'm not home, I'm going to call the cops so they can take a report and hopefully they catch the person down the road at some point and maybe I get some of my stuff back. There are times where it benefits you to call the police.
I'm out of the loop on it as well, but I could swear that charlotte county channel was just a reuploader of other peoples videos.
PRIVATE SNOWBALL, YOU'RE FIRED.
Should have smacked her ass to Venus.
I'd rather an AMA of the man who met Andy Griffith.
He is probably pissed off and angry, but hopefully cooler heads will prevail.
What if it is my own, but I do not consent and still do it?
There are probably some people who get them from the bank just because they enjoy the oddity factor. However, another reason people have them or they get put into local circulation is that sometimes strip clubs give them as change instead of dollar bills. Pretty smart move.
Great, now the SGC is at risk.
There’s some psychological aspect of the cop walking over to try and nervously explain things to the guy filming, and I’d venture to say it is out of guilt.
The captain almost seemed to be in shock. Makes you wonder why he is even out on a call like that. Unless he just happened to be driving by the scene, it is rare for someone of that rank to be in a situation like that.
Shoot while your coworker is driving, scream ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY, and see if they whip the truck around.
Nice troll farm propagandist.
If he was aware it was a legitimate cause for a stop, he probably didn’t want to push the issue. The top auditors know when to swallow their pride and accept they are lawfully detained.
Nah. They’re just pig farmers and tailors.
I have the condom attachment so i can keep my pipper warm while i have alone time.
I find it interesting so many people hating on something that is only going to become more and more common. The future is already here and this type of stuff is just a new element that will eventually play roles in police/citizen interactions. I look forward to seeing how things like this will be added into the mix of court cases.
I am Hugh. A small house is futile.
How many kangaroo ballsacks do you weigh?
Her calling cinnamon toast crunch “captain crunch” tricked my brain into thinking the box said captain crunch for a split second.
I could see her getting spit-roasted by delonte west and muggsy bogues.
Not every day you see cops treating a full fledged news crew the same way they treat a citizen who is filming.
Reminds me of having Popples as a kid.
Probably people who are clueless as to what they are.
He also talks with a city attorney and an upset office woman at the 21m50s mark.
I also like that he tells the supervisor(s) what they should do to the help better train their subordinates, but is also cognizant of the fact that everything he is saying is falling on deaf ears.
I was hoping it was Warren G. Feat. Nate Dongg.
Should be interesting to see if whatever “mask law” they have includes winter weather gear.
Question, if not having a DL, registration, and insurance (or any combination) is an arrestable offense, can they search the vehicle without consent even if they are not going to arrest you? These cops still got consent even though they could have sidestepped the issue by conducting an “inventory” of the vehicle. It just got me wondering since there are often times videos of people being arrested for all sorts of stuff and the cops search the vehicle without consent.
After he splats, someone will post those pics to the appropriate gore sub and maybe another relative into that will jack off. Complete the circle of fap.
Maybe ring it with your pecker?
The irony of all those cops messing with someone filming while fire trucks outside race down the road to an actual emergency.
I wish an auditor with the time and money would have been there to put their hands out and graciously accept the unlawful arrest. Tough to change police behavior by not going full steam ahead.
This may sound shitty, but if an enormous percentage of NASCAR’s fan base actually went through with threats to stop attending and watching races, I guarantee they would find a way to reverse this flag ban. Whether people like it or not, the good ol’ $$$ rules when it comes to business. They are not gonna just fold up shop if their pockets take a beating.
The cop wasn’t lying when he said there are homeless people that don’t want help. They are probably mentally ill and addicted to drugs/booze. I agree ticketing them is pointless because they will almost never deal with it. That leads to warrants, jail, back on the street, rinse and repeat. There is probably an answer somewhere out there to solve the underlying homelessness issue, but I don’t know it. Aside from literally rounding every homeless person up against their will and unconstitutional putting them into a homeless internment camp, I don’t think there is a simple “answer”.
I don’t know why there are that many cops there for something like this. My only guess is that they weren’t on another call and just bored so they showed up. The only official reason I can imagine is that some departments may have a policy that has as many cops free and available show up because many homeless people are mentally ill and unpredictable.
I wish i had that old pedo bear meme of him fapping on a “children at play” street sign.
Not only that but I wouldn’t be surprised if there is a caveat that still allows them in “special circumstances”. There almost has to be exceptions for them to be issued in cases involving national security. The problem is that cops will judge shop until they find one that bends and attaches that reasoning to cases where it clearly doesn’t apply.
I’ve seen them and he definitely inspired me to hook suction cup dildos to the door of a hotel room and look at the maid like they did something wrong when they open the door while it is up my ass.
Especially if he puts the most famous African in WWE history in a choke hold: Akeem
You can’t really “invoke” your right to remain silent on the side of the road for a traffic stop or even a detainment. You can so if arrested and they Mirandize you. You can and certainly should just remain silent no matter what point a cop is questioning you, but the actual invoking of your 5th Amendment should verbally be done when you are officially under arrest.
Great job by the cops in this situation. They acknowledged the guys could preach and didn’t even try to escalate with some ridiculous “amplified speech” bullshit ordinance. Just showed up and kept the peace between the random guy crying about the sermon and the preacher and left. No demands of ID or anything else.
What about helping your uncle Jack off a dead horse?
Next case when he decides the other way, people on here will lose their shit and say how horrible he is. Bottom line is people love complaining.
My very first thought was that he is going to claim he ran her tag because she was speeding. His lawyer will claim that the initial use of the database was lawful but then he made an “unfortunate decision” to take it to a personal level. They know he is screwed so now it is all about apologizing and trying to shine the turd a bit before punishment.
Good god, better cancel them!
Your trolling obviously riles people up, but just to bite on your comment, there is ironically more nervous cops carrying guns in this country than people who even decide to do open carry.
There are probably statues of Native American Chiefs who committed atrocities against rivals. You can find a reason to blacken the legacies of anyone if you dig deep enough.
Had a guy give me $20 cash tip on a small Mcdonalds order. He had a unique last name to an NFL player.
The main problem is the police being able to magically set whatever boundary they want. Even a simple traffic stop will be viewed as a “crime scene” and the cops will try to force you back a ridiculous distance because they feel like they have some God-like power from a dopey ordinance that was passed due to cops who cried to their chief that they were scared of cameras.
I got 4 drinks in a bag once after they ran out of carriers.
Similar to the little “do not remove tag” Mickey from PeeWee cut off when he lost his temper, the washing machine should have a warning not to fuck your stuck mom/sister until AFTER purchasing it. That means no fucking mom and sis in the aisle at Home Depot and Lowes.
