Really depends on where here. Tampa is pretty damn spread out. Also how far you're willing to drive/uber.
This same post was made a month or so ago. I laughed the first time.
Drip coffee straight black. I always buy Cafe Naviera which used to be made right here in town for damn near 100 years. Although I think I remember them saying they closed the one here. But I'm not above some gas station coffee straight black. It's not the best tasting but I'll drink it if needed.
Teeth can be pretty easily fixed. Any professional would not try to shame you, rather they will want to do what they can to fix any issues. No CPS will not get called for a child not going to the dentist. Shit my oldest (8) has been going forever. Brushes/flosses every day. His teeth are over crowded and has had multiple fillings. They want to set a plan to remove some, do whatever other magic, then most likely braces. My youngest (5), no issues. It's frustrating, shit seems to happen even if you do everything needed. Your child, even if had gone to the dentist all his life, would still have all those problems. Good news, it's not too late. You'll be fine. They're there to help and take your money.
Nope, never been my style. When not working, I'm more basketball shorts and wife beaters if at home. Khaki shorts and usually a plain white hanes T and nikes when out and about. I'm 41 if thats needed.
Um thanks?
Me to the Falcons: fuck it, might as well
I’ve heard that but growing up it was the version: Beans beans good for your heart, the more you eat them the more you fart. The more you fart the better you feel so eat them beans with every meal.
I'm fine. I forgave myself a long time ago. It wasn't like I was suffering though. It just clicked one day "like damn bro you're fucking up. Gotta be better than that" and I moved on with my life trying to be better.
A girl. I dunno, I just always wanted a the daddys little girl. I have two little dudes though and it turns out it didn't matter what I wanted because I believe those feelings were just wanting to be a dad.
Most Pearl Jam songs
NTA. It's a pretty common thought on reddit. I don't get it but you thinking differently than I do does not make you an a-hole.
YTA for the way you continued to push her. She more than likely carries around 10ish/lbs (an infant) all day. Which 10 days after birth probably feels like exercising all day. Trust me your arms get tired, but you get really good at doing things with one hand lol. Obviously I don't know what she's in for, but you mention heart rate 150bpm. Yes technically holding 10lbs all day won't get your heart rate up. Her answer should have told you no (if you're specifically looking for high BPM).
Thanks, I downvoted. 1v1 me OP.
Not in my house. I find it funny, reddits #1 lifehack is to put TP in the toilet before shitting to avoid splash back. But then literally circlejerks these that straight up spray water up your ass.
I've tented in the backyard with my kids. I've also taken plenty of naps in my backyard screened in pool area. Otherwise mosquitoes are out of control where I live.
Reddit: #1 lifehack is to put TP in the toilet before shitting to avoid splash back Also reddit: A bidet, a mechanism that straight up shoot water up my butt, is superior to toilets most Americans use. It should be a thing here. Lol yall make up yalls mind. Wet bootyhole or not bruh?
Shit ain't flying back at ya with a plop.
Shit ain't flying back at ya with a plop.
I have before. I think I was eating fries and just wanted to see. It's not horrible. I don't specifically go get the ketchup if I'm having one though. It's pretty much the concept of tomato soup though, isn't it?
Nope. I can properly wipe my ass on my own. Don't think I've ever seen one other than when Mater used one in Cars II lol.
How do the logistics of that even work? I use mine over the sink and let it fall in there. Does she like hold a bucket under it?
Um you just explain my entire wardrobe when not working. At home, 95% of the time I'm wearing basketball shorts and a wife beater. If I'm going somewhere I'll throw on khaki shorts (above my knee) and a t-shirt or polo. Basketball shorts are comfortable and I don't care what I look like when going to the grocery store. They're breathable in my hot ass weather. Shorter shorts have been really popular lately, "Sky's out, thighs out bro", so I'm not sure where you're getting that at unless that's just a dig on those that wear their shorts on the bottom of their ass (was called housing when I was young).
Meh don't really care and I do drink. Some states do not have open container laws. Others that do, well at least here, don't really enforce it unless you're being a jackass. I can go to any beach here, they'll all have signs saying none on the beach, cops won't care unless it's a bottle and you're not being stupid.
I'd have to say no from my experience of every day life. I've never heard anyone call them anything else nor think it's sexist to do so. Sure people online it's a different animal but I don't follow online rules lol.
YTA. They said they probably wouldn't do it because they can't afford to stay in that city unless you let them stay with you. You said they could. Now you're asking for money to stay when they already said they didn't have money to stay.
Lol you the dude who always post about how to ignore all women. Go back to MTGOW with this.
These numbers are all based on averages so not exactly accurate but gives you an idea. Is it worth it for $1.50? Most TV's use about 80 to 400 watts, depending on the size and technology. Using a sample cost of 15¢ per kilowatt-hour and five hours of viewing a day, that's $1.83 to $9.13/mo. ($22 to $110 per year). Below you'll find energy usage information for different models.
YTA and this isn't about doing it while brushing. Seems she thinks you're always staring at that phone and you got upset to get called out about it.
Lead by example. They learn way more watching you than what you try to tell them.
Damn I got some chicken nuggets that look like dinosaurs. I'm about to be rich!!!
When you die what body part dies last? The pupils, they dilate.
This definitely ain't dads first child
That's something I suggest talking to your doctor about. You're 35, shut her down if she's overbearing. I want like 10 of them so I'm biased. We're done at two though because my wife feels we're too old to start over lol. Pros? more the merrier. Cons? I got nothing Despite the childfree community swearing they won't change their mind, it happens, and I'd bet it happens often. Nobody should shame you for that. A simple "I thought you hated children" is not trying to shame you.
Vacations, never too old. Shit my bros and I would do it to save money. Really just need a place to crash at night.
Ugh there are no introvert 2 years olds. Don't place him in a box already.
My kid was obsessed with this animal picture book that had different textures on the different animals. His favorite was the porcupine because it was spiky (pretty sure it was just velcro lol). He also liked the book of 100 first words. Just a bunch (100) pictures and the name of them. Different animals, foods, vehicles and stuff like that.
I'd say Cuban Sandwiches.
Info: how often on your regular account do you post on childfree? Cmon we know this never happened.
NAH but I'd say extremely dumb. Gotta live with someone to get to know the real them.
So weird how yall childfree regulars run into this all the time. Shit, I got two kids and don't see this.
So you'll yell at the child before the mom? What you scared of? Just gotta take it out on a defenseless child? Is it your social anxiety? Your depression? What is it that makes you think it's ok to talk to a child like that?
I'd imagine it's because we drive more. It's no secret on the internet that we basically need a car unless living in a big city.
You can't just ask people their race these days dude! Cmon geez
OP did not in fact yell at anyone. OP scared of adults if so
So I've never been a video game fan. Well we use to, in our early 20's, play nothing but Madden but that's about the most I got into. I got my oldest a PS4 for Christmas and last night he asked do I want to watch him play fortnite. Sure lil bro. Damn no lie, that shit looks pretty awesome. He tried to set me up to 1v1 him and damn that's a lot of buttons and hard for a 1st timer. Then he tried to say he's a better gamer than I am, I said well 1v1 me on Madden lil bro. He quit down 24-0 in the 1st when it was time for a bath. Don't try me little dude. He know's 30 different buttons on fortnite, but can't select more than 3 plays on Madden. Gotta come better than that!
1 Bahraini Dinar equals 2.65 United States Dollar
For real, gotta show him who's boss every once in a while. After his football practice tonight I think I'll treat him to a nice little getting dunked on session tonight on 2K. 2K and Madden were 60% off the day after Christmas so I figured why not.
yes it's on gamblingaddictsbeeaddicts.com
Lol. It's guaranteed I see it tonight every 3-5 minutes while watching their practice tonight. Kids just start flossing at any moment. Then be like "umm coach what am I supposed to be doing". Lol it's funny as hell
Yes I am judgmental of those who would yell at a child or more importantly go on the internet and lie about it for the circlejerk. I'm glad it makes yall feel good about yourself though, it's nice being the tough guy sometimes. I just wish yall could grow balls and speak to an adult like that. But I get it, it's probably hard with yalls crippling social anxiety and depression. God bless yalls heart, I'm here for yall.
Woohoo another post on AITA from a throwaway account saying they yelled at a child. Lol 1st of all, no you didn't. 2nd of all, what's your childfree regular account and why not just continue to make up stories over there? BRB yall, gotta protect my peeps, I'm staying in there for the downvotes!!
Not on my watch bro. What right about yelling at a defenseless child instead of bringing it up to the adult (parent)? Does it make you feel good about yourself? Is it the social anxiety or the crippling depression that would make you scared to talk to the parent?
Lol all good homey
Wouldn’t surprise me
I like how OP’s in these never comment. Pretty sure it’s some bot or just for the circlejerk lol.
Keep following me so I can follow you and see when you finally show them tits on Reddit.
Nice, I can hair them now!
I carry at least a $20 on me at all times. Just never know when I'll need to use it. I mostly use my debit card not a credit card. Sometimes the gas stations card readers are down, boom I have cash. When taking an uber I like to tip cash so I don't have to remember to get some before using it. A couple times my son lost a tooth late in the evening and I'm not running out to get cash because I already have some. I've been stuck in a drive-thru, get to the order and they say their machines are down so cash only. I think it's just convenient to carry at least some on you.
Stop making the excuses about why they can't track your phone and tell them no.
I guess slight YTA for the charging rent and bills. That doesn't sit right with me. I'd personally have a set amount but some of it is to be saved long term and some to be saved for a goal they want. It's what we do. I've also heard their spending money/savings/donating as a way. I do not have a problem taking away things and it being earned back although I'd like it based on good behavior to earn it back.
It's probably not a horrible thing to do but I think at 5 the bills things doesn't sound right. I'd just feel odd charging my own 5 year old kid rent to live with me lol. To me I think they could teach them the value of money other ways. But it's just a different preference than OP, I think either way will teach valuable lessons.
YTA for not picking up his calls, after you text him that can't make it that night, to explain why and that you'd be over in the morning.
NTA. Yikes man I feel for you because I had one of those girls before when I was young lol. She eventually won the battle and isolated me away from all my friends. I'm glad that ended and all my bros eventually took me back in. Stick to your grounds of being allowed to hang with your bros.
I'd say pretty common. There's a big circlejerk on reddit of "why he don't own her" but I feel it's just out of respect at this point. It's not about permission, it's more "hey how you feel about that?". I'm a bit more old school though.
I guess it could be regional. I was a bit older but I'm not sure why you'd find that odd. I (the dude) am supposed to ask for marriage, my GF soon wife wouldn't know so no it's not owed to my parents. I would not want my GF to ask me to merry her.
YTA because the line I trust him but not her makes zero sense. What's he gonna do get tricked into sleeping with her? It really means, you in fact don't trust him when around her.
Kind of hard to judge because you mention nothing of her social life like.
[This lifehack on DIWHY got me lol](https://i.imgur.com/nfBxt8K.gifv)
Why does it always happen around 2-4am on nights I've been drinking? Ugh every damn time. It's never started that shit during the day.
Yup in FL and own a pool so definitely mandatory for us. Both my kids started at 2ish but was instructor only at our school. They get them and parents sit behind a glass wall watching. Well the babies were with parents. They actually offer free lessons from 0-9 months just to get them use to it. So without you in it, I'll tell you our experience. Instructor calls the name and you walk the kid over to them. Our kid cried like a mad man for about the first 2-3 lessons. The instructors are used to it. So we sit behind a glass wall and watch them. Those 1st couple lessons we kind of had to hide so we wouldn't be in his sight. But they get over that, just saying there's no need to worry because most hate it at first because they're not with mom/dad. Each instructor has 4 kids, I don't know what magic they use but the kids just sit there and not run around and they take turns doing whatever they're teaching. I think I've seen one or two kids that refuse to listen but I went for almost 6 years. First steps are water safety, then float on back, get back to wall. Then they'd move up a level to to a different set ok skills. So on and so on. PS I'd also bribe my kid with a ring pop if he leveled up. So he'd focus harder. Sometimes just bought one and told him he did awesome that day.
Oh geez that's a lot of kids. Is this like at a YMCA or something? We chose an actual swimming school. It's one instructor per 4 kids. So they can handle the criers. We felt so bad after the 1st lesson but the instructor insured us it happens with most kids and he'll be fine after a few lessons. He was. They had a large pool and there'd be 5-6 different instructors teaching different groups of 4 from various levels of swimming. It was expensive AF tho. My youngest just graduated back in late November, so glad to not pay that anymore lol.
Lol don't blame ya We actually asked them to just graduate our oldest already when he was on level 9 of 9 for a bit. We were like cmon, we want to get our youngest signed up after our oldest graduates. They were learning the breast stroke, butterfly stroke and shit like that. We were like just graduate his ass already because he's not Michael Phelps and doesn't need that shit but wanted him to feel he finished it. But we refused to pay for both kids at once.
Have no issues with going to a bar unless the Falcons are playing. Falcons games will be watched at my house. I hate even going to my friends house to watch the Falcons. But like to party and I like beer so bars are cool with me.
Yeah this place also runs a swim team they do. I think they start preparing them for that later in the levels. We just wanted him to feel he accomplished it.
Forgot to mention the most frustrating part. After years of lessons and all that money, 98% of the time they still just want to doggy paddle. I'm like bitch I better see them strokes we paid for.
That's why I say a different type of financial advice is more appropriate for that age and I gave a few examples. I just don't see bills appropriate at that age. Learning the value of money can be taught other ways. I wouldn't charge my 5 year old rent as a lesson of the value of money.
Moderator of spelling bee: your word is "inward" Kid: N-I- Moderator: Hold up let me go ahead and stop you right there
Think I scared my wife this morning. I'm just minding my business taking a shower. She burst up in there and looks panicked asking me what's wrong. I'm like WTF you talking about. She says I keep hearing you scream about Russia and everyone being racist, is something wrong? I said oh yeah I'm fine, your shampoo says use liberally.
Never seen that word in my life. Cave exploring huh who knew
Aww yeah. Pearl Jam announced a new album to be released March 27th. The hype countdown has officially started. Also announced some US tour dates but nothing close. I'd like to go to the Nashville date on 4/2 but I'm already going at the end of April for a wedding.
I love all PJ! It's not "Yield" but it's a damn good album.
Shit had to look that up too. That seems to be for fun, the other is the scientific study. I would have bet money the correct word is caveologist lol.
It's about 25 miles but that's including taking my oldest to school and my youngest to his daycare. About an hour. Only around 25-30 minutes if I don't have to take the kids, which is rare. If an accident happens, who knows. But luckily I don't have to be at work until around 9ish so most of the morning traffic has died off.
Taking the kids to Disney this weekend for the first time. They're getting hyped. Despite only about 1.5 hours away we've somehow never taken them (they're 8 &amp; 5). I don't know why we've never made it but I'm excited for $10 Bud Lights. I can't even remember the last time I've been there. We got these four tickets for free so that's always cool.
Preseason game 4 was the only time I took my kid when he was a toddler. That game is basically like family night.
Lol don't think that's a bullet bro. Looks like standard old lady jewelry to me.
I think it makes a good looking dude more attractive to some. But it won't make an ugly dude bangable.
10am dentist appointment was not a good idea. I'm hungry AF but still too numb. Ugh it's nothing painful but having mouth numb is the worst shit in my books. I hate the dentist with a passion. Also the big man upstairs decided to have a laugh at me as I sat down in the chair and Pink Floyd comfortably numb came on the radio they were listening too. Good one bro, I laughed.
I'd be stupid excited right now if I was a Bengals fan.
I brought a spare brush and toothpaste this morning just so I could drink coffee and smoke then brushed my teeth on the way there. I also have another appointment at 11am tomorrow on the other side. An old filling is messed up. Woohoo get numbed again. I think I'll eat breakfast tomorrow.
I didn't choose it, it chose me.
I met Darth Vader's wife Ella last night.
Got my oldest sons 2nd quarter report card today. Improved three grades from the 1st quarter. Changed three B's to A's. It's only 3rd grade but all we ask for is try to get better and it's nice to see. Can't wait to see him when I get home to tell him that's awesome and I'm proud of him. Might even buy him a video game or something.
Oh there's a DQ right by our house. Think I'll stop by on the way home from football practice tonight.
It's flag. We have three seasons. A winter (now), fall, &amp; spring league. No summer tho, I don't know why, I'd guess too hot and too many people on vacations. Winter is flags biggest season because tackle football is not in season so lot of them play flag during off season.
Lol we're not crazy but I do know I have a limit if he starts bringing home shit grades. I'm also a math person (always A's) and always D's in English. I hate that shit.
Yup, cottage cheese and ketchup is good AF!
Math just makes more sense because it has set rules. English is all over the place. It's I before E except if you have a cousin in the blacksmithing industry and live in an odd number house. Like WTF? Be consistent. I dropped out of college due to it. The entire "writing essays" thing was just not ever gonna happen for me.
Lady: so goatsonice, what do you think Goatsonice: I'd like it a little shorter Lady: ok no problem Boom, that's how you fix this problem. You're welcome.
It's been 22 hours since I've had food. Screw it, I'm still a little numb from the dentist but I'm gonna finally eat. Then I won't be hungry for dinner, probably wake up to late for breakfast, then another dentist appointment tomorrow right before lunch. Shit is this that intermittent fasting shit yall be talking about?
I'm great at math, sucked at English. Math just makes more since to me.
ESH for yall actually arguing about this. Technically you're right, if you are counting from Sunday to Sunday as a week. Technically he's right if he's considering 7 days a week.
Yall just making up shit now. I'm not believing this.
I'm eating now for the first time in 22 hours lol. But that's just because I had a dentist at 10am and finally not numb. I guess I kind of always done IF in a way though. I've always only ate two meals, lunch at 12 &amp; dinner at 5ish. Rarely snack unless I get stupid high at night lol. Probably why I stay skinny.
A wise man once said "man yall need to calm down with this fuck shit" It was me, I was that wise man.
There's needs to be a new word. Kids are seeing the word outrage and believe it is real life. Maybe something like "look at these millineals just making up shit now" or "internet rage" or something.
Nope not difficult at all. Do I still recognize other attractive women? yup I'm not blind
Well I turned 41 last week. I'm not worried about it. There's no "it" though because I don't have a desire to be with other women. I like the life we've made. I'm not fucking this up lol. My peen probably gonna stop working eventually, I can hold out until then lol.
Pearl Jam multiple times. Can't think of a favorite. Maybe their last one since they played for 3.5 hours and no opener needed.
All I've heard was doo doo do doe to doooo doo, pew pew Lol I was just fucking with the dude below this comment...
I'll still disagree but mainly just wanted to mess with that dude who commented below me.
Oops, it was completely unintentional.
I’ve been with one girl who had a hairy butthole/crack. Guess it can be a thing for anyone. My shit pretty much bald
Currently having a Pearl Jam power hour in the garage by myself. My oldest is at football practice with my wife. My youngest get bored at his practice so one of us stays home with him. Well he went to the neighbors house to play with those kids. I’m peacefully bored lol.
Florida so it’s rarely cold for 75% of a day lol. Most cold days, you wear one and take it off by lunch.
Most normal people do lol. But I rarely watch either so I don’t get a lot of comments here. I’ll send them memes in our group chat tho
That’s why it’s wife beaters and basketball shorts 24/7 when not working. I’ve seen snow twice in Iowa and it’s not horrible feeling. It’s horrible when it’s too cold to snow tho. One day it said -7 on the car and that’s just dumb to put up with.
My wife makes a good chili. Best part is chili dogs the next day. Low key top 5 food item.
My 8 year old loves that shit. I humored him by playing with him. It’s too much for me (don’t play video games) and he was fucking me up. Then he started talking shit that he’s a better gamer than I am. I’m like bro, slap on that madden (All I played when younger). I was winning 28-0 in the 1st quarter when it was time for him to take a bath and quit. Lol no mercy
Ah I remember my 20’s
I only smoke when alone. I just can’t around others. So basically a smoker M-F after kids and wife go to bed
Nice. A little lesson in humility goes a long way.
Yes for ease to obtain but it’s gotta be thick cut. Don’t come at me if I can see through it.
My 8 year old put me on some Post Malone a while ago. I tried to refuse, because I’m a boomer and 2pac and them are great, but shit I like some Post. His shit rides.
I guess me too bro and I’m 41. He’s pretty good
I’ve said it before but he reminds me of Nate Dogg from my days. Yes he’s known more of a solo artist but he rarely carries a song throughout. He always as features, like Nate Dogg was the feature if you wanted a hit in his time. They have the hooks, but others do a lot of it. It’s no diss on him, Nate Dogg was awesome. It’s just who he reminds me of as an artist
What kind of catcalling? Just dudes trying to talk to you? Because that's not catcalling if you ask me. If it's dudes shouting from across the street or whistling and shit like that then that's different. Honestly haven't witnessed that happen in a long time.
I always thought it would be cool to have a daddy's little girl. No other reason. But I have two little dudes. They're awesome AF.
You can't call a dude just trying to talk to a woman and get to know her as catcalling. How the fuck else we supposed to meet women to date?
Reply: Thanks milf!
NTA to ask but be prepared for him to laugh in your face. He has no obligation to pay for this.
YTA. Woopty freaking doo you did a grand total of 5 questions.
Me in my league with a bunch of my bros. Been doing it forever. I'll just do the last few years. 2016: Champ 2017: Champ 2018: Champ 2019: dead last. I did absolutely nothing right this year lol
Yesterday I had a 10am dentist. Which resulted in me not eating my lunch until 3:30ish due to being numb. Get home, wasn't hungry for dinner so I didn't eat. Told myself I'd wake a little early to eat breakfast (I never eat breakfast) since I had another dentist appointment at 11am today and wouldn't be able to eat lunch. I in fact did not get up early and eat breakfast. I'm so hungry it's almost been 24 hours. Based on yesterday, the numbness today should wear off around 4:30 so I might as well wait to get home and eat dinner. Gonna be damn near 26 hours by that time.
That's not food. Hmm a strawberry "aka the best" milkshake would work though.
That's why I go for the 1lb dumbells. Any smart man should know they're just easier to pick up than all the rest. It's not rocket science people.
Yall really underestimate the versatility of ketchup. It can be used on many things. Mayo/miracle whip is a strong second. I'll name a few. Eggs Cottage cheese Chicken, nuggets, tenders, KFC, chicken wing, all of it An overdone steak Mac &amp; cheese Grilled cheese Fries onion rings Burgers Hot dogs The list goes on and on
My friends that live out of state get a call about once a week. My local friends, we're all on a group chat and BS pretty much constantly. Hang out often.
Their product is fine. Speaking to customer service and expecting anything done is a complete waste of time.
YTA kid. He did this out of love. Obviously he cares about your well being and was doing this to help you.
&gt; you are an adult Doubt it
&gt; much Lol doubt that either. But I'm guessing maybe 14ish
Info: Is he smelling this instantly or complaining that you need to take the garbage out more frequently? Like, are you letting it sit in there for days and that's what he's smelling?
NAH but it's just a bad idea to surprise someone with that. Could result in you losing money. Talk to them about your plans first.
YTA slightly for feeling he's being an a-hole in this instance. I can understand his feelings, at the time, of feeling worthless that you didn't turn to him for help. I know it was unintentional, stressful moment, but it would feel like a kick to my stomach to play second fiddle in that moment.
Fun fact: an ex football player and local talk radio personality was once arrested for touching a horse (cop). Also was fired after being arrested, but has worked himself back into it.
Nah you can't slap her ass but bros are fair game
I think just visually you'd see something majorly wrong. On top of that, I guess look for missing shingles. I think once a year is overkill, you'll know by the leak if there's an issue lol. I think you'd be able to see smaller leaks if you were able to get into your attic, looking at the underneath part. I have an attic where I can see the underside of the roof.
Bro. To get ass, you gotta bring ass.
YTA bruh I'm 65 and want to watch TV all day in my house, while I let you stay here, you better keep your mouth shut. Edit: you also aren't 41. You're a child in this house, aren't you? Or is the entire thing made up?
I was speaking in terms of her step father, sure I missed an "if". I am in fact 41. Look at OP's history of posting in askteenagers. They're aren't 41 with multiple kids
You can get those things dirt cheap and they're easy to replace.
NAH. Doesn't even sound like he cared, just an innocent question, maybe he even thought he was being funny. I would have replied "after new years, they're considered party lights" Laughed and went on with my life.
All good bro
In my stupid years, I too had a VOP (same as what I was on probation for), which they dropped the VOP but was still charged for the second offense. Dropping a VOP isn't the most uncommon thing. Character witnesses are normal too.
My friends went through this. Bought a new car, a Ford Focus, and seems much better now.
White people “except the antitrend millineals” love mayo. I am said white people. Yes I gotta have mayo and ketchup with my fries. Maybe I mix, maybe I want one or the other, I like options. I love miracle whip too. That’s some tangy goodness. They don’t call it the food lube for nothing
I like Florida (born and raised). Love Tennessee too. Specifically Knoxville, Galtinburg &amp; Nashville.
I feel ya, yet it’s not that uncommon if you pay a decent lawyer. Pretty sure that money filters down.
Just vote what works best for you. You only have one vote. You can’t and shouldn’t agree with every position a certain person does. Just do what’s best for you
Yup panhandles every day (I’ve driven the same way for a little over 20 years). He seems like a nice dude, but I stopped with the money when he could afford what my friend could who actually worked. This was years ago, but dude still there and always wants to talk.
John Cena lives maybe 15 minutes from me. Don't think he was born here though. I've seen him at our Publix.
You just trying to cause a fight today huh? Lol it's all preference man. I personally find Papa Johns my favorite chain. The Dominoes by my house is complete garbage and last time, instead of keeping the leftovers, I just threw that shit away. Pizza hut is probably second, but I'm pretty tired of it because we get it a lot because it's convenient. But maybe I'd get tired of Papa Johns too because I only get it maybe two times a year because there's not one close enough to deliver to my house. I love Chicago's deep dish style. It's a different experience of pizza than say your normal slice type. I'll fuck up some NY style too. It's great, depending on the mood I may want that or deep dish style. I really wish we had a great local place. We have a few local places, but they're aren't that great to justify paying $20+ for a pizza. Just not that good, better than the chains, but not for that price.
The ones on the internet are annoying. Out in the real world has never been an issue.
Way back when I went there was no uniforms unless it was private and or catholic schools. But there was absolutely zero electronics allowed. Beepers were a thing and they'd get taken. And hats, they hated them and could not be worn lol. These days, a lot of schools have gone to uniforms. Basically certain colored polos and khaki pants or shorts (maybe jeans, but I'm not sure). I don't know the electronics rules these days but I see a lot of kids getting off buses on them.
Take your /r/ihadsex fantasies elswhere
NTA if you're prepared to not be mad about be excluded because you won't wear one. It's fine, you don't have to be in her party. Is it worth keeping up your "religion is bad" fight to have your friend upset with you? That's up to you.
Ugh all three of my neighbors kids have it right now. My kids were playing with them a couple days ago. I'm hoping that shit doesn't hit us.
[I've watched this video at least 5 times this morning lol](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WKz5xkRVso). The internet just kills me sometimes.
You're on the internet where a bunch of nerds hang out, of course they like star wars.
My favorite beer is Bud Light so...
Best idea
It's just your adams apple dude. Chill out, go have a beer.
a Trump rally
Mine is received. I don't know why because it actually follows that sometimes correct rule of I before E except after C. I think I just don't trust that rule or something. I type it a lot to my customers too, thank God for spell check.
I'll try but don't know how close I can get to him. My oldest has already said "I don't have to take a pic with Mickey do I?". Lol he hates/scared of people dressed in those costumes. He will want to leave Chucky Cheese when that fucker comes out. I'm excited, I don't think I've gone in over 25 years.
Playoff wins: Tim Tebow = 1 Lamar Jackson, Stafford, Carr, Dalton, Wentz, Trubisky, Josh Allen, Mayfield, Darnold, Winston have a combined 0
NTA that seems reasonable to me. If they don't want to stand around and watch, they can pay for their own lane. You're supplying entertainment for their kids and food a drinks for all, that seems normal to me.
Tebow willed his team to the playoffs with his heart and effort.
I like the way they look. Better to have something and not need it than to need something and not have it. Gas is cheap AF and they're getting more and more MPG these days. Trucks if upkept can last a long time (yes cars can too). I don't own one but it's on my list for when I look next year at a new ride.
[My kids like singing this (chorus part) song when they attack me.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABcLd1vK3Tg) But I think it would be pretty awesome if Greta Thunderbug used this as her walk up song at her next speech or whatever she does.
Info: Have you thought of the possibility that this friend may have feelings for you? Thus he'll always paint your BF in a negative light to make himself look better.
Lol you spoke just moments too soon.
Man we're pretty unsure when. He's only 3rd grade and hasn't asked. He does use our phones regularly to call his friends. I think we will when we feel comfortable leaving him home for a bit by himself since we don't have a landline. Probably middle school.
Yeah I imagine at some point we'll start getting the "but so and so has one"
Like I'm very proud of the little dude he's becoming. I love all the phases they go through. That said, I totally wish I still had a little baby to hold. My youngest (5) is on to that next phase too. But damn it I want to hold and love on an infant! If it was up to me I'd have like 10 kids. Yes I get a little choked up looking at the old pics. But tonight I might get a little choked up when he scores a TD in his flag football game.
Yikes that just seems like a big waste of money. My son will call a friend say "hey want to come over" or "can you play fortnite" and that's the end of the conversation. They're not sitting there gossiping for hours on end at that age lol.
You know, I kind of forgot. My oldest, who’s in 3rd grade, uses an iPad everyday in class. They have one for each student in class or can bring their own.
It'll vary from person to person. Me personally. I work 9ish-4:30ish Monday - Friday. Home by 5:15ish after work, eat dinner around 5:30, then do whatever. Usually go outside with my kids and mess around with them, or if they're playing with their friends I might work on a project in my garage. My kids go to bed at 8, my wife about 8:30, and I go to bed around 11 so there's 2.5 hours of just time to myself every night. Saturday and Sunday we (wife and I) don't work and we just do whatever. Maybe we have something planned or maybe we just hang out at the house all weekend.
I say the more the merrier since it's a park. It's basically a party for the parents and I like to party. We had about 35 and we also did it at a local park with a rented pavilion. The pavilion had a grill and I did a bunch of hot dogs and burgers and brought coolers filled with drinks and had just minimal decorations. Me and all my friends tossed around the football, let all the kids run around, had a few beers, and had a great time.
My wife and I were never ok with it. I know many people like it and do it. Some do it just out of convenience (easier than teaching them to sleep in their own bed/crib). We just never wanted to go down that route. All bets are off when the kids are sick though, they can have my spot and I'll sleep somewhere else.
Probably my current car, a 2005 Acura. It's nice inside. I like the way it rides. It's almost at 200k miles and nothing ever goes wrong with it. The only thing wrong with it is the paint job. It was red, but the Florida sun got the best of it over the years and it's a shade of pink now. Lol my wife hates it but it works for me. I'll be looking for a new car at the end of next year. Another Acura is on my list of cars I'll be looking at. My wife loves her 2003 4runner. She wants another 4runner when it's time to get rid of this one. It's still in great shape inside and out.
I like those. I have the TSX. They're definitely fun.
We have a few of them in our neighborhood. I think they're a bit much because there's just not much traffic to begin with in our neighborhood. Other than that, I can't say I prefer one or the other. My kids love them though because sometimes if no one is around we'll just go round and round.
I gotta go with MJ and the entire 1992 dream team. That was fun to watch as a kid and huge basketball fan.
Me at Disney this past Saturday: Look at these dickheads who think they're better than everyone using their FastPass to skip all the wait. Also me: Yo kids, next time we definitely getting a FastPass Overall fun time. I don't know why we didn't even look into a FastPass though. Now we know lol. My kids were champs though, did not complain once about the waits nor did they act a fool in the lines. They were beat by the end of the day though. According to wifes fitbit, we walked about 8 miles. Only a few times did I need to throw my 5 year old on my shoulders because he was tired of walking.
Lol it damn sure was. My wife did some googling and it said this past weekend is usually one of the slowest of the year. Yeah um, if that's slow I don't want to see busy season. It was packed but man we had some great weather so maybe that's why. Get that FastPass and I was told they have an app which tells you each rides wait time. I didn't have enough battery to download it and use it all day. One thing I learned though that may help you. So there's a bunch of places to eat where you stand in line and grab food and find a table. I wanted to sit down restaurant style because I was tired. Well it turns out they're all by reservation only and occasionally take walk-ins. Luckily we found (on 3rd attempt) a place that was taking walk-ins with a wait. Now I know to make a reservation.
Charles Barkley absolutely bullied Angola lol. It was awesome. There's a documentary out there on the dream team. Don't remember if it was ESPN or what, but it's pretty cool.
NTA wanting to celebrate a holiday does not make you an a-hole.
Having body issues does not make you immune from being an a-hole. You can have and be both
YTA because you're 18, an adult, who's capable of getting a job and buying something for himself.
YTA if you refuse to let him invite his daughter to the wedding NTA if you insist on not having her in your bridal party
Oh that sucks. But still, you're 18 crying over a video game system.
Yup, my wife (only child) grew up in a house of zero sugar. Nothing until later teen years. She has a crazy sweet tooth now. I grew up in a no rules about sugar household. Now I rarely do sweets, just don't have a sweet tooth. We just moderate the amount of sweets with our kids. Obviously we won't let them substitute it for our regular meals. Our only rule is no soda, we don't even keep it in our house unless we're having a party. Even that has been broken with my oldest (8 years old) as we've given him sprite at times when we're having a party or at one. I can see this blowing up on us and him getting Big Gulps everyday when he can later in life lol.
I just ventured into the comment section, of a gif of a baby's first taste of ice cream in the funny subreddit. First of all, cute video. Upvoted: OMG you just gave that kid a lifelong addiction to sugar. Those parents just ruined that kid and will never want to and or will refuse to eat real food now. Downvoted: Yo chill, it's just a lick of ice cream.
One person was upvoted "you wouldn't give a kid highly addictive alcohol or a cigarette, why sugar?" And that's when I left the thread.
Yup big time lol.
Fuck if I know. It's a lost art or something. The amount of people that just stopped walking right in front of me was crazy. Like sure dude that's a perfect place to stop for a selfie.
Nah not far tho. veterans and 54
Depending how long in August, but NFL preseason starts in August. Not the best quality games, and they don't count, but still fun to watch and get drunk.
It'd come off better as a face to face conversation. I'd hate to feel my child was scared to talk to me.
I still tell my wife I want around 10 kids. We're done at two, but I still want 10. Wants are different than reality which you learn. I want all the kids but know it's not feasible at this time.
I catch it with my hands, if I can, so it doesn't go everywhere. Then I wash my hands and move on with life.
Honestly, I cheated on every girl in that time period too. When I got around 27ish, I don't know something changed, maybe I matured, but it hit me I hurt a lot of good people that didn't deserve it. Felt bad, took some time off dating, forgave myself and moved on with life.
Probably play some football or basketball. Basically what I did every day at 5.
First thing, take a nap for like a week. Then who knows. I'm not into much extravagant stuff. Just continue living the good life but with more money now I guess. Definitely buy a cadillac like I've always wanted. I could afford now, just can't justify spending that on a car. I'm a simple man, just give me some Bud Lights, music, and let me chill.
NTA everyone deserves a weekend away. Sounds like it's just the weekend right? Then tell her the good news, that you'll in fact be in town on St Patricks day because it's a Tuesday lol.
It was a lot of "nah not that because I hated someone with that name". No arguments. Our first, we were at a bar, I was having a couple beers, we were spitting out names, one came up and we both liked it and that was it. Second kid basically the same. Our first childs middle name was after her dad, so I got to pick our second sons middle name which was my grandfathers name who had recently passed at the time.
Our school has an onsite before/after care program. It's pretty damn cheap compared to daycare too. I also know some daycares pick up from the school for aftercare.
YTA because they were doing their standard procedure. It's not their fault, you made up in your mind that she didn't believe you.
NTA introvert or not, go spend time with your fam and don't let her make you feel bad about it.
[Guys, we have to prevent this. Our actions are hurting our youth](https://imgur.com/a/tvpw0I1)
Info: how exactly does jewelry get ruined in a washer/dryer. Was this some plastic shit?
How about an Italian themed restaurant/strip club. We could call it "Uh-oh Spaghetti! Hoes"
I once bet this girl, who didn't really care for me but was friends of friends, $20 while drunk that she wouldn't spray me with it. I then leaned over with my mouth wide open, and damn it if that bitch didn't spray me right in the face/mouth. Lol I probably deserved it and yes I paid the $20
I've never watched that
I feel ya. I can't do it, but there's two strip clubs here locally that people swear you can get one of the best steaks in town outside the high end steak houses.
We just went this past Saturday. It was fun, kids loved it. I think they'd probably enjoy the other theme parks more, because they're a little past the disney age (8&amp;5) but we thought it was a must to take them there (Magic Kingdom) first. Still not sure why it's taken so long to take our kids because it's only an hour and change away. But now my kids can't stop talking about it and making a list of the other parks to visit. Definitely get the fastpass tho.
DI2K here, because somehow that's relevant lol. Same here on the rest.
We both knew we just wanted to pay off two little debts we had before going for it. I told her when those are done, pull your goalie (IUD), we bang as normal so it would be a surprise to me.
Z cavaricci's, overalls, pants with the legs rolled tight, hammer pants, and skidz clothing was popular when I was in middle school.
Hi bored. I'm pj_lyrics
Um that's a hot take? I mean, it'd be a mandatory thing for me if they were speaking anything but English, otherwise how TF would I know what's going on? Is this some so new "you're not woke, get cultured" BS?
Oh WTF is with that shit? So they just sit there pretending to know what's going on, making up lines in their head? That's the dumbest shit I've read today and I've been on reddit all day at work lol. Sounds like a bunch of pretentious assholes to me.
I don't want to brag but I've flossed every day since Christmas. It's just a waterpic flosser, which my dentist says ain't as good as regular flossing, but we all know damn well I can't get into that regular flossing BS so this is something. I can't wait until my next appointment, if they say ooohh you've finally been flossing, imma be like you damn right I am. They always with that BS about you need to start flossing. My last appointment dentist asked "when the last time you flossed" Me "you were there bro".
&gt; do bald people need to put sunscreen I cut my hair using clippers without a guard, so almost bald. Yes I need sunscreen. A sunburned head sucks and you look crazy if it's bad enough to start to peel. I do use shampoo too. I feel it's just to clean my scalp and less likely to dry my scalp than regular soap. Then use lotion.
Lol I figured why lie when he's about to look and will know damn well I haven't been flossing. I just can't get regular flossing to stick as a routine for me. This waterpic thing is pretty cool though and 1000 times easier. My hands are too damn big to be sticking in my mouth trying to use the string.
Meese
When I was 10ish I bought a plain black hat with just the logo on it because I thought it was cool. I got Brett Perrimans (Lions) autograph on it, on the under side of the bill. I still have it in my closet somewhere.
Yup then I'm like fuck it I'll start for real after the next cleaning.
My wife's fitbit is synced to her health insurance app and gets points for 10K steps a day. After so many points, you can redeem them for certain things. We always chose the $25 amazon gift card. We went years without actually paying for diapers for our kids because we'd always have available gift cards. They've made it a little harder to earn these days but we still get them.
Do they? Never heard of that. Her boss pays her health insurance so maybe that's why we've never noticed?
Oh who knows. Anything to do with insurance is a mystery to me and just out to confuse you. I let my wife handle all BS since they sell insurances to business.
Meh I think most of us were just bitter from what happened in the SB. Kind of like an ex GF where you lie to yourself saying she was never anything anyway. Nobody could have seen the collapse after that season. Also nobody in their right mind should have thought bringing in the drunk guy nor bringing DK back was a better move.
I was saying past the Magic Kingdom (Mickey and Minnie) age. He has animal kingdom as his next one he wants to go to lol. Don’t get me wrong, they (and me to, I’m 41) had a blast. Just think other Disney parks would be more up their alley. But grown ass adults love some animal kingdom too. So who knows
Yes I just went on Monday. Everything was fine except she said I could bring up my good cholesterol up a couple points. Otherwise all my numbers were good. I'm pretty healthy but I go because a check up and good numbers is reported to our health insurance plan. They give points for these things, after so many points you can redeem a gift. We usually opt for the $25 amazon gift card.
[This one where you say you're 23 again is not deleted](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/efyfwn/my_stepmother_37f_sexually_abused_me/fc36msr/?context=3) Go get your writing ideas from the screenwriting sub you visit
Without even going into the mental health part, I couldn't date a 28 year old who could not support herself. Yes I'm assuming you live with your parents. Whew man, then throw in the "im not ready" "I don't know if I ever will" lol and I'd laugh my way right out of a date with you. Probably give it a go if you were 18-20, but not a grown ass adult at 28.
It's not gonna magically fix all the issues they have with themselves.
I was the starting QB in little league and we went to 6 straight super bowls (4-2). I'm more than likely the best handoffer in history of little league football. I'm pretty much the best and I pissed excellence. I was 5'1"ish going into high school and I had zero desire to try and play school sports because the last thing I wanted was to stay at school any longer than possible. I could have made it, because I did end up around 5'9", but my body didn't cooperate by making me fast AF nor strong enough nor did my mind have the urge to play anymore.
Shit I remember when the 49ers used to beat us down on the reg. Screw them. I do like Shanahan, but can't cheer for them.
I did it for a couple months due to an injury and I couldn't walk. HOLY shit it was boring, I could barely keep my eyes open. It was me calling businesses trying to get them to take some survey bullshit. It was so long too, some people would start then just hang up saying it's too long. I was horrible at it and left as soon as I was able to walk on my feet. The only thing is they tend to pay higher than others because the employee turnover is high. There's also always a few longtimers there, and those people must be out their damn minds.
Info: How far out was this supposed to happen? Why does it seem like yalls family hate each other, is there some background we're missing?
How long until the rehearsal?
YTA there's plenty of time to reschedule.
Lol it's the worst man. Yet there's some people that do it for years and I just don't see how.
ESH. Him slightly for being immature which ain't that out of line for a 21 year old. You for keep pressuring him so much while both still young. You'll either push him away or into something he's not ready for. He's telling you by showing you what he wants out of this right now. If it's not what you want then maybe it's not right.
NAH it's not your job to make others feel safe around you while you're not doing anything. You can't control everyones emotions. As long as it's legal, then I say keep doing what you do.
YWBTA just wipe the damn table down, which he might have done or might have used a blanket. Wipe it down and it would be cleaner than most tables you eat at daily.
I'd say pretty much demanding being engaged by 21 and married by 25 is pressure.
It seems the media has really played it up the last few years. Some will say the divide tactic. In everyday life it rarely comes up.
It's not that common but some will leave a small tip during the holidays to mailman &amp; garbage men for providing them service throughout the year.
Jaime Pressly was my dream in my early years. She could still get it too.
Guarantee this guy calls himself a "foodie"
If yall can work those decisions out with a mediator then it doesn't need to be nasty court battle. That may be a big if lol. BUT DO get a court ordered agreement eventually. Yall can say yall will work nicely all you want. Shit it might work for a while. But then one of yalls life/situations change and it'll fuck everything up.
I'm sure people who use tik tok also find other things in life interesting. Sounds like you're looking down on them instead of just being cool with having different interest. That said, I've never seen tik tok so maybe I'm way off lol.
Hey you watch your mouth kid! She's a saint. Pressly in her prime &gt; Robbie. But it's nice to see a version 2.0 these days lol.
I'm so cultured! I just can't with you American uncultured swine.
Lol fuck you dickhead. It might be a little hard to do at 41. Don't think I haven't had dreams about that a time or 10 though lol. I do coach my kids flag football so it's something.
Sometimes it's nice to get in touch with your inner self
Gotta avoid them hoodrats bro. I'd like to set mine up for all the rich white women neighborhoods. That's be dope.
No I'm not down with that liberal agenda! I love white womenz
I was there this past Saturday and yup it was closed.
Damn. Just listened. It's definitely different. It's got a real 80's feel to it. I kind of dig it.
Woah just listening to the new Pearl Jam song on real speakers, instead of my work computer earlier, yup I’m loving it. Whew come on March 27th for this album to drop!!! I’m totally not biased at all. The bass line does remind me of that Taylor Swift song Calm Down at times tho lol.
I listened at work on my crap computer speakers and was doubting. Put it on real speakers when I got home and I can get with this! Next up, need to throw on my earbuds.
If you don’t take a pic of fresh meat on your grill/smoker then you ain’t even BBQ’d.
Same bro. There's only two of us at my job. I like to, well I'm expected to show up around 9ish. I used to call my boss if I was running late to let him know. But this dude ain't been in the office before 10:30 in years. I don't say shit anymore.
Nah never felt that. I'm not embarrassed of my immaturity. I like being young at heart while still having the head to do the shit needed as an adult. There's plenty of times I think "damn I can not picture my mom/grandparents doing some of the stupid shit I do" but that just makes me laugh.
Tampa is really spread out. Really depends on where in Tampa.
Is it every time or just when he's busy playing with something and just won't stop to go? I'd start by making him sit on the toilet at least every hour.
My mom ordered me this "do 10 things" hammer for my birthday a couple weeks ago. Said sorry I didn't realize it was shipping from China so it's late. I got to pick it up last night, it might be useful. [But I did get a laugh from the good ol china packaging lol](https://imgur.com/a/V74HD7w)
Yikes it's tough man. I think you're taking the right direction now. My youngest (1st child was a breeze) would have pee accidents when playing with toys or something. We also had to go to punishing the behavior. It'll be over soon bro. They're just phases, sometimes that try to push your limits, but it'll pass just take a deep breath.
According to my BMI, I'm not fat, I'm just too short.
I don't know why everyone is freaking out about the corona virus. It's tolerable with a little Lyme disease too.
Bud Light
Oh man, should have hit it with some salt
Wonder if they're any good? My wife likes white claw and Trulys. I'd bet it's half the price of those brands. I actually had about 6 white claws last night after getting home and realizing I was out of Bud Light. I hate seltzer but whatever.
YTA and just tell them "yes I am the asshole for taking it out on the teacher, my bad". Teacher has no control, it's for the administration of the school to handle. She seemed to do everything in her control and reported it.
Yes I can tell a foreigner based on their accent. No I am not good at placing said accent to the correct place.
Well those services you pay more to be lazy. I've never used them and probably never would. I don't like to pay extra just to be lazy. I'd say $12 is on the expensive side assuming you already have the general stuff (spices and stuff like that) on hand to make something.
&gt; and sidecuts Oh you see short hair is fine but only certain people can pull it off. Side cuts aka "fresh out of brain surgery" look, in my opinion nobody can pull off. That's gonna be a no from me.
On #1, New Yorkers hate people that don't know how to walk on a sidewalk. On #2, you're just flat out in the wrong in that situation.
I'm all for it. When we transitioned out first child to a real bed. Of course he did the whole get out of bed and try to leave the room. We tried the pick him back up and placing him back to bed, over and over lol. So we decided to put one of those childproof door handles on the inside so he couldn't open it up. First few days he cried then eventually went silent, we'd check and he was asleep in his bed. After 3-4 days he just stopped trying all together so we removed the childproof handle. Couple days after that we didn't even need to close his door and he'd stay in bed.
YTA slightly because you don't actually do anything with her too. Take your girl out bro. It's not bad to see your friends until you're not doing anything for your wife. Also tell her to get out with her friends too. My wife and I do a lot of bro/girls nights. But we also have a date night this Saturday.
Info: Would he get upset if you spent money from the joint account? If not, I can understand his reasoning of "why tho". This was a discussion my wife and I had prior to getting married. I was against completely joint account. She changed my mind. It was simply "ok well we don't give each other shit over small spending, and we talk about large purchases". It's worked out great for us.
Opposite for me. My wife handles and pays all the bills. I just always sucked at it, out of laziness/forgetfulness, so I let her do it. My credit score is awesome these days with her handling it lol. Occasionally if we've had some weird unexpected bill, she'll just let me know we need to keep it chill this pay period. I don't need much, just want to buy me some beer without asking permission lol.
My kids like to get inside their sleeping bag and let me do that. One day it's gonna bust right open at the end lol.
I feel ya bro. It's starting to hurt these days when my 8 year old jumps on me when wrestling. Especially when he blind sides me as I'm wrestling younger bro.
Person B is TA
I'll listen with no shame. I don't care that he made a couple dollars off me 18 years ago when I bought the CD.
I wouldn't ask to contribute to the cost of the trip, that should be on you. Depending on the age of the kid, I can't imagine a parent not sending their kid with some spending money.
Lol I think I'm gonna need my wife to hold my debit card when I'm finally serious about quitting. I have no self control to not pull over and buy some more.
I usually buy a case (24) of Bud Light on Friday and it'll last until Monday. I think you good bro.
My sons teacher told me she overheard the following conversation in class Kid: Nobody loves me My son turned to him excited: Well, your mommy loves you Lol he's such a sweetie. But like WTF going on with that other kid?
Cool thanks. I probably could have googled that but was lazy.
Nice in Tampa and ATL fan! I moved right outside of Tampa a few years ago but still work in Tampa. My boss has been complaining about that, he lives in S Tampa a block or two away from bayshore. I'd be excited if I was in my early 20's though. Had some fun times there but I can't do it anymore.
My thoughts too. I hope it's just parroting what he's heard like maybe mom has shitty relationship and the kid doesn't actually feel that way. Or maybe he was just throwing a tantrum for some reason.
Friend and I were out on our jet skis. Apparently we just missed the signs that we were entering MacDill Airforce base space. A boat with dudes with big guns came running up on us. He asked "hey you know where you are" Me "um yeah" (just meaning I knew how to get back from where I came from). He said you're on the air force base property and I'm like oh shit no I didn't know that. We were nice, they checked our licenses and let us go on a warning but told us we had to go way out there to get past their property. The signs on the bouy's had "shooting zone" on them and I'm just happy we didn't get sniped.
Damn what a dick. I mean, sure I've thought that phrase in my head before lol.
Yeah but not quite as bad as Mardi. They do have a kids parade usually the weekend before the regular one though. It's pretty tame and fun for the kids.
I went for the first time a couple months ago. My only advice is to slow down and take your time! I went way too hard too fast and was full in about 6 minutes.
She's a planner. Needs to know all the details and get them all worked out well in advanced. I'm the exact opposite. Like if we're throwing a party 5 months down the line I get never ending questions or non stop talking about it and I'm just like shit I haven't even thought about it. Nothing to deal with, I've learned to just live with it and expect it. But in her defense she gets shit done and out of the way when I'd procrastinate to the end. We kind of equal each other out.
Yo fuck them trees. The oak trees in my neighborhood are already spitting out the yellow pollen all over everything. I swear it's about two months too early for this shit.
A come back from being down 29-3 late in the 3rd quarter
INfo: why haven't you just gone up to her and asked her WTF is her problem?
No, it's called standing up for yourself.
Damn I jealous, it's been about a month since I used mine. I am dropping kids with the grandma this weekend so I have that going for me.
Yup that's why we spaced our kids out to only have one in it at a time. They just handed out the end of the year statements (for taxes) and damn it's sticker shock seeing that number on paper lol. The difference will be about 6k from what we're paying now to what we'll be paying when no longer in it.
My wife does 7-4 M-T, 1/2 day (7-11) every friday. They do a 4 person rotation on Friday, so she works the late shift (11-4) once a month.
Im 41, happily married. I don't find it harder. But I have said for the longest time, if my wife leaves me for some reason, I ain't doing it (relationship, dating etc) again.
Yeah I'd love it but I suck at the early stuff. She's an early riser though. Luckily her office is only a mile from our house so it's not worse having to commute so early. I'm on a 9ish - 4:30ish M-F schedule.
Hopefully
&gt; I would very much like 6-8 beers right now
My favorite purchase in a while has been spending $32 on two speakers and a bluetooth amp. I made a box and built it into my workbench in my garage. Are they good? Probably not. I'm pretty sure I'm tone deaf anyways lol. They're plenty loud for my garage though.
Agreed. [Here they are in all their glory. I love them lol](https://imgur.com/a/lhXe8gb)
I've heard Cuban sandwiches, specifically on real Cuban bread. My friends parents use to have Cuban bread from here shipped to their bar in Tennessee and the people lost their minds over them. Maybe that's just TN though.
With our credit union, first time buyer was only required 3%. Of course you gotta pay PMI but whatever it's not horribly expensive.
Drink tonight AND do fun stuff tomorrow.
I would think less of anyone who would willingly not try for some sort of custody of their kids.
YTA only because vegan food is too broad for me to believe all of it will make you sick. I'd have no problems if you just said I'd prefer to eat a fat burger before and I'll just chill with a soda while there.
ESH. So you're telling me this all started because of her talking on the phone and carrying a baby? Yeah YTA for that. She TA for not keeping it between yall.
Yup you still the a-hole for arguing about that and a little over protective if you ask me.
100% on A-C, The mustang seems 50/50. I notice a lot (typically hot) women in Land Rovers too. I'd throw in the Jetta too. Shit maybe VW makes a lot of lady cars lol.
In that same gap he was close to demanding a trade
That seems weird. I guess from googling it, it's to protect poorer customers who do not have bank accounts. But are/were these stores common practice? Or is this just to get out in front of it, if it did start to go that way? If I owned a business why would I turn down any form of payment? Why lose one form of getting money? Especially since cash isn't hit with fees. Most credit card companies charge a fee.
I'm not one for putting down others for their fashion, but to the lady I just saw in the parking lot, maybe a "here's to the weekend" shirt isn't the best choice for a Monday.
Shit didn't think of that. If that's the case, I could be cool with her. I like to party.
Since 10:35 to now = 13 calls from the same spam number. The robot talking about my social security number being hacked or some shit. I've hit the "block number" and that shit is still coming through Add in two other spam calls from different numbers, different spams. This shit is out of control today. I feel like I should be able to bill these people for using my anytime minutes.
I am on T-mobile. It rings as "scam likely". I am hesitant to turn that on because it's how people get in touch with me at work. I've picked up "scam likely" calls being an asshole only for it to turn out it's one of my customers lol. It even says "may block numbers that aren't spam". We're a small company, we don't have a landline, we use a VOIP that transfers to our cell phones.
Thanks I’ll check it out
Nice it’s a robot that says to call their number back tho
Probably go play football out in our yard like we do now most days.
Well there's a teacher/kid ratio that needs to be covered. The insurances they have to carry is crazy (liability). How do we make this work? Well we both work and just pay the bill.
YTA. It's just a guess but I'm assuming you are an a-hole because you also tried to not let her go to the funeral a year ago. I get wanting it an immediate family (dad and bros) thing, but it sounds like an excuse now because you didn't even want her there the first time.
how about you try poutine deez nutz on yo mouth
I haven't worked with a woman since 2004.
Yeah YTA a little bit. This should be his decision.
Yeah your intentions are good but I'd leave it up to him.
info: you have a thing for your bros GF don't you? Otherwise you wouldn't even think of doing something so asshole-ish.
Either just come clean. Or just say I've been running a fever and didn't think going and paying for a Dr visit was needed.
He is the best judge of his employment
YTA yeah bro you and your friends can stop smoking the hour or two he's at your house. I'd doubt for a second that a landlord would love yall smoking all day in their house. But here's the part where you tell me that he doesn't care. I say you're just trying to make yourself look better or you would have mentioned that originally
I'd eat it if you cleaned your stove top every once in a while.
Will anyone ever get busted outdoing Eugene Robinson's Miami adventures before the SB?
Just fucking with ya bro. But how many carrots do you need?
Oh you got broccoli stuffed in there. I'm eating that every time
Was a safety for the Falcons when we were playing the Broncos in the SB in Miami. He got busted with a prostitute the night before the game. If I remember correctly, he got caught in one of those sting operations.
You should be. Jimmy G seems like a dude who'd pay for some. And Kyle probably needs to pay for some just for being named Kyle.
Nice. Hang some of those ring things from each beam and let them swing like monkeys
That would remind me of the Bud Bowls they use to show during the SB's. I'd watch that shit.
Nah the county I grew up in also puts fluoride in. The county we live in now does not but my kids don't do it in school. Their pediatrician ask what county and then suggest fluoride pills or not based on which county they live in and or go to school in.
Other than it being a responsibility it is in no way similar to having kids.
I can only agree that yes it is irrational to get annoyed by this. Some people just don't want some runny ass eggs.
Correct and that is why my kids pediatrician recommends them to take a pill. I don't know exactly why my particular county doesn't but I'll do what our pediatrician suggest.
I feel sometimes when out at a bar drinking, I spend more time peeing than chilling.
I'm pretty sure 6:30 is when the national anthem starts. They use to give out the exact expected kickoff time. It always use to be a random time like 6:37. It will be before 7 though.
Yall should have gone "don't ask don't tell". There was just no need to share this information.
I've heard some work from home people do this to get out of this house for a bit.
I've gone home every time I've tried drinking at lunch. It always makes me want to keep the party going. The last time was my birthday earlier this month which has become tradition. Also the first day of March madness is another day I do this.
Geez WTF is wrong with yall? Surprised you didn't pull out your weighted blanket too. It's a damn phone call, chill bro.
I usually bought the little strainer thing and use my own coffee. Less time. Still get the coffee I like. [Although I switched to this when my keurig broke](https://www.amazon.com/BLACK-DECKER-Single-Coffeemaker-CM618/dp/B008YS1WXE). It was cheap, it has a strainer basket for my own coffee, makes a full 16oz travel cup, takes up less space than the keurig. I'm the only one in my house that drinks coffee so making one cup at a time is convenient and probably less wasteful.
[These are cheap and can get here before V-day. I'm sure she'll love them](https://www.amazon.com/Edible-Belgian-Chocolate-Naughty-Novelty/dp/B00PR33Y3U)
I'd say the only difference is never having to buy filters? Shit I don't know but I know in the past i've tried to make coffee only to realize I have no filters left.
[I know how much yall love to eat ass. Treat yo self for V-day](https://www.amazon.com/Edible-Belgian-Chocolate-Naughty-Novelty/dp/B00PR33Y3U)
They might be available in white chocolate
[Billie Joel Eilish](https://i.redd.it/yiuwmykccob31.jpg)
No I'm not irrationally scared in another persons presence.
Been hearing a rumor for the past year. Been hyped about it. Well yesterday I see it's not just a rumor and it's now official. You're boy getting a Hooters built about 2.5 miles away from my house. Just yesterday I noticed they put up the "Hooters coming soon" sign and I am beyond hyped. I'm a sucker for them greasy ass wings that I've been eating for about 30 years now. Also the wife and I like to go there to day drink and eat crab legs for a couple hours. Also FF draft will now have a closer location if done by then (hopefully).
I'll see if my wife will put that on my to-do list
No complaints. I do love other humans too so maybe that plays a part.
Lol stop hating. I'm 5'9", 140ish, 41 year old with a non-flexing seeable 6-pack. To me I'm just skinny, but I can see why some would be hating on that.
It's kind of hard for me to avoid. The first one was built here. My older brothers been taking me there since around age 10. Those greasy damn wings are delicious.
Man without details it seems all you’re taking in is your GF’s bitching and moaning about her mom which is typical at certain ages. For you to just dislike her for the venting of your GF seems not a fair chance to get to know moms. Maybe GF just vents a lot. I don’t know maybe try not to judge before you get to know her. If she’s willing to want her in her life then try to see it for yourself.
Due to lack of details, all I get out of this is you think of yourself as better than them. That’s never a good thing.
Hmm I guess the last time, when my father passed, I was out in the garage. She was leaving me alone, because that’s what I wanted, I yelled inside and said babe come here. I said just hold me as I play this song and then I just started explaining it to her and just needed the extra comfort of her holding me. That worked for me, I just needed a platform to lay it out to and just be held.
About 2 years ago when my dad died. Cried even harder trying to explain it to my at the 6 &amp; 3 year old.
Typically crab legs when we go to the beach for our anniversary. I cheat sometimes and get them at Hooters tho.
It’s weird because childfree folk would have you believe, me a parent is broke af, but I got enough money for a playroom with a TV so I watch whatever the hell I want on the main tv. Even have a pool with a TV out there to watch whatever. I don’t even like TV but could if I wanted to.
Yup it’s like they haven’t heard of bed times. I get bored my 3 hours awake alone after the kids are sleeping because I’m just not into shows/tv but can’t sleep that early lol.
Lol nah, just a two dude office. That’s it. Just a real small business.
I've never heard anyone call their SO "baby". Babe (like Babe Ruth) ? Yes but that's completely different. Wife and I call each other babe all the time, so much our kids think it's funny to yell out "hey babe can you get me a drink".
Amazon started collecting sales tax on sales back in 2017.
Whew thats sketchy. I would have said hell no. Next thing you know, he's not picking it up and you'll get an invoice in the mail, is what i would assume.
It's gonna be HHHUUUUUUGE Tampa. Kia dealer who I've heard also sells out of NY too.
Other than traffic back up this morning, caused by a wreck in the northbound lanes and I'm going southbound (which makes no damn sense), I'm doing awesome.
I like the fact that usually the totally average looking girl gets about 500 comments from thirsty dudes thinking this is their chance.
NTA I guess because it's your child. I mean I definitely wouldn't go that far. I'd say you're out of your damn mind if you think you will be able to resist giving your baby a kiss tho lol.
YTA to yourself. You're gonna be a lonely dude just dumping everyone who has showed you no reason.
There's many but just the other day his daycare told me about this. Some kid: nobody loves me My son: (turned to him) well your mommy loves you He's such a sweetie lol. I do hope that kid doesn't actually believe that. Teacher didn't mention what was up with that.
AH my bad I read that wrong. My second point still stands. You don't like kids, cool.
It's gonna get locked when certain people brigade it with questions about that police encounter a couple years back, isn't it?
Sweet I figured
And why are bread and butter pickles the best pickle?
Then start drinking coffee at 9 so you'll take a dump at 9:02am while not in class?
Hi guyz 21F here. A little about me. I'm a fur baby mom, and have a bumper sticker on my Subaru that says "my kids have paws". Hopefully me being a Cancer, yeah thats right I'm stubborn, cancels out my nasty habit of smoking cigs, but I do blaze it every day at 4:20 and that helps with cancer anyways. I still live at home, I can't work due to extreme anxiety, but my daddy spoils me anyways. I'm looking for a dude to spoil me and he can be my sugar daddy. Anyways, that's enough of me, I'm totally awkward and random so it just slipped out. I'm excited to talk football.
Swipe right if you think you can be the joker to my harley quinn. I do accept venmo @furbabymamma21 if you're looking for a lady to spoil.
Do you think kids with anti-vaxx moms get confused she installs antivirus on their computer but not them?
How long before the "DAE watch the puppy bowl instead of the SB halftime?" comments?
&gt; It’s a crazy concept dude It damn sure seems like it. I've never been on a dating app, from what I see on here it seems like a mess lol. I want no part of that shit.
Good work. It's gone up 11 points since I first saw your comment.
Acid was my drug of choice and being in public was my favorite. Personal favorite was daytime at this beach bar during spring break.
You got a product you wanna call out and call "Bullshit" on? I do. Weed block. I'm talking the roll of stuff you lay down, say under a walkway filled with rocks, so weeds don't grow. They sell a 15 years guarantee no weeds, or for a little more money 30 years guaranteed no weeds. Me last June = fucking sweet lemme get that 30 year shit, it'll only be about $70, sounds awesome to me. I'm calling BULLSHIT on the fact that I need to spray with weed killer every couple weeks and pull said weeds out every couple weeks. I think on technicality, yeah maybe that shit works because it doesn't grow through it, but dirt will always settle on top of it and weeds grow anyway. So BULLSHIT and my back hurts today from pulling weeds out for a few hours last night.
Lol damn live and learn to not make that mistake again. Thanks man, can't wait until swimming season is back.
I can’t get enough of the new Pearl Jam single. The most hyped I’ve felt from their singles in the last few albums. Just sitting in the garage with it on repeat, having a beer or 6, whilst keeping an eye on my kids running around outside. I’m feeling it
Kinda get it. My HP laptop is 2009ish. Never use it until Sunday to stream Falcons to my tv. But yeah, if you use it like he does scotch, makes no sense lol
Yes, well came out about a week ago. Called Dance Of The Clairvoyants. Got some 80’s Talking Heads type vibe to it. I’m loving it.
True. The album comes out on 3/27. I’m so hyped lol
Dude was so good
They are bro. Since 92 and going strong. Father Time is catching up, but they still doing it.
How much you paying?
I saw him many times live during the NFC central days vs the Bucs. My little league team (local falcons hence my falcons fandom) sold programs during Bucs games until 1st quarter and then we had a free seat. I remember him, Jerry Ball’s (DT) big ass for Detroit lol, Brett Fabre and Sterling basically playing games with the Bucs, it’s how I became a big Barry Sanders fan. Good times man. Dude wrecked shit.
Aww fuck. Just about to go inside, but my wedding song came on an I’m gonna listen 4-5 time so I may as well crack another 3 beers.
What kind bro?
Lol bro I drive a 2005 car that was red but has turned pink. Fuck them. I could afford another but why? It runs fine. Although I’ll probably get a new car late next year since my oldest son will 10 and I can give to him when paid off. That said, my wife hates riding in my car due to looks. Meh I don’t care. I gave up years ago worrying what others thought.
A big one for us was to both sit down and go over how to handle certain situations to make sure we are on the same page or at least come to a compromise. Stuff like discipline, schooling, food, just everything you can think of. Her OBGYN should offer a parenting class. We did one with our first through my wifes OBGYN. It was only 2-3 days, couple hours a night. Think about daycare if you won't have someone to watch. A lot of daycares have waiting list or won't take them until a certain age. You don't want to miss that boat by waiting too long. Be chill for your wife. She might be a little off her rocker. It's gonna be fine.
How come these childfree people have the most shitty interactions with kids? I mean I have two kids and don't even see this shit as much. Hint I know why, it's because you make up BS stories on the internet to circlejerk with your people. Have fun making out with your pets during your lonely existence. We get lady, you don't like kids. Big fucking deal, but being childfree shouldn't be your complete personality.
My brother had Hawaii plates here in the states for a while. He was stationed there in the Army. I'm guessing the Army pays for that since they pay moving fees.
Can't say I have unless it's the same as line dancing. Yeah I've been drunk at a few country bars where people line dance.
I guess maybe some people who are on well water, I heard that can have a certain smell. I don't know of any public places that run on well though. Obviously there's some dirty places that don't clean like a lot of gas stations but even the nicer gas stations are usually pretty clean. In public, he might have been smelling a sprinkler system or somewhere using reclaimed water.
We have lakes. We have a few springs around too. They're cool. Just google Florida springs and the first link is "BEST 19 freshwater springs to visit in Florida"
It all depends on your working situation. If your just a standard worker and receive only a W2 then it's easy to just use the free online (turbotax, H&amp;R block) but if you can read it's also easy to do yourself in that situation. It can get a little trickier, lets say when your a contract employee receiving a 1099 and might be beneficial having an accountant to help.
Agreed, the damn drawers are right next to each other. Why go back for socks lol?
It should be nothing but 2004 Madden highlight reels.
Eat that shit. Celery is pretty standard with wings. Also allegedly it could get you laid: The first of these foods is celery, which naturally contains a male steroid hormone called androstenene. While widely regarded as “rabbit food,” eating celery supposedly causes your sweat glands to release the pheromone androstenol, which is often used in sprays and colognes as an aphrodisiac to attract women.
Ain't nothing wrong with 2 for 1 beers and an easy app. I am a sucker for Red Lobsters fried platter though. I legit get a craving for it from time to time.
Probably the right thing to do. It would have become nothing but assholes questioning his incident with police a while ago.
I made a comprehensive defense of Bud Light that’s currently sitting in auto filter on r/beer &amp; r/IPA's. Has 30+ clips of me day drinking in my pool and chugging beers like it's going out of style. Spent 6+ hours on it reading 177 pages of IPA fans defending their shitty beers and writing the whole thing. Spoiler: Bud Light is the best beer
Bummer, was really hoping for a duck with a walking cane.
Yeah I get it. I have no shame listening lol. So what he made a couple dollars off me when I bought his CD's 20 years ago.
Lol that kid is definitely hitting up Mcdonalds or something for breakfast during those periods. I know I did with my bros many days.
The first thing I did was walk straight to the backyard when looking at houses. After that I'd determine if it was worth looking at the rest. We were looking in those newer neighborhoods where the houses are damn near right on top of each other. It was hard to find backyards worth a shit but a few of them had it.
I like it. My neighbors are cool. We have all three levels of excellent schools within our neighborhood. We have a grocery store on site. Kids have plenty of other kids on the street to play with. They're building a restaurant/shopping center on site. I don't mind my neighbors be close next to me, I just needed some bark yard to play in. We lucked out and have a decent size that backs up to a land conservation (meaning it's protected and never be built on). Would it be cool to live in the middle of nowhere on some land? Of course. Less convenient though.
UPS &amp; FedEx you'd need to have an account. Or go to a UPS store, or FedEx store. USPS? Shit I've never tried their website. How about instead of trying for years, you just take your ass to the post office lol? Or if you have stamps to waste just slap a bunch on (more than you need) and let it fly. They have stamp/weight calculators. Just put extras just in case.
Lol damn kids. But um how a school gonna have a sub bus driver that doesn't know their route?
1 2 or 3 2 or 3 A
Woah math checks out on google. You put this in your calendar almost 20 years ago didn't you? Sunday December 31, 2000
Nice. I just use my works UPS account or their stamps lol. Fuck it, office cost.
San Diego must be where they all go. I remember my brother did a west coast road trip, starting in Sand Diego, when he got back here and then drove from there to his new base.
Yes diced raw onions sprinkled on top
One of my best bros is half black half korean. White girls loved him and his brothers lol. They do make some cute ass kids too.
Ok puff daddy
I bet every person named Scott has referred to themselves as "scotty 2 hotty" at some point in their life.
We've all seen the extended staple video.
I gots to go acrost the skreet an axe them where da libary is
Lol nope. I just googled it and there's a post on reddit from 11 years ago that says Douchebag voicemail, The Gregster. I haven't listened though.
I think the most common for a first car, if you get it right at 16, is from your parents or cheap used car bought by parents. My older brothers both got crappy $500 cars as their first, I got my moms old car. Yes some of the wealthier kids do get new cars. I could see, let's say a 22 year old who never had a car, just got a decent job getting a first car being brand new.
I think most of those are using the term "buying a first car" meaning in fact it could be a used car. It doesn't necessarily mean buying a brand new car, it could also include a used car.
&gt; I hope you all haven't been too heterosexual [You'd be really proud of Poon then](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/ew8i0f/thursday_talk_thread_yes_thats_the_thread_name/fg0ncwl/?context=3)
I use to wear my long johns (thermals) shirt under my T-shirt on the reg. Sometimes even the pants under shorts. We we’re cool AF in the 90’s
Does the video of the song Waterfalls by TLC count?
Nice. I did it the other day to my sons football practice. My wife “you really gonna leave the house like that?”
No issue with mine. We’re not in a crazy expensive one. I’ve heard from them once about 4 months after I moved in and I’ve been here 4 years. They asked that I pressure wash my driveway. It needed it, I wasn’t even mad. I enjoy doing upkeep of my house so it’s kind of easy to me. They did get this house a couple houses down to remove a van with 2 flat tires and a mattress leaning on it for months and I applaud that. Lol nobody wants to see that shit. They did suck when I was trying to get my pool we were gonna have built approved. Just took forever, slow responding, but eventually got it approved.
Oh true. Just party up in their lobby?
The best dumbest/funniest conspiracy is still the YouTube video “Did Back To The Future Movies Predict 9/11”. If you have 10 minutes I suggest you watch ASAP.
My bad, on my phone, just google that and it’ll come right up
If it went as you say then of course you're doing the right thing. But that seems a bit far fetched unless she's really just a shitty teacher. Sounds to me you got one side of the story from your kid. There's gotta be more to it. Still don't think a reprimand is necessary.
Hmm you know it does look a little blurry to me
A bunch of friends rented out the back room of this bar for me/us. Good times, we got drunk AF.
Yes usually multiple times a year. There's certain bands I will see any chance I can.
My close friends group that live here = we're in a group chat and pretty much text daily. Either just jokes. Set up some plans My close friends out of state = We call just about weekly to chat and see what's going on
Being surrounded by water here so I pretty much have the option for anything. I have lakes in my neighborhood to catch bass and other fresh water fish. Or I'm 20ish minutes away from salt water fishing. Of course it's easier/better fishing when you have a boat for saltwater. But there's good spots for good fishing without a boat. Fresh water - I usually go for bass on a lure. I set my kids up with a hook/bobber so they usually catch brimm/bluegill/catfish. Salt water - I really enjoy flats fishing trout/red/snook. I've gone on tarpon fishing trips (we have a tarpon season). Those are fun but tiring lol.
Yup was out on a date. Ended back at her house. She said let's go to my room and smoke. I hate smoking around other people (I only smoke when alone). But I did with her. Then the reasons I hate smoking around others set in and we just went to sleep on her bed. It makes me a little paranoid and I forget how to talk. There was no second date and I never saw her again.
You gotta bring ass to get ass - Ronnie Lott
She playing the "I'm trying to get this free and or discounted" game.
Ugh our industries biggest convention is all this weekend. It's the second time in the last 20 years that it's been on SB weekend and will be only the 2nd convention I've missed in the last 20 years. My boss knows what's up, he said he'll go make the rounds with our vendors and he's outta there.
Ugh she got what she wanted, free shit. Avoid at all cost lol.
On the side right next to the mayo
I won't be drinking during the SB. I mean, I'll probably have 8-10 prior to kickoff but won't be drinking during the game. I like to cut it off prior to 6pm to avoid hangovers. Team day drunk! No hangover!
Ouch that's gonna suck. My bro who lives in the next neighborhood asked if we should try to do something for the game. It's only 1.2 miles from my house, and I'm just like fuck that on a Sunday afternoon.
I love those damn things. I always get about 3-4 of them. They use to have a beef one but got rid of that. Although, it's weird some days they're packed with meat inside, some days they're damn near empty. I think they have some dude who just doesn't care when making them.
What kind of BS lounge is that?
Pearl Jam's newest single "Dance of the Clairvoyants"
I'm digging it. Real 80's vibe to it. But I like everything PJ so... Any song except track 10 on Third Eye Blind's newest album called Screamer
Oh then grab the biggest tumbler you got and go to town on that vodka.
Track 10 was deleted for me lol. I don't know how they put that song on there. All other tracks are good.
I have no idea. I've tried because I love Third Eye Blind and it can't even grow on me.
Let me get them digits bro
I just had to go to my companies website because I couldn't remember our phone number so I can make an online payment. We've only had the same number since 2009. That's how well my brain is working these days.
They're all going to the BBQ. Are you not?
Those people are lying
I had a lyrics revelation on the song We Didn’t Start The Fire just the other day. I guess I just never really paid attention to it, well more like I never here that song. It’s damn good and gave it a whole different meaning than what I remember as a teen. Teen me it was just a wacky catchy song, now it’s pretty woke.
I’d just like to give Goodie Mob their due respect. They were awesome. Knew Ceelo would have a long career, dude use to ride on their songs. His solo shit good too, @ me if you don’t think so.
I have to go Chiefs. We were 49ners bitch for way too long and I can’t forget that. Although I do like Shanny.
I sung the song “release” (Pearl Jam) to my dads dead body and when I walked out the funeral home I smiled for the first time in days since his death.
I came into this world high as a bird From second hand cocaine powder I know that sounds absurd
The bird is the word? Otherwise nah I haven’t
Friends
Thanks to grandma, who showed my kids that, I hear it way too often while they’re jumping around like idiots. Side note: WTF drugs was he on in that video? I may want some of that
