One of the most intense scenes was diluted by months of waiting thus ruining the extremely well acted, tense moments to the point of not even caring... You didn’t get this because you could just put on the next episode.
Quite possibly the most visited port for the US Navy while dickin around for a few mounts in the Persian Gulf... and needless to say we didn’t observe many of the rules like that.
[Obligatory](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lD_ag67tH3I)
Bout as much as I’d like some black colored screws for it... ffs.
True but it’s still way more lax than people realize... hell just the “sunset safaris” is literally 4x4’ing on some sand dunes then going to an outside camp at night to get shit faced and watch belly dancers. For tourists sure but the picture you paint would have that place razed to the ground in a heartbeat. And thanks for the well wishes, back at ya!
So was there little thrusters on each bomb to make they “drop” through space? That kinda threw me for a loop because they looked more like the we’re free falling...
Content this good deserves more time in the light! I laughed just as hard the second time.
If only w-cast could target players you targeted at first. x2 Northern Cross on Reta Meta would be awesome!
My home planet on that game, I instantly recognized it! ^^and ^^why ^^downvote ^^this?
There are definitely trade-offs I haven't thought of but I would still trade em in. I almost never target for heals and I don't have any LD trance folks yet but an easy workaround for that strat is using someone who doesn't have w-cast to activate the trance. (say with lifesiphon)
Would have to be a bait and switch to the point of not knowing it is set in the "cabin in the woods" universe until the end or something... that is so that you can recapture the nature of the WTF you got from the first movie.
Definitely, but they would have to keep themselves from even hinting at it or else it would be spoiled and I don't think Hollywood can hold their nut for that long.
tip from a long time photographer: [follow the rule of thirds](http://discovershareinspire.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/Seagul-Rule-of-Thirds.jpg) in that you want your subject (you in this case) to fall right on the points of intersection... bonus points if you got the fire pit right on the other side of the interesting points. so with the /gpose you just simply need to scroll to the right a little (eliminating some of the dead space on the left) and you got a great pic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcZzlPGnKdU
This information alone would be confusing yes but it is kinda understood that you are *also* looking at the banner as well, which gives you the full explanation... which is easily accessible.
Idk off the top of my head... is there anyone who has LM quick cast 3 who can use this? (JP future stuff included)
On a mobile... yeah I have no idea what it does just off the info provided but that’s when I switch to the actual app to get a better understanding to which it instantly clicks. So I see your point but it’s user generated so I would criticize to hard.
See the turtle of enormous girth!
I think this is the article that I saw https://sciencealert.com/graphene-paired-sheets-diamene-deformation-diamond-property
[And some branches](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/dreamworks/images/8/82/Die-Trolls-Branch.png/revision/latest?cb=20161104164629)
I got my 1991 Econoline 150 (351w, v8, 5.8L) at 44k miles for $4000 a few years back. This thing is barely over that in terms of age and engine but is miles behind (lol pun) in engine wear. HARD PASS. There are some great deals out there you just have to be patient.
I was in an accident similar to this, I was the driver and alone when I hydroplaned into the [back of a semi trailer just like this](https://www.centralnewyorkinjurylawyer.com/files/2016/01/tractor-trailer-back.jpg) I was going 70 mph and didn't even have a seatbelt on but the airbag deployed right as the top of my forehead of hit the windshield (only a little bruise) which of course saved my life. I wasn't knocked out but shaken... but once i came to the red taillights pictured was in the passenger seat barely even arms length from me (if anyone was in that seat they would have looked like dude here) and once the van was pulled out from the truck it was pretty much cut in half. My whole side was practically untouched, I could even open the driver door no problem... sometimes your just in the right place at the right time.
It can be, espically if it is over grass. This van only had two owners that were handicap and the second owner keep really good care of it (and had proof) even though it was hardely used. They are few and far between but those kinda vehicals will stick out and as long as you can go inspect them to verify that it isn't a rust buckt being held together with a macco paint job then you will find your diamond in the rough. GOOD LUCK!
yeah man, I don't ever hesitate with putting my seat belt on these days and most certainly don't fuck around when it's raining because of that.
scary how fast you can go from thinking about bullshit in your life you something like this... and Jesus, I take even one bar and I'm out lol... let alone while smoking, hope you managed to kick that habit of driving on that stuff.
jesus... that's vivid.
What pop-up top is that?
For this case... yeah dumb luck.
preach!
damn dat critical mass looks like it will put you in a coma. FUCK I need this shit to get to my sate already!!!
Well damn, this is a pleasant surprise, and of course its fucking great sounding. Amazing that this dude can keep so many different sounds separated, consistent, and unique for each band.
[Holy shit this dudes pipe is on a whole nother level!](https://i.imgur.com/Itw1QBl.jpg)
100 gem trash... the long night continues.
SQUEEZE THE BUTT, SQUEEZE THE LEGS!
we really need to come up with a better way to produce downforce...
It’s telling you to initiate the rule of three... ^pull ^^pull ^^^pull
I thought you were making a joke, idk why they are downvoting you... I was pointing out that pulling off a centered photo takes knowing a thing or two. (Or there is always by accident) And I was a US Navy photographer for 8 years and still do it freelance which has been over 15 years now total. You really shouldn’t assume...
My first and immediate thought... “who gives a flying fuck what this guy sticks his dick into?!?” Seriously, why do we really have to point that out?
Damn dena... wtf. You guys are slipping hard lately. Even with the “it’s another game” bullshit I still praised you guys as some of the best devs period, for any game. Your quick communications and eagerness to hand out in game currency when you fuck up is extremely welcome and almost unheard of in the gaming community (admittedly I don’t play many because they’re all clearly greasy fucks who i can’t stand to support, see pogo...) but you guys were never that way. But lately... it sucks that it’s your own actions causing that shift in thinking. Please don’t fuck this game up, and do you honestly think we will not catch ninja edits?!? For shame. I’m not mad, it is a game after all... just disappointed.
So is essentially shaving the car’s legs?
You can see the brief pause as he mentally giggled at himself.
So we will actually see the Kessel Run, interesting.
I saw one once... in Back to the Future.
Corporations stifle innovation for a bottom line... it’s plenty simple. Edit: why don’t you guys tell me if the wonderful things big pharma has done? Oh that’s right they can’t make money off of people who get better... so they keep innovation to a bare minimum and fuck off with the things that could actually heal you. I’m about to get my first tooth pulled from a botched root canal only to read a few days ago that they have had the tech that could *fucking regrow teeth* but never developed it because that would put dentist out of a job.
The Phantom Menace should have flipped the script and mainly focused on Darth Maul &amp; Darth Sidious (and definitely not remove Maul from the rest of the movies since he lived) Could have really blown people away by having the sith as the main focus and still included a young Anakin without all the cringe.
Im watching it as I write, only on season 3 tho. took me a while to get to it but hopefully it will scratch the maul itch lol.
Yes, you are ri... oh look shiny!
Seriously... where the fuck was that daughter (Roslin) in the line up that Robb was picking from that Edmure Tully ended up getting hitched to?!?
Are you really dumb enough to believe that those with power would give those without the power to remove them from said power? Keep on keepin on bro.
Oh the irony if he was found hanging...
See the movie “About Time,” where even the slightest deviation causes the protagonist to inadvertently lose his kids from a butterfly effect type thing. He winds up with other kids but nothing he can do will bring back the one he actually knew and raised (I too imagine it would be impossible, given the nature of sperm, to recreate a event that lead that one little guy to that one specific egg.) I have 5 kids and could imagine losing them to such a effect... I just love *who* they are so much. But if that was guaranteed not to happen... invest in bitcoin :)
I don't hate him like that nor wish it on him, just pointing out how ironic it would be.
Heaven help those if we ever get a means to have high/major retaliate without the need for Gregs USB.
With Cloud's w-combat it would be broken as hell to have easier access to it but at the same time, you are at best sacrificing one buff (RW) for the high ret anyways so I don't see why not. It is based on pulling not just clouds USB but several other gacha items to take full advantage anyways so the paywall his high for that set up.
I have been talking about Greg's USB (major) retaliate this whole time because it is classified as combat and thus each hit/retaliate has a chance to w-cast with Clouds LD...
Here, I made you a movie since OP's didn't show the procs from w-cast. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4Xe8Tkm4A4 You will see that I pulled off an x8 hit from one of Tyro's hits around 3:30 mark.
Yeah, it always gives me a warm fuzzy but I have been ditching that set up lately because it takes so damn long to get going and it only really works when you have some sweet realm synergy... which you don't get on mote dungeons and magicites.
I say it is a actual robot who’s gained some sorta sentience and decided to write music... hence the subject matter of being human to disguise itself.
And this right here is probably why... most art strives to show us the window through which the artist sees the world. This might be how the artist views the people of the world.
(NSFW death) but nothing remotely hard to watch. [guy tries the cross flooded road](https://imgur.com/F0zEDOK) I don’t even think that was 6 inches...
Their hopes and dreams.
Then you would be down right depressed to see how Navy sailors acts when we hit a port after being cooped up in a ship for a few months... not everyone of course but the worse ones were the loudest. And that’s after a lengthy all hands call where we are being told that we’re representatives of our country and to be on our best behavior.
where do I put my name on the list?
1% of the player base needs to whale... 1% to keep this shit show going. It will never happen. *edit: just to make sure I got that right I looked up a source and it looks like that % might be even smaller... like 0.2 % lol. Good luck trainers!*
finally started FF6 about a week ago, for the first time ever, (only that and the dreaded FF2 left until I have beat them all) and that theme has already got me wanting to skip scenes :(
No it isn’t bad, it’s just hard lol... i actually like the weapon skill system they got and I’m a bit of a completionist so that game will be a tough mountain to climb. Yeah the theme is sporadic but certainly has some ptsd associated :(
I don’t mind the updated graphics but I usually opt for the original like I did for FF6. For FF2 I have a copy for the PSP but I need to find a battery to get that thing working again, and I have the iOS copy since it was free through the FF app a while ago.
Oh I didn’t know that... and yes i really like that system. didn’t they just remake/rerelease one of those?
Literally about 2 hours from going to get my first tooth pulled because i didn’t take it seriously. Feelsbadman.
I was you... 1 year later I’m getting 8 cavities filled and literally about 2 hours from getting my first tooth removed because the tooth continued to rot even after the root canal was done. You time is running up... don’t be stupid.
Ugh... might have to find it elsewhere then. I always hyped at the idea of having so many classics in my pocket but not like this :(
He’s already been down the 2 chicks route... see “Knock Knock.”
Imagine how psycho he would go if everyone stop talking about him...
*two fooking thousand and nineteen...*
3 hours in and no ones correcting this guy?!? ^^it's ^^resident ^^evil edit: what the what... I apparently replied thinking he was commenting on the RE one \&gt;.&lt; oh well.
Really hope one of dem x5 hits can be used for Meta Reta!
That their whaling in video games is destroying the industry.
Enter Tim the Tool man Taylor... We can make it hold more weight AND go faster!
You just solved years worth of dead relatives peaking in on my weird faps dilemma. *those pervs*
She’s gone from suck... to blow!
&gt; all but name tho. That is **literally** the most important aspect because faceless men separate themselves entirely from who they once were, most importantly their name, which is why we get this last exchange... "A girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell, and I'm going home"
Back and forth forever.
I was more so thinking about 1 crystal for 10 orbs since I have a plethora of some like ice.
That's my line of thinking... it's a feature that was greatly received when it first came out so why not expand it.
Unless it is abilities from motes... plus we're not really sure what the new Nightmare dungeons will have in store for duplicates. (if at all)
y'all mother fuckers need evasive maneuvers.
How do ya like them apples?!
Still holding my breath on that remake for mobile, [it sure looked promising](http://bluediary03.up.n.seesaa.net/bluediary03/image/bandicam202017-03-082016-29-54-793.jpg) and if they made it a actual MMO than I could see dumping just as much time into it as I did the original (3 years) Hopefully they manage to keep it just as hard too.
certainly working the system.
Holy actual shit...
Thank you for the well thought out response, I wasn't aware that they were on record saying the never intend to implement 5 to 6 or vice versa. I have been around for almost as long as you and haven't missed a reward for anything, ever, so i am not starving for 6* crystals. I would actually like to go the other way since we have such a massive amount of 5* abilities that have a wonky orb distribution. Like my Ice and Dark orb stash is pretty much nonexistent and I wouldn't be too quick to convert my dark crystals but certainly so of my ice crystals which is around 115. I'm pretty well aware of the balance always being maintained and how important it is to the game (not burning people out to quick and not making us feel bored and want to move to another game) so that's why I included the *should it even happen* at the top. But again thanks for the response!
I was not aware of this, thanks for pointing it out \^_^
After all the conversations this seems to be the best answer, to not make it 1:10 but something much smaller.
For anyone that doesn’t know... he was pretty much as close as he could get to the safe zone, which makes t much worse.
Google “rhys millen gto” and learn something today, He’s rocking the LS1 (350hp) the car came with.
Really need someone to come up with a reasonable travel time because it just doesn’t seem possible for him to get that far south and back.
I blame the parents who probably bought him all that shit...
Him leaving after AOW is the only thing that seems possible.
And as someone who isn’t a math person (artist) going back to college, *not* using a calculator whenever possible is only inviting more room for error. I would assume that any person doing serious math for a actual job would double and triple check with all manner of devices and not just do that shit off the top of his head, especially when it is for something like a part that if failed, could cause hard to someone. Not only that but he would have all manner of mathmagical equations written down in front of him and not memorized... and even if he did have em memorized he would look em up just to be sure... IM LOOKING AT YOU MATH FINAL!! I CAN NEVER MEMORIZE THAT MANY BULLSHIT EQUATIONS!
Lol didn’t expect my answer to be first, damn nephew accidentally saved over my game when I was about halfway through, as well as having complete a absurd amount of side quest and maxed out crafting... I never found the motivation to start again since the disc was lost until about a week ago which is also when I fixed my broken ps3, so the time might be nigh...
I’m sorry but I have never, ever, experienced this sudden shut off and I have only EVER owned older model iPhones. I had the 3 for years up till the last series of the 5 was made then switched to the normal 5 around the time 6 was released... the I got a 6 after it had been out for a while but they broke so easy that I went back to a 5 which is what I’m using now... and not once this shut down bullshit. I 100% believe that is made up bullshit that might have happen to a few folks but is just a shitty “oh we’re caught” excuse they had in their back pocket when the time came. They slowed the phones down with no other purpose than to get people to by new phones.
You’re more so talking about order of operations in which a calculator is unless in telling you what to do next. Or equations used in certain circumstances which is made easier with a calculator but certainly wouldn’t tell you which equation to use when. So I agree with you to a point but there is no reasonable hypothetical that wouldn’t have a calculator sitting next to you.
I like the idea of getting a rough estimate in you head... you can see pretty quirky if a number is way off, and double checking in your head is clearly way faster. But it seems like you still use whatever device to help you get to the original answer which is what I expected. The point OP was trying to make pokes fun at the hypothetical us jokers always used to ask but to go further into seriousness folks who do this for a living DO always have these devices next to them, which is why we should always be allowed to have em too. For test purposes that is, I can agree on teachers forcing students to do things without a calculator up for assignments and quizzes to understand better but give em real word for a test.
[the hidden image](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/78/Salt_shaker_on_white_background.jpg/220px-Salt_shaker_on_white_background.jpg)
BRAVO! 👏👏👏 ENCORE!!!
it's over 9000!
Going out with a bang! man it hurts just to look. Best wishes!
In the video linked Norm say $450.05
Never got to play this series and felt like I missed its prime (with pvp and all) Definitely picking it up this time!
Is it me or have a lot of the events been running much longer than usual?
Saving him at this point will seem like back-pedaling bullshit due to the outrage. These writers already have no fucking idea what to do with GREAT CONTENT THAT HAS ALREADY BEEN WRITTEN so for them go “jk he’s immune” will only put their incompetence on display.
Man they would really be going off the rails if they were to introduce “the cure.”
That’s pretty much the end of any zombie apocalypse story. Normal rebuilding of society can take place from there in out.
Yeah but the constant looming threat will always be there without a cure, which could prevent the world from tipping over the scale of nomad society to normal society. With a cure you would still have zombies around but they would all slowly be killed for the very purpose of preventing the threat ever again, paving the way for normal growth... which I don’t think would be to interesting to watch. On a side note a cured, rebuilt world kinda reminds me of a scenario in “the return of the living dead” where some jackass locks up a zombie in a barrel only to be unleashed once again because people don’t believe in them anymore and think it’s a myth.
I saw the duck...
the only solution is to git gud with the sewing machine!
When did they say he was out? That really does mean they are just gonna do what ever they want...
Oh ok, yeah still seems inevitable that he’s gonna bounce, their already murdering his storyline... which now seems they are doing it on purpose only because of the money issues.
The problem is people always hiding that they are sick, having some sorta agenda that they lose control of or just die without telling anyone and come back... even in a perfectly safe camp the threat still exists when someone passes for things to quickly get out of control. I see your point and in our world it would probably still be easily manageable since people make decision (more often than not) that makes sense but in TWD universe it has happened time and time again.
Taxes, HUGE difference in taxes... like in the thousands vs hundreds.
So the less confrontational version of “say that again, I dare ya!”
u/awildsketchappeared ???
Sell more flip-flops of course.
I was on one of those missions as a photographer, “Continuing Promise” 2008 was one of the best deployments of my service, among the many places we stopped Haiti was one after hurricane Ike hit em and put Port-au-Prince underwater. It’s crazy to think that one of those kids standing in the crowd of hungry, thirsty, and desperate people was holding his head high and saying to himself “imma do *that* job one day.” [I knew shit was serious when the first village we got to greeted us like this.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/US_Navy_080918-N-8907D-002_Personnel_embarked_aboard_the_amphibious_assault_ship_USS_Kearsarge_%28LHD_3%29_are_cheered_by_Haitian_civilians_during_a_hurricane_recovery_mission.jpg)
I *hate* you ^^^grats
Yeah, with the fate of the entire human race at steak... I wouldn’t want to have it boil down to failure just because someone didn’t foresee “I’d rather have it and not need it then need it and not have it.”
I enjoyed the hard line, colorless stone with such a organic, warm flow light reflecting on it. Really highlights the duality of Wallace.
Pack duct tape to rip it off!
He was ready to pull it... dude stepped over the line!
with the 4* magicites around the corner, you would really let all those Arcana's go to waste?
Some quality "best of" material right here...
I was more so thinking because he can put the kids up in the front pods completely removing the noise of their constant nagging.
Honestly, for global, the weakest link seems to be Cloud, at least for me... Everyone on my meta-reta team is full dived. I use zack's (instant) CSB then wail away with Northern Cross (x4) Shelke for the (instant) entrust or (instant) RW cast if in a mote/jump start battle then powerchain for the attack (insta x2) Lightning uses her (instant) USB so she can burn through thundering quadstrike (x4) Tyro is the only one who I don't have insta-LM (pulled hard for that damn hat) so he has TGC rm on and he provides the haste (fantasy unbound) then hits cloud with reaping scythe (x4) So at this point, Cloud is so damn slow that I usually put in gogo's rm3 which gives retaliate so that all I have to do is cast USB then omega drive which I only usually get one shot off before whatever is dead. Improvements could be had with some new LM's and some other x4 hit for Shelke but i don't think replacing a x4 with a x5 would do that much... Cloud's speed (if you don't have a party wide insta cast like Noctis SSB) is really the weak spot atm which, unless it was an insta-LM then your right, not much more room for improvment.
Dervish doesn’t work for Retaliate :( Zacks only 4 hit option is Northern Cross
yeah but i totally don't have that :(
I got my dream cat awhile back, a F2 savannah who I named Hobbs who was amazingly playful and huge but he died because of a blockage in his urethra... in my arms no less, really hurt. So my wife gets me Hobbs’ sister but she wants nothing to do with anyone and lives in my garage. I still pamper her as much as i can with warm bed set ups (since it’s winter) and try to call to her, some days she seems really interested... I really hope she will come around one day and not end up dying without ever knowing how much we want her to chill. Edit: [a pic of the Hobbs with my daughter...](https://imgur.com/a/6qZ4L) she was 1 at the time and he was about 1 1/2... he still had so much growing to do
They told us after the fact it would’ve been crazy expensive to keep the cat alive... shitty situation no matter which way you look at it
The success from White Christmas practically forced the suites to think "yeah more of that" when they didn't realize that the episode's success was all the fucked up twist and turns that happened in such a short span. Dude walking out at the end essentially [blacklisted from everyone](#spoiler) actually hit me hardest than most of the jacked up shit in that episode... and that had nothing to do with the cookies.
It recalled that totally unethical experiment they did on 40 babies who received no affection at all, only their basic needs taken care of and I think after like 4 months half of em died and even two more after they were taken out of the experiment. I wonder how long that guy (in the show) lasted because I don't see a single person surviving (as in commit suicide) that special kinda hell.
[who you callin' nerd?](https://www.space.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/davidprowse.jpg)
Not really sure how someone being interrogated for a crime is comparable to someones punishment for a totally different crime? Maybe you just mean to say that the punishment (especially for helping them get a confession) is insanely harsh? Which would be a clear violation of "cruel and unusual" punishment.
Yeah they would HAVE to put some sorta stipulation on the block... I didn't think as deeply as you did and now it's even more terrifying. Like you can't interact with folks directly and if you interact with someone indirectly then there will be some kinda warning about your status I guess. It really highlights (in a extream way) the isolation felons feel after getting out.
O thanks for that, because even the thought that someone can just sit there and watch babies die like that makes me sick. (father of 5 so you see) Feral kids do contradict this as the top post suggest but the point still remains that it would do some serious damage to a persons psyche as others have stated... now how that would affect a grown man (since this mostly deals with developing brains) is whats up for debate.
I would (hopefully) imagine that people have full control of this "service" implanted in their heads... like you could unblock anyone you want.
I was very vague, I didn't spoil anything.
ok geez ill do it lol...
yeah, that's really my only beef with the new season... they need to be brave enough to push those unique stories that are not really sure whether or not people will like. They were all good regardless, except that B&amp;W one... it was terrible. we don't need some avant-garde depiction of robots hunting us down... that's so 1980s :P
Couch. In. Under. Around. Pick one.
I usually go with ramzas USB when I can pick a RW but I guess that’s is the other weak point, the forced rw choice on motes and torments.
I cannot even fathom the reasons why... money certainly cant be one of them because I don't see the player base, or if you wanna be up front, the whales (OP case in point) reacting to this treatment in any sorta positive (money spending) way. People always tell me, calm down, it's a game... and honestly, my life would go on and I would forget about FFRK but the time &amp; money investment is what I'm really upset about. But back to the point, you know who it isn't a game too? DENA! it's literally their fucking jobs, no their careers and they suck ass at it and if there is anyone in this world who should take it more serious than us it's them.
...and how well is that working out for Star Wars and EA? our concerns will not null and void a contract... might help prevent it from getting renewed but that only seems like it would kill Global, not give us better leadership.
um... y'all rang?
I actually just saw this episode for the first time... as well as the whole series (took me a while to get around to it) and this whole fight played out exactly like dual of the fates on TPM... Maul looked on helplessly as ol' Palp slain his brother with the damn near exact same move he got Qui-Gon with as Obi looked on. It was amazing!
Isn’t “thousands” = 2000+? As in like more than 1?
In the military, once you start being in charge of some folks they always tell you to to find a positive about someone when you are reprimanding them, and to end on a positive note. But as much as Dena wants to say “it’s a different game,” it isn’t. They are copying someone else’s work and slapping some English on it. And in regards to that one job, they are dropping the ball constantly and are not even sorry about it anymore (or some suite high up said stop giving out apology mythril) I’m not in the Navy anymore but I do have 5 kids so I am still VERY practiced at this “find some kinda good to balance out the bad” idea (because it works really well for kids) and I am really struggling to find and good areas Dena excels in... I always used to say “they seem to care about the fuck ups and make up for it,” but again that well has dried up and no more apologies for us. So yes, the call centers and support folks don’t deserve the negativity but at the same time the higher ups will never hear us if we don’t get loud... and support folks knew what the job entailed, they don’t make (translate) the game so they shouldn’t take the negativity personal. That is also to say that we here shouldn’t aim the negativity directly at the support folks.
Geez... idk why but that made my legs sweat.
There’s still another movie yet to be seen you know...
What if his death *is* setting the scene... just seems like people have a whole lotta assumptions flying around without knowing the full story.
when you'd rather buy a new urban assault vehicle than change 1 tire...
Sure, and they could have Atrax actually talk (as he does in the book) as he is sinking to his death... to really drive home that mentally scarring scene. Apparently the author of the book hated the movie and said that they completely missed the point of the book, so a remake could be in order.
And yet us veterans who gave to the United States above and beyond what these fucks have get table scraps... don’t forget their retirement pay!
This is a tough subject because of the nature of these types of games. While you are absolutely correct in your points I have to also point out that it only takes like 1% of the community (the whales) to keep them profitable... look up the statistics for gacha games because it's really depressing to see how little the common player can "speak" with his wallet. Sometimes that percentage is in the 0.1~0.9 range... so there is no way possible for most of the folks here to protest by not pulling and have them take action while simultaneously missing out on being able to complete some builds.
There was 2 troopers who had them when Ashoka was imprisoned, the ones guarding the exit when Anakin went to check on her.
&gt; Elemental Resist from Armor/Accessories don't stack actually. The game only picks the highest Value. well damn that sucks... glad I know now because i was always trying to stack those up \&gt;.&lt; seems like a terrible oversight.
She was one of the first that I fully LD'ed because that BSB was very useful and I had no other healers that came close. I wasn't thrilled about the LM selection but the stat boost alone was worth it. She was a staple on my first magicite runs and only was replaced once I got Y'sh BSB. (and eventual LD) I really didn't even put the pieces together about how good her LM2 is and now that I do I really wish it could be stacked since technically it should, based on the games stacking formula.
oh shit, shame it took me so long to get in this thread but I am pretty sure I helped strip houses in that parish. I was in the Navy at the time and we sent a small volunteer group down to help. We stayed at a nearby elementary school that was totally destroyed. That was the time where I smelt the most intense, horrible smell I have ever smelled. It was a fridge tipped on its side with the doors facing up so everything that was in the fridge when the family left was still in there... mixed with the stormwater and oil from the nearby refinery... and sat for about 9 months. We tried to duct tape it shut when we went to move it but the seals on the fridge were blown so this greenish-black muck spilt out and it smelt so fucking bad... I have a pretty strong stomach and this smell (the only one that ever has) made me actually gag, uncontrollably as we dragged it out back (patio doors were the only one big enough to get it outside) then drag it to the curb. Yeaah that place was certainly fucked, there was a damn shrimpin boat in the middle of the neighboorhood we were in and you could see the oil lines on houses from when the refinery ruptured. I had a disposable camera that i brought with me but never developed... wish i had.
They have way more drugs to tackle than just weed... if they can’t figure out how to spend their time unless it’s hunting down non violent hippies than they *should* find a new job. I mean FFS just the opioid crisis alone should warrant their full time and effort but big bad pharm will not let them cut their bottom line... God forbid we take out the real drug dealers that are destroying our country for $$$.
Back and forth Forever.
that's what I was thinking... even the slightest breeze would make it stick out like a sore thumb.
Another satisfied Comcast customer.
It is never on and I just check and these sneaky fuckers (apple) must put it on auto on during some update.... now auto off!
Which is a system so prevalent in most FF games... it should have been a no brained to include it.
it should *angry face*
Never forget the pancake I got in navy boot camp one morning... was so stale that I whipped out my ricky pen and wrote “you should not be able to write on this,” perfectly legible, then left it in the center of the table.
And yet you still have that damn van behind it...
Are you in my mind?!? I just watched the first one the other night and was just thinking this. IT NEEDS TO BE TREASURE UNDERWATER BECAUSE HE WAS A NAVY ~~SEAL~~ DIVER!
Pull the car a bit forward and get the same angle and you will not see the van anymore... or wait for him to leave? Looks like a door is open which is even more distracting. The background is great it’s just the van kills it because it doesn’t have the same depth of field as the buildings. It’s like a kid walked into the shot picking his nose in a otherwise great picture.
yeah, my sub 30 teams are getting their ass handed to them... I haven't even got one below 50% yet. Swapped for double healing and still its like punching a brick wall :(
Wait... did he pull a gun outta the cash drawer? If so that's fucked, guy definitely tried to reason with him before things escalated.
could you post your set up? does your zack have BSB? what does tyro do?
His RES is about 11k higher than his DEF... I have thrown both at him but I'm getting nowhere.
dang, I missing tyro's real USB (i could fall back on Fantasy Abound if i needed just the haste) but i'm also missing Ysh SSB which seems a bit important for mitigation. I have faris' USB for imperil and zack is fully dived (with the csb) so i can get wall up right away... seems like i don't have enough though, haven't even got this bitch down past 50%
I honestly can’t think of any pro-shells that I might have, I do have Sazh’s USB Gifted Pilot (mag/def/res/haste/astra) and alph’s and fujin’s BSB so I might have to go the magic route.
Hmmm I see your point. Will try it out! How did you use clouds USB and BSB?
Well that was a good first run... https://imgur.com/gallery/InAFr Got some shit rng with a slow on Faris... I think I got this.
I think that was the problem, pulled the trigger to fast, and I had sazh entrusting every other sb bar to cloud.
[uhhhh](https://imgur.com/gallery/tTc9cKQ)
The cloak? Yeah that looks convenient. Karma vibes your way!!!
Read as “anal compilations” and though “not to bad.”
&gt; Remember what a badass Greivous was when he first showed up in the Clone Wars cartoon and murdered all those Jedi? people ABSOLUTELY NEED to see this if you haven't... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5t8A0NUCrI
tbf this was spost to be right when they first found out about General Greivous so they were kinda caught off guard, that and shaggy jedi was shaken hard by greivous and probably got everyone else shook.
&gt; Jedi Sha'a Gi HA! no shit... I didn't know that was his real name which is an obvious call to scoob and shaggy, i just always called him that.
What's crazy is I remember a long time ago that it was being reported that big oil was buying up all the renewable tech so that they could maintain their grasp (and bottom line) just a little bit longer... if that is true then this is just hilarious in how out of touch these guys are with what is right and they clearly only care about $$$ and could care less about fucking this planet up.
did you watch the whole thing? the bit after yoda... that looks like a easter egg to this scene https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZ-EOg38t1o
And where you think the inspiration came from? Y’all shittin hard on a show that won multiple Emmys...
Doesn’t take to long to watch em all... pretty sure they are still on YouTube.
Yes, this is usually my second most linked video from the series.
I don’t remember who or when but someone force crushed his abdomen which is what caused that cough and made him weaker. Edit: nvm found it pretty quick... idk if it’s considered canon though. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=j1UPccudqmU
yeah, same... I can only equip it on someone who has some earth resist armor.
If there was one thing I could wish... it would be having most of this story mapped out from the get go. George got extremely lucky that people wanted to know more and even more lucky that he hinted at just enough in the OT to continue building the world but sure as fuck dropped the ball on triple checking all the shit he was creating all flowing together perfectly. Damn near everything that worked for the universe happened on accident or happenstance like turning Luke’s saber green in RotJ because his old blue one didn’t work well against the clear blue sky during the Tatooine scenes. BOOM💥 they just accidentally gave birth to a whole new arc of building sabers, different colors and the crystals within them.
Critics have no idea wtf they are talking about... not only ready for the sequel but also [the events that happen 2000 years ago about the farmer orc and all that jazz since it will be in the more traditional fantasy setting... and fucking dragons.](#spoiler)
When is the next time global gets spellblade motes?
Thanks!
We never left that dark place... shit like this is still happening all over the world, hell probably even as I type this. Maybe not on the same scale but with the same terrible intent.
Beat him a few days ago... Set up wasn’t rng dependent... Can’t even remotely manage it again. Plz stop midgardsormr.
Northern Cross has it figured out. It hides everything but it all is still there and still clickable. It is the perfect template/example.
Technology already has enslaved people...
Lived in PG county but worked at the Anacostia Base and frequented the city often (Navy photographer) and I was always shocked at the sheer amount of homeless practically living on the White House door step... always though if my boss (at the time) couldn’t even fix homelessness in his own town then wtf can he fix in our whole country?
If tyro (of anyone with a extend buff LM) uses the RW does it extend that stat buff duration as well or only native SBs they cast?
thank you ^_^
Man so many people I ask and none can... you can feel that pop shoot up your legs into your back sometimes. It’s the best!!!
Yeah but George was fronting that cost??? So with a investor coving most of the cost, how could it being expensive contribute to a reason for cancelation??? I mean the animation compared to many things out there now a days is amazing, you can see where the money went, I.e. production value. Sure it got really dark really fast and Disney might not have wanted that but STAR WARS IS SPOST TO BE DARK!!! do we forget bbq aunt and uncle ON SCREEN?! Just a shame because it was a perfect outlet for George to clear some things up like midichlorians which he had conceived from the start back in the 70s... I’m just glad he got to hit in that a little bit.
what is worse is this is pretty much canon in all final fantasy games. [if you look at the image results of "final fantasy hidden passage"](https://www.google.com/search?q=final+fantasy+hidden+passage&amp;newwindow=1&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj5krD4yv3YAhVNtVMKHS4HDqoQ_AUICygC&amp;biw=1590&amp;bih=1112) you literally get images of what this guy was doing, floating in blackness. If only they could incorporate hidden passages and rewards (reasonable items or insane million gil prizes whatever) set by the homeowner then people would actually explore the housing areas like they did in EVERY SINGLE FINAL FANTASY GAME EVER.
NOW YOU FUCKED UP!
This is my hole, it was made for me!
[I would have went with this one](https://d2qf25b0wy4hy2.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Millennium-Falcon-coffee-table.jpg) but the new set.
used lots of resources to sub 30 Ixion... * dove Maria * R1 -&gt; R3 stitch of time * popped the quick hit cherry after 3 years of playing and only had enough to R2 it. * bought a dream pull for Rinoa's SSB Only other 4* I have tried is Midgardsormr but I didn't use to much for him. (1:05 clear time)
To be honest, if you watch the clone wars show you will see the common theme of him getting pissed off that they are not going far enough to end the war, that every time they are right on the brink of ending a battle for good they are forced to back off only prolonging the fighting. It is hit on over and over that it is ridiculous and extremely ineffective to use peace-keepers as generals and once Anakin snaps he swiftly carries out when he's been holding back that whole time, killing literally everyone and everything remotely connected to the war. I think this should have been the main focus for him turning and not strictly on saving Padme because dude has been at war and killing (fucking killing non stop because that's totally the Jedi way) for years now and he just wants it to end. So in that regard fuck all the separatists and fuck all the jedi, they all needed to be purged.
insha'Allah
check this FULL breakdown of everything he kills in what is considered canon, he isn't Vader till about 11:30 in... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QH4ukE8-Ogk he most certainly kills several living beings.
Dude WTF are you blind? https://youtu.be/QH4ukE8-Ogk?t=337 this is literally a "person" getting killed if you wanna be the guy who says sand people are animals... https://youtu.be/QH4ukE8-Ogk?t=388 entire battle is against the Quarren on Mon Cala https://youtu.be/QH4ukE8-Ogk?t=457 with another species i can't identify Even still, if your a movie person only then have to be willfully ignorant to ignore all the geonosian, sand people INCLUDING the women and children! He trampled constantly on the living force while simultaneously being forced to uphold it... the hypocrisy is mind-numbing and it shows when he flips out.
90% what we saw yeah but they did show him killing plenty of living, thinking things so it is reasonable to assume that he did a whole lot more off camera since it was a war and all.
Damn, that one hit me somewhere deep.
I would say the war on drugs certainly gave the stuck-ups something to grab back onto. “Public enemy number one” from Nixon in 1971... smoke and mirrors.
Incredibly interesting. The book of revelations always seemed a bit different (pacing and tone) and geared towards something more specific but I could never put my finger on it. What you have written could very well be what I had in the back of my head. Like when two people you know are talking in code and you’re just sitting there knowing they mean something else but don’t know exactly what.
Veteran navy shellback here, unless you personally ask King Neptune to purge you of your slimy wogness then you are no shellback.
It’s like the foundation and birthplace of the traditional style.
Nowadays no male can wear earrings in the US Navy unless you were on a ship that sunk. Then you can wear IIRC, a gold earring in your right ear. ... looking through new regs on the web though, I do t see anything about it anymore.
I believe it had to be during battle so yeah a military vessel. It’s a real old school tradition.
What in the actually fuck... thanks man.
That would be the end result for sure. After years of perfecting the practice.
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/gqw7F3b
Fuck you for ruining this amc...
https://giphy.com/gifs/bruce-soup-almighty-kfQRyUQnE63PG
Calvary, kinda want to see a big event that goes down there.
You realize that with him getting honorable that opens up a butt load of benefits he was currently locked out of? Not only that but it wouldn’t be very hard to get at least 50% if not 100% disablity after a few test and screening from all of these well documented, service related incidents. Back pay that for 29 years...
I know, back pay from disability that this guy more than qualifies for... Plus, If he never received anything in the first place I would beat you that it would default to when he was discharged. My wife went though this process. She was getting roughly 70\-80&amp;#37; since she got out but the full 100&amp;#37; had a lot of benefits that go with it. Anyways, took her 4 years to get to 100&amp;#37; and the back pay \(the remaining 20&amp;#37;ish\) tallied from when she was discharged. I was also in for 8 years and could file but i just hate paperwork and i never had any service related injuries documented because i never got anything that bad. I would get 10&amp;#37; at best XD
I guess if they cut straight to and don’t show anything of what, why, or how he got there. And since they show the same model saber that rebels used then they are kinda acknowledging the storyline. I don’t think a speaking line would be necessary... but a quick shot of him walking away and maybe a silhouetted figure that someone who knows can make out as Ezra would be ok.
What about electric vehicles? 250 or so miles on a charge with panels you can rig to charge and bring with.
I’d always imagine a virus somehow slowing or even prevent decomposition.
Starting to realize the obsession with not being seen in wrestling... I wonder what the locker rooms are like?
Idk man... taking it with a grain of salt, https://www.engadget.com/2018/04/16/tesla-battery-packs-live-longer/ Seems like snagging a Tesla would be a solid option. This is the apocalypse after all so there will be lots if shit just laying around. Once things calm down and it sorta safe to go out you could find a dealership, store a couple of these (how long can one sit if you don’t use it but only starting it every so often?) You could take your sweet new fleet (I’m a father if 5 so my crew alone could handle 7 of em) and go find a solar farm... I just don’t think your thinking outside the box ;) 7 cars with *at least* 500k and a solar farm to charge em means your range for scavenging is pretty massive. And whatever transportation issues you would have are solved. And consider that this tech is frowning exponentially... in just a few years it will be *very* sustainable.
No of course not... you would definitely need to live there for a while even if to figure out how to get the damn thing operating lol. Only real hope would have picking up some literature at a library or something talking about how to do it.
Quindarious Gooch.
Considering that right at the end he is already on his way to tatooine as well. How long after the movie ends is it spost to be when ANH picks up?
Ahhhh the one that got away...
Steep because of LEGO, not Star Wars.
Why so little miles?
The catch all used to be weed. *I smell weed* used to be all they needed to trample your rights. It was literally designed that way, as a means of control and ostracism with hippies and blacks. Seems like that excuse is disappearing for a lot of places so I guess this is the next excuse?
How about a precedence of accountability ffs.
I need this for RMs so bad...
Need to find the right use... like a d&amp;d board.
Mine. https://giphy.com/gifs/laugh-make-every-i7wIxegKKfwwo
Damnit... this is the first thing I thought of to my immediate disgust of having to give it up to EA. You’re right.
They do
Oh... yeah I can see why that would trigger some alpha chiefs. (8 years and and made it to e5)
1/3 - Machina BSB (dupe)
Your first idea is to put them in a position of authority, with possible, life-long serious consequences to individuals that even some humans can’t handle the responsibility of? How about we start with like cleaning shit up (since they showed it lifting then carting off 100 lbs)
I really want a AOSB :(
Was I the only one hoping that when she opened the door to the stairs, there would be a party in there too?
Stiff AF 3P0 unit or this thiccness? No contest.
It’s both... the same situation can be seen happening with FTWD s4. It has done a complete 180, said fuck you to the story built thus far and just used the template to do the same BS that happening to TWD. Only thing I can conclude is that Gimple is actually out to ruin this franchise for some reason.
Well damnit...
They even make em in food products that are legal in all states.
Took fear a few seasons to find its legs but they finally did only to have the rug pulled out from underneath it all. Once I realized that Taka was not in season 4 at all I heard everything I needed to know that shit was over. That was right hand man material for Madison. They would have been fucking ruthless together. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7DunnY2Q4s0 Their first understanding was perfect.
Top 3: Sophia farm reveal. (tons with Shane but that was top) Madison hands over Ottos head to Taka Andrew Lincoln’s performance when he first meets Negan (sans cliffhanger)
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reefer_Madness
Same boat as you... there need to be real studies done on what’s going on in the gut. Love weed but the side effects are real thus a break is often needed.
Ok now this is getting to me even more after this. Luke had long disappeared at this point right? But he was still using the force to project those long enough for Kylo to see them???
Bet that thing hauls... LS somethin in it.
Once we can be fully immerse and feel all 5 senses... oh boy.
= g i t g u d
Does it bother anyone else that at lv.99 Tryo is at the front of the list and Elarra is at the bottom?
Taking the video game monicker“extra life” to the highest level of meaning.
Normally ok with crazy fantasy weapons and would be quick to choose a fancy piece in game (stats come first of course) But if I had to pick from these I would choose 1. Looks like it would outlast every other dagger there
*Multiple direct hits*
“Oh no I’ll never work for AMC again,” said no WD crew member ever. I seriously believe anyone who would want to question why the NDAs were ignored would already know about how shit AMC has been at handling all of this and wouldn’t hold it against them for speaking about what really was happening. Sure, you’ll always have people who don’t care regardless and would say you broke the NDA and that’s that but honestly I don’t think there would be many in this case.
What? It is literally one of the most entertaining things to do... you get a level of uncertainty through the RNG of boss fights which make it challenging and fun to beat. Now times that with the boss and 6 other people you end up with. Clinchers in multiplayer always excited me more than a close call in single player.
He knew it wouldn’t go down like the guy getting a French citizenship... we’ed deport his ass in a second.
Can’t be fooled if you don’t listen to him at all :)
Might as well give him the stick and find something else like a metal rod (something not wood). Stick is his prize and he will not feel the need to go look for it (I.e. unlock your back door) if he always has it.
I only crafted it to empty out the crystal used to create it because it was misaligning all my orbs lol. So I would love a buff to this completely useless ability. Would it be to OP to include *every* status effect? No imperils of course and maybe take out interrupt since NC does that.
Aye, I do too.
The Zanclean flood theory really paints a Noah like, apocalyptic flood situation that would seem like it happened everywhere, but only effected The Mediterranean Sea.
I don’t think this is sarcasm at all (if it was, oh well) meet some dudes in the military who can’t even wash/wipe their ass properly because they were THAT afraid to touch their ass-hole. Seeing as how the guy sleeping above or below (or both, Navy racks btw) is less than an arms length away from your nostrils...
A video I watch recently suggest that the Black Sea also had this happen so the Mediterranean got it from both sides.
Reraise hurt to make the most... and that’s when I thought it was party wide lol. I had a 4 row like you for a while but ended up wanting NC for my retaliate team (it’s the only 4-hit for Zack) It took me all of 1 week before I caved and made em all after NC was made lol.
Before saying what the Order did to you is bullshit? It’s worth a shot!
Hmmm looks like a bald James Franco.
Rear mounted turbo for sure... there are many work arounds for handling rain and water like a oil sprayed on those intakes that repeal water.
I think it was all building up to the revelations Yoda got at the end... you could tell it was rushed and there was more he wanted to do. I was fully satiated when they explained the whole Sifo Dyas thing... over great show though!
More so transformed into the Information Age.
As someone with a fully loaded Cloud... I bring him a little as I can. But every once and a while when the fight is to hard I’ll send him in. Even still that has created some fun fights with real close calls. Like if he doesn’t dual cast this fucking omega drive then we’re done. Chain groups are even more fun when everyone’s on the same page using the same element. Maybe you just need to stop joining all the cloud/tyro groups?
Start hosting the fights...
Maybe you can answer this... I have a dead coiled-up millipede outside that hasn’t been moved at all or been dragged off by who knows what, so this has allowed me to observe it from day-to-day and see much of what you are saying. The question is that on any given day it is almost bone white (sits in a sunny spot) but when it rains it changes color back to damn near the perfect shade of when those things are alive. How?
Nope... still looking for an answer on that.
Lol I wish I would have thought of this way back then. Their line of thinking might have been that if they directly touch it then they might like it??? IDK
That’s really all it could be... it is just uncanny how much color returns. So much so that I legit thought it was alive again a week after it was there. Was like “do these things do some kinda cocoon phase!?!” Even poked it with a stick lol.
Ur a holiday harry!
Is she focused on the TV playing National Lampoons Vacation with the Ferrari girl on it lol?
Feels like borderline advertising seeing these so often now. At least don’t photoshop the shit out of em so we can maybe get a good idea of how this stuff looks finished.
Compression in lense is such a beautiful thing... just wish a good one did cost so damn much.
Damn I’ve been using PB blast forever and to see it do so poor... I mean like you said, “something is better than nothing” but dang.
its funny you say that because there is a small body of water behind them... or was that the point?
[if you look along the edges of the clouds on both photos](http://4k.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/20_Century_Fox_SDR_vs_HDR.jpg) towards the top center... you'll see how it makes the whites whiter and darks darker. The blue sky (darks) coming from behind the cloud (whites) has a dark fade after HDR... Same thing happens all the way to the middle right side with that hill. It creates such a unnatural gradient that really stands out. (navy photog &amp; graphic design for almost a decade then several years after i got out so maybe it sticks out more to me) If you look on OPs pic you'll see the same gradients on damn near ever line of the car. And a REALLY bad spot around the blue ones headlight. Photog needed one more light there XD BTW i never hated on plasti\-dip, i think its nifty stuff.
...which... which end did you start with?
Holy shit blast from the past!
Lol the baby in the last panel looks like he’s having fun.
Ahhh then you shout raw and slid up that clarity bar or honestly there’s many way to achieve the same effect. Simple fact is light doesn’t behave that way unless you have an extremely controlled studio environment and not a whole bunch overhead lights. Not hating on the photo just would wanna see what the coat actually looks like finished
I believe the colors are true.
No, but even with the 100 mike border zone that includes 2/3 of all Americans.
Pre-coffee post with shitty auto correct XD
"field testing the merch sir."
I wouldn’t want that to be anything else. Much much easier to maintain and keep clean vs. literally any type of cloth in there (carpet, beds, drapes and shit)
Top three: 200 lighting dodges in FFX beating T9 / T12 in FFXIV. Getting my Tamas ring at the end of CoP in FFXI
And I have a titanium rod in my leg so extra stabby power!
Watched that movie for the first time during my last deployment on the USS Truman. The interior of the ship at night with the red glow was a perfect setting for this movie. Loved it through and through. The twist at the end legitimately caught my by surprise.
It certainly gets the point across
[having it happen slowly would definitely suck.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EjZ7Cb5WDLM)
I can just hear him say “it’s comfortable!”
[the only appropriate response is a *star trek* gif...](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/972/951/5f9.gif)
[Mines damn near exactly like yours...](https://imgur.com/gallery/2g6W8g2) Kain was up in the air for his last two attacks so I would have been boned.
CoD MW2 still has more than enough people playing... fire up that ps3 and come join us and play a good CoD again!
It doesn’t take long, I see weird trends of aim bots in that they will go hard for like a week then disappear for a few with stragglers here and there. Played all day yesterday and didn’t run into a single one... ok that was a lie I ran into one but that was right at the start and I switched lobbies and no more afterwards.
A lot of things started becoming major problems once we started cracking the can on tough fights. Like the need to have battle paused when in menus. But what I would want to see most... what would make me spend what it takes to become a mvp member in one sitting if they implemented??? “Sort RM by most used.”
In the military we call that keeping your head on a swivel!
It’s just you end up with *many* favorites and they are spread out... like TGM RM is always at the bottom of a long list. Even the EXP ones are all over the place.
I realized that after typing out where Cid’s RM is... which means get used to scrolling bub :(
Would really like to know how they made that, like what sources did they mix together, because it was very unsettling.
And the reaction from the cop after saying “you got what you deserved” was real... he didn’t know he was spost to be alive.
DEWIT!
I like you... even though you hate me.
The first time I realized I was playing with a real person and not just a NPC was at the end drawing out a heart... seems like a universal symbol in that game.
Louisoix Leveilleur is also the most bad ass when ever!
FFXIV should have released Louisoix Leveilleur before Heavesward folks... and he hands down the best whm ever.
Well fucking sign me up! I’ll have amazon drone out my groceries. I don’t need to go anywhere.
I lucked out on her lmr (x2) recently so I might actually spend money to get it... dont... case... fff...
Yikes... expensive hobby. Can’t I just squat in the north tower and fix shit up room by room?
At this point you shouldn't be required to mount that hideous licenses plate on that beautiful car. anything else besides that!
Pretty sure Dr. Strange saw that version XD
Jesus how’s that even possible? Did you do that all in one go?
Fuck I need to stay away from this sub... you guys gettin me way to hype WAY TO EARLY!
As a step father (since before he knew any different) to my oldest 11 year old son... I had to lean my head back far to not let him see me crying like a little baby.
My relic pull superstition is based off the minutes/hour of the day... you could easily pull that much while in my “superstitious window” and never see anything. Spread it out man! All of these 500+ horror stories start with y’all doing it back to back.
I was hoping for Z is for Zelda but just show a super confused Link shrugging his shoulders.
This is the only acceptable action... after like the third/fourth time just put it back and let others go ahead.
He got to see his works in action all the way through.
Yeah, the low-ground PoV.
Sounds awfully like a contract when your “locked into” it.
I’ve owned two iPhones... a 3 and 5. Definitely not one of those who wants the new and shiny.
Lol ... I’ve owned a iPhone 3 and 5, And I didn’t even get the 3 right when it came out. I do pay my phone off right there and then, it’s just in the past, if I wanted to I could get a new phone as it rolls out. That is certainly not the case now. So maybe I’m just complaining about the cost XD Edit: I get downvotes for agreeing with the guy above me? Lol y’all weird.
Lol I never planned on changing anyways so that was perfect for me.
The old model where you refreshed your contract and got a newer phone for much cheaper... but once they realized how much money they were losing they changed it. I never planned on changing because they are all terrible in their own right. Y’all actually think they stopped contracts because you asked lol...
I do lol, people assuming that just because I make an argument means I am fully on the other side of getting every single new phone made available sans financial availability.
Yeah that’s what I do... seems people are misunderstanding me.
Exactly... most folks hear had the wool pulled over their eyes.
Handicap stop too? My back hurts just *imagining* getting into that thing.
I had weird ear lobs, stretching them to a 0g made them wonderfully symmetrical... or did you really need to be told that it is for looks?
No, probably not ;)
We do morals and ethics on the outside while dirty motives are behind closed doors... China kicks the fucking doors down, kills half your family then gene edits the rest of em to be slaves. Yes we’re still as corrupt as the next guy but at least we have human rights, and with such a human subject (making babies) it would be nice to have some standards... or maybe Chain will figure out how to make Capt. America so there’s that XD
I want to do this.
Legit thought the sun was flat till like 11... I wasn’t a bright kid.
Mil-Spec is a thing... but yeah they are probably regular glowsticks XD
The lack of Boko in this thread is disturbing... &amp;#x200B; Also, Louisoix Leveilleur, arguably the strongest White Mage in all of Final Fantasy. [Soloing Bahamut (FFXIV)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bs1iz558Lws) First half was the FFXIV intro when it was rebooted, @5:30 is the second half (spoiler)
The connection to Adam and Eve were obvious but I think they were spost to be Aliens... I just really hope they watched over the kids because they kinda just dropped em off and left lol.
Immersion / Lore, and what I think is most important, suspension of disbelief.
No, I mean [spost](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=spost). Type like I talk and from south ;)
"I'm disapointed son."
Was in for 8 years... but you’re obviously more informed due to your job. And sometimes those specific requirements compromise the original design.
C’s get degrees so fuck it!
Found out with my oldest when he got in preschool. Lied to us before we even knew with “others were picking on him.” After saying something to the teachers they finally noticed that he was the one starting it. He was also in Kung Fu at the time and his sensei was a real straightforward dude that commanded lots of respect, he said he would handle it. 1 hour intensive training session (mostly in mabu stance) 100% did it. Never had a problem even remotely close to bullying and he’s 11 now.
It *really* is. Teaches them to respect physical contact early and weeds out a lot of bad behavior (like bullying). Even to this day, there is no other punishment that will strike fear into his very being like mabu stance.
Yeah, that’s the one. Aka “horse stance.”
Crazy that no matter the age, a good IT session with some horse stance mixed in will get your message right through. It’s funny because this happened for me about 2 weeks into boot camp. 1am IT session for 2 hours shut me right up XD
That bird call at the beginning 😂😂😂
The shot where it shows what’s actually happening got me.
That’s not the word he used, I just don’t know how to spell it so that word will do.
Spelled phonetically “foon-dee”
Through the squiggling static or are you rich?
Like sitting on a horse with no horse... but a little bit lower.
I have a shirt just like this!
Neat
My dad had a copy of this on vhs that I watched regularly at the age of 5, he didn’t seem to mind. I grew up with that damn green orb and entering the atmosphere in a C1 Corvette.
Me: 5 kids, seen about time, this will always be my answer. Also Me: But you have felony charges pending... surely you would want to redo that. Me: This would still be my answer.
Yeah but you can also break those rules once you know them.
This is pretty much the situation on any US Navy ship while out to sea. Google home page usually takes about 5 mins to load up... well that is if you are a lowly enlisted without any IT hookups or Officer access.
He was poisoned by his enemies.
Real talk, what would this do to our planet? Would the other side be someone inhabitable?
agreed
Was that not the movie he was talking about? Interesting flick!
This is exactly what happened to me one day. Was when I was in the Navy during another morning of PT, and during this day we were playing dodgeball. Cut to where this gif ends (why???) and I just get this crazy boost of energy out of nowhere, dodging everything coming at me (didn’t want to risk catching them to get someone back in because I was going so fast) got one, then two... then three people out, it was crazy. IIRC there was about 6 of em. I got 4 out then got brave, caught one and my buddy Wax jumped in and helped me finish em off. Glorious day.
Tony aimed for the head.
do fish look at us and think were like birds?
I’ll be in my bunk.
This kills the fan.
it's treason then.
https://imgur.com/gallery/11QE3tR
Even though the cab matches the color schematic, I feel as if it's unfinished. Like it needs to look more like the rest of it. Still pretty neat though!
Service in any of our armed forces wrapped up into one statement.
Shiny and chrome
Here is a Baroque period painting on this... because some are more visual. [By Caravaggio](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crucifixion_of_Saint_Peter_(Caravaggio))
Excuse my global self but is there any info on what the magicite summon will do for us or the passives on it?
I saw that... is there a 5* ?
All of this leading up to no ultimate magicite??? I really hope they are not that stupid.
Yeah, must just be info they are holding onto. Rewards based off the elements used makes the most sense... because that would me a shit ton of farming and that’s what FF does best.
Dem streaks can suck... it’s been ages since a Evrae has dropped.
Well there was always that red looking dragon that showed up after we cleared each level so there was always gonna be a final battle. And as per most FF series’ impossible sidequest, we are treated to some OP Uber weapon at the end. I don’t think there is a single person here who can’t say they thought about that final summon at least once.
Exactly...
I’m not vehemently against the decision... I’m sure a whole table full of people came down on this decision at some point I just don’t understand why... Even considering what it takes to clear... I don’t see a reason for not including *something* summonable.
I didn’t enjoy it either but once the notion of one final fight came to light I was very much ok with one final round of farming... Especially considering that you could probably get all the passives from the 5*’s and only have to defeat Odin 4 times to get a 99.
Yeah, it’s one of my few pet peeves with these kinda games. Not having a defied end makes most people quit out of not wanting to play anymore which kinda robs the joy and memory of this game.
Sorry, yes that is what I meant.
And the 5*’s are totally sufficient... don’t get me wrong. And I believe the purposed 6* Odin would only be marginally stronger... and maybe fill some sort of niche that might not be covered by everything that is out so far (Magicite wise) I do agree on the last point of getting away from the heavy reliance on elements to shape the end game content.
IDK about chains being included but pretty much everything else you said was what I was imagining as well. Even if there wasn’t two copies but just one main one based off the iconic summons. I can see the confusion with having that as well as the normal summon moves and how they (DeNa) wouldn’t like the repetition but let’s be real... Our iconic summons are locked in 3* land being absolutely useless.
The accessory is on par with what I was imagining being the rewards for this fight... and everything else you get too honestly. I’m not saying the rewards are lackluster... I was just surprised to see no final Magicite summon.
I guess when you break it down like that... it is easier to swallow. I certainly wouldn’t want to just end up using Odins “supposed Op” magicite in place of all the others we have farmed and built. However, some sort of fully customizable (inheritance slots) with an adjustable move set (based on what element you beat him with) would be pretty dope though.
Global only here... and I’ve been avoiding the ending so idk.
How about mimicking the accessory he drops... take away the entry damage / move and turn it into a sorta stat stick with lots of elemental resist, (maybe like 3 resist slots with two inherent slot) make him into the perfect sub-Magicite support.
How viable is Barret with his [USB](https://ffrkstrategy.gamematome.jp/game/951/wiki/Soul%20Break%20List_Height%20of%20Anger(Barret)) and imperil duty in the Manticore 5\* fight? He also has the LM2 that chases machinist abilities (moderate) with an x7 attack so he can build the chain as well. Rest of the team is Vivi with USB and trance shenanigans, Krile CSB, Tryo USB3, Elarra USB. It's that I don't really have any other strong fire casters believe it or not so looking to fill that slot with something useful.
John Wick 3: Must Love Dogs
Yeah I just gave it a go and the damage was to slow. The build is survivable but would run outta hones.
Yeah I just gave it a go and there wasn’t enough damage even though Vivi was going nuts.
Interesting... same for the physical fight?
She’s gone from suck, to blow.
You should try graphic design in the military because their answer to that would have been "not if you remake it from scratch."
Just don’t go full dumb
I’m a rather chronic user and I have the opposite of a conceiving problem... me and the wife have five kids and just had a scare even after getting her tubes tied. Antidotal doesn’t go far in this area though.
Grew up on a very small island in the pacific and sailed many seas with the Navy, the sea is my home... yet still, the only thing that truly terrifies me is falling off the ship at night with no moon out. Pure. Fucking. Black. It scared me to even look at it leaning on the rails where it was perfectly safe.
YAH ah HA HA!
I think I saw the first one. I generally stayed away because I didn’t want to give one of my worse fears more fuel for the imagination XD
What kinda tape and paint did you use to get those clean ass lines?!?
The most southern island is Kwaj which is where i lived. Then going up the right side, little buster and big buster, then Ebeye which is not as nice and has MANY more people on it, namely the local Marshallese. Some ferry to Kwaj (and maybe other islands?) daily for work. One more island up is Bigej. This uninhabited island is where you could go camping for a weekend if you did all the proper paperwork (DoD after all). My after school job was at the small boat marina, gassing up all the rental 22’ boats when they came back for the night and keeping them clean and what not. People deep sea fishing out there like it’s their job, can’t blame them, I’ve seen em haul in some monsters and frequently went home with a few pounds of the most fresh slabs you could get since i worked there. Anyways you could camp out at that island and I did one weekend since i had the hook up with the boats ;) We forgot to build a fire (just a bunch of teens with booze on a uninhabited island what could go wrong...) so when it got dark, with no moon, and cloudy skies, it was the darkest I’ve ever seen. Like not even a foot in front of you could be seen. We reluctantly wandered around for a bit looking for where we dragged our stuff ashore XD. Eventually found our stuff (flashlights included) and got to it. Was a amazing trip, saw the largest *green* meteor the next night which was clear skies, and yeah, I’ll never see that many stars again. I’ve also been to the island up north Roi-Namur. But that place has no kids (because no schools) so I never got to stay long. Only when my dad rode the boat he was chief engineer of up there. I think I might actually like that island (visually) more because there are more open fields and the beaches always have lots of tread covering them with shade so it was maximum chill everywhere.
On clear nights it’s was chill... on them cloudy, no moon nights where you couldn’t see 50 ft past the orange lights hitting the water... the void started stating back lol.
Not always. Full blown community so there is a wide range of jobs albeit a small pool to fill. Google “Kwajalein Range Services.”
Wise advice. She’s an unforgiving bitch that will take you in a second.
Couldn’t you angle one side say 45 degrees and the other 225 degrees?
[Her lightsaber ignite](https://m.imgur.com/t/star_wars/WbS1G) from that fight alone is amazing.
You got downvoted out of pure ignorance so for anyone who actually sees this... per diem for hotels is fixed at a moderate level which is different for each zip code. You can even google these rates if you want. Exceptions can be made for places that cost more like “was the only place for many miles” and other reasonable reasons. Sometimes I’ve seen ridiculous reasons but the exception doesn’t make the rule. I know nothing of trump hotel cost but something tells me it’s outrageous and any active duty personal who even managed to get away from where everyone else is staying, (which is practically impossible) would end up being the person who foots the entire bill they rack up because DFAS would never find justification with that. And as for permanently being stationed at a fucking hotel... these people are idiots. Source: active duty Navy for 8 years as a photographer who traveled A LOT. Also wife was active for 11 years and reserve for almost 7 and travels even more than I did... we deal with DFAS on the regular.
100% disappointing... I fully stood by the thought that they were gonna have her come back and be the crescendo to Finns arc. Thought maybe they learned from boba (bringing him back after the fact) and have her come back in glorious fashion... literally thought that was the whole point of her.
Is this the thing Bill Burr was talking about in this interview? [https://youtu.be/tDjVtiGJfwk?t=58](https://youtu.be/tDjVtiGJfwk?t=58) He even pauses and says "I don't know if I'm even allowed to say.."
You get no extra points for the head movements... and the do every single one.
Got this for my kids as well. I have 4 of em so it's perfect... if only there was a save function though.
sooooooooo many neighborhoods that you could travel and scrounge for quite a while. I would never want to settle down because other people traveling might want to take what you have. Just roll through and make temporary, barely noticeable camp and loot all the houses.
Those fucking eyes...
“What’s happening with the entire world’s climate has nothing to do with what’s happening on said world.” -them probably
I always took it as the speaker representing everyone in the human race. Like, we all have the power to do these things which normally start in our early years, childish and silly. “I can ride my bike with no handle bars,” but underneath you have the destructive tone of competitiveness. This of course escalates as we get older, and more complicated layers are added, but still derives from the same childish and silly competitive nature.
Yeah, I was honestly expecting more. It basically moved from the start of his fingers on the palm to the tip of the fingers
Holy shit that’s funny. This dude is gonna hate carrots for the rest of his life.
The Empire Strikes Back
Legitimately... that’s a good question. I’ve always wondered if they could deflect a blast from a star fighter. Seems like it has more than enough heft to push them back if they did but at what point does it mess up the blade?
Their probably flabbergasted and speechless at how useless that lock was.
The business model requires like 1 or 2% (maybe smaller since this game is so big) of the player base to whale in order for it to be wildly successful... not saying that closing your wallet is useless because it isn’t... but it makes no impact to them. Consider how low the average age group is, and the ignorant parents who will just let their kids buy every skin every day...
Air Force One as the glider
I understand the point is to prove that there are consequences but being how fragile a developing fetus is... directly injecting damn near anything into them would be bad right? What is more useful is a study of common use methods. But I also understand that such a study could be dangerous in that it would enable some people to use... if the results were not that bad. But again, we come back to the notion that any woman who’s comfortable smoking anything while pregnant probably isn’t thinking about the babies best interest and wouldn’t even read said study. They would just do what they are gonna do anyways.
I do agree with everything you said here.
Don’t bite the hand that feeds?
What I wouldn’t give for a Bowsette skin... but I know it’ll never happen :(
I’m sure there will be plenty of folks who are roughly 800k away from 350 come the end of season and this will help... No reason to be mad about it.
Guy above literally said why... for the alt Scratch skin.
Feigned retreat is a pretty solid tactic if you can use the surrounding area to your advantage.
“This time it will be the carrot nose from an Olaf toy.”
[Except the shockwave of a blast can be just as deadly...](https://www.reddit.com/r/Damnthatsinteresting/comments/65vico/shockwave_destroying_mannequin_in_slow_motion/)
The MMA guy would want to put you down as fast as possible... people still gloss over the fact that Ren was taking it easy on her because he was trying to turn her... Underestimated, then she got the better of him once he reminded her that she could use the force.
I really hope we get to see this in the Obi wan show... IDGAF if it has already been shown. And I hope to hear a real somber mix to dual of the fates with it.
The trick is... how to induce that simple change.
Instructions unclear, now on fire and more sad.
Pair this with the normal format, to the right of the cat... “when you’re getting it from all sides.”
It’s the storm that causes this... nothing like this happens because people are always being forced out of anything they build. You’ll see it every so often that someone guesses the exact location of the center (usually on top of a hill) and has enough mats to manage building something massive. I’ve have tried it a couple times and it’s nice because it offers unique scenario of someone trying to infiltrate your maze house.
Except the only people that say that believe that... and he said nothing else for me to go off of so I would have to assume that this is his main reason. It’s just a very confrontational statement by redirecting the focus and attacking before even knowing what someone believes. Which is common on both extreme sides of this debate. Sure, plenty of religious people shame other religions... and I think all of those people are hypocritical ass holes. To shame anyone for their beliefs is so far from what most of those religions teach that is mind boggling those people can formulate a coherent thought. And plenty of atheist will attack for various reasons, like you have regarding my faith, but what do you have to prove? Do you think I will all the sudden abandon my truth I have know for almost 40 years because someone on the internet told me that faith isn’t fact based?
LEGO is really missing out on display sets... iirc the hanger bay display set for the UCS millennium falcon (on studio) is damn near 9000 pieces, without mini figs or other nicknacks to make the scene look more alive.
My reasons for believing aren’t any better than anyone else’s reasons for their beliefs.
The ol’ dick twist?
Finger sized dick?
Wooo that makes me real uncomfortable for some reason.
It bothers me to no end that the bulk of the separatists force was the moronic droids that often question orders and were just overall terrible. To see a series where they are shown as a menacing force to be reckoned with (like they did briefly in the mando flashbacks) is seriously desired... and the same with the empires forces. These armies took over entire galaxies (outer rim excluded) yet are often depicted as fully incompetent. [Basically like this ARC trooper segment.](https://youtu.be/PIrrxrIQ79U)
please OP we must know more!
This is the way... to the hospital.
Exactly, the droids didn’t act that way just because it was a kids show, they were just meant to be comic relief that fell flat. George really got caught up on the comic relief part which is where some of the prequels failed.
There is a short at least... and has plenty of perfect one liners just like the movie.
But dude... *Star Wars Lego...*
Naw man, those little gold bits on the outside look scratchy.
You can see the entire project in very detailed pics here... [https://roadstershop.com/galleries/roadrage/](https://roadstershop.com/galleries/roadrage/)
At first glance I thought he was playing a violin... and was really confused.
That movie was spost to take place in 500 years not like a decade later...
The real questions is what is under the clothes... i can’t get it out of my mind. Is it a weird skinny alien baby or a pudgy round squishy complete with baby fat rolls.
Not only that but both Vader and Kylo wanted to turn the other person the first time they fought. The only reason Vader won is because he has like 3-4 times the experience as Kylo when it comes to combat. Also, the bowcaster injury Kylo was rocking.
I think a lot of you guys are missing the critical point of a unwanted oops. EOD (explosive ordnance disposal) really has no room for error.
Can he stand on his hind legs? Amazing btw!
Exactly, which is why Morgon Freeman is clearly the top pick.
Not only that but most bladed weapon fights are over quickly and are usually very chaotic, nowhere near as beautifully choreographed as what we normally see in Hollywood. Star Wars gets a pass because of the force. There is supposed to be this whole second battle going on in their heads in reading each other's minds and what they will do next, deception in next moves, and the suppression of what will really happen. Way more than just a sword fight. That second paragraph is shown perfectly in this clip, it shows all the time's Obi-Wan learned from Maul then applied that to beat him in only 3 moves.
The wife and I were just talking about adding an underwater segment in this exact same style to the Barracuda bay island bit... this is clearly a sign.
Really wanted the one you could raffle for through the Lego VIP :(
The official page is gone because the sweepstake is over [but here was the prize.](https://www.bobafettfanclub.com/news/wp-content/uploads/lego-boba-fett-giveaway-promo.jpg)
&gt;Plus if there's one thing jedi and sith share its a love for theatrics. Ain't no one got shit on Vaders entrance game though.
I mean... that’s pretty much a velociraptor so a solid fear.
Man, that dance floor had stupid amounts of detail and wasn't really seen at all.
Well that’s a relief 😅
Middle in brown
Idk man... I compare it to standing next to a silverback gorilla with no cage between yah (which I haven’t done). In that moment I would be frozen by fear that this thing would rip my face off if I even farted wrong. Now just make that thing twice the size. Could be a good way to misguide the reader into thinking they are about to run into Harry from the Hendersons but in reality it is so much more worse than that.
t h i c c
