10k is the max you can lose by getting robbed. There's no reason to put money on your bank at all.
It is entirely different. Shares no resemblance to the old one at all other than basic layout with tons of maze rooms added to it.
Only for rockstar to ban me because MoDdED MoNeY
For 2., that picture looks more like the las vegas sign.
It happened a thousand times that their system got triggered upon banking cash. Still not the reason why I don'r bank it.
This has been a thing since last season, and everyone else can hear you just fine.
Nah, that's CGI. Physics are off, vehicles look bad and have tinted windows without proper reflection.
You can build stuff right on top of their spawns and they'll still spawn.
&gt; Mercedes-Benz and I'm sure they have lots of money Mercedes Benz isn't too expensive, especially older models like this one.
Yeah like, 10 years ago.
I don't know, people keep calling pickups trucks too.
Yea, minecraft models are flat, ela is flat, it's fine.
This and not switching sides every round finally ruined ranked for me. I miss the days when there were all game modes and maps.
When you misplace a block in minecraft
Did you ever check out grand canyon? Such a catastrophe lol
It has one hell of an ugly rear bumper
Ahh, a fellow platinum skin user. Best skin.
1v1 me rust intervention only no hardscope
Just wondering because it's like that on every ambulance ever.
There could very well be just another layer of clothing behind that, and then fresh air again. Combat pants or earmuffs are prime examples for this. However since siege only registers damage where the actual body would be, this was actually a headshot and not just a clothes-shot.
Duallys are so weird. They always look like some ugly chick with super wide hips and a thin body.
r/idiotsincars
Warum ist es eigentlich immer der Polo?
lmao how can you be so sensitive. especially as a country.
Not to mention how on release gun parts moved, and now they're all still except for magazines. For example if you upgrade the carbine to the mk2 version, the charging handle will no longer pull out and the character just acts like doing so.
I was utterly disappointed when I found out there's just one night club interior and every night club is the same.
&gt; I hope they give us a good way of earning a fair amount of cash. ha
He can't handle flying his depressor mk2 all the way to the countryside if someone decides to go there, he clearly doesn't want even more space.
broomstick mk2 users usually don't use their brain much so they're just sitting in the air going half the speed they could go
It makes characters wider, thus easier to recognize and aim at. Though you lose a lot of peripheral vision, and your horizontal sensitivity becomes faster than your vertical one.
&gt; loot loaded after about 5 minutes. aww
Episode 1 was fun enough to get hooked, Episode 2 was extremely boring, Episode 3 starts boring but gets more interesting over time, and is awesome again somewhere around the end.
I really miss it
It's safe to say that I'll never touch warden because of how absolutely useless he is.
Or more like comparing episodes with episodes. I found the story, atmosphere and music to be way better in the first one and Episode 1 instantly caught my interest, while I'm still on the fence after 3 episodes of LIS2.
That's nice and all, but I prefer the lesser known artists from LIS1. LIS2 already had three songs I've had for years, I don't like it.
That, combined with him being a 1 speed for no reason, awkward view-blocking running animations and recycled guns. I've already lost interest in Nokk too.
Neat looking mustang but holy shit the wheels look like something I'd choose in need for speed back when I was 12.
Took the bus once in LA because we couldn't park anywhere close to the observatory on july 4th, what a horrible experience.
should have*
Nah, all we have is imports.
iih
Tbh, I started with nightmare and only really struggled until I got my first skill that could kill enemies. Stomping heads and the like is super broken.
They're fun and all, but I sure miss the days where people drove cars and not some unrealistic hover bikes, rocket cars or whatever.
Looks more like a 4 to me
&gt; Devel Sixteen is a unit of measurement now. No
No, just rightfully complaining about a feature that doesn't work the way it should.
It's not like the actual one is right next to the wrong one...
I'm only 56, and the game doesn't offer enough that I think I could reach prestige in time.
They've already posted pics and they're rebuilding it from scratch
Take someone to the beach and wait for a ship to show up halfway "under water" in the distance.
What was that one for again?
Riiiight. Shame it's such a low resolution though. But I don't mind, AUG &gt; 552
Not even a unimog, just a old ass regular mercedes truck.
It's more of an engine thing, mostly to assure the player won't start walking in the air when going down steps, sidewalks or other things. All the spots in the game that allow you to jump down forces an animation, effectively nullifying the gravity feature.
Smurfing is basically cheating and it's sad how it's widely accepted in the world of gaming.
When you want a BMW but can't actually afford one. There's a reason why this car is the symbol of assholes in the EU. I have yet to meet an actual nice person with one of these.
Couldn't you import them if you really wanted one?
What, that's bullshit. You guys are missing out from quite a few cars and even brands.
Try FFA, I rarely get modded lobbies there.
If only she had shields, and didn't have windows that expose the traps.
Bet you looked at all the people blacking out their chrome trims, and you decided to be unique and try a different color. Now it looks like shitty lipstick. White and red don't fit together at all.
I WAS EATING THOSE BEANS, ARE YOU FUCKING INSANE?
If you call removing a ladder and slightly moving a staircase a rework... okay.
It wasn't such a bad map once you got into it. But spawn peek normandy wasn't fun.
Alles klar misterkackapopoloch
SA never had sunsets like that and your pic is heavily modded.
I personally don't even mind the hotbar reload thing. What I hate is my hotbar'd magazines becoming useless once I loaded them, and then I have to manually drag new ones into the bar. I still don't get why they overcomplicated reloading so much.
Meanwhile we've driven around every military outpost in existence multiple times in multiple sessions and have yet to find any AK or M4 that wasn't in the hands of another players.
To be honest, a fresh spawn with a fast melee weapon can fuck you up because of the retarded melee system stunlocking you.
What's the best yacht in your opinion?
Good boy. It's rare that you meet someone that knows the pisces has the better layout and vehicles.
The slits are a horrible idea and way too defender sided.
Nah, a small pocket hammer still gets through a wall in under a minute.
Still works for most people, but it's bugged for many others. You're not missing out on anything though, the only thing you hear is insults and kids screaming easy.
Here I am having bought the black ice bundle back in the day, yet barely even use them... I wish they were made with a little more effort, they basically wrap the whole gun in a foil.
There is no black ice universal
I had the same reaction and then I remembered how stupid you are regarding game development
Drehspieß nach Döner-Art muss nur irgendwo Döner stehen und dann läuft das schon.
Do people not have an anti air class? As soon as I hear theres a VTOL inbound I switch to it, fire two rockets at the strafing jet and then PKM spam it down before it even comes down to hover.
nope rope
Weil Englisch das bessere Deutsch ist. Spaß beiseite, fast alle Spiele sind scheiße ins Deutsche übersetzt, Siege gehört dazu.
How? There's enough stuff around to measure the scale with.
Put it back
So you're saying you're a man who wears mostly male clothes that wants to go into female bathrooms? Amazing.
So much this! I was so hyped for LIS2 to finally experience something like it again, but was let down very fast :(
My favourite bar has a layout similar to that, but more random where each table/nook has its own layout, it has very steep stairs that are almost ladders. Definitely works but this one is horribly executed.
Driving into that looks pretty easy, and the other one is a common thing, only used for storage.
Doesn't even need a dolch. Lebel meta and quickswitching to any pistol is overpowered enough already
Ah yes, my favourite Jeep, the Jeep UAZ.
Also happens when people try to lift it by grabbing the door handle.
Still don't get why they don't just have both in rotation, or manual selection, the playerbase is big enough.
They did exactly that.
It's a pretty old BMW, and a base model. Probably with 200k miles or so too. That car is so far away from being wealthy. Until you count in all the maintenance costs that is.
Modern Warfare is a reboot of the series, very different game from MW1. They did resell a remastered MW1 a few years ago though.
Na Explodierende natürlich.
I wanna see you sawing off a metal barrel with a wood handsaw.
It's especially stupid because you need like 5 cans to be considered "full".
It's tricky though, you can't shoot through every section. There's metal crates on them which stop bullets, so you gotta learn first.
what
Or any other gun. Thought you meant his gadget.
Lightbars before they were cool
So basically Wasteland with zombies, not dayz. Epoch is great and all but it really isn't dayz.
So much time wasted managing inventories. I just shit everything in there and find what I need using the filters.
Ich dacht du bist der krasse Kai-Uwe!
Jo, sehr gemütlich jedes mal schief auf einem Stein zu sitzen.
The real MVP
Danny Devito
FPS are perfectly fine wdym?
Huh? Havoc has like no recoil to begin with
Seit Bargeld irrelevant ist, ist mein Geldbeutel auch nicht mehr nervig dick. Aber trotzdem nervig, wenn er hinten drin ist. Fühlt sich sperrig und die ganze Zeit im Weg an. In den Seitentaschen sitzt er natürlich und man fühlt ihn fast nie.
Just a matter of time until Chalet, Plane, Yacht and Favela are gone too.
Doch, aber in die wenigen Geschäfte die nur Bargeld nehmen geh ich halt nicht rein. :P
Description says 1981
An dem Punkt bin ich schon. Die Bars/Clubs die ich besuche bieten alle Kartenzahlung an.
I fucking love dropping there and starting the party
Seriously though, why do people refuse to activate windows? At most it costs 10 bucks
When's my turn to repost this?
Not OP but I was quite let down by LIS2. It's okay, has two good/fun episodes, much more fleshed out endings, but it's absolutely nothing like LIS1 or BTS.
Not having that annoying watermark? Depending on your monitor that shit can even leave burn-ins on your screen.
I'd love to play him, absolutely love his lines and abilities n shit. But he's so chunky and it's sooo easy to kill him, it's insane.
OEM keys go for 10-15 bucks. Practically the same thing, only difference is that you can't move it to a new PC.
But they're also way easier to hit than other legends, which makes it ultimately worse.
Rainbow Valley sounds like such a nice place on Mount Everst, but it's really not.
How is it not? There's just a tacky bodykit on it.
Nice flying swastika you've got there
Wolfes don't despawn, that wolf probably chased some player and he either died or just ran away, leaving the wolf idling in that area. When no player is around, only the terrain (without buildings) is loaded for zombies and animals. Once a player comes closer and the animal/zombie happens to stand where a building should be, the engine pops them on the roof to avoid them being stuck in walls or other things.
I think they're fine for 6v6.
Don't know about you but I only run and gun in MW and I'm doing just fine with a lot of fun.
GTA V was such a blast to play, it was so easy to fight griefers and make them cry. Nowadays it's super easy to grief using the broomstick, and you can't do much against it as a victim. The cooldown helped more or less, but there's a workaround and they'll be back on your ass in no time.
Yes. I bought mine to mimic the vice city deluxo in its dark red color, don't even have guns on mine or fly with it. Almost everyone kills me in it, when I drive my Buffalo I barely get into fights.
Aw shit, had the same happen to me once. I dropped the keycard in some grass on customs when I was a hair away from dying, died like 2 meters further. Hope the guy didn't find it.
Inb4 people blame you for playing on modded servers and that's the only reason your car did what it did.
UFO griefers incoming
Really don't understand how people find shipment any fun to play. I've been on both ends of the shit stick and fail to see how cheated killstreaks or dying all the time is any fun.
Wurde ja mal Zeit. Versteh ich nicht warum man dafür immer noch riesige Plakate ausdrucken muss.
1 Virus weil Java nix anderes kann.
Lol, wer hat denn was gegen Grillgeruch? Aber wenn mir einer die Wohnung mit frisch gemähtem Gras um 7 Uhr morgens am Sonntag zustinkt bin ich der Blöde.
So oft wie die Wagenreihung random durchgewechselt wird? Da ist ein Display wesentlich besser. Auch viel einfacher für alle, und sieht schöner aus als so ein in der Zeit stecken gebliebener schwarz-weiß-ausdruck.
Genius... fixing a broken nose is not a nosejob.
A very beta one. Completely different color, layout and name.
Toxic
Ela is an ironing board with a banana face.
Leistung
War ja auch einer der Gründe warum die J serie discontinued ist, hat Samsung einen schlechten Namen verpasst.
Arcadius is the best office, and has an apartment right across the street too!
I wonder what's going on with game companies. Every single one of them always leaves out important changes in their patch notes.
That doesn't mean it's okay to pull one cashgrab after the other.
Really no other good wall to place a second window in, so you might as well keep it for the inevitable balcony breach.
Season Pass was just fine to bring in cash in a fair way. Then they started adding DLC skins on steam and ubisoft, fair enough. Then they started adding more and more R6C only stuff, fair enough. Then they started adding massively overpriced paid alpha packs that don't guarantee you get what you want. Now they're adding yet another pass you can buy.
Yup, but it's still not okay to exaggerate that much on "micro"transactions.
It's far from okay expecting players to spend the amount of a full game on a handful of limited alpha packs just to get one or two items you want. But since halloween they're going away from that, hopefully.
Yep, definitely fine selling about 20 cosmetic items no one will ever use for 60 bucks or more, just because you want one or two items from those loot boxes. That's so far away from being microtransactions, that's a shameless cashgrab.
Season Pass and R6C content worked great for at least two years, the rest was just a cash grab, if you refuse to realize that, your fault.
Origins was easily the best DayZ. Man I miss it...
wooosh
Ah, the four door sultan. A man of culture I see.
A karuma.. hmm. Do you drive that when you want to go to your "Hanger"?
Yup
Bisschen Isolierband auf die Leuchten kleben, fertig. Mein Staubsauger meint 24/7 blinken zu müssen, extrem hell. Hat sich damit erledigt.
Hat nix mit Lenovo zu tun. Das machen Windows Rechner eben so, wenn du sie in den Energiesparmodus schickst statt ihn Herunterfahren zu lassen. Entweder richtig Einstellen oder gleich im BIOS die Leuchteinstellungen ändern oder deaktivieren. Daran bist alleine du Schuld :)
Das mit der Angst vorm in der Stadt fahren werde ich nie verstehen. Wer sich das nicht zutraut, hat eigentlich auch nichts hinterm Sgeuer verloren. Ist aber meistens sowieso nur Kopfsache, genauso wie das typische "das lern ich doch nie" beim Kuppeln.
Natürlich geht das.
Sometimes I'm so so glad that I'm not from the US.
Ich, weil Staubsaugerroboter mit dem ich nie wieder selber saugen muss Ü
That's a yeet, not a kobe.
It was really good until season 4.
Far from perfect
You're leaving them open too. They only close on your end.
I'm on PC, buf half the fun of gifting people is them not knowing I'm about to give them the biggest cut.
Future helicopter parent spotted
A lot of them land on the road
It is indeed among the best mid range TVs, but they still have minor "issues" the top brands don't have.
If only online was optimized.. My singleplayer runs at 150-200 FPS, meanwhile online is like 50-60 at most.
As overpowered as slipstream is in GTA, it stays the fuck off lol.
Or it was the emoji :thinking:
Physik ist nicht sein Ding.
Wer TVs liegend transportiert lebt gefährlich.
Wer redet denn von OLEDs?
Yes
Was awake for mine. It's honestly not that bad, the only thing you notice is the doctors pulling on your head and a few crunches and saw noises when they work on your tooth.
I love you too, happy cake day!
The dude you copied this from did it ten times better
Also wenn du den Abschlusstest immer nur mit 10-40% abschließt brauchst du ja offensichtlich diese Schulungen.
Story leider viel zu kurz bei GTA V, fande ich sehr sehr enttäuschend, auch wenn sie echt gut war.
The standalone has always been hot garbage. We all got our $20 out of it and can say it was worth it, but absolutely not because of why we bought it in the first place.
Oh shit, awesome. How much work was that?
Lol, longshots are like what, 20m at most? Definitely don't need groundwar for those.
Absolute unit
Selling falls in the same category as it technically is trading. However you're free to sell them, no one cares lol.
I wish that car wouldn't have old camaro taillights :(
Why don't they just rent the stuff to try it out?
Gunslinger doesn't take anything away from combat though
Buildings on a hill, multi-story car parks, staircases, elevators. Possibilities are endless.
Speaking of black trim, black out the door pillars between the side windows. Gives the car a much cleaner and modern look!
lol pwn3d n00b
Nono, gib Vice City first.
Angry upvote right here.
Vorsichtig, du lößt die Klimaliebhaber aus die denken Autos wären böse und an allem schuld.
Oh deer.
What the fuck is wrong with you
I'd rather spend my money on something that I actually use instead of just some place I take a nap in.
Antivirensoftware in 2020?
Sitze hier mit einem 6 Jahre altem Sennheiser.. weiß ja nicht was du mit deinen Kopfhörern machst.
Meine sind aber mobil. Einfach welche mit verstärktem Kabel holen, oder wenn man keins findet, die Feder von einem Kuli um die Enden wickeln. Dann halten die auch ewig.
I WAS EATING THOSE BEANS!
Für den Privatgebrauch leider völlig irrelevant.
So many people mount their TVs over the fireplace, which means that the heat will in most cases damage the TV, and the viewing angle isn't good enough, so a lot of picture quality will be lost.
That tire at the end is like "oh yah right, physics, here I go! weee!!"
In dem USA gibt es natürlich auch ranziges, aber im Durchschnitt schmeckt "originales" wesentlich besser als der Mist der in DE vertrieben wird.
Yeet it into space and wait a couple years, like, 238.000.000.000 of them.
Nah, it's from support employees handing out the wrong gun. This variant is also skinable. Most were removed out of circulation by monitoring the market and asking players to report other players who have one, but now that little orbit took over they stopped doing that.
Manche Leute brauchen es. Viele nicht, aber einige. Ich z.B. würde mir niemals ein Handy unter 400€ kaufen.
Basically take what you want into a raid, reach the other end of the map and extract. Loot and kill everything you see. All traders also offer quests in which you have to do certain things.
I will never forget when I killed three thicc bois with a stockless 10 round semi auto AK, mind playing them because I constantly sprinted all the way through the resort to confuse them and poke headshots from fuck knows where.
It's the roadblock tower near factory zone of customs. Don't bother though, the loot in there if you're lucky is just an AK, a little ammo and a few grenades. Sell it, and the quest you need it later for is completely optional.
Depends on the country. In germany for example, you're not allowed to drive with pushbars, spotlights or lightbars, but you're allowed to use the original police paintjobs.
That's because if you massively overprice something, you'll get massive fees. Though somehow people still buy them at this price.
Done!
Yup, the two generations before the fiat charger are definitely a much better choice. And the challenger.
Mhm.
Theres more than shaking in the video.
That or reserve.
So what's your reason not to use the easiest and better looking way?
Near Field Communication
It's clearly a unfinished feature, and it's the way it is for testing purposes. It's pretty much impossible to get jamming guns with regular gameplay.
Let me guess, you drove it home by laying it down, right?
Not true, I always have a stack or two in my stash, 500k stacks in wallets and a 20k stack in my sicc case. Explain to me why exactly the game pulls money out of my first wallet and sicc case then, please.
I've tried both so far, had money above it most of the time, even right and left of the containers, and today below them. In each of these, I've been robbed sicc cash.
Because you could be using them in traffic and blind others, duhh!! Our regulations are retarded.
I have never ever seen a griefing avenger. Might be because you need two people to use it, and griefers don't have friends.
How to sneak your pistol into school
...in the wall?
I love when people turn on their brights to "see more" when it's snowing, and then complain that they can't see shit.
So much this. Trying to sleep on the plane without a wall/window is a pain in the ass.
Get rammed by carts
Ahh yes, outbreak. The update that allowed cheaters to start teleporting.
It's weird. We hate the game because it is a horrible and lazily made survival game, but we love the game for all the funny shit and bugs that happen. Totally not the reason why I bought the game, but it's why I'm sticking to it.
100% on bags. No one would put a suspension this low on such an expensive car. Only cheap ricers do that.
Deswegen bestehen Sie ja alle auf Ihr 2nd Amendment. Wundert mich schon irgendwie dass das bisher noch niemand so richtig ausgenutzt hat, vor allem jetzt zu den riots.
As of now it's actually still at a very bad state and the game has less content than it did years ago.
That doesn't happen anymore. But walking off of props and other things that make you fall down launches you forward quite fast, which gets you injured or even killed quite often if you don't take care.
Can I borrow your enemies? Mine shoot back
Hide it. Hide it or it's gonna go up in flames!
I really don't understand how you can defend this "remaster". Even though you can't complain much as it's free for people who owned the game anyway.
Sure? Sounds like the first one you unlock.
Oh well, less impressive it is then.
So we can mop up all those loot packages without spending 10 minutes picking them all up one by one.
Game still runs like crap even today.
And the bouncers coming out of the wall. Lazy recycle of the nightclub animation.
That's when you get a payback/revenge kill. Kill the guy that just killed you.
I'm going for it.. I will never use it because it's ugly as fuck, I just want platinum on all my guns lol.
wider spread tho
I struggle to understand how anyone can like the famas. Shit gets outgunned even when your opponent isn't looking at you.
The tracer rounds aren't ammo attachments, you can choose whatever you want, your gun will still be annoying.
Du Explodierer
Still contemplating if it's worth it paying like 12k to import one.
Just how weapons work, nothing wrong. You could hide your body behind corners and shoot through them otherwise.
They're working via auctions or police stations and so on, not really on the private market. Don't wanna import one by myself as that's a shitload of work for which I'd save like 1k. Parts would be mostly those that are available here, model specific ones would be obtained from the us part shops over here, otherwise shipped from the US.
Immer noch eine bessere Liebesgeschichte als Zwielicht.
Es gibt viel zu wenige Sender, und es läuft ausnahmslos überall die selbe Supermarktmusik. Da wo mal ein anderes Genre läuft, tut es das auch nur für ne Stunde oder zwei.
Kannst du USA Sender empfehlen? Hab in Kalifornien einige gute Sender gehört, finde die allerdings nicht wieder :(
Gute Moderation aber ausmahmslos mehrfach am Tag geloopte Supermarktplaylists. Also eher nicht hörbar.
That would be amazing. Though that's gonna be very hard. I've seen one single vic in germany in my life, and the few on sale aren't in good condition, or far away. Not a known car here at all, and the germany community for that car is barely existant, and they're a stick-up-your-ass kind of community that doesn't give any fuck about people without one.
How long do you want your gun? *Yes.*
I love how the bodies yeet when you one shot them up close.
How in the hell does the Origin or the VLK have something in common with the AA-12? Completely different gun.
And they all rely on the others to kill the person that eventually sneaks up to you, and they all die.
I think if I would have temporarily placed that next to my bed, I would never unbox it. Do people even put things inside their nightstands? I have zero use for mine, other than putting shit on top.
I hate when people do these unrealistic recreations of ingame scenarios. That car is supposed to be upside down somewhere at the top of the picture.
This shit didn't even happen in ArmA II In fact, ArmA II had way less bugs, and that says something, since it's a bug riddled game lol.
This shit happens on all kinds of vanilla servers too, let it be empty, half full or full. It's desync when you're in the network bubble of other players as the car tries to sync between you two and the server. Stupid ass server sided vehicle controls, who thought of that?
&gt; I like to hide a treat somewhere and when it's time to end the fun, lead my dog to the treat with the pointer, put the pointer away, and really love on him like he just won a great triumph as he eats his treat. You're such a good boi!
Versteh den Zusammenhang nicht. Auf dem Bild sieht nichts nach Flughafen aus.
Trash loot for alpha packs so people buy more of them because they didn't get something they want.
Nice. Like anybody even looks at charms..
So much this. It's not always about having melon sized butts or tits. I'd rather have good looking "small" tits or butts than giant masses that look way out of proportion unless cheatingly fixed with bras and special pants.
Do the finale glitch and keep repeating it. Easiest cash ever.
1.0 full release. Like two years ago. Finished game guys!
Aw man I'm gonna cry if health regenerates.
Stop calling popular opinions unpopular. But on topic, ARs would be great if you had two bars of armor like in the warm up.
The FPS cap increases to 120 and 144 depending on your screens refresh rate. APB isn't locked to 60.
Meld dich bei neuen Inseraten, am besten bei welchen ohne Bildern. So hab ich meine 450€ 56m² Innenstadtwohnung gefunden, die echt nice ist.
Swap the trucks emblem with the vics and vice versa. Imagine how stupid but funny that'd look lol
That music choice tho..
If you've been playing mw2 and below you'd know that cod always had a gritty theme to it. It only started with Black Ops 2 where stuff got colorful and childish.
In MW2s ending, you drive a boat through a huge ass sea and river and jump down a waterfall, rust is at the base of that waterfall. So not *that* far fetched.
&gt; Thisssss is a 2019
Probably the only problem bartlett had tbh.
Huh, I somehow thought it's because of corona bats.
ABER DÖNER SCHARF IST NICHT MAL SCHARF
I kinda miss when people made game sound music without modifying the sounds afterwards. [This one comes to mind.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVI7SSBl1KA)
Considering the thermal meta on ARs was popular for like two weeks and now everyones running iron sight GRAUs, you don't need cold blooded. And people using thermal scope snipers never hit anyway. EOD against the RPG noobs is where it's at.
War schon in ganz ganz vielen quer durch Deutschland verteilt, habe noch nie einen gegessen der mit scharf war obwohl "mit scharf" drauf war.
22 second clip for something that could be 4
Ja
Holy shit they even stopped doing that? When they started being lazy they at least gave new animations to all the guns.
Not a single time have I been shot going through water, I'm not scared of it anymore. Unless the fucking dishwashers spawn and come towards me.
But is a thing irl.
You hate grau? The most overpowered AR in the game?
Nee, dann ist kalt.
Even on lower pop servers this constantly happens. As soon as you enter a network bubble of a player that isn't from your region you're doomed. Even more so if there's more players around.
Because in those, vehicles are client sided. In DayZ, they're mostly server sided, with a little bit of client side focus. One player and the server usually work fine, but if there's more players, the car tries to sync between all these clients and the server, and goes flying.
Oh my sweet summer child. This game is very well early access. They just stamped 1.0 onto it so steam wouldn't remove it for being in early access too long.
Yes to the last two, but first person doesn't change anything.
What's that got to do with narcism? Changing camera modes doesn't do anything to control the vehicle, let alone when most of the stuff that happens is decided on the server and not on your end.
I do! I tested many things that people say help against desync, this was one of them, and doesn't do anything. Why would it even?
Mostly the different flow between those games, and nostalgia. MW3 started with the downfall of map quality in cod titles.
Offroad tires only change the handling of a very few cars. Doesn't do much to most of them so you could go on and use better looking tires for them.
No, a map. Official map that is.
you missed a z in that link also love you for using the classic map instead of izurvive.
There were a lot of mods for the mod, not expansions as we know it today, but complete overhauls that changed the whole game and gameplay. There were casual easy mods like epoch and overpoch, extreme survival mods where loot was really rare, or wild expansions like origins that added houses, vehicles you could modify, skills you could learn and more. And a LOT of maps like Namalsk, Taviana, Lingor, Takistan, O-ring, Sahrani and many many more. Basically there was everything for everyone, and all of those mod-mods were super populated. There's basically no content in the current DayZ when compared to the mod. Hell the standalone had way more content before they released the engine upgrade, so there's that too.
Looks a little bloated, but other than that, pretty cool.
Right? iZurvive is just in your face and has many icons that don't explain themselves. Being able to click every single building on xam to see what it looks like is the best thing ever.
Modding doesn't always mean cheating. There's a lot of fun things you can do.
Akimbo M19 and Renetti (non-burst) are extremely good secondaries for pushing. I'd also like if you could upgrade the starting pistol, or at least give the lobby different pistols every match, say everyone dropping with a deagle or M19. Stock X16 is hot trash.
Found the troll.
Thanks for not being yet another M4/MP7/MP5 player, really.
TCL is pretty much the only mid range TV you can buy. Solid choice if you can't or don't want to pay the price for high end TVs.
&gt; paying these people to carry them to a win Imagine paying for such an unimportant thing.
I just asked the lobby if someone wanted to help me out, did the 3 killstreak thing in like 20 minutes that way, and let them farm whatever they needed in return.
&gt; programned for maximum rpm usage out of each gear I've always wondered, how do these cars handle if you drive them light-footed or normal, do they shift early or do they max out the rpms until the next gear is needed?
Give him/her some extra pets from me, I can't pet mine anymore :(
That's purely random. You can die by the tiniest hits, or survive extreme crashes. Happens to both you and your car.
:)
if it downloads at all...
How many brain cells do you have left?
# *S U C C*
One of the worst ways to make money.
&gt; but do you really think everyone will know what the Fennec or CR-56 are? If only they wouldn't be cheap shits not wanting to spend money on licensing, so everyone would immediately know what to expect with a vector and a galil.
At least it's a SMG limited to 150 reserve ammo, with an incredibly high fire rate. People won't be able to spam as much as the grau.
Sadly the verdansk version tho
Actually true. Most people don't even touch it, and those rare few who do play it once because it has zero replayability.
More and more seasons means less and less ghosts, only the true ghosts stick to playing ghost now. Release all the singleplayer cash cows, I don't care - I got my ghosty boi.
Look at these fucking loot goblins
Still quite broken. People just don't use it anymore because nerf always means useless.
Should've at least given him the M1911, that's his gun.
Still hate that they went away from steam, greedy shits.
Nope. They've been using that pistol for all executioners with pistols, it doesn't change to your secondary.
Viel zu viel für den Boomerpanzer
Of course he has 3, they keep breaking down so this way he'll always have a running one.
Entire recoil system is missing (magwell is thinner) and the stabilit bar between the magwell and the grip isn't there.
2 tap
If I had nothing else to do I'd actually do that, get some distance, and watch.
As someone that used the GRAU for way too long, it's fucking overpowered and no other AR comes even close to its performance.
Ghost says fuck you too
Traurigerweise unterstützt die Mehrheit von reddit mittlerweile Emojis.
Selbstverständlich.
Unfortunately not.
Yeah but it's bigger and lost a lot of small details. Entraces that were huge gates for trucks and shit are now even more doors.
Missions can very well be for money, if you have premium that is. I'm not saying ramraiding is a bad way to make money, just that there's way better ways to make money.
Only due to corona, it won't be like that forever.
Nein, aber schon länger mit Datenschutz und sonstigem, das eigentlich keiner braucht.
Do you even read anything regarding this game, or do you just play it and assume things?
Look how they massacred my boi
MW2 windows were much bigger and went all the way to the floor of the walkways, and the walls were incredibly easy to shoot through. Also a new rail on the upper catwalk which can block bullets. Going on these was a death sentence in MW2 - going up there in MW2019 is rewarding you.
Ok explodierer
Vielleicht will er ihn ja genau deswegen kurz haben.
PC aint much better.
Way better than 3 lane trash like sawmill
That's a pretty good description of the lie that religions are.
Are there still people wearing over the ankle socks?
This. So many people fail to realize that these shitty vehicle sales and the Mk2 are only a thing to get you to buy shark cards.
Reported a bunch of really obvious bois on warzone, still didn't get a single message like that.
Heavy doubt. Bloc was trash. Pretty sure it's a warzone map, seeing how the previous menu video was verdansk.
With plenty of ways to cut through them, and verticality.
Mafia 1 isn't made by the same studio as the definitive editions.
The faces are nice, but they look more like new characters rather than remastered tommy, paulie and salieri.
Definitely. A furry highschool game is what we all wanted!
Yup. Marzipan doesn't blow up that easily, yet it's highly explosive in every game ever.
Bring back old gulag or give prisoners two armor plates like in the warmup.
I mean, you could at least try to get the faces right. But it seems like they're doing what cod did with modern warfare, just a reboot with the same but different characters.
Still didn't show the end of the tunnel
You can do that in real life too.
Call of call, as featured in escape from tarkov.
This was fixed with Season 4
Fixed with Season 4
Can hear them. At least on your teammates, that's what I've noticed. Absolutely can't hear enemy footsteps anymore though sooo
Right? The fuck is going on there. Walls as doors and carpets on the wall.
I play cod with a couple mates. If we'd met on cod, we'd think the other is insanely retarded for screaming so much, and surely would've never befriended eachother.
High risk high reward. It takes quite some time and you're exposed to the whole map while running up there. Also with the TTK being super fast in MW, you could just kill someone sitting up there when he peeks.
Because it looks better than chrome. But regarding the plasti dip.. yes, why?
I never understood those clamps. You parked in a no-parking area! Let's make sure you stay there!
Kann mir immer noch nicht vorstellen wie das funktionieren soll, wenn das freiwillig ist.
Die Leute demonstrieren gegen Corona, 5G-Türme etc. Viele schaffen es nicht mal ihre Maske beim 15-Miinuten-Einkauf auf der Nase zu lassen. Du glaubst doch nicht dass jeder vernünftig zusammenarbeiten wird.
Steckt halt nicht jeder in der Zeit fest.
Seh ich im Edeka öfters mal. Sag ich dann dem nächsten Mitarbeiter. Die ermahnen die Leute dann und wenn sich jemand nicht dran hält werden die rausgeworfen, ist echt lustig anzusehen.
Wenn die Straße klar ersichtlich ist und sich kein Fahrzeug nähert sehe ich da kein Problem drin.
F, aber warum erzählst du uns das so random?
Implying the MP7 hasn't before.
Gucken dass die Blätter aus Metall sind, und dass der Motor ne gute Leistung hat. Kostet so +50€
Beware of the Mace bundle, the R9-0 only dismembers with slug rounds.
Diese Nüsse.
Should at least set up their aimbot for leg meta then.
House is no longer a house, but a fucking maze villa.
When I found out hes Lester I stopped liking him.
To ensure you watch the killcam, look at the dudes weapon and tell yourself that you really need his skin, and buy it.
That always boggled my mind. You can't yoink one if you didn't grab the one from morellos bar, which is weird cause tommy drove one as a taxi.
You can only play TDM, FFA or rarely S&amp;D. The rest of the lobbies aren't populated.
The Mafia II remaster and Mafia III re-release aren't made by the same people as the Mafia 1 remake, there's still hope.
Uff. Na dann viel Spaß. Erwarte bitte nicht zu viel.
German boomers don't want their house to be seen on the internet. Some of them who live in areas that do have street view even managed to blur out their whole house, sometimes even multiple in a row, making the street view entirely useless in that area lol.
Fahren doch mehrmals jährlich durch die Gegend.
&gt; sowie sein Nummernschild Oh nein mein Nummernschild!! ..wieso haben Leute angst vor ihren Nummernschildern.
Auf Wiedersehen
Persönliche Beratung schön und gut, aber sehr sehr viele Verkäufer vertreten dabei Ihre eigene Meinung. Habe schon genug Leute gesehen die z.B. sagen dass Samsung Smartphones eine gute Preis-Leistung bieten, oder LG Fernseher echt scheiße sind und er sich lieber einen von Telefunken kaufen soll etc. Da ist das Internet und die Meinungen von tatsächlichen Käufern wesentlich Aussagekräftiger.
Kommt aber dazu dass der Onlinehandel wenig bis gar nichts mit Märkten zu tun hat. Vor allem bei der Preisgestaltung weil für den Händler sehr viele Kosten entfallen und der Kunde sein Zeug nicht mehr anschauen oder ausprobieren darf.
Wenn mans genau betrachtet ist der Depressor Mk2 nur dafür da, damit die Leute leichter griefen können. Sprich die ganzen Grinder die eigentlich keine Shark Cards kaufen, werden sauer und kaufen potentiell doch welche weil sie normal nicht an Geld kommen.
Gotta be honest here, even if masses stopped using cars, the environment wouldn't feel much.
Entschuldigung, Ich möchte nur einen Arbeitsplatz bei Steinstern Spiele. Aber danke.
Yes, they are still in the spawn pool. Vehicles are spawned in groups per district, in your case it's either a vegas or a cisco, or a T25 or a Kurai - never both.
Let's not confuse a GT or a Shelby with a base model ecoboost
The grauzone
Try playing when it's evening in EU timezones.
Hunt is just as much of a battle royale game as tarkov.
Higher trim models (GTI, TCR and so on) are usually driven by douchebags over here in germany. Guess that'd transfer over to the US too.
You don't need to do any of that to breathe through a cloth for a couple minutes. Some people don't do that and breathe through the thing for their whole work day. Don't be such a wimp.
Gun models in third person games aren't as detailed as in first person games. Different animations and sounds are a thing, weapon skins with more attention to detail and so on. You can't just copy pasta a gun from TD2.
What even is that sight. Looks like some 2D trash from an old shooter. It's such a long scope but when you ADS it's paper thin. Yet the fucking red dot sight still remains useless to this day with unnecessary thickness.
Yet another iconic map transformed into fucking squares. I'm so done with this game not gonna lie. Sure it wasn't e-sports level balanced, but it was fun. This looks like it's gonna play like every other e-sports oriented map they've thrown out.
Finally, finally players realize this. This shit has started when they made Tower, trying to make a perfectly balanced map for esports and shit, only to turn out it's a fucking maze of random square rooms. I miss all the old maps before they got ~~ruined~~ reworked.
Nuke with every gun, this time the ranger. ...why are you playing the MP5k then?
... und wenn man zockt?
Just like in MW2. Best system there ever was.
BO1 and beyond had 2 maps to vote and vote to skip.
This ruined quickplay for me.
Because sprays disappear over distance. When you meet someone from further away who has been sprayed, you won't see it. Only people who also survived the gulag in a very short timeframe will see the other dudes sprayed body. Anyone that has been on the ground won't.
This yellow, partially white stuff has been appearing for quite a while in my washed clothes now. I don't know if they appear in the washing cycle, or if it's some kind of bug doing it's thing while it's hanging on a drying rack outside close to a tree. Tried many different detergents and pods, stuff still appears. Hard to touch, nearly impossible to remove, basically became one with the fabric. WITT?
Ive looked for it but this stuff is super rare, only ever noticed it when putting away dry laundry. For the tree, don't know what kind it is, but it's a regular tree spread all over the place, nothing exotic or anything. Maybe some bug?
It's scented detergent, but the yellow stuff doesn't smell. I use fluid detergent, no powder or pods. I wash at 140F. My water is very chalky but the stuff didn't appear for years. Cleaned my dispensers thoroughly recently.
It's basically attached to the seams, and only hooks onto seams. Literally impossible to remove that stuff.
I'll give that a try, since its completely random and I do like most of my stuff. I usually only load detergent on hot programs, nothing else.
Not sure yet. Only ever noticed it after drying, never seen any when i toom it out of the machine.
Nope, never chew gum.
Hard doubt unless I sat on one or something, I don't do gum.
Highly doubt it's paper, I always thoroughly check my pockets for any left items. This specific load was only shirts, too, so no pockets where stuff could've been in.
Pollen seems to be the most reasonable answer so far, I also have bees around frequently. I'll further inspect my outside area in a couple hours when it's bright again, will also attach a picture of my tree later in case anyone can identify it and if it's the culprit. Though I haven't noticed more pollen than usual, I've never had this happen the past few years of drying clothes outside for half the year. What's strange to me is that it clumps up like that in just one spot instead of being all over the place. Likely Solved!
I usually just yeet whatever into there. Most of the times it's either shirts only, or everything until it's full. I've always wondered where all the lint came from, now I know it's the towels. Will sort those out from now on and hope to get rid of lint.
Could try that, but it's a hit or miss, since like half of my loads don't get these clumps after drying them.
No, keep it a "secret" for some time to see how she really is. If you bring that up early on it she might be after the money and less after you, gold diggers are very common.
That'd be a trip across half the globe, sorry you can't get your hands on it :(
[More pictures for tree reference.](https://www.reddit.com/r/whatisthisthing/comments/hei5br/this_stuff_keeps_appearing_on_my_clothes_after/fvty0na/)
What are you??
Over here you can buy beer when you're 16. Germany!
Ellie had a lesbian plot way before LGBTQ+ was cool.
Yeah, all the LGBTQ+ stuff in TLoU2 is fine and not a reason to hate the game, but the story writing is just complete trash.
Cheaters* are so rare. I've seen less than a hundred in over 15 years. Really not an issue.
I've tried so many combinations and not once did I make it a viable gun. It's very inconsistent at getting one shot bursts. Easily the worst gun I've played for damascus.
"Crush" und "I kind of like you" ist völlig normal und akzeptabel. Klingt halt besser als auf Deutsch.
Am besten ist es du unternimmst was mit ihr und lädst sie mal ein, dann passiert das schon von alleine. Wenn ihr euch näher kommt kannst du ja den nächsten Schritt wagen.
Du musst ja nicht gezielt flirten. Es reicht für den Anfang erst mal, etwas miteinander zu unternehmen und über random zeug zu reden. Wenn ihr euch beide zum anderen hingezogrn fühlt passiert das ganz von alleine ohne dass du ihr ins Gesicht reiben musst, dass du an ihr interessiert bist.
Wieso? Völlig normaler Umgangston heutzutage.
&gt; sie sagte ja sie will keinen Freund Das kann alles mögliche bedeuten. Schätze du wirst nicht drumrum kommen sie irgendwie zu fragen. Wir kennen sie nicht, ein Zettel kann süß und passend sein, kann aber auch nach hinten los gehen.
Das liest sich sehr beschissen.
Bestell doch einfach welche, weil so ne Größe gibts in der Regel fast nie in Geschäften.
Was?
Tu doch nicht so als ob wir nicht eh alle schon mit Maske unter der Nase oder Kinn einkaufen gehen.
Big warehouse went from a death trap to a fortress. That's why I don't like new scrapyard.
Mit Google Pay o.Ä. sieht die Bank gar nichts, ausser dass du eine Zahlung an Google getätigt hast. Ob das im Playstore oder im LIDL war können die nicht sehen.
Actually not a bad map if you play Hardpoint or HQ.
If they can't keep track of the ingame system, they certainly can't track this MANUAL thing. Why the fuck would anyone ever need this is beyond me.
That's a fucking cake walk, only the launchers will be troublesome.
This dude doesn't even check if it can actually drop where he throws the marker, do you really expect THAT from him?
I know right? But by the time they do, they're no longer babies so that's stupid.
Everything is cheap if you play trios. Money balance is whack.
Aight, for those curious, I'm gonna go ahead and call this one SOLVED! It's extremely likely to be pollen, carried by bees who drink water out of the seams of the clothes, since I have both of those in my area. I've ran three more loads, dried two inside, one outside - the outside one got the stuff again. There's also loads of yellow and white particles outside resting on basically everything I've got outside. I also thoroughly cleaned and inspected my washing machine, it's fine. Would've surprised me because it's brand new.
What the fuck, no. Why would it?
What game are you playing that there's green smoke?
Hat bisher überall funktioniert, sogar an irgendwelchen Kiosks. Deine Daten kannst du heutzutage eh nicht mehr verstecken.
Meanwhile germany has like 10% coverage with footage from 10 years ago.
Karen hair
So Schlimm ist das nicht. Man spürt eh nichts ausser wie sich der ganze Kopf bewegt, wenn sie die Zähne ziehen. Wenn man empfindlich gegenüber Sägegeräuschen und Zähnezerbrechgeräusche hat ist das natürlich nachvollziehbar. Hab 2 ziehen lassen, und später noch mal 2, hab mich richtig auf den zweiten Termin gefreut, durfte sogar mit Kamera und TV vor mir zuschauen :D
Why Do You Type Like That?
&gt; du scheinst da eine wirklich außerordentliche Toleranz zu haben. Ja, wobei ich mir wünschte dass die nicht so extrem wäre, das macht es extrem schwer eigene Verletzungen einzuschätzen. Hatte da schon ein paar Dinge bei denen ich mir lieber ärztlichen Rat gesucht hätte.
Who the hell turns off generators? There's money to be made!
How can you waste fuel if the generator needs to be running for bitcoins and other crafts?
Alter...
The few pay to win guns that existed were nerfed shortly after their release. As of now there aren't any. The only true pay2win feature that stayed permanently was cooldowns for upgrades like nitro or field supplier, but that one is removed now. You can also get every single cash gun for free (via joker tickets) now, so there's that. The only "pay2win" thing left in the game is faster contact progression and you earn more money per missions.
It won't. Why? Because GTA Online and APB are extremely different games that can't be compared at all.
Both do. But in both games it's rare to run across a cheater, and if you do, you can just avoid them.
oof is usually used in a disrespectful way where you acknowledge something bad happened but don't really care. the big in front of it makes it even worse.
&gt; and he was ok after the hit Still an animal though, animals tend to run away from situations they can't win, and usually suffer injuries or even die somewhere in the woods or a field when the adrenaline wears down.
Ich geh einfach nicht mehr an die Tür. Wenn bekannte kommen weiß ich das eh.
&gt; ein Portal zur Hohlerde den sie extra für dich geöffnet haben. Dies- Dieses Loch wurde für mich gemacht.
Grau I can agree on. Mouse and keyboard? No. Don't shit on him because he prefers another system.
Frag mich echt ob sich Tesla noch lohnt, die sind ja erst kurz auf 800 gesprungen. Ob das wieder fällt, oder sogar steigt?
Miss me with that trash pistol (x16 btw, not 17) Give us any pistol but not that weak pea shooter.
Wann geben die ihrr Q2 Zahlen raus? War das nich der 7.7.?
You sweat in trypophobia patterns. You're welcome.
STOP TRIGGERING MY OCD!!!!! ^^^^/s
Noooo, please don't do that. The suicide doors are a huge part of those cars. This just seems like laziness so they don't have to create new animations for the rear doors (and front doors on some cars). I really hope they fix this, because if they miss this rather important detail, I'm sure a LOT of the smaller details mafia had will be left out or forgotten.
What use is that when you can't customize it?
So slow though
People really sleep on the PKM.
Good guy oregon
I've only ever played this game in german, and for the most part, has incredibly good dubs, even today. Listening to the english dubbing in videos makes me cringe.
Nitro is already a rather weak gun, I don't know why they still keep its iron sights.
For like three meters
Tell that to the two hitmarkers I've got at around 20 meters
Yes, doesn't penetrate them. 2 thermite rounds couldn't take care of them either which is weird.
