How long have you been on hrt? I've heard of someone taking 6 years to consistently pass (and fyi, that's true of trans women and trans men also; everything can change in six months, or it can take six years). But the vast majority of us took the chance we'd be visibly trans forever, and the vast majority of those eventually blend in and look perfectly boring. Sorry, you don't get to avoid risk, and transitioning is often a crappy slog through far too gradual improvement of an agonizingly painful condition. But that's your situation. If you'd rather die, you control your fate utterly. If you want to live, you take your chances.
I'm visibly gender-conforming as a woman because things like long hair and dresses please me just fine, and because in 2018, shit like wanting equal pay and safety and a government that gives a crap about women's rights is no longer considered gender non-conforming. I'm not really any more or less gender conforming than the rest of my give-no-fucks friends, though. We're millennials. Most of our time is spent trying to figure out how to survive and maybe stop the world from burning.
I know real radical feminists who don't need to beat up on trans people because they're focused on society's actual power structures.
Why would a man be any more comfortable being called ugly than a woman? I'm a woman, but I can't imagine it feels like something you should just accept, and it's cruel that you've been made to feel this way.
At least 0.6%, according to more recent estimates.
Tolerance is great. As long as there's an enforced minimum of civilized behavior. Which generally requires legislation.
Bonus: it's the closest to being literally accurate.
Yes. I've been thinking, "oh, one of these again" more often than usual lately. It's tiresome.
OP has a history of saying questionable things about trans men. I'm not convinced she's doing so maliciously, but it's not like this has never been an issue. I don't want trans women getting shit on, and I've pushed back hard when that has happened. But I also don't want trans men getting mistreated, and how exactly should men process statements like this? It's hard being trans, and grass-is-greener-ism doesn't help anyone but does result in harm and strife. Trans women need to push back on this kind of thing, just as trans men would need to push back if a man, no matter whether he's simply hurting, spreads disinformation about trans women.
I said exactly what I meant to say.
The heck does gay look like?
Why?
This is the kind of "I told you so" I enjoy, though. :)
The fact that I transitioned years ago and I feel great about it.
I don't find much value in those terms.
Incorrect. Trans males need care appropriate for trans male bodies, not for cis female bodies, which can involve some fairly dramatic differences in some areas and some major similarities in others, and the longer he lives on T, the more true this is.
I've been through that too, and supported friends in the same place. Most cis people aren't really capable of understanding that it's not like plastic surgery addiction or whatever, it's like taking off a fucked up subdermal bone mask that is hiding your face and altering your expressions. I used to have a brow shape that caused everyone to talk of my brooding expressions and evil stares. Now I can look happy when I'm happy instead of looking like a triumphant supervillain. :P It's corrective surgery on the most powerful communication device in your body.
Not even remotely. Integumentary system? Structurally different between sexes, needs different care, has different vulnerabilities. Male and female skin have some not so subtle hormone driven differences. Circulatory system? Heart disease, blood clotting, bruising, all trend distinctly differently between male and female, all driven by hormones. And so on. Freaking *sense of smell* has sexually dimorphic trends driven by hormones; muscle composition has sexually dimorphic trends driven by hormones; the behavior of fat cells has sexually dimorphic trends driven by hormones. The "male as default" historical assumption of the medical community led to a lot of problems when doctors assumed that bodies running on estrogen basically worked identically to bodies running on testosterone except for the reproductive system.
If someone thinks my tits are fantastic until he hears I'm a sinister shapeshifting witch, that doesn't make my tits unfantastic, it means he's not all right with sinister shapeshifting witches. Same deal here. *Salmacis laughs shrilly and flies off on a broomstick.*
If six women had spoken one after another, and three were trans, it's very unlikely that the three cis women's experiences would be most like your own and the three trans women's least like your own. At risk of sounding indelicate, beware extrapolation from a single visibly trans woman early in her transition whose interest may well be being-accepted-as-a-fellow-human-at-all to a reified trans woman's experience. It's been years since I've needed to worry about strangers even knowing I'm trans, and day to day, being patronized by idiots without a tenth of my capability is a far bigger problem. Don't construct mutually exclusive spheres for trans women's experience and cis women's experience, and if you're making large scale assumptions about trans women's socialization, realize that they may be of limited accuracy.
I've interacted with a number of vaginas, and I imagine I can be forgiven for thinking I know what they look like. :) Fully healed modern results look pretty fucking great, and as with all things trans, confirmation bias and despair have created a class of woeful permanent mourners who are convinced that the mark of Cain indelibly brands all trans women.
You don't need a victim complex to think cis people are often dangerous to trans people. Why do you think I'm stealth at work and to everyone but the people I personally know and trust?
Agreed entirely. It's pretty useful, and I've had some really interesting conversations once people learned enough to ask smart questions I'd not really considered.
:D thanks!
You're approaching this from the wrong direction because you're missing key information, and it's pretty obvious what model you are using: the sex/gender dichotomy originally promulgated by John Money, which does a decent job of explaining cis experiences but is far too reductionist to explain trans experiences. Be aware that even Stoller's sex/gender/gender identity trichotomy, with all its flaws, is a better model than the one you're using, and that a model that accurately modeled trans experiences would need to go a step further; my preferred model breaks up what you call "sex" into its genetic, endocrine, phenotypical, genital, gonadal, reproductive, and neurological components, and breaks up what you call "gender" into gender roles, gender expression, and gendered subject position. What a trans person is talking about when they say gender is their gendered subject position, not gender roles or gender expression. Your references to race and personality only seem pertinent to you because you're conflating gendered subject position with gender roles and gender expression.
You're not talking about an experiential difference so much as a reified one, though: you have a concept of what it's like to grow up female that's not actually going to describe everyone you'd consider cis. Lots of your experiences will of course differ from those of any given woman, including any given cis woman, but in many cases, the differences will not be the ones you expect, and neither will the similarities; so I'm not convinced it's a useful conceptual dichotomy except in the vaguest and most tentative, qualified version. And "trivially true" just means that there's obviously a sense in which the idea is an accurate depiction of some aspect of reality, but that I'm not granting it's focused on the most important or useful aspects; there can be accuracy without paramount significance. I think the phrase sounds less kind than I wanted, but I meant it in a fairly restricted sense: that obviously you weren't born with all the usual hardware installed, but that this may not be such an important point that it's worth assigning a type distinction to it.
I'm not sure why it's difficult to distinguish between your own experiences, which you describe as male socialization, and others' experiences that may be highly dissimilar, which they do not want described in those terms because those terms are just plain inaccurate.
Right, but I'm saying I think a lot of the push back on people even saying that to talk about their own experiences probably comes from the fact that, well, see the thread: lots of people are making blanket statements about other people's socialization, and the more interesting conversation that could be had is easily derailed into two groups of people trying to preserve the right to talk about fundamental parts of their experiences in terms that make sense. Given the larger culture loves to see trans people in ASAB terms, it's not surprising a trans forum will overcorrect in the other direction.
And yes--quite a few analogous experiences. And a few horrors I think are peculiar to a trans girl growing up in hiding, like a bunch of boys you're trying to make friends with suddenly hit the age where they're talking about a girl you know like she's a piece of medium-rare steak, and you're simultaneously 1) "oh my god, how can they talk like this, this is a nightmare, please let me hide so they can't see I'm scared of them now," 2) "they will never talk about me that way (and on one level that means I'm safe, and on another level that means I'm broken and ugly and unwanted)," and 3) "because I was here and heard this, I'm not innocent anymore and I've been tainted with their crime, and now how can I look any other girl in the eyes ever again?"
I mean, I'm offering a detailed analysis of my socialization because it's interesting, but the social side of things was always very secondary to the physical; my body was just like a fucked up puzzle since as early as I can remember, and I basically transitioned as soon as I realized it was possible to meaningfully address my discomfort with modern medicine and had the financial independence to do so without fear of homelessness. I first read about genital surgery at about age 13. The coverage at the time was so unrelentingly negative that it was kinda horrible to realize that I was definitely going to go through what at the time was presented as a horrific rite of passage. But I was in my twenties before I realized that the testosterone in my body could be taken away and replaced with estrogen, and that it would meaningfully alter practically every aspect of my body, and also before I realized that the horrible warping of my face in my teens could be undone through hormones and surgery. I'd kind of written myself off before then; I thought my life would be a permanent increase of discomfort until one day I died. Then I ended all that. And on estrogen I rapidly felt a physiological change to how my emotions handled that's too subtle to put into words; the closest I can get to that is to say that the colors came back and suddenly I felt like the same person I used to be as a child, back from the dead. As my body shapeshifted into a shape more comfortable to me, there was a torrent of relief from pains I had felt for so long I had forgotten they hurt; imagine a crushed limb getting blood flow again. I recall looking at my hands, and realizing that they no longer looked like a man's hands. The hair had vanished from them, the veins had sunk back into the skin, and they just looked normal again. My sense of smell came back. I got lots of random bruises for no reason because my skin was thinner and more delicate, and I could fully feel in all the places that had long felt numbed. The awe and wonder faded quickly into normality, but I can't imagine ever going back to testosterone. It would be literal torture. It's a very good hormone for about half of humanity, but I need very low levels of T to feel normal. I don't know. I think until the moment I decided to transition, the main thing holding me back was the feeling that one day I'd just randomly wake up in a correctly configured body, that my virilized body was a weird nightmare that had to eventually dissipate on its own. And despair--realizing that left to its own devices, my body would just keep virilizing endlessly--set me free. The social side of transition was mostly "oh, now that my body is moving in the right direction, I don't have to pretend to be a boy anymore. People will actually be able to see who I am, and some will be shitty, and some will be worthy, and no matter what, at least there won't be a case of mistaken identity happening anymore." On the sexual side of things, I mean ... I kinda expected to wake up from my nightmare for a long time. Boys always treated me like a tomboy more or less when I was small and my body wasn't virilized; I didn't really connect the dots and think that being attracted to them was gay. I thought it was doomed because I was ugly, not because my body was male, and I genuinely did not expect my body to grow up along male lines. It was girls I was really scared of expressing interest in, because that would be gay and shocking and weird and shameful. :P then my body changed and the boys who were attracted to me were attracted *to the nightmare beast body*, as I perceived it, and I lost interest in men and honestly felt abandoned, like when I was most in need I was also invisible.
Literally just talked about this with my girlfriend half an hour ago. I think there's no reason to heavily heavily gender any kid--they'll let you know what they like and what they want when they're old enough--but also no need to raise them gender neutral, just to make them feel very safe to let you know if they would rather be seen and treated another way.
^ this 100%.
Real data isn't hard to come by. The most recent ncte survey, the largest survey of at least the American trans population, shows equal numbers trans men and trans women. If you're not seeing much about trans men, realize that might be because society is excessively and pruriently concerned with trans women.
I'm sorry that's been your experience, but it hasn't been mine. I've trusted people with my life before, put myself entirely in their hands. Once I was burned by that, and I still bear the scars; but seven times I was saved, and still bear the knowledge that I have sisters and brothers who will never let me be destroyed. If I had a button that would eliminate the most vicious fifth of humanity, and another that would make me and my loved ones immortal, I would push them both and live in paradise forever. On a practical level, isolation and distrust of others is a good way to die if you're a member of a social species like humans. For solitary perfection, you should reroll as a shark. But then humans will probably turn you into fin soup.
No? :P If we were to sever your left arm right now, chances are pretty good you'd experience a phantom limb. That's because your brain has proprioceptive "maps" of your body. If a cis man has a medical penectomy, about 2/3 of the time he experiences persistent phantom penis--which is also commonly reported in pre-op trans men, but not in post-op trans women. This is an extremely well-attested phenomenon, though I'll have to do some digging in my bibliography to find the source that compares post-op trans women and post-penectomy cis men. The cortical homunculus, as silly as its name is, is just a term for the brain's body map. The reason it feels fucking weird to be a pre-op trans woman isn't that society says women have vaginas, it's that pre-op trans women are typically neurologically wired for vaginas.
It might, however, be a persistent *experience* of that nothingness, rather than an absence of experience.
You are correct.
Thanks, had no idea.
It's pretty hard to avoid super-prolific posters in a fairly small set of online communities. If you want attention, I'll just give it to you for free. :P
1. The smile of amusement 2. The smile of pleasure 3. The smile of knowing that all is meaningless and life is an absurdist comedy 4. The grim smile of being proven right 5. The smile of contempt; "bless your heart" 6. The smile of ascendant power 7. The smile of seeing beauty 8. The smile of seeing sublimity 9. The battle-grin 10. The smile of floating wisdom, when you glimpse the synchronicity of things and feel reality bending 11. The fool's smile, also known as the six-bowls-deep smile and the vegetable smile 12. The sad smile of knowing all beauty fades and all sorrow passes 13. The wan smile of depression comforted; they're trying, and you appreciate the effort, and it helps a tiny bit, but you are still buried under fifteen hundred pounds of rocks 14. The mazekeeper's smile: everything is proceeding as you have foreseen, and it's almost too easy; quirked but not crooked 15. The smile of kinship, when you know another and your minds touch and you can lift them out of harm's way 16. The lopsided smile of being in on the joke but not in control of it, distinct from 14 but related 17. The scrunched-up play-grin These are all distinct, and I have seen them all and at various times smiled them all. One can also hybridize almost all of them, though 9 and 12 don't play nicely together.
Not after initial recovery, no. It's not a wound you're forcing open, despite all the disinformation spread as gospel by TERFs, conservatives, and scared early transition people. It's a vagina. As long as you make sure it heals properly in the first place, it's going to do all the usual vagina things. And with American surgeons, incision placement these days is in the crease of the thigh, and after a couple years tends to become pretty hard to see, or entirely invisible. (Side note: if you hear people saying American surgeons don't produce good results, that runs counter to my experience.)
I'm looking back on transition several years in the rearview mirror. Granted, I was lucky in many ways, but I have friends who weren't, and in almost all cases, transition isn't the hardest thing we've ever done, just ... a lot to deal with for a while. It could be partly a function of age at transition among my trans friends (18-early thirties, roughly), though, and the fact that my friends skew highly educated (resources), white (not having to deal with racism), emotionally intelligent (able to process the fucked-up-ness of growing up trans in a transphobic society, and able to make close friends, helping with the minority stress), and binary (in many ways nonbinary transition seems a lot harder to navigate).
There are lots of men on this subreddit. When the subject of orgasms comes up, we get a pretty good cross section of the community talking about our experiences. It's not super surprising that men prefer androgenic and women prefer estrogenic orgasms. And there's some overlap. Not everyone reports big changes. However, I certainly found that my sex life after transition had almost nothing in common with before, and it's infinitely better.
Try asktransgender, though. It's a trans support and questions sub with 40k subscribers.
Only sharing my experience; your life, I'll say it again, is your business to work out for yourself; but I didn't "feel like a woman" when I had a male body. I felt like my body was male and I didn't care for it. It took fixing my body--and feeling incredibly right as a result--to integrate myself as a person and realize that I hadn't been insane as a child when I realized I was a girl, and that all the doubt had been mental armor to shield me from the pain of not having what I needed. Sterility bothers me. I wish I could have a baby under my own power, as it were. But lots of women are sterile. It's a thing people have to deal with sometimes. If you're planning on being a father, of course, your calculus may be different, but I always found the idea of some other woman having my baby instead of me pretty upsetting, so that was never going to happen. And I've never been happier. Transition did have some tough moments and months and even years, but it was more than worth it. It showed me that I can do pretty much freaking anything.
If you want someone to tell you what to think, I can do that, but it's better to learn how to think effectively. Lesson one: framing matters, and what you accept to be true without argument controls what you will accept in an argument.
Here's my reality: I delayed transitioning for a long time, but when I went for it, I planned, I worked out in advance what I needed to do, I was relatively seldom blindsided and usually a couple steps ahead of everyone around me, and it turned out pretty much fine. Be smart, canny, driven, and kind to others, and you'll generally not find being trans all that bad. Depression and anxiety can make that harder--so compensate for those if you have them.
Dysphoria. :P obviously. :P I don't know if I care for your sorry-not-sorry apology to the community. Men want to be men; women want to be women; that's it.
You may be misquoting your own source there, as "pre-T FTM" would unambiguously mean a hormonal environment more or less equivalent to a cis female, and would distinctly indicate pre-HRT. I assume the source says "post-T FTM"?
I'm a pre op trans woman. If the fact that I have a dick for another 6-18 months is what makes me attractive to you, keep walking, you know? Cause there's a line, and I'm more interested in people who are drawn to my shiny crafty mind, my face with its infinite panoply of expression, my figure and posture, my heart which has been weighed and is lighter than Ma'at's feather, or even my spectacular boobs I grew all by myself through the miracle of medicine. There's nothing morally wrong with liking my dick, I guess, but it's not long for this world, and until then it languishes in obscure infamy, without friends or mourners, as per the sentence decreed by Rhadamanthys long ago.
I believe there are indeed estrogen inhibitors that specifically block breast growth, but I don't know the details.
You're cute.
Sorry pal, with a good surgeon those scars fade away and become invisible after a few years.
Hormones are the thing that make human bodies sexually dimorphic. pre-HRT, I looked like a man, and a fairly manly one. After about a year I was pretty obviously female. A number of years later, I'd indeed have a hard time trying to convince anyone I'm male.
Healthy sex drive: wanting sex. Not objectifying women: whether you want to fuck me or don't want to fuck me, treating me like a normal human being. Our interactions shouldn't be *about* your desire to fuck me or your disinterest in fucking me unless we met at a sex club or something.
Oh! Well, then, you want to account for a lot of "genders," if that's how it works. For example, cis females and trans males have very very different medical needs thanks to the huge biological differences between a body running on estrogen and a body running on testosterone, even if both bodies were born with similar genitals. This is taught in med school under special populations training, haven't you heard?
Anyone whose vote was bought so cheaply should be far more discerning in the future, because they were cheated.
How dare you out-tall me? I demand a height upgrade.
It took a while to grow into it. Now I assume it is my due, and am simply pleased.
Really well! And you?
I went back to work at 12 days. It was rough. Like, if it hadn't just been the one evening I couldn't have done it. I resumed normal work at 3 weeks, felt like a human being again kinda by 5. Tbh a month is pretty reasonable, though you may still look kinda puffy. Just say you had your wisdom teeth out, and when you heal up hotter, cool.
Glancing over the maybe-trans subtext here, how old do you think is too old to transition, anyway?
"pharmaceuticals" = bioidentical hormones. The exact molecules your body should be producing.
I'm super tall. I rather enjoy towering over mere hobbits.
6'2. Used to be taller!
Oh yeah. Thinner, much more sensitive skin, and my sense of smell got much stronger. Taking out the trash was a real chore for a while one summer, to my great surprise.
Totally true. I guess I'd argue that keeping everyone healthy is in everyone's mutual interest and the fact that it's not obvious to people is a symptom of a kind of sociopathic strain in our collective culture, but I absolutely agree.
While plenty of people I know have unrealistically poor body image, I want to push back on this a bit. When I told my friends I was getting ffs several years ago, quite a few told me I didn't need it. I blended in, people thought they liked the way I looked, etc--but my face didn't work the way I wanted, and the virilized features on my skull actually distorted my facial expressions. Other people didn't really seem to realize it, but I did. And the quality of life improvements I got from ffs were insane. I don't think I'd have the relatively good body image I have now if I hadn't been able to correct a problem that others mostly couldn't see that had nevertheless bothered me for years.
Alas, that's a common problem. Nuance requires a very careful and sustained effort to maintain perspective and maintain doubt, and that can be scary, I guess.
Not being outed constantly. For the couple months I was blending in normally but had my old ID, I lived in fear of showing it, especially to police, a fear borne out when I was pulled over, greeted politely, handed over my ID--and his eyes widened with what looked like anger, at which point he promptly sirred the hell out of me while writing two bullshit tickets instead of one.
What does it feel like to be human? Because I'm 99.9999% sure I'm human, though it's always *possible* I speciated into something shiny and new.
I prefer it to dissection, but I'm not that curious.
Kinda depends on context, but it's not like transphobic people are that good at hiding it.
Well, for most of recent history, most trans people couldn't transition, so it's really a matter of how much suffering you want to undergo to avoid transitioning. I imagine the past is littered with the painful, blighted lives of millions of trans people who thought they were entirely alone. And even then, we see a lot of examples of people taking extraordinary risks for far less effective transition than we have today.
That's a very selective history of empires, leaving out everything else one could question about your thesis. I think it's maybe questionable to make grand theories of empire that don't hold valid for, say, the Roman empire (unless a five-hundred-to-one-thousand-depending-how-you-measure-it run is too mediocre for you), or the Ottomans, or the Mughals, or the Habsburg empire, etc. Nor is it really axiomatic that past predicts future in a simple empires-break-up-into-nation-states way. Nation-states are arguably an artifact of a very specific moment in history, largely due to limited communication technology and the effectiveness of huge conscript armies for half a historical minute. The future probably doesn't even play out on the same set of axes.
"emasculation" sounds kinda weird. I don't think it's possible for a woman to be emasculated, you know? So it gives the impression of some kind of kink.
I don't know how useful such a broad concept of dysphoria is, since in that case it locates within the individual, and pathologizes, what seems like a perfectly healthy desire for society to be less coercive, less constraining, and less narrow in its system of gender roles and expectations, whereas by contrast a dysphoria that can only be treated by altering the individual seems to me a fundamentally different thing, and perfectly worth pathologizing: one makes me an activist for a more free society, and the other could have killed me unless I treated it as a medical problem and transitioned, and I'm not even sure the two things overlap.
That name has been dead for years. If someone uses it to refer to me, they're essentially using a broken link. Plus, I never liked that name, so I'm quite happy to let people know it's a corpse. (I never liked your spinach puffs! Never!)
If we're grounding analysis in the conceptual structure of the time, then he's saying women are inferior and should become men. I don't see how this *could* be commentary on trans women, especially as, in the conceptual framework of the time, a trans woman would have been seen as a man becoming a woman and thus inferior/more sinful.
Trans children often are aware of their gender around the same time cis children are. Sexual orientation can take a bit longer to be clear.
No.
No.
1. What exactly are you talking about when you confidently assert the underlying reality of a sex/gender dichotomy? The word gender is used to refer to at least four things, sex to see least six or seven, and those things are not obligated to line up consistently in ways that make such a dichotomy meaningful. If one is concerned about underlying material reality and not just our maps and models created to explain it, then trans women cannot be called male in any straightforward across-the-board way; their bodies will contain substantial typically female traits and some typically male. Either way, the "male woman" framing is inappropriate and misleading. 2. If the word translated man in the text were, say, *aner*, and the word translated male were, say, *andros* -- the nominative and genitive forms of the word that means man -- then it would be pretty clear no one in the text intends a dichotomy, and it would indicate something like "I will make her male so she becomes a male like you." 3. If you're saying trans women have female souls, and in the passage Christ is proposing to make her soul male, then this is about spiritual conversion therapy which would turn a cis woman (female body, female soul) into an untransitioned trans man. I simply don't see the connection to me (trans female body, female soul, no spiritual conversion therapy needed).
And this is the comment I was referencing. &gt; No, Mary does not merge with maleness. This is not about male merging with female because Jesus specifically says woman not female here.
It's pretty useful to break down "biological sex" into its component parts. The majority of men are 46XY, run on testosterone, have penises and testes, generally possess male sexual dimorphism for most secondary sex attributes, produce the smaller gamete, have a male neurological sex, have typically male medical needs, and so on, but many men vary from that norm in one or more dimensions, and pointing that out is often useful. It seems a little silly, for instance, to assert that someone is female if he has all the typically male traits on that list except for the reproductive capacity and the karyotype. From there it's a Theseus' ship argument.
Hi, trans woman here, what would the concern be?
There shouldn't be a mental health code for being trans because it's fundamentally not a mental health issue, though it can cause major mental health issues if left untreated. Instead--and this is in the works, I believe--the underlying mismatch between neurological sex and assigned sex should be given a medical code. The treatment is physical, with mental health treatment only as needed for mental health complications that arise from it, similar to adjustment disorders in other taxing circumstances; so if the diagnosis is also physical, it will be more appropriate, and will serve the same insurance and healthcare purposes.
Well, it's always possible. Men fetishize pre-op trans women for a lot of different reasons, which can range from being straight but dick-mad to thinking trans women have low self-esteem and are submissive to repressed transness; I think the most original I heard was the guy who liked beautiful women who used to be "ugly" and saw trans women as the most extreme form of that. With a porn preference it's hard to tell unless you ask him. That said, it doesn't have to mean much of anything at all, especially outside the context of porn. A dear friend of mine is now happily married to a perfectly ordinary straight guy who met her, thought she was pretty and cool, and fell in love; in the abstract, he prefers vaginas, but most of life and relationships isn't about genitals, surgery is very expensive and has to wait for later, and it wasn't that big a deal. I'm not sure if this will really reassure you, but another thing -- porn representation of trans women is even less realistic than of cis women, and the kinds of things you'd see in trans porn really aren't that possible, so it's not like a real-life trans woman would really be able to satisfy those fantasies either.
Hard to say, honestly. Most trans women want to know that you're attracted to our womanhood specifically.
In practice, I didn't notice a difference, and I know my way around vaginas. :P
... or maybe she wanted to tell her story without getting swarmed by angry trolls and fans of the person who did it. Much of the power of MeToo consists of telling other survivors they're not alone. I'm not sure what gives you the right to decide someone's opening up about her sexual assault all wrong and is the wrong kind of survivor.
If your testosterone levels are undetectably low, you may need a bit more. Also, progesterone can be helpful sometimes, anecdotally.
Sorry, I was unclear. What I meant was that in the aggregate I wouldn't be surprised if nontransitioning trans people lead much shorter lives than transitioning ones (stress of the closet, negative coping behaviors, detachment causing disinterest in maintaining health, even general hopelessness). and thus I wouldn't be surprised if it's not an apples to apples comparison to compare cis female lifespan with transitioning trans male lifespan to find out how much lifespan might be lost on average, because nontransitioning men might not live as long as cis women to begin with. The expressed uncertainty is because I'm not aware of cohort studies on trans lifespan for transitioners vs nontransitioners; the clumsy wording is all me.
Transgender women aren't male, which is probably why straight men are interested and gay men aren't. I think a lot of people are in fact more bisexual than they'll admit and that for many people there aren't simple, clear boundaries, but trans women aren't the best example to prove it.
I started at 28. I lost 2 inches of height (76" to 74") and several shoe sizes (men's 13 to women's 12, which is equivalent to men's 10). I was not expecting nor especially hoping for these things (in my mind, as in ancient Egyptian art, size=importance) and was surprised to notice the change.
I started a witch cult. Just gotta figure out tax exempt status.
I'm not freaking Cain. I don't feel burdened. Honestly, I feel like I'm better than most people, and I enjoy that. Adversity has been good for me, and I wouldn't trade the experience of me for the world. Do I hope that the story of my life contains cool science fiction and a uterus? Sure, that would be very nice. But I don't want anyone else's life, and my condition has been part of that.
How high do you posit the trans population being? Do you think it's that much higher than 1%? Because it would kind of have to be, given transitioners are already over 0.6% and do report worsening dysphoria with age.
I'm not a gay man, but I'm gonna take a wild guess it's "being men."
Time, hormones, ffs, taking good care of myself, all the boring work of transition, and a hefty dose of not feeling inferior to anyone.
Thank you. I put it off a long time out of fear, and even that came in handy in some ways, because I didn't entirely waste the time before; I learned a lot about managing my own mind, and a fair bit about how to transition the way I wanted.
Gosh, I must crush him soon.
There's always solitary in a women's prison. I don't like the idea of anything setting a precedent that trans women, even if they're truly horrible people, should be lumped in with men.
Sorry, not really interested. I hope you find a solution to your issues. I am certainly pleased to have found a solution to mine. :) They weren't all that complicated, and the solution has been far more effective than I expected.
Could you deconstruct that come back and explain it for my sleepy mind? It sounds like it's clever, but I don't follow.
She/her. It's so hard and complicated that everyone just does it automatically.
Most trolls lack precision of thought. This makes them vulnerable to being accidentally hilarious. It's an evolved trait that keeps them from being killed by annoyed people, a sort of protective camouflage of incompetence.
You don't think we're resisting? :P we're literally one of his targets, maybe you've noticed.
What exactly do you think we're not doing?
Yes, sex hormones affect protein synthesis in cells; that's why sexually dimorphic bodies happen on the macro level, because hormones affect gene expression in the cell.
What makes you so special you know you're going to be visibly trans forever? When I transitioned, I was 28, 6'4, 220 lbs, and very visibly masculine. I had a baritone. I had chest and back hair. Multiple people told me I'd make a very ugly woman. All those things are no longer true. So what makes you so special? How do you possess such certainty? Again, I don't care what becomes of your life. But I know beautiful, cis- passing women (not the same thing, but they're both) who took upwards of 5 years to stop being visibly trans.
If you could be treated according to solely male gender roles forever, but the price was you'd be permanently seen and embodied as female, would you prefer that to your present course? If not, you have a pretty unambiguous answer.
Baptist Church. If they try to recruit you for a Bible study, you're good.
Hey, I'm bisexual. Lots of people are. I assume you're saying you are too. But some people are straight, and some people are gay. You and I might not feel that way, but we really shouldn't judge straight people, should we?
Thank you. I'm tight with Neith, but respect to Odin, he seems pretty chill.
How is it an objectively inferior existence? I missed the memo on objective criteria for how much human lives are worth, but I wouldn't want to be anyone else. All the love in the world and stuff to People Who Are Not Me, but 50 years of fertility is *sub*jectively worth way way less to me than my mind and my body, both of which I'm rather attached to.
Personally, I wouldn't alter my life; I would alter society.
It's definitely the way. Nobody, cis or trans, should be harassed, and whether it's a boss calling his cis male employees girls if he finds out they're bi or, I dunno, like flowers, or a coworker calling her trans male employee a girl as a form of abuse, it's worth sanctioning that kind of behavior, because if people can't show each other that basic level of decency, they're going to do a lot worse to each other over time.
Somehow I don't think you've got a lot of experience dating as a straight trans woman, finding healthy ways of coping with childhood and adolescent trauma, or making friends either as a stealth or as an out trans woman, but don't let a little thing like that stop you from knowing everything. Most people who transition end up doing fine. [This has been measured consistently over dozens of studies](http://whatweknow.inequality.cornell.edu/topics/lgbt-equality/what-does-the-scholarly-research-say-about-the-well-being-of-transgender-people/). You can curse your fate without claiming that trans lives *must be hell* just because you're convinced yours inevitably must be.
If such a god existed, I'd be morally obligated to oppose him. Injustice is evil no matter how powerful it is; behavior that's unacceptable in a human-scale bully wouldn't suddenly become Truth and Justice just because the bully was given incredible cosmic powers. So I would say, "I will try to forgive you, poor creature, but every atom of me opposes you."
Because they've been told things are always one way and they resent being forced to update their mental model of the world? Because people they trust told them so long ago?
I think you should probably deal with your own shit by yourself without trying to drag anyone else down. Posting this again, as I'll proceed to do whenever you post this kind of genocidal bullshit when your problem is yourself: [strong evidence that transition dramatically improves trans people's lives, particularly where they're accepted by family and society](https://whatweknow.inequality.cornell.edu/topics/lgbt-equality/what-does-the-scholarly-research-say-about-the-well-being-of-transgender-people/).
Standard operating procedure used to be "does the psychiatrist find her sexually attractive?" Not even kidding.
https://whatweknow.inequality.cornell.edu/topics/lgbt-equality/what-does-the-scholarly-research-say-about-the-well-being-of-transgender-people/
Possible strategies: 1. Use they throughout, and just write them knowing where they're at 2. Tell the reader at the start of each chapter where the protagonists is at. "Chapter 12: Eyes and Ears - she/her"
Sunsets are blue, dammit.
In my own personal experience? I don't "feel female"; before I transitioned, I felt like something was missing, and with an estrogenic hormone balance and the concomitant female sex attributes, I don't feel that way and simply occupy my body. And when I got seen as male I felt habitually misunderstood on a pretty deep level: one tends to take one's gendered subject position into account when engaging in social discourses, and now my gendered subject position is the same as my perceived gendered subject position, female, and it's just normal. If I'd had this all my life, it probably would just feel like the way the world works. But that's me.
They must have realized that quesadilla skills aren't actually a sign of cisness. Dammit. All those years of going against my natural quesadilla ineptitude, wasted, now that they've moved onto other things.
Absolutely. I spent the first couple decades of my life in a state of constant shame and fear, knowing just how disappointed my parents and everyone else would be when they learned that their perfect shiny overachieving "son" was a daughter. Everything in the culture told me that this was the most shameful thing you could be, the punch line so dirty and low you could only use it in the raunchiest of raunch comedy. "If anyone finds out you're a girl," said my internalized fears, "they'll hurt you until you break, and if you cry when you're tortured, they'll get angrier." It took seeing other trans women--ambitious, successful, brilliant, thoughtful, kind, compassionate, and, given the stereotypes of pathetic hideousness, yes, conventionally attractive--to get me to the point where I could say, "No, I refuse to let my life pass me by in fear. I do not want to be unmade. I am proud of who I am and I'll live my own life as I need to."
I live in the US. Police here are generally trained that it's their job to avoid risk to themselves at all costs.
No, they're not real quesadillas because one of my chromosomes is missing an arm. They're just cheese and optional additional ingredients inside tortillas that have been exposed to heat. Real quesadillas are born that way anyway, not cooked or made from ingredients.
If firefighters used the same philosophy ... "Go *into* a burning building? I'mma stay here."
Nobody's asking police officers to run to certain death, but maybe just maybe they shouldn't perform wellness checks in armed groups. Hell, maybe they don't need to be armed all the damn time.
It was beautiful.
Then, assuming you're pretty much right about yourself, you probably aren't a cis man.
** Act 1 ** &gt; "I've discovered I may never be pregnant and I feel a kind of a way about it." &gt; "Me too, I can relate. It sucks." &gt; "How dare you relate to me, freak. You could never understand because you're in some sense a man." ** Act 2 ** &gt; "You're allowed to feel like shit about not being able to get pregnant, and your sister could have chosen to accept your empathy and accept that maybe you both could understand each other's pain." &gt; "Well, actually, she *is* in some sense a man, and also because she could have at one point knocked some other woman up, she should stfu about the pain of not being able to get pregnant. Hers really *is* less valid." ** Act 3 ** &gt; (a wild RevengeOfSalmacis appears and rubs her eyes) &gt; "Oh hey revenge, we're having a second-order debate about whether trans women are really women." &gt; "What? Who?" &gt; "Yeah, some guy(?) has settled it once and for all, y'all aren't women in any context where it matters, and people can't expect to take anything very seriously if it's predicated on the idea you're actually women in any equally meaningful sense."
They're just not as loud. One reason I try to show up in ffs threads.
Also: Kupo.
Nobody's trying to make it legal to persecute veterans or take their rights away, so they don't have to spend a month each year in a show of strength to make it harder to take their rights away.
I'm a woman. But I'm not ashamed that I transitioned; far from it. I'm fucking proud. In the same way I imagine homecoming exiles are often proud of the return home even if it's fraught with perils and hardships.
We must know very different groups of trans women.
There's an important distinction between saying "we're all trans and none of us have it easy, nor does either group really have it 'easier'" and saying "trans men and trans women have identical experiences."
I've spent a shit ton of money on facial hair removal myself; I've had FFS and I'm still pretty in debt three years later; SRS is going to cost me a lot even with insurance covering 90% of the bill; I've done my years of dysphoric misery; hell, I spent a decade married to a self-hating closeted trans man who abused the shit out of me and left marks often enough that my friends started asking questions. But that doesn't mean trans men somehow have it easier than we do, even financially; top surgery isn't cheaper than hair removal, and SRS is financially ruinous without insurance for trans men too. (And I'd consider binding no easier than to shaving super close every day and color correcting with freaking red/orange corrector and wearing foundation literally all the time until my skin was a weeping mess, which I used to do before hair removal progressed far enough.)
My best friend's ex-husband sold her into fetish sex work as a form of corrective rape to try and brutalize her into detransitioning so she'd be his husband again. This happened in an extremely liberal US city. This is a problem that affects trans people across the spectrum and regardless of birth assignment.
I think individual stories are the most powerful force for justice we have available. My (afab) ex-husband's mother tried to pimp him out to a neighbor once for a handle of vodka during his most gender non-conforming period of early adulthood, because she was "worried her daughter wouldn't find a man" and "what's going to happen when me and your dad die?" I don't think telling my best friend's story takes away from my ex-husband's, or vice versa. I think the stones cry out. If someone is desperate to prove their group is worse off, I usually assume the underlying cause is that their stories need to be heard and they're afraid of being silenced. Threads like this can either be groups trying to protect themselves from being silenced -- or opportunities to give voice to stories that need to be heard.
Gay men don't usually find women attractive.
For being straight? Oh my God, where do you live? I want to make some donations to protect the endangered straight minority there who get beat up, fired, bullied, killed, falsely imprisoned, etc, for opposite sex relationships and not being trans.
That's not a connection I draw, because in Internet usage, at least, that's not the coinage of deadname. Online, at least, it was coined about 20 years ago by a trans woman suing her state for bathroom access trying to point out the utter impropriety of using her deadname in news articles and the like as if it were her "real name," and is an answer to the "but what is your *real* name?" harassment.
Plenty of us have experienced sexism firsthand. You did choose to come to r/mtf to police what women say on here; you're new to this space, and it's not really configured around men's needs for obvious reasons, but generally you'll find there are discourse norms to respect here.
The body changes; but I don't see why we must assume that the mind is of lesser importance than the body. I was hurt as a child *for being a girl*; that pain would not have existed if I was a boy, and my childhood would have been like that of my little brother: still painful in its own way, but very different. In other words: I couldn't possibly consider my gender to have begun with my transition. "I was a girl raised as a boy" is the closest simple approximation of my experience; saying "I was a boy who wanted to be a girl" would completely obfuscate my reality and erase my story.
We don't. :)
Of course nobody needs to interact with genitals they're not comfortable with. That said, I know I'm living in a bubble, but most of the trans women I'm close friends with have vaginas at this point, so assuming trans woman = penis is going to be wrong pretty often, and saying trans woman = penis is going to be wrong pretty often and hurt people.
As for perspective, I've never found anything I valued more. I'd rather understand what's going on than be able to fit in with people who don't.
I know much of your post is "op, don't put one imagined experience on a pedestal and remember that real lives are much more diverse and messy and full of suffering," but I'm also reminded of the degrees to which shared experience can cut across the artificial categories we impose on human experience. I have a close friend -- a talented neuroscientist -- whose father wanted to raise her as his surrogate/avatar/mini-me and subjected her to patterns of "don't be such a stupid emotional girl, I'm trying to raise you to be better than girls are" bullshit. We found our experiences and the way they affected us were remarkably similar, though she's cis and I'm trans, and that the supposed differences didn't really make much difference to the quality or severity of the pain; we both grew up feeling cut off from other girls, sick with envy and longing for same-gender friends, trying to figure out what exactly we were and what to make of constantly being told we were nothing like other girls, that they were nothing like us, and that the state of being female is a degraded condition. We became friends, and we both were like "well I'm sure I could never fully understand what it was like for you" -- and then dug deeper and shared more, and understood each other very well. I imagine she and I would both find much to relate to in your experiences, despite none of us sharing more than one category in terms of birth assignment, gender identity, and trans status, and would probably learn things about being human that OP's model would never uncover.
What's the point of being alive? You don't get a prize at the end. When you're dead, all that will left of you will be the information you've shed like scales to be picked up by the others. You will live for exactly one lifetime, and you will cause and experience joy or pain in intersubjectivity with everyone you encounter. You'll have complete control and none at all. You just get to live all kinds of freaking stories along the way. And if you want, you can always rewrite the rules of the game to be more congenial. There's nothing lesser about being a trans woman; we're not inferior on account of having to fight the battles we fight; and unlike most privileged people, we are forced to learn young that we're not free, not safe, and not immortal. What we make of that is up to us, but I for one am greatly pleased to fight for my own deliverance in the company of the sisters and brothers I've met along the way.
I'm transgender (no -ed) and have never had a problem on this sub. :)
Queer is just a word that means unusual, and aren't non-straight people unusual? Hint: if you say "the queers are all over this subreddit," it may not go over well even so. You know that the N-word just started out as the Spanish word for black, right? Gosh, I can't imagine why anyone would be offended by the Spanish word for black! (bats innocent eyelashes) Or take my ethnic group. Turns out the leading etymological theory is that the predominant slur for us in the US just comes from the Yiddish word "kaykl"--which means circle. Who could be offended by circles? The fun thing about slurs is that they generally don't start out that way, but they're used with ugly intent often enough that they pick up intense negative associations. And if you don't know, now you know. Sorry, transgendered was ruined for you by assholes who used it with insulting intentions. Btw, is your dad a trans man?
I'm bisexual. If I met a guy and we hit it off, trans status really wouldn't be an issue for me.
I'd appreciate having the option to make a human with my body, yes; it seems like a pretty handy ability to have, and I've wanted it since I was four. Doesn't mean I'd think periods were convenient, but I'd like to have the capacity.
That makes sense to me. For me, the thought of making someone else pregnant was nothing short of horrifying, like mind-reelingly.
Is it okay to be straight or cis under thirteen?
It's been a long time coming! Congrats!
You're in the same catch-22. I guess we're both cis. :(
It would be good to see! Would like to read more stories about post transition characters in general.
Copied from elsethread: If your interest was piqued by Jesse Singal's article in the Atlantic, do realize that he has a history of constructing elaborate and reasonable-sounding concern trolling about trans issues, normally by relying on cis people unconsciously believing that it's far worse to let a cis kid choose to put themselves through the wrong puberty than to prevent a trans kid from going through the right one (and thus force them through the wrong one). In other words, cis people tend to have an unconscious bias in favor of preventing false positives that makes them willing to accept false negatives, while trans people are painfully aware of how damaging false negatives can be. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_I_and_type_II_errors is relevant reading here. In reality, given the fact that starting to move towards transition generally causes cis kids to reevaluate--false positives aren't a big problem--while gatekeeping trans kids is a known source of severe psychological damage--false negatives are a big problem--it's usually best to listen to your child and trust their judgement and the fairly gradual medical protocols.
Don't bring up the idea of detransitioning to a trans person. Even in a best case scenario, even if you're not in the slightest trying to nudge in that direction, you'll almost certainly get a very negative reaction.
Tbh, debunking an article like Jesse Singal's Atlantic piece often requires pointing out his biases and history of extremely fucked up behavior, and then a bit of a primer on why it's just as bad for a trans kid to get denied transition as for a cis kid to get allowed through (except really it's much worse, because the cis kid is likely to quit, but the gatekept trans kid will still be forced through the wrong puberty), and that trans kids get gatekept way way way more often than cis kids get through. Here's a primer re [Singal](https://www.google.com/amp/s/jezebel.com/whats-jesse-singals-fucking-deal-1826930495/amp)
Confirmation bias.
I'm illustrating my point with a scenario. :)
You mentioned ITT what she says about "dating preferences" and not much else. You realize we aren't a hive mind that's collectively watched every video she's ever produced, right?
Besides dating preferences, what claims does she make you want to understand better? People mostly come here asking about that one with reference to her.
You don't see any issues with framing "what to do when your kid says they're trans" as a series of stories about detransition that suggest that the current evidence-based and quite medically conservative approach is experimental, sloppy, untried, and kind of bleeding-heart idealism too trusting for this chaotic world? This has a pretty decent chance of leading to some deaths. The whole thing rests on the assumption that it's worse for a cis kid to enter the process (and then generally exit it, no harm done) than for a trans kid to go through endogenous puberty. In reality, if even one trans kid *per extra cis desistor screened out* is forced to go through the wrong puberty as a result of trying more stringently to "push back," "question," and otherwise make it harder to start transition, this causes more suffering than it contains.
Those guidelines are standard and they're just fine. What's misleading is the story's consistent focus on detransition narratives, downplaying of the existing safeguards, downplaying (see your quotes) of the sheer effectiveness of medical transition young and the role of blockers as opposed to swift hrt, playing up the role of surgery (try reading the Claire story again and tell me why it leads a story ostensibly about what to do if your child says they're trans), and most importantly, the way it plays into the narrative that the most important thing is to proceed with caution before initiating medical treatment as if false positives were a bigger issue than false negatives. False negatives are a way bigger issue. So: how many trans kids going through the wrong puberty is an acceptable number per cis kid rescued from *beginning* to make a mistake , being "on pause" on blockers, and generally deciding they're not trans long before initiating anything more permanent?
I've never been to a support group. :) But I have made friends with a broad range of trans women based mainly on liking their prose style, so unless there's something about a killer way with nouns and verbs that predicts being able to blend in and live a normal life without being read as trans (always possible, maybe we just have more powerful souls or something), I think I'm more likely to expect your sample is highly selection biased (and then shored up with some numbered averages to feel bad about) than to think that you have in the past year or so discovered the true hopelessness of transness that the vast majority of us are fated to discover, even the ones who've been doing this for a while and are kinda past the part where "omg will I ever pass" is even an especially vivid memory :) But think whatever you want and rationalize however you like, and let me know how things are going in 2019 or so.
I mean, I've been watching hundreds of people transition for five years here on Reddit, and I've watched scores of people go from "nobody passes and I'm doomed" to "holy shit I pass and I should probably have spent more time dealing with my mental health because I've obsessed over passing so much that I neglected everything else," but I tend to adopt this tone when the perennial "all trans women are Doomed" threads come up because I find them ridiculous in a way that requires a response. Jesus god, can't people ever say "I'm scared and I'm especially scared of being visibly trans and harmed and persecuted for it" without also saying "and it was Hopeless From the Beginning because I've measured my shoulders from acromia to acromia, my skull from glabella to mandible, and I don't have the magic ratios!"? Wait, they usually do. But the ones who insist on offering their Grand Proofs that barely anyone passes need pushback, because there's a whole lot of scared people here willing to mistake despair for common sense when it comes with meaningless numbers.
Oh, gotcha. The 0.6% current figure (Williams Institute, 2016) is *adults* who identify as trans. I'm not sure anyone has tried to estimate the trans child population, nor how one would do so reasonably rigorously.
I'll stop you right there. Do you really think that visually/vocally passing is a decisive hedge against discrimination? Nobody tried to kill my best friend while she was visibly trans, though they picked on her in countless ways: that honor fell to a new coworker who started crushing on her (well after she looked visibly female), and was informed that the grumpy chick who wanted nothing to do with him was trans. So he went after her in a parking lot. As for your 2 standard deviations thing, whatever makes the world make sense to you, but until you demonstrate an empirical basis that any of that translates in any way to how people gender each other in the real world, I'm not going to feel much compulsion to privilege it over what I've seen, and I'll point out that it's a nice simple schema without an empirical basis as often as I feel necessary so that those new to transition don't despair and waste precious years of their life convinced that they're doomed on account of "expanded facial planes" or whatever the fear of the moment is.
I've been attracted to people who were visibly trans, sure. Why not?
One of the hardest to explain traumas of growing up a trans girl is envying even negative gendered attention because it's gender affirming and seems to happen to the girls you already envy. It's hard to explain, and cis women are more likely to judge you for it than to understand it as a byproduct of trauma. But it sucks.
I am trans and haven't had surgery yet. My girlfriend is cis. Do you think we have heterosexual sex?
If I start killing people and leaving DNA at the scene, and police start looking for a man, *I'll be just fine*. Are you sure you want to go that route?
Treat the dysphoria, it tends to go away. It's pretty likely the classic "I feel better on meds, so I don't need meds" cycle.
1. Dysphoria remitted 2. Social situations make sense now because others interpret me correctly 3. The struggle has brought me the most amazing friends 4. Am hot. Was hot before but not in ways I like. 5. All the free mental energy means I've created a few art forms, no big.
But 1PtEvil, you are clearly dying of half a dozen conditions if we use male reference ranges! (Just to take a random example, your lung function is likely to be comparable to that of a 40-year-old man!!1! Ohnoes!)
I don't think I'd care to be stealth to my children. They're going to know that Mommy is a powerful sorceress, that she had to break a killing curse to come into her own, and that they should become what they are, ideally conquer Mars, and crush their enemies.
I wrote my way out, wrote everything down far as I could see ...
"before we decide if this is for you, we'd like to torture you for 1-2 years. Cool?"
Better that 500 trans people perish than that one cis person take one dose of hrt!
To me it all feels kinda strange, like I'm not sure why this is being debated at all. People are complicated beings; some humans can take pleasure in pain, for instance; I'm not sure why incongruence would manifest as some sort of single type of symptom. I do believe that all trans people start out with incongruence to resolve, but I'm sure that's not terribly controversial.
We can join forces. You're not alone, and arrayed on your side are people who are far more powerful than their circumstances would suggest. As for me? I'll take Sarah McBride over Stephen Miller any day; I'd rather go down in defeat with her than triumph with him; and I don't think we'll lose in the long run.
I don't think they are necessarily as separate as all that, and I'm not down for any model that calls me a male woman. Edit to add "necessarily" in the interest of precision.
Also, the Spanish wrote a fair bit about indigenous trans women, who were sometimes killed horribly to make God happy and occasionally defended as having a classical precedent in the Scythians, who, as per I forget which Greek travel writer, had sex-changing witches.
You'll find that in biology, sex has been broken down into numerous linked but separate traits for about fifty years. Hence you can take yourself to Google Scholar and you'll find references to nuclear sex, genetic sex, chromosomal sex, genital sex, endocrine sex, gonadal sex, secondary sex traits, sexually dimorphic brain traits, etc etc etc. The usual definitions are descriptive of the most common configurations, not prescriptive of how to sex the edge cases.
Pardon; unless I missed a vital context cue, all I said was that I don't subscribe to the idea that sex and gender are necessarily independent variables. That doesn't mean they can't be, and I edited to make distinction clear. It does mean they don't have to be, and if they're blanket treated as though they are, the result will be people finding various ways to other me away from other women.
I'm not sure I was clear enough with the "for me" there. Please read it as "this is how I need to be understood," not "this is how I want you to be understood." If I didn't make it clear that I'm not trying to define your identity for you or tell you what you must be, please understand it to be a core principle of mine not to try to overwrite other people and not to allow myself to be overwritten. When I attack the sex-gender dichotomy, it is in its universal form. My disinterest in being read according to the Genderbread Man and my attacks on that model as a universal model of "how gender works" are not an attempt to impose a model on you. And my speculation that there may be biological underpinnings to nonbinary experiences of gender should be read as me saying simply "this wouldn't surprise me given what we know already."
Not really. The preponderance of evidence is turning into a small mountain.
Hello, a cis! Do you have a penis?
Why the heck would that be the case?
Maybe? The death rate in Brazil is better attested, but I wouldn't be surprised either way.
Nah, it's still really not a great model. Sex as you understand it works really well to model your biological reality, but trans bodies are generally edge cases. The actual model is a bin. There are a lot of people you understand as female who vary from the most common cluster of Barr-negative, XX, with ovaries and uterus and vagina, with female endocrinology and secondary sex traits and neurological sex and all that. I'm a trans woman. If you want to call me "biologically male," you'll get all kinds of things wrong about my biology. Fortunately, my doctors understand that trans female bodies have different needs and generally work very differently from cis male bodies. The trans female bin, located inside the larger female bin, is a way of organizing information to tell you critical information about my body. So: tell me something about biologically male bodies. If it applies to me in any useful way, that's great to know. I'll explain what useful information is embedded in the trans female category that you'd miss out on if you thought of me as biologically male, and then I'll explain how that could kill me.
Or not. If I, a trans woman, put "male" on a form before going to see my gynecologist, she's going to make inaccurate assumptions about my body. If I put "trans female" she'll know what to expect, and that my medical needs are different from (and in several respects simpler than) a developmentally typical cis female. If a trans man puts "trans male" and goes into the same office, the differences he is highlighting are also useful and relevant. The funny part is that trans people are where the model you're pushing breaks down. Sex vs gender works differently for us than for cis people, because the differences and alterations in our bodies are far more than cosmetic.
I get the impression she's moved left in recent years and that contrapoints is partially the reason, but I don't follow her.
Good, this should help people who aren't candidates for the standard procedure for whatever reason.
She's super nice and super talented and confident, and for what it's worth all her nurses and PAs seem incredibly proud to work with her. It's early days yet for me, but if my experience so far is any guide, you're in great hands.
Honestly just don't give yourself the option to panic. It not being discolored by bruising should help; but even with massively reduced swelling, some things are puffy and tight which will later be soft and loose.
What a foolish hot take.
I did something like that with my ffs scars. I'm kinda curious what my surgeon recommends, but once all my incisions have fully closed over I'll be pretty interested. Though they're kind of well positioned.
You're feeding a troll. Also I find that it usually doesn't work that way.
Freedom is slavery, war is peace, all your base are belong to us. Edit: your post history really reminds me of the people who used to try to push creationism on me as a kid. There was pretty much nothing they wouldn't say to try and debunk evolution, and they got so upset and emotional when they couldn't force me to agree with their half-understood bullshit. Plate tectonics made them so mad.
Everyone I know who wants to pass does. We started all across the range 18-30. Voice matters a lot, btw.
Thanks for playing, have a nice day, and one day maybe you'll discover that real humor about sexual orientation and gender identity actually exists and is actually funny. Unlike this, which is beyond lame.
What you did is pretty much what I did, and there weren't any problems in the five years before I morally mandated that problem out of existence.
My girlfriend and I are bi. I started transitioning a bit after we met and before we started dating, and when I came out to her, I became about 200% more attractive to her because I suddenly made sense. As my body changed I became more and more attractive to her. The interested-in-men side of her didn't offer any input there, because I wasn't a man; I was a woman becoming increasingly manifest. I just had surgery. We've both been looking forward to this for a long time. In one sense, this changes a lot of stuff *because we can do things together we always wanted to*. In another sense it changes absolutely nothing: we're not going from straight to gay, nor even from kinda gay to totally gay. This never worked like that. Sexual orientation is conceptually useful. But maybe materialistically focusing that orientation on genitals misses the point and gives people too little credit for truly understanding and seeing each other as they really are. And while it may sound a bit mystical, I don't expect your trans male classmate was in fact interchangeable with a cis woman but male-named. One need not believe in the soul to acknowledge the immense impact of a person's subjectivity on who they are.
Is your mind really so undisciplined that you have no ability to error-check your own, ah, highly idiosyncratic reading of your situation?
I mean, surely a student of narrative should see that if your narrative for not transitioning is that you're too facts 'n' logic to buy into our narrative for transitioning ... ... that's going to put us at odds, because we're going to see you as delusional and making substantial efforts to narrate a lie to yourself, like the "this is fine" dog with the burning house. And your relative sophistication won't alter the calculus; most of us already know people who are, or ourselves were, incredibly sophisticated at spinning narratives to put off transitioning. Thus it's hard to see your chosen path as anything but sophistry layered over self-harm and fear. Surely, having diagnosed our own narrative commitments so extensively, you can see why the reaction would be "siiiiigh. You do you boo, but I hope you don't hurt people who need to transition by feeding their denial for another year or two."
I'd be surprised if there's a single serial killer given there's a culture of impunity.
Where do you think societal pressure comes from?
Someone who says they're exclusively attracted to cisgender people is best described as a liar with hangups. Also as kind of sad.
Because you can't tell who's trans or cis by looking at them, nimrod. What you're describing is someone who can be super attracted to a trans person until they find out said person is trans, then usually acts like an asshole. And sometimes proposes that we should all wear pink triangles for good measure, "so that 'normal' people can tell." If you're legitimately not attracted to someone their trans status is kind of irrelevant to your sexual orientation. (I'm bi, and honestly I find 90% of humans way below my standards; way too many of y'all just look too much like hobbits and dwarves and I'm more into elf types, except when the hobbits and dwarves are somehow just hot anyway.) You can find individuals attractive or not without needing to pretend you have a whole new sexual orientation--if you're attracted to literally everyone who's the right gender, that's really fucking weird. No, the only reason to make up a cis-only sexual orientation is to justify acting like an asshole when you find out someone hot whom you thought was cis was trans the whole time, and it's basically asking for a retcon so you can pretend you were never attracted to them. Instead of owning up to the truth, that you were attracted but have prejudices against trans people that make it impossible.
What a lot of meaningless drivel making fun of the fact that words exist and precision of language often requires linguistic innovation.
No.
Warren, who may be my #1 choice. For different reasons, she and Buttigieg are pretty much the only candidates I'm interested in.
No, you're not allowed to, because freedom is slavery and your body is common property of the Internet. And I *have* to, for much the same reasons. How else can we be saved from a terrible mistake.
Words we can all live by. Actually, that series was really really helpful to me in understanding the psychology of ptsd young enough to learn sensitivity.
Nah, it holds up really well for 2000-era MG.
What a dumb idea. What do you want me to do, walk into a men's restroom, hike up my skirt, crouch over the urinal, and spray pee everywhere? Explain to them all, "I was born with a penis, boys, and u/A_JAW thinks I should invade your bathroom"? Congratulations. Best case scenario a bunch of perfectly nice guys are going to think some girl they don't know is fucking with them for no reason. Worst case scenario, a bunch of not so nice guys actually believe I'm trans and do the things not so nice guys do to trans women. Which ... if you don't know what I'm talking about, you're not well informed enough for your opinion to matter at all, and if you are, it's pretty fucked up you are willing to put my life at risk because you don't think it's a good idea to treat me like a normal person.
Mm, yes. You can probably imagine a bunch of reasons why I'd be out of place there.
American tax burdens are so much lower than is normal either for America in its modern history or for any other developed nation. The money's there. The very wealthy will claim otherwise, but they'll also be straight up lying.
At least I learned about Beate Klarsfeld from this.
Well, don't say *that*, that's grossly judgmental for a girl who hasn't done anything wrong. You don't need to call her half a woman to say "thanks for letting me know, and sorry, I'm not the right person for you." Obviously rejection always hurts, but be decent about it, as she's been plenty decent with your.
Because people with mindsets like that are a good fit. They don't make problems for their organizations, but they do loyally empower those organizations and defend the powerful from the insolence of the meek.
As opposed to being attracted to what? As far as I know, I have Y chromosomes. I'm also a very beautiful woman. People don't wait to see my karyotype to find me attractive. I used to have a penis until a few weeks ago. People didn't wait to see my genitals to find me attractive. I'm pretty sure that's how it usually works.
There's really not a lot of *money* in singing about LGBT rights. Consider instead the possibility that she's alarmed by what's happening in the country and is trying to use her existing megaphone to make some impact. I have no idea if she's a decent person; I have no idea if she's a good ally; but what I do know is that the hour is late and all America's ancient monsters and original sins are shambling out to have their Ragnarok, and everyone will be judged by the parts they play now, not by their biographies to date.
As ever, well said.
You emailed a stranger out of the blue to ask her advice about your genitals. It seems like a pretty gracious (and quick) reply considering, and not nearly as hostile as you're reading into it. Unless you have history with her, I would advise against assuming that you're now in a feud.
You may be familiar with Alliance Defending Freedom and the Family Research Council, which openly state that's their goal and have detailed plans to remove trans people from American life and force LGBs into the closet. They haven't been winning, especially not in the war for public opinion, but they're very powerful and well funded, and there's a big chunk of Dominionist evangelicals who are just waiting in the wings for a chance to build a theocracy.
There's nothing disingenuous about pointing out that the disenfranchised religious minority is not a threat, while the politically ascendant and antidemocratic nascent theocracy is.
If you're talking about Islam, a religion with over a billion adherents, then talking about the Muslims I actually know is probably smarter than pontificating about a lot of people I've never met. Lots of Christian countries with highly conservative cultures are just as dangerous for LGBT people. Hell, a trans woman addressed the legislature for the first time in Armenia (a country with a 1500+-year record as a Christian nation) and asked for protection against constant persecution and murder of her community, and *government officials* were calling for her to be literally burned alive. Maybe the problem isn't a specific religion.
I was born in a deep red state. I know perfectly well that most regular people aren't nascent theocrats -- but they don't have to be, because the theocrats have power where it counts, and punch way above their weight class. When my friends were illegally denied healthcare for being trans (cancer doctor, insurance company, etc: "sorry, we don't serve your kind here") the ADF had no trouble recruiting both reactionary public officials and professional-conservative lawyers to defend the discrimination, though when the case went to trial, a jury of my friends" red-state peers punished the discrimination, but only after *years* of fighting. Supermajorities of citizens in pretty much every state would prefer full LGBT equality. But state legislatures don't reflect that, and that's because there's this incredibly powerful Christianist movement that's been single-mindedly focused on political power,, training all their fire on *Roe v Wade* and LGBT people. If they ever had enough power to go full Savonarola, then yes, you'd see LGBT people publicly executed and sent to concentration camps the way some Domunionists will call for when they think no outsiders are listening. The difference between deep red states and, say, Iran? It isn't the opinions of the average citizen; it's the level of political power controlled by theocrats. And that's why it's alarming to hear about police officer pastors and local mayor's in the Deep South publicly pondering killing us. Because the nature of power is change, and Christian theocrats are actively trying to create a world where LGBT people are pushed into the shadows and can be harmed without anyone much caring or noticing.
Why are you treating religious conservatives as "the West"? The US is a deeply divided country. About 20-25% espouse a religious position that has no room for LGBT people, and they show up to take our rights away where they can. Where we have rights, it's because that group can't get enough power and we and our allies can.
Low effort and irrelevant?
Wow, you went full ((())) there. I'd much rather have everyone live up to a standard -- total LGBT equality -- than carve everyone into tribes and join forces with Christian Dominionist transphobes to scare off the horrible threat that is Pakistani-American software engineers not eating pork and supporting their trans kids.
Look, they're 100% objective. If you can't see it, it probably just means you need to get right with the Lord.
Sorry, a testicle was my final offer. I'm not planning on dying at all, but if I did, I certainly wouldn't leave my body to someone who can't even keep a bit of light-hearted castration banter going.
I, for one, can't believe people are allowed to anonymously discuss their "harmless" thoughtcrimes.
I got a really r/thathappened vibe, but yeah, if I met someone who legit felt this way, I'd probably spend a lot of time sussing out whether they're in fact safe for human society--most of the time it's just going to be a kink someone has and no chance of harming anyone, but I'm a wary soul. I just really don't care to outsource that judgment to the terf who probably wrote the original.
It means I'm not really super worried about people anonymously talking about kink if nobody's autonomy is being violated IRL, and it doesn't matter how disturbing I personally may find something as long as that's the case.
Those aren't controversial thoughts; they're half-baked and uninformed. All the penetrating insights you're raising have been answered ad nauseam since the 1970s. There's a pretty sophisticated conversation to be had, but you're not on that level. So: you sometimes present female but consider yourself male?
It's always super subtle and totally doesn't end up getting talked about a ton.
Do you really think it's very likely that the most correct and moral position on every issue of our era is halfway between the positions of the major United States political parties circa 2020? Cause that's cute.
Tran fews people who aren't dead are disproportionately resilient, and we probably don't need to be taught to be stronger, but we certainly have a right to point out when someone is inflicting pain or harm so they can exercise self-correction and stop. (Or else so that they can be our enemies openly, without pretense.)
The problem is that "sex is physical, gender is social" doesn't actually work very well if we're trying to understand trans people. It's good for *cis* people, because it lets you talk about the distinction between your physical and social realities, but it breaks down when used to describe trans and intersex people (for different but related reasons). I'm not a "male woman"; anyone who describes my body as male is going to create confusion and reduce clarity. I'm trans female. I probably have Y chromosomes and I used to have a penis and all that nonsense, but if someone expects my body to work like a male body in pretty much any way, they're going to be wrong, and unfortunately my body could pay the price for their ignorance. If you want to know more, feel free to ask. I'm not doing a ton.
Well, try making some! Let's say you hear I'm "biologically male," though I "identify" as a woman. 1. When checking my thyroid hormones, should you use male or female reference ranges? Remember, there are a lot of values that are considered hypothyroidism in one sex but not the other. 2. Let's say you're giving me a blood test and notice my hematocrit is a 39%, sharply beneath the male range of 45-52%. Is this bad or even noteworthy? 3. Should my body odor smell more male or more female? 4. Are these mysterious bruises on my legs something to worry about? It seems I bruise either rather easily for a male or very typically for a female. Should we test me for blood clotting disorders? 5. Will I benefit from access to a urinal? 6. If a man meets me and becomes super attracted to me, does that mean he's attracted to male or female people? 7. Is my girlfriend straight? 8. Can I breastfeed? 9. Am I likely to be stronger than a cis woman of my height and weight? Try answering these and we'll revisit the answers together. Other people are welcome to take a guess too. It's not super hard if you don't make the wrong assumptions.
No sarcasm! I just think it's a useful conversation to have. So: I've had a female-typical endocrinology for half a dozen years. Most anything directly driven by hormones is going to reflect that. That's most things, because hormones literally just tell the cells how to express their genes, so if there's sexual dimorphism, it's generally mediated by hormones. 1. In my case, female reference ranges are appropriate. Otherwise I'll be misdiagnosed and thyroid issues missed -- which happened to a friend. 2. Hematocrit is in fact also driven by hormones. It would be cause for concern if I were elevated into the male ranges. 3. Body odor is hormonally driven, as sex hormones modify the behaviors of sweat and sebaceous glands. Men and women smell different. Actually, a year or so into transition I happened to smell an old shirt and was suddenly paranoid wondering why a man had been in my clothes. 4. Blood vessel behavior is also hormonally driven, as is skin thickness. Women typically bruise much easier, and it's typically not cause for concern, but it freaked me the hell out when I started collecting bruises from every little bump and stumble. 5. I don't have a penis so using a urinal would be a weird flex. 6-9. You're correct in general. Chances are pretty good I could solely breastfeed an infant; I've developed very normally along those lines, but I might need domperidone or something to get it started.
So just to be clear, there's no evidence of the position you're assuming as common sense actually being true in practice. All the limited evidence we have from transitioned trans athletes suggests that trans women do not have any systemic athletic advantage. I wish we did. That would be neat. But we don't.
Citations needed?
Thank you, and I'm glad I could help! Usually I think it's one of those things where we're dealing with so many decades of both superstition and disinformation that it usually takes a bit of a breakthrough to get it, so when I can help, I try.
Give me ten years.
Go to scholar.google.com, search for "XX male" (the quotation marks will guarantee an exact match search), and tell me how many scientific papers you find about XX males alone (most of whom will never find out they have XX chromosomes because it'll never be an issue). Chromosomy is one of *many* potentially divergent sex traits. It's quite possible to have two X chromosomes, working testes, healthy sperm, a functioning penis, clear male secondary sex traits and endocrinology, etc. Biologists know this. If you're going to be offering lectures on the science of sex, you have to know this too.
If someone says I'm not biologically female, the impression they will give about my body is inaccurate and misleading, and leads to people understanding me less and reacting to me I'm a less accurate way. That's what my link is about. Take a look and get back to me.
I'm sure you make sure to educate yourself about life-and-death issues for yourself, and I imagine sometimes people who don't know very much at all think they know your life better than you. So you can probably understand the feeling of "look, this is my life, so if you want to understand it, maybe listen; you might hear something that will change the way you think, but not if you're too busy trying to tell me my own life." It's possible that the person who's lived this her entire life might have some insights that would render your points moot.
You are literally wrong about what causes nearly all sexually differentiated sensitivities to medication, so I'll be following different medical advice. Plenty of providers make similar inaccurate common-sense assumptions, especially if they were trained less recently.
Personally, I don't struggle. I'm doing just fine. But my goal is for cis people to take the time to actually think and realize what you don't know, or at least that there's a lot that you don't know. I'm tired of all the disinformation and assumptions; I want people to actually use their critical thinking and ask questions. But to do that, one must first confront one's own ignorance. Without that first step, you're missing out on a lot
Wouldn't PAIS also very clearly indicate that Semenya's effective testosterone levels have a different denominator than do most people's, and thus that using the same scale to infer advantage is inappropriate?
[Here's an actual scholarly review of the science and sports ethics principles relevant to your question, by one of the only scholars to actually do empirical work in this area.](https://www.dropbox.com/s/sxo2stksk9yctq1/Including%20Trans%20Women%20Athletes%20in%20Sport_%20Analyzing%20Principles%20and%20Policies%20of%20Fairness%20in%20Competition.pdf?dl=0) Feel free to ask questions after you've read it, but they should be, y'know, questions that show you've read it.
1. There's no evidence that trans women retain any athletic advantage. There's limited but significant evidence that, for example, a trans woman who's 97th percentile relative to men before transition will end up 97th percentile relative to other women after a couple of years in transition. 2. If there were evidence that justified segregating trans women from cis women, we'd expect a fairly substantial effect similar to the 10-12% difference between elite cis male and female performances. This means we should expect really strong, unambiguous evidence that trans women have an advantage. Without that evidence it's stupid to assume such an advantage exists. 3. In the absence of evidence to justify discrimination against a group of people, it's wrong to discriminate 'just in case.' Get actual evidence or back off, basically.
I don't really see what I underwent as "transformation to look like the opposite sex." I'm a woman, and I needed a certain kind of body plan so my brain could stop throwing out error codes and just focus on being a person. Picture, for instance, how distracting it is to constantly feel like your vulva is inside out and your clitoris is hanging out way outside your body. My body now makes way more sense to the brain that inhabits it, and as a side effect, people correctly see me as a woman, which makes things simpler.
Considering how much the metaphysics of gender trumps the actual if limited data we have about how trans women's bodies actually perform post-transition -- particularly in the "trans women *must* have an unfair advantage la la la not listening" camp -- I think it's very appropriate to start with philosophy here, at least to work out the ground rules.
Wow, thanks, I guess I'll torpedo the most loving and passionate relationship of my life to hop on some random man's dick. Only I'm a trans woman, so is my passionate vagina on vagina totes chill straight sex because I'm ReAlLy A mAn? Or is it gay and wrong because two vaginas? Or is my very existence a destruction of the laws of God, which would be really damn cool?
That's a standard cis male socialization?
Cisnormativity, maybe. That said, most women do prefer to look recognizably female. Outside pressure to do so is no bueno, but so is pressure not to.
You're rather misinformed about uterine transplants, so feel free to familiarize yourself with the medical literature. The proposed approach is pretty similar to what been successfully used in other cases of complete uterine agenesis, and most likely will involve in vitro fertilization for the first generation procedure, obviating the need for ovaries and Fallopian tubes etc. Additionally, at least at first, c-section will be used exclusively for delivery. As for the rest of your post, I *accept you* as female. You are legitimate and real and valid. You are female too. Don't ever let anyone make you doubt your femaleness.
This isn't a particularly credible argument without a bit more analysis. So, for instance, I'd absolutely expect Buttigieg to restore Obama-era LGBTQ protections and implement all the standard progressive mandates for advancing LGBTQ rights. From that perspective, he'd be a vast improvement over Trump and probably a substantial improvement over Obama. But if your analysis is mostly in terms of poverty and marginalization, which disproportionately affect LGBTQ people, then strong unions, a living wage, basic income, poverty services, and free universal healthcare and higher education are a must, and of the top tier of candidates Buttigieg is probably offering substantially less than Sanders and Warren respectively. In that analysis, durable economic power and security will guarantee LGBTQ people far more than non-discrimination protections and guaranteed de jure equality. Buttigieg isn't rich relative to the other candidates *or* the average Harvard-educated McKinsey alumnus, and there's no credible evidence his religious beliefs are even slightly anti-lgbtq (I'm a godless atheist and happy to be, but progressive social-justice clergy exist and have driven many of America's movements for equality and social justice; not all religion is Franklin Graham stuff). I don't think he has to be a supervillain to argue that someone else's policies will make a bigger material difference to LGBTQ people's lives.
Or the eldritch dread when you realize that you are *not* alone in the void and never have been, that an ancient being of incalculable horror is all around you, sleeping, and as you struggle, it stirs?
Yeah, I'm trying to point out that you're treating discrimination against trans partners as being *the same thing* as genital preference instead of a separate thing. If someone doesn't want to date me because I'm not his type, his loss, but if he doesn't want to date me because he prefers women to have vaginas, that's like not dating me because I don't have a Reddit account: I ... do.
How about we not have racist propaganda on here?
The US would *never* intervene in other countries repeatedly and cynically and who was Mossadegh? and anyway there's only room for one meddling world power plus the British.
I think it's pretty obvious TERFs hate trans women for being *trans women*.
If the only things that are keeping your partner from transitioning are a few thousand dollars to bank sperm and a committed college relationship to a straightish girl who probably will leave when transition happens, then ... ... it's probably going to happen. Especially since dysphoria tends to get worse with time not transitioning, rather than staying the same. Especially if your partner gets hit with another round of virilization in the mid twenties, that escalation of body horror can be a pretty powerful push in the direction of actually transitioning, and then factors and people that prevent transition can start to be deeply resented. Relationships can turn bitter. It's usually not practical to defer a need like transitioning forever, because not doing it tends to become very painful; there's a reason that repressed trans people so often become alcoholics, addicts, or obsessives.
By having it recognized as a condition affecting sexual health that requires transition medicine as treatment, like hormone deficiencies and vaginal/penile agenesis, and that can come with comorbidities necessitating psychiatric support in many cases.
Were you ever asked what you'd prefer? Did anyone check in with you during puberty to see if you were doing okay? Children get eye exams as a standard thing at an early age *because they usually can't self-diagnose myopia young enough* but they really need working eyesight to lead full lives, so society puts in the time and effort to make diagnosis happen young. A society that really accepted trans people would also make it much easier to figure out and would give kids the option of calling time out on puberty if it was making them dysphoric. And some people would still take longer to figure it out, and they'd need extra medical and psychiatric support.
The trans population is almost certainly an order of magnitude higher. The Williams Institute estimated about 0.6% of the population was trans in 2016, and estimates since then have tended upward. But also the trans murder rate is almost certainly at least an order of magnitude higher than we actually see reported as well -- and easily more, given that even now the trans homicides we see reported are just the ones where the jurisdiction and the next of kin prevent misclassification.
Someone not wanting to be androgynous doesn't devalue the androgyny of those who do. Someone presenting herself in culturally feminine ways is just freaking fine too. For some reason, though, everyone seems to think they have a right to tell trans people what to be. "You must be androgynous or you're devaluing androgyny!" "If you're feminine, you're reinforcing stereotypes. Stop trying too hard." "If you're masculine, it's like you're not trying at all." What if we're all doing our own thing and nobody actually gets a vote?
Are you looking for a term that applies in all contexts the organism enters and never changes? Because if you are, the reason it doesn't exist is because it doesn't describe reality.
You'll mostly be relying on endocrine sex for that.
You never said she had a penis.
If you did, you'd be wrong, but I want to stop here and point out something funny. If someone comes out to you as trans, it's like all y'all can talk about is The Surgery, but then you never seem to think anyone actually has it. If you're trans female, you will rather frequently have a vagina. In places where it's properly covered as medically necessary trans healthcare, the majority of trans women will in fact eventually have vaginas. "Biological sex" is more complicated than that. The actual gene expression that controls secondary sex characteristics (how your body *works* from the cellular level up) is regulated by sex hormones, not genitals or genes.
Interesting, but your experience wasn't universal. Many of us had to work pretty hard to simulate acceptably male patterns of behavior while concealing the socialization we learned much more intuitively from female peers and role models.
Good idea!
I know quite a few trans women who have made names for themselves in the last few years. It's possible. Be prepared to fight for every inch, and get a good network of friends and family for mutual support.
TERFs love to spread disinformation about trans women's vaginas. Somehow this is very feminist of them.
I'm a trans woman. That means I was never going to be okay with a male body. Indeed, I was very much not okay. But I changed my body and now I'm fine. Is that hard to understand? I would infinitely prefer to be myself than to be a man, even if that hypothetical version of me were happy as a man. Not for me, dude.
The gay rights movement was heavily funded in the early days by a very wealthy trans man.
It was geese but it's funnier as chickens.
Well, in my case I know my body should be female, which is why I transitioned. Sure enough, I feel much better now. That's sex, but my sex and my gender match, and, to quote one of your replies, I know my gender from my body.
As a trans woman, I'm fine just phasing out the terms trans and cis entirely, because I agree that cis women are as female as I am; we're all just women, no matter our bodies' histories. Hurrah, problem solved. As long as your friends' objection is to the shockingly onerous three-letter Latin prefix without consent, and not to the idea that they aren't "real women" and trans women aren't "fake women."
No, surgery and recovery suck but the outcomes are very satisfactory.
They're valid! They're so valid!
I agree! If I deign to speak to some lucky man thinking he's transgender, and he just leads me on, and then I find out he's cisgender after the fact through the grapevine, I'm going to feel kind of taken advantage of. It's not that cisgenders are less valid, it's just a normal innate preference we shouldn't question.
&gt; Natural (derived from natural foods) HRT Hormone Therapy Treatment, instead of prescription medications and/or surgery which are more expensive and also later give more harmful side effects than benefits. ??
You can see why I'd be at pains to guard against disinformation given how important medical transition is for so many people, though, yes?
I'm just trying to figure out if people have a moral obligation to disclose whether they're transgender or cisgender, and if so, why cis people aren't disclosing an important piece of information like the fact that they're not trans.
My mistake
No, there isn't. As I said, close to 100% of the trans women killed in a given year are killed by men who already knew they were trans, and generally *not* in the moment of disclosure.
Trans people are more like 0.5% and passing is kind of commonplace.
I've been there!
As someone who would have had a yellow star and a pink triangle, I am here to tell you that you need to bone up on your Holocaust history there chief.
I live here, what's your excuse?
I prefer to get a complete biography for all new partners, personally. How can they leave out vital information like not being trans? Am I supposed to just assume they're trans until I get a weird surprise in their pants?
I definitely tend to assume it's rape when I don't get an explicit warning that I'm dealing with a cisgendered when I'm expecting a nice normal trans girl
This is the part where we kiss right?
Only the cis deal in absolutes, or something
Yes; my life is awesome. However, a state of open war now exists between me and the world, which is far preferable to the abject surrender of pretransition, because I intend to win.
&gt; Because we dont want to see people with a penis, we dont want to hear stories about penis size, we dont want to hear penis jokes, we dont want to hear penis names. &gt; If a woman has a penis and wears makeup, and is not seen as a sex object, then we wont be as angry. If we see a penis every time we see a woman, then well be more angry. &gt; We dont want to see penis jokes, we dont want to hear penis jokes, we dont want to hear penis names
Dost thou bleed?!
She's a woman. She's also trans; that's just a biographical fact that the world will never let her forget, hence the fact that she could be outed in the first place. Trans woman isn't some kind of separate gender. It's just a woman who happens to be trans. In an ideal world it wouldn't matter very much, but because this world largely hates trans people, it matters a great deal.
David Eddings was literally so bad at writing women that his wife took over as his uncredited co-author, finally rating a co-author credit in their last few books. Each character's nationality is also their personality, too. And yet somehow they're still kind of fun, or were when I was little. All the women are permanently exasperated by all the men, so it's very Straight Couple Dynamics 101, but it's engaging and pleasant.
I'm with you there
Heterosexuality itself is not, though some heterosexual people are also trans.
In my experience, the vast majority of people who want to pass eventually do.
I guess they're technically correct: urination and sexual function both do irreversibly change as a result of bottom surgery. But that's ... the whole point. Oh no, whatever shall I do without the penis I never wanted to have? Oh no, it's gone forever, just like I wanted!
I actually got *extremely* detailed perioperative instructions, though quite a few of them made a lot more sense during recovery than beforehand.
Well, for starters, you're proposing discrimination on that basis.
Uh-huh. Yeah. Trans women are always being celebrated for their unattainable beauty and femininity. Yup. Totes. Yeeeeeah.
Good thing cis women never do those things, huh? If they did, someone might accuse them of promoting toxic messages about that being the most desirable type of femininity! I think we would all have grown up with healthier body image if not for the malign influence of powerful trans women like Scarlett Johansson and Angelina Jolie and and Kim Kardashian and Lucy Liu and Drew Barrymore and Michelle Obama and Jacky Kennedy and all those hundreds of millions of trans women who singlehandedly keep Sephora and Ulta in business and maintain the fashion industry and keep long hair trending.
I don't understand why you accuse me of sarcasm. I'm just applying consistent feminist ideals. I think it's disgusting that makeup makes women think that they're broken if they don't have naturally gold/aquamarine duochrome eyelids, and we both know that there is no experimentation or artistry involved. And since trans women are the most powerful, influential women, and have the greatest impact on the culture that most other women try to fit into, I think you're absolutely right to call out that powerful influence. I know when *I* was a little biologically female girl, all my role models were unattainable trans women. There was just no other possibility model for me but hyperfeminine trans women. Again, I'm appalled you think I would satirize you or imply you're engaged in an oppressive double standard. To prove it, I think we should both post selfies to r/makeupaddiction showing that it's okay to have short hair, wear no makeup, and defy beauty culture stereotypes. The subreddit requires a product list for each look, and our product list should be: * Feminism * Self-respect
Oh gosh, for the church fathers you can actually pretty much count on them along it almost any time they talk about women; brazen, painted women are contrasted with veiled, demure, submissive, bare-faced Christian women all the time, and actually St Augustine even rants about how upset he was to see trans women specifically wearing makeup in the streets of Carthage and just being innately more vile to him than even all the painted cis ladies. Good sources focused on late antiquity and medieval women's culture are kind of undergoing a renaissance right now. Most of what I know has to do with research into historical makeup and women's culture in late Mediterranean antiquity and may be a few years out of date (one nice thing about archeology and medieval studies finally starting to be less of a boy's club is that women are reinterpreting a lot of the physical evidence that was overlooked by male scholars), so I'd suggest a fresh search.
Cissexist fragility.
I suppose I'll spend my forties running transition boarding schools in civilized states.
And is lampshaded by characters shamelessly talking about how prophecies repeat.
Deprogramming internalized transphobia takes a fair bit of work but is super worth it.
If you're referring to Isabella Bennett, I'm pretty sure her pronouns are she/her.
There's no real reason to -- beyond how stupid cis people can be sometimes.
If someone says they're neither male nor female, it's easy enough for me to believe them and not treat them as male or female. If someone says they're an attack helicopter, it's easy enough for me to make sure they get as much high-octane jet fuel as they can possibly drink, and I'll be happy to launch rocket propelled grenades at them if I see them invading my airspace. I'm not sure why cis people think the attack helicopter thing is clever. Okay, buddy, slow down, let me put this fuel nozzle in your mouth.
It's not just "okay," it's amazing! Hallelujah! Kanye healed America!
Dum spiro dico, weirdo.
If a transphobe decides to be "essentialist" by treating trans women as they would treat any other woman, not defaulting to treating nonbinary people as if they're binary, and treating "I identify as an attack helicopter" morons as they would treat any other attack helicopter, I fail to see the problem with this form of "essentialism."
If someone's pronoun is actually "they," then you're gendering them correctly. However, I'm a she, so if you called me they, you'd be misgendering me.
As a trans woman, I'm always amused by this sort of thing, since the degree of intellectualizing often seems in diametric opposition to the degree of understanding.
Increased enormously as I became more comfortable with myself.
You know, I've seen so many fragile cis people preemptively attack trans people because the cis person fucked up the trans person's pronouns and couldn't bear to just say "oops my bad" and move on with their lives. But I've never seen trans people flipping out the way you claim. I've seen trans people break down in tears because it's the fiftieth time that day and it's exhausting and demoralizing, but on the whole, trans people cut cis people enormous slack -- and then cis people cut trans people. PS. Singular "they" is as old as singular "you" -- about 900 years old. It's grammatical.
Empirically, that means you'd prefer trans children to grow up as adults with severe mental health issues and 40% suicidality rates instead of growing up with completely normal mental health and no elevated suicidality. Because that's the difference in outcomes between forcing trans kids through their "natural" puberty (which, in the real world leads to dead trans kids, no matter how important you think it is), and letting trans kids choose their puberty (which, in the real world, leads to happy, healthy trans adults). This isn't up for debate. It's a matter of brute facts. You're allowed to prefer dead trans kids to living trans adults, of course, but that's the actual choice here. Why do you think the existing medical protocols happened? It's because they save a ridiculous number of lives.
1. Puberty blockers were developed many decades ago to suppress precocious puberty in cisgender children and are extremely well-studied and extremely safe. 2. Their use in trans children is about 30 years old, and immediately resulted in a massive reduction in suicide and a massive improvement in outcomes. 3. As a result, we also have a generation of trans adults who grew up without going through natal puberty. The imaginary problems you're afraid of simply never manifested. Because they're made up. What we have are a generation of trans adults *who simply did way better* than the trans adults who went through natal puberty. Die mad about vaccines and antibiotics too; evidence-based medical interventions save children's lives. 4. So the choice is between an actual severe harm through forcing trans children to go through natal puberty with extremely consistent negative impacts ... or allowing them to block that and grow up with completely normal mental health outcomes and a massive reduction in mortality and morbidity. You'd prefer dead kids to transitioned ones. That's fine, but have the guts to say so.
Incorrect. You're referring to Zucker's desistance studies from the 1990s, which treated *all* gender non-conforming children as transgender, including all gay children and all children who wanted to play with toys associated with other genders, and didn't bother to differentiate based on gender identity. Additionally, all children who grew up cisgender were considered desisters, as well as all children who ceased participating in the studies. If you fuck with the numerator and the denominator, you can make statistics say anything you want. However, modern studies that focus on trans children's actual expressed gender identity have found that their genders are as stable and as permanent as cis children's. The boy who likes dresses but insists he's a boy is going to grow up male; he's not a "desister." Additionally, the trans girl who insists she's a girl is no more likely to grow up male than the cis girl who insists she's a girl. It is that more specific pool of actual trans children who go on puberty blockers. If they change their minds, they can resume natal puberty. For those children, not being able to block natal puberty is associated with &gt;40% suicidality and severe mental health problems.
So I think the idea that sex and gender shouldn't be conflated is actually a construct that doesn't serve me very well, because I consider the entire point of the self-determination I've done to be my assertion of myself as female, free to woman as I like. I'm not a male woman; I am female, and the aspects of my body that virilized against my will were in rebellion against my nature. To see me as male rather than female is to recognize the rebels rather than the lawful government of myself, if you'll permit me a metaphor. The idea I should not conflate sex and gender doesn't serve me. I don't really have a concept of gender that's disconnected from my femaleness, and the fact that I was born with a penis is kind of beside the point. Not that culture is irrelevant. I do like to participate in a lot of cultural projects that are woman-led and draw from women's customs and traditions, but I don't particularly feel shackled by gender roles. Probably I'm a product of my time and place, but I'm very comfortable with the idea of being a woman warrior, a woman who fights for what she believes in, a ferocious mother lioness when I wish to be. I don't think it makes me "masculine." And one day I hope I can pass on to my own daughter a heritage of strength and rigor, and perhaps she will choose to incorporate the same steel into her femininity that I have tried to. I'm a hardliner here. There's a transphobic position that they don't want to discriminate on grounds of gender, only sex; that trans women are male women, and they fully accept their womanhood but insist on their maleness; and it is this concept that I reject, and on my classification as female that I insist. My womanhood flows from that and is inextricable from it. Even when I looked male and had a highly virilized body, I was no less female; my body was simply in revolt against its own nature, just as a cancer patient's body is in revolt without transforming their kind into a cancerhuman.
Anyone who thinks I am or ever was male is just wrong, and it's not about passing privilege or physical transition or anything of the sort. Your cissexism and transmisogyny notwithstanding, cis people don't own anyone's sex but their own and don't get a vote. When the Supreme Court inevitably declares me male later this year, they will be lying. Even if the whole world believes the lie, it will be a lie, and I will know the truth. I did not transition from male to female. I devirilized my female body until even complete fools could see that I am female, but when I looked more masculine than you probably do now, I was still female. Abolish cissexism. You can even call it abolishing sex if you like. But don't come hectoring me because I won't pretend to be a genderfree male to ease your fear of fighting against the lies of a cissexist universe.
You're okay with a great many trans kids dying to protect a small number of cis kids from pausing puberty for a while and then resuming it when they decide they're not trans. It's pretty disingenuous for you to get huffy when someone points out the implications of your own ideas and the real world effect of those ideas on trans people. Both of us *were* trans kids. We know what we're talking about a lot better than you do.
Why are you assuming trans men don't have dicks?
Trans women are a subset of women, not a separate group.
Pregnant mare urine and pregnant human urine are both extremely high in estrogens that your body can use relatively readily, so they'd be the obvious sources unless you're equipped to do fancy stuff. I believe modern bioidentical estradiol is ultimately synthesized from soy, but I believe it's a bit involved. I do know one can order the shelf-stable powder form of estradiol in bulk (a lifetime supply is a fairly large amount, but not *that* much) and then create injectable estrogen from that, but I don't recall the details.
What do I, as a trans woman, have that cis women don't?
No, I don't think he does. Because when Rogan says he's thinking of voting for Sanders, that really means he's saying "don't vote for Trump" to his listeners. As a trans woman, I don't think Sanders needs to apologize for Rogan deciding not to be a shit for once.
I don't think it matters. Sanders' style and rhetoric doesn't appeal to me a ton, and I'm not actually convinced he's the only virtuous candidate in America, but I don't think saying "even Joe Rogan prefers Sanders to Trump" is a betrayal. I think, given the way politics works, that this is more likely to result in Rogan listeners becoming trans rights supporters than in Sanders supporters moving right.
Absolutely agreement. The sex-gender dichotomy, so central to second-wave analysis, was built on trans erasure and kind of only works for cis people (and some contrarians who are absolutely valid in themselves but don't get to speak for me). There's a reason that a lot of people will cosign "trans women are women" but balk at "trans women are female," and that reason is cissexism.
People think they're all sciencey and objective because they remember what they learned in eighth grade life sciences in the 1990s: "Male and female are simple binary categories. Cis women are female, and trans women aren't." Biologists: "um actually it's way more complicated than that. that's a model we used to teach children in eighth grade life sciences because they needed easy answers that wouldn't upset the local small-town Kentucky school board. the map is not the fucking territory."
Yeah, they're generally both committed cissexists and enthusiastic transmisogynists.
If Joe Rogan endorsed me, I'd be all over it: "even the transphobes know that the trans woman is the best candidate for the job!"
Obviously they're not female, Karen. You might have a fetish for assigning organisms to categories against their will, but my fetish is self-determination. As for my answers, they have the same number of holes as I do.
Where have I proposed that we stop categorizing people? I'll wait.
If you want a formal set of instructions for category construction, it's pretty simple: the set of female people is the set of women, excluding women who claim not to be female, plus the set of people who claim to be female but not women. If we want to learn the properties of this set, we can then examine it. Hell, we can train big data algorithms on it. We will find there are a bunch of clusters within it, including a big cluster of relatively normative cis female people. We will learn that some female people vary from the rest of the set in any number of ways, but that there are a bunch of common patterns and no universal patterns, no universal diagnostic trait.
My account absolutely leaves room for enbies and I'm not sure why you would say otherwise. It just neglects to sex-classify them without asking them first, and also allows self-identified male women not to be coercively sexed against their will. Seems fair to me. And it seems to me that maybe you're just used to objective meaning coercive, because my categories *are* entirely objective: anyone who accepts my premises will construct identical sets.
I will secretly confess to you that I suspect you're right.
Have you met cissexists?
I agree; "he was assumed to be female" is infinitely better. Happily, the person you're replying to agrees and suggested that "he was assumed to be female" is more accurate.
Indeed; I carved out the exceptions I did because I don't think I'm qualified to tell you whether you're male. While as a general rule I think the set of all males must include all cis males and all trans males, I also know that language and categorization tend to be fuzzy at the margins, and it's evident that it's perfectly possible for someone to fall into a gray area of man-but -not-precisely-male or male-but-not-precisely-man. I'd be a fool to insist on simplicity at the price of being wrong.
Well said.
Oh, speaking strictly of trans women in that camp, I do in fact think they tend to be gaslit abuse victims clinging to their abusers' internalized framework. I've seen way too many people go from "i'M aN aTuOgYnOPhLiC TiMmY pLs KiCk Me" to "I'm female and I'm not going to buy into transmisogynist lies about myself" to think that those beliefs are usually sincerely held. But if someone has a sincerely held belief she's a male woman, I'll assume she is in fact different from me.
Actually, it's an explicitly semantic argument about where to draw set boundaries. If you assume cissexist set boundaries exist for a good reason precisely where they do, cool. I don't. I think it's no accident that cissexists correctly draw the boundaries to include cis males in male and cis females in female, which does mean they correctly assign around 95-98% of people. (Good for them!) But they get a bunch of things wrong. For example, a trans female with male-typical testosterone levels is probably not well, just as a cis female with the same testosterone is probably not well, and if we correctly classify both as female, the obvious course of action for a female distressed by abnormally high testosterone is ... obvious.
I'm familiar with the sex-gender dichotomy. I just think it's cissexist. My edited comment much more precisely articulates my thinking, and hopefully elucidates why I reject cissexist category construction as being inherently harmful to trans people. So, for example, "females shouldn't be forced through male puberty, and trans females aren't an exception to this rule" is something I can get behind. If trans females are males who become female, by contrast, then going through male puberty is semantically "natural" instead of the horrific trauma that it in fact is.
That's patently absurd. Most females would find testicles and penises profoundly unpleasant to have and would experience dysphoria. Trans females are no exception to this general rule.
Whereas current categories were created how? I'm not too familiar with the history of defining sex beyond a brief flirtation with Thomas Lacqueur's work in my misspent youth, but I seem to recall that it's been working backward from semantic categories since before Galen.
That seems like a pretty decent heuristic, though my "I am like them and must embody this" set included all females in a broad sense, including many trans women I'm proud to be like.
I took control of my sexual biology a long time ago. It was a great idea, and I've been much happier ever since. My refusal to let other people control the terms by which I'm described is quite the opposite of usurpation, though, and changing usage starts with ... using words differently. In this case, I don't want to lag too far behind contemporary scientific usage. In the modern medical literature, people like me are "trans females"; if it's good enough for the scientific literature, I see no reason to let randoms call me male without constructively shitposting about it. :)
I think our thinking is broadly congruent.
My experience with transition makes it hard to agree, because my pretransition state was not healthy, and my post-transition state is. Bear with me here while I explain: Grant that the healthy, non-fucked state of my body is this and not that, and that with proper medical care I would never have gone through T puberty, never suffered elevated virilization or androgens wildly in excess of what's normally healthy for a female. In other words, my pretransition state was a profound deviation from what I always needed in order to live a healthy life. This is kind of common; bodies are notoriously fucky, and lots of people's bodies endogenously fuck them over unless medical interventions nudge things back onto the right path. If the healthy state of a trans female body is transitioned, it makes semantic sense to express that in terms of how we classify it. I believe that's why contemporary scientific and medical literature classifies trans females at every stage of transition as trans females, and I think that's appropriate.
Keep in mind the possibility that your thinking may evolve. You may wake up one day with all the typically female sex characteristics that you may now desire, blink twice, and suddenly realize that no way of thinking makes sense except "I was always female, but I used to have a severe physical problem and a shit ton of societal gaslighting." Narratives change. People find explanations that make more coherent sense of their experiences, and layers of societal gaslighting and propaganda become visibly false. A huge journey like transition is a humbling thing, and a good opportunity to change your mind about ... pretty much everything, if new information arises. Or you could already have all your answers now.
&gt; It's designed so that people assigned female at birth are the grand and sole arbiters of what it means to be a women with exclusive right to give or retract those definitions at will This ties into transmisogyny and cissexism pretty directly.
I appreciate the way you said that.
It's objectively correct for those who were. Obviously if my model makes room for male women to exist (though I'm a female woman), it also makes room for MTF women who used to be male but now are female. You are 💯 valid and I fully support your truth.
Being trans in a transphobic society means getting a lot of messages about how transitioning will be a horrible mistake and you should doubt doubt doubt. It's rare to be able to just ignore those messages and not feel doubt.
Trans bodies are quite different from cis bodies, though, and there's reason to think that this is the case even before transition. Trans men are orders of magnitude more likely to have elevated endogenous T (and are more likely to be born to mothers with PCOS), for example, and then there's the obvious medical differences between trans males and cis females. Breast growth is usually normal for cis females, but for trans males is undesirable enough that it should ideally never happen in the first place and is treated with mastectomy when it does, which is also the treatment in cis males. (Fun fact: one of the oldest examples of surgery cited as medically necessary for quality of life reasons alone was gynecomastia removal, which the *ancient Greeks* considered worth the risk.) And of course after medical transition, the gulf widens enormously. Trans women are routinely underdiagnosed for things like hypothyroidism because their doctors mistakenly use male reference ranges, for example. And anyone who screens me for testicular cancer is wasting their time.
Oh, so there should be no consequences for harassing trans women in public? Should there also be no consequences for harassing straight white cis men in public? Can I go open season on men and yell slurs at them without them having any right to defend themselves?
Those cis men committed hate crime assault, though. There's video of it.
Oh, my bad. if it just happened one time in NYC, I guess we're safe just about anywhere. BRB to tell some stupid persecution-complex friends of mine they hallucinated police fucking with them for fun, but first I have to deprogram some false memories of my own.
It's very easy. Just remember that they're a selfish child. If they really love you they will go at a pace *you're* comfortable with. Maybe they can crossdress occasionally with your permission as an outlet. You should have them read the Tri-Ess rules.
I enjoyed the part where you declared that passing doesn't matter and it sets a bad example but then couldn't resist offering your very important opinion on whether she passes.
Oh. Sorry for making you look less bad than you intended to. So it shouldn't matter, and she should act like it doesn't, but it does matter to you and you needed to let the Internet know you don't think she passes? Cool.
I seem to have written an entire post about why gender abolition is not my goal. Abolish coercive gendering all you like, but I and many other women have the same gender, and we will continue to voluntarily affiliate as women anyway, so ... abolish away, I guess, but it won't last for more than a few minutes.
That's not what happened, though. They were going to try to place her in permanent *civil* detention (commitment) because they thought she might have a 51% or greater risk of reoffense. This was no longer a criminal case.
The law is being followed to the letter. The *only reason* she was going to be indefinitely committed was the risk assessment. The punitive phase of the sentence is already over; her crimes began as a juvenile after her own molestation starting at the age of seven and ended around the time she became an adult, and she's been in custody ever since. While I'm sympathetic to the idea that justice should be whatever victims' families consider fair, that's not the law.
I, too, wish the victims and families well, while recognizing that the law has to safeguard the rights of both the perpetrators and the victims.
Yes, I am a trans woman, and I consider myself female. So does the modern medical and scientific literature, which refers to women like me as "trans female" or "transgender female" or sometimes "transsexual female". If this confuses you, feel free to respectfully ask questions. While we talk, I also really need to catch up on the latest research about how trans females, both pre and post transition, show similar elevated patterns of autoimmune disease as cis females, in sharp contrast to cis males.
Ok but first you must be a tubular lesbian and a rockin lesbian and an awesome lesbian
There's no single narrative, but that doesn't mean that people who knew young should be silent. Transphobes happily will delegitimize any of us for any pretext. Please put the blame where it belongs.
The sex/gender dichotomy isn't all that useful to most binary trans people, and can be actively unhelpful.
That's not how trans people happen, of course; the existing evidence suggests that the brain structures that affect gender identity are canalized prenatally. But it's interesting that you express such a strong fear of being too feminine and associate it with trans people. Why would it be so bad to be trans, instead of a simple fact of life?
Trans female bodies aren't going to benefit terribly much from cis male health advice. Unless you've had female estrogen levels and female testosterone levels for many years, your insights into my body will be limited, and while I'm sure you're well-intentioned, we don't need medical advice from people who don't understand our biology.
In my experience, yes, it's not rare at all. Ask the internet and the hive mind will say it's impossible, but the hive mind is wrong. Takes some warming up sometimes, other times it just happens for no reason, which is pretty standard.
All the Muslim people I know have been wonderful allies and supportive friends.
You should start with the position statements on trans people and gender dysphoria of the American Psychological Association, American Medical Association, Endocrine Society, American Psychoanalytic Association, American Academy of Pediatrics, and United Nations.
If you're conventionally attractive and have some curves, yeah.
She also wrote a novel with a trans woman villain who gets threatened with prison rape by the gloating protagonist. One does not just accidentally slip up and just write a novel one morning.
Contrary to popular opinion, trans women don't have athletic advantages over cis women. Trans women have been eligible to compete in the Olympics since 2004, and this year, a trans woman made the qualifiers for the first time in any Olympic sport, where she absolutely crushed her competition by placing 230th and cheating some poor cis woman out of her spot. (Here's a biiiiig /s for anyone who thinks that's actually unfair). Given trans women's share of the population, if they had no advantages or disadvantages we'd expect to see them getting about 1% of all wins, titles, and prizes. That isn't remotely the case, and the next time you hear about trans women "crushing the competition," do your research and you'll find that that's propaganda. And frankly, even if trans women who are denied medically recommended transition healthcare until after puberty did have an advantage, which they don't, that's just a reason to let trans women transition younger and go through puberty on the same terms as their cis female peers. Nobody chooses horrific dysphoria and virilization just so she can be called a cheat at sports.
Eh. I certainly don't claim to be male.
If her trans history is the only reason, yes, absolutely. If he's like "goddamn, you're beautiful, you're perfect, I could eat you out for days" until he learns her trans history, *then the only reason is her history, not her body, personality, presentation, or behavior*. That's transphobic.
Trans women are women. Not all women share every issue; any two randomly chosen women of the four billion women on this planet will have very little in common. A rich white cis woman in America has a lot more in common with a rich white trans woman in America than she does with a poor cis sex worker in Rio or Bangkok, for example. To explain dysphoria and how it arises, and to get a more intuitive understanding of trans experiences, it would be helpful to imagine what it's actually like in a more sustained way, from the perspective of a same-gender trans person. What's your gender?
It's a bit more basic than that, because a lot of men reject traditional outmoded gender roles without rejecting maleness itself. A man who doesn't want to be forced to act like a macho stereotype is still a man (and a much more free man than those who let themselves be trained to act like John Wayne ripoffs), but he can work out how to man on his own terms. Indeed, there are trans men who aren't particularly conventionally masculine, but are definitely male. A trans woman, by contrast, isn't a man at all. She could be butch or feminine, accepting or rejecting as much of traditional female roles as she's comfortable with, but she's fundamentally female, not male. There's some really interesting research into trans genetics and neuroscience that suggests trans women are neurologically female, while trans men are neurologically male. Think of it as having female or male firmware; if the hardware doesn't match, stuff doesn't work. (I have no idea what it's like for men to have a male body, for instance. When my body was masculine, it felt alien and repulsive on a basic level; my genitals literally felt inside out, while with a female body I just feel normal.)
Biological sex matters a ton in medicine, but not in the simple way people assume, because trans female bodies aren't remotely interchangeable with cis male bodies. Anyone who treats my body as "medically male" is in for numerous rude surprises, because the basic framework is wholly inaccurate. If they use male blood work reference ranges, they will misdiagnose me with anemia. (I am not anemic.) If they use male lung function reference ranges, they'll think I have a severe pulmonary condition and the lung function of a malr in his sixties. (I don't. I have the lung function of a female in her thirties.) If they give me male doses of sex-dependent medicines, I'll sue for malpractice. Trans women have died because medical practitioners ignored their female-pattern heart attack symptoms. Yes, a trans female body will have some differences from the most modal kind of cis female body or many of the possible kinds of intersex female body. Those differences call for specialist understanding of trans female biology, not a careless grouping with cis male bodies.
I prefer trans female. It's a more accurate framing, and there's fairly strong evidence that trans people are biologically distinct populations genetically and neurologically. Most trans females are not *well* with male T levels and sex characteristics, for example, while males pretty generally are.
Sex is real, but it's not as simple as transphobes pretend. For example, I'm a trans woman, and trans female bodies like mine aren't remotely interchangeable with cis male bodies. Anyone who treats my body as "biologically male" is in for numerous rude surprises, because the basic framework is wholly inaccurate. If they use male blood work reference ranges, they will misdiagnose me with anemia. (I am not anemic.) If they use male lung function reference ranges, they'll think I have a severe pulmonary condition and the lung function of a malr in his sixties. (I don't. I have the lung function of a female in her thirties.) If they give me male doses of sex-dependent medicines, I'll sue for malpractice. Trans women have died because medical practitioners ignored their female-pattern heart attack symptoms. Yes, a trans female body will have some differences from the most modal kind of cis female body or many of the possible kinds of intersex female body. Those differences call for specialist understanding of trans female biology, not grouping them with cis male bodies.
Lactation, and the gland and duct structure that support it, require the right hormones over time to develop.
If you want to call yourself male, you can. However, I am not male, and to understand my body as male is to misunderstand it. I am trans female.
That's categorically false. Trans women are women. Otherwise you end up having to defend dumb claims like "that man having vaginal sex with that woman is totes gay!" and have to claim that my gf and I are having straight sex when we're going at it with strapons. Don't be ridiculous.
Strangely, trans women are generally *quite* familiar with being talked over -- by cis men, by cis women, in pretty much any circumstances, about our areas of expertise, about our lives, about our experiences, about our own bodies. You've made a great many assumptions already. If you want to understand trans female socialization, narrating how it must have been like is *one* option, but we also might have some relevant knowledge about our lives.
I'm not dancing around anything in particular, I simply don't trust you yet, and I am cautious about sharing my specific experience of common lifelong trans female experiences with sexualization, being talked over, being taught to view myself as less valuable than cis men, being used as a practice girl, or being targeted by both cis boys and cis girls as a "girl you can hit." As the saying goes, cis people called us girls (as a slur) up to the point where we actually transitioned, and then called us men.
You've probably been fed disinformation about us, then. It's kind of exhausting to know how many people are being spread absurd transphobic lies about our genitals and don't know better. Trans women's vaginas are vaginas. If you have questions, I'll answer them, as long as you promise to spread actual information instead of disinformation whenever the topic comes up.
Does the cisgender community reinforce gender stereotypes? Let's start there. We can explain to you what transness is, but there's a log in your eye.
I always enjoy those threats because of the time NYPD did something like that and crime dropped until they came back
https://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-proactive-policing-crime-20170925-story.html
Good. Long overdue
As it happens, this is something I know a fair bit about. Castration of humans is attested basically from the dawn of recorded history, and from the dawn of recorded history is either associated with punishment or with female presentation. Survival rates, particularly in childhood, were quite high; it's not an especially difficult surgery. Trans women and trans feminine people had roles in societies spanning from the Black Sea region to Anatolia and the Mediterranean world to Mesopotamia, were condemned in biblical texts, show up in legal codes, are mentioned in some detail by Herodotus (who claims that Scythian Enarees distilled "female poison" from mare urine and transitioned to punish themselves for having effeminate souls), etc. Hell, in late antiquity, St Augustine has a long rant about trans prostitutes scandalously existing in public (wearing makeup!) in Roman Carthage. So trans women and trans feminine people in most societies would remove their testes (and penises if they could; this seems to have been more common in some places than others, but would increase the risk) and then potentially supplement with sources of xenoestrogens (pregnant mare urine was the source of conjugated equine estrogens used for hrt into the early 2000s), and would present as women, take female names and terms of address, etc. In western Europe under the influence of early medieval Christianity, physical transition was outlawed when castration was criminalized under mayhem laws, while social transition was criminalized under travesty laws. We still hear about isolated cases of trans women as late as the 14th century (see Eleanor Rykener) -- we never went away -- but trans women were brutally suppressed. The history of transmasc people has had a very different track. Transmasculine people have been most accepted in different societies, often societies that have no or little social acceptance for trans women. Medical transition technology for trans men and transmasculine people isn't unheard of (gynecomastia removal was used an example in classical Greek medical ethics of a surgery that should be performed even if it wasn't necessary to prevent death and it was even believed that some AFAB people would spontaneously virilize if given the chance to exercise intensively enough; 2000 years later, Burton mentions rumors of ovarian ablation by secret communities of trans men in India), but it is much less well attested. However, I believe I've read a credible review finding that spontaneously occurring elevated testosterone is dramatically more common in trans men than in cis women, and that trans men have parents with PCOS (and have PCOS) at higher rates, so many trans men long before the modern era probably just lived lives as men and were careful to avoid being outed.
JK Rowling almost certainly was not thinking of that at the time. Her anti-trans interests have been fixated on the specter of trans women erasing cis women; the erasure of trans men is coming from *inside* the house. In TERF trans panic theory, use of gender neutral terms around uteruses, vaginas, and menstruation is not designed to avoid misgendering trans men and other AFAB people who have those body parts but aren't women. Rather, TERFs think it's an attempt to steal their claim to be "women = adult human female" for the sake of trans women. Therefore we would do well to stay unified against TERFs. They will harm and attack all of us happily.
Someone once wrote like eight books about how it's utterly immoral to justify oppression with fear. Those books did pretty well.
Good point. Either way, it's dramatically lower regret rates than pretty much anything else no matter how beneficial.
I think perhaps I've used that scenario several times, and so I will emerge from my slumber to refute you. Yes; as much as you may want to elevate sex into a metaphysical property, if someone finds two physically identical people equally attractive, but loses attraction to one based only on learning that they're trans, that's *entirely* in their head and entirely happening because they see the body labeled as trans as being less desirable. They are, therefore, *transphobic af*. In fact, let's take it a step further and say that you lied about which person was trans. Now your transphobic cis person is disgusted by the *cis* person's body for being trans, by their idea it's the wrong sex, and praises the trans person's body for being the sex they're "innately attracted to." They remain *transphobic af*. Their prejudice is not a reflection of a physical reality, because both bodies function the same way; both bodies' cells are responding to the same sex hormones, both body's genitals and secondary sex characteristics are biologically interchangeable, and so on, and they're actually attracted to the one they *presume* is cis, regardless of the actual history involved. Their prejudice is thus rooted in their belief that trans people are undesirable. They remain, dear reader, *transphobic af*.
Thank you for breaking down her sophisticated, clever, and cruel transphobic rhetoric. Her concern trolling about trans men and dripping contempt for trans women are also suggestive of the unresolved pain and self-loathing that it seems she has decided to visit upon us all.
I'm a trans woman the same way I'm a Jewish woman: my experiences of womanhood have been shaped by my path through life and the way women like me are treated, but obviously that doesn't mean Jewish women are their own separate nonfemale gender. In an ideal world, the difference between trans women and cis women would be like the difference between women with tans and women with freckles: pretty darn irrelevant, and not a basis for oppression.
You know that police have no legal responsibility to protect anyone, right? Their only obligation is to (selectively, arbitrarily) enforce the laws. i.e. to use force on people who break laws. This isn't a semantic distinction. This is a totally different job description. Wouldn't it be neat to have people whose only job was to directly protect their fellow citizens when violence occurs? You know, people whose actual job pays them to keep people safe rather than to use force on people who break laws?
Pay attention to the fact that she rather obviously comes out as a repressed trans man and then proceeds to concern troll about how trans men are "clever and sensitive" but they're trying to "escape the confines of womanhood"; she is obviously both envious of them and condescending. Meanwhile, her disgust and contempt for trans women is equally obvious. To accept trans women as women and trans men as men would destroy her cope where she has convinced herself that not wanting to be female is the defining universal female experience. It would be sad if she wasn't a billionaire using her power and platform to erase trans men and women.
Someone recently shared the UK stats with me: &gt; [This](https://epath.eu/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Boof-of-abstracts-EPATH2019.pdf) study states the following: &gt; "Of the 3398 patients who had appointments during this period, 16 (0.47%) expressed transition-related regret or detransitioned. Of these 16, one patient expressed regret but was not considering detransitioning, two had expressed regret and were considering detransitioning, three had detransitioned, and ten had detransitioned temporarily. The reasons stated by patients for their regret or detransition included: social factors, reporting physical complications, and changing their mind about their gender identity and identifying as their gender assigned at birth. The 16 patients consisted of 11 trans women, two trans men, two cis men, and one person assigned male at birth who said their gender identity was 'trans'." &gt; So out of 3398 patients 16 reported regret. From these 16 only 5 were considering detransition or have actually detransitioned and 11 experienced regret with no consideration of detransitioning or detransitioned temporarily.
It's basically because they're all in on transmisogyny and don't even slightly care if they hurt trans men in the process, because, for one thing, they have decided that the best thing for trans men is to detransition and be women. So if trans men get hurt, that's just tough love, and if trans women get hurt, that's "standing up to their oppressors" without any of the risks of actually challenging sexism.
Cis women have not been erased from discussions of violence, but most people who actually approach the question of gendered violence in good faith are unwilling to go along with the lie that trans women's equal rights actually cost cis women anything. It's not like there's a limited supply of equality to go around; all women who have survived abuse are stronger in solidarity.
Is your ex's new partner bigender or genderfluid, or are you misgendering them?
Just call him by his pronouns. The fact that his body appears female really isn't that salient for several reasons. First, it could be temporary; many trans people might look distinctly female now and might end up looking unmistakably male later on. Or, he could have a male gender identity or a strong preference to be seen as male but not currently be able to transition for various reasons (medical, professional, social, family, etc). By calling him by something else in an effort to clarify, you're actually creating the potential for misunderstanding; if he has a consistent pronoun preference, adding ambiguity where none exists is misleading. If you had a friend in the same situation, you'd potentially lead people to misgender them and cause your friend undue stress.
People who menstruate are not all women. I think it's doubly gross that you're so fixated on excluding trans women that you insist trans men are women if they happen to bleed sometimes.
... pardon me? Being trans is like being a criminal?
I think anyone who thinks their racial preferences aren't affected by living in a racist society has been living under a rock for the last ten years, and maybe should give themselves a chance. For example: for a long time, American mass media depicted Asian men as weak and unattractive. I'm sure a lot of Americans have that prejudice. But if that prejudice isn't nourished, it will fade; if you consume mass media that features incredibly attractive, desirable men from India and Thailand and Korea, you may find that what you thought was a preference against Asian men was actually society trying to tell you what to think and whom to value. All I'm saying is to be self-aware, for your own sake. There's no bedroom police who will force you to sleep with anyone, and you *don't need a good reason* not to sleep with or date someone. You're allowed to have bad reasons or no reason at all, and you don't have to explain yourself. "Sorry, but I'm not feeling chemistry" is good enough, and often much more decent and wiser than telling someone "I don't like your kind." But since you have to *be* yourself for the rest of your life, I'm just saying it's good to examine what you like and why, and if you discover that you've got unexamined prejudices learned from a prejudiced society, it can be good to let them fade. If I had stuck to what I thought was my "type" at twenty, I'd have missed out on the love of my life, and that's not a rare experience.
What if you discovered that he had had his penis blown off by an explosive device while doing wartime reporting, but was a month away from having phalloplasty to restore it?
Trans men are male, dude.
I'll be sure to let the doctors know that Tekktite91 has spoken and definitely knows what they're talking about, because they said so.
That's the official policy of the International Olympic Commission.
Considering that being trans is a lifelong condition that nobody chooses and that untreated trans people generally experience an increasingly debilitating distress called gender dysphoria which is associated with clinical depression, anxiety, suicidal ideation, and sharply impaired quality of life, I think national health services can spring $20 a month to pay for hormones for trans people, as well as cis people with endocrine disorders, who are also vulnerable to the same bad effects if they don't get treatment. (For example, a cisgender man born without testes should be able to get testosterone shots, and so should a trans man.) If common decency and well-being isn't enough to persuade you, though, realize that medical transition also lowers trans people's lifetime consumption of medical services -- it more than pays for itself. Suicide attempts are expensive and create expensive medical problems, substance abuse to cope with dysphoria is expensive and creates expensive medical problems, and inpatient psychiatric treatment is expensive. Spending a small amount on hormones and surgeries per trans patient can save millions of dollars in total treatment required and massively improve quality of life. It's medically necessary care, as every major medical organization in the world attests. It saves lives. It also saves money in the long run.
Someone recently shared the UK stats with me: &gt; [This](https://epath.eu/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Boof-of-abstracts-EPATH2019.pdf) study states the following: &gt; "Of the 3398 patients who had appointments during this period, 16 (0.47%) expressed transition-related regret or detransitioned. Of these 16, one patient expressed regret but was not considering detransitioning, two had expressed regret and were considering detransitioning, three had detransitioned, and ten had detransitioned temporarily. The reasons stated by patients for their regret or detransition included: social factors, reporting physical complications, and changing their mind about their gender identity and identifying as their gender assigned at birth. The 16 patients consisted of 11 trans women, two trans men, two cis men, and one person assigned male at birth who said their gender identity was 'trans'." &gt; So out of 3398 patients 16 reported regret. From these 16 only 5 were considering detransition or have actually detransitioned and 11 experienced regret with no consideration of detransitioning or detransitioned temporarily.
Yes, trans women with vaginas need gynecologists. View being trans as having firmware that's incompatible with your factory hardware. Swap out the hardware for something compatible and you're good. For most, it's not directly about software (gender roles, culture).
What part of "leave my vagina out of your psychodrama" did you not understand?
Let's say a straight man meets twins, Alpha and Beta, whom he finds super attractive. They are physically more or less identical, and he sleeps with both of them and it's great. Then someone tells him Alpha is trans, and he wants to retcon his attraction to her. Yes, that's transphobic. Then someone tells him actually it was Beta who was trans the whole time! Suddenly he wants to retcon again. He was only ever attracted to Alpha! Yes, that's transphobic. It's transphobic even if they were both cis the whole time. It's transphobic even if they were both trans the whole time.
So valid
If you wouldn't judge all cis women on the basis of a bad experience with one, you shouldn't judge all trans women on the basis of a bad experience with one.
Thanks!
Straight unless he's also attracted to men, in which case bisexual.
Not directly, but it does mean that suing for an injunction of the rule under the basis that it enables title vii sex discrimination would probably be very effective. Chase Strangio thinks the rule is probably going to be dead in the water now.
I don't think you want to claim my insights into manhood, dude. I'll be likely to say "I understand cis men really well: their vaginas are inside out, which causes them constant distress; testosterone freaks them out; people treat them as male against their will; they're desperate to be recognized as women." Is that not the male experience?
I don't have the special nonbinary between-two-worlds experience you're talking about. Maybe some people do, but my experience has been female even when I was seen as male.
Trans women are women. I suggest you clarify your post.
Women in their thirties don't need teenage boys delivering them lectures on their own bodies. That's what it has to do with anything. I know you feel entitled to speculate about my body because I was born with a penis and you apparently are one, but it is very much not appreciated. Or, if you'd prefer for me to put it in terms you can understand, from my perspective I was born with my freaking genitals inside out. You'll forgive me if I think it's ridiculous you think *circumcision* was a big fucking deal for me. If modern surgery didn't exist, I'd have hacked off everything in a heartbeat just to be rid of it, and I'd still have had better sexual function after that than with an intact uncircumcised dick.
I'm not sure why men would be better at pleasure my anatomy than that of an AFAB man with a penis. I may have misunderstood everything you were saying, of course, but the words you wrote gave the impression that you thought men were bad at pleasuring AFAB anatomy, not bad at pleasuring women.
No, this is a reason not to tell anyone you don't already trust. There are easier ways to tell if someone hates trans women than to out yourself and see if he kills you.
There's no reason why you can't have a penis and still be a woman. If phalloplasty is right for you, it will probably be a somewhat difficult road to accessing it, but there's nothing wrong with making that choice if it's what you need for your body to fit you.
It's definitely been done! You will need to get letters, but being nonbinary shouldn't be an insurmountable obstacle.
Yeah, you'll want to work that out before you make any decisions that involve massive surgeries. but it might be something working through with a mental health professional who could ultimately greenlight you if you decide it's something you need.
I mean, I got surgery so that my body would work the way I was wants comfortable with, and it's great! Speaking for trans women, studies find that over 80% of us either have or want to have vaginas. But not everyone is in a position to get surgery thanks to medical access and funding issues, getting time off work, etc. And not everyone needs it, because not every man is most comfortable with a penis and not every woman is most comfortable with a vagina. There are always exceptions to every general rule.
I'm not sure I understand the question.
LGBTQ people are about 7%. Trans people alone are about 1%.
When I say trans women are women, I mean that trans women are female, and you should adjust your definition of sex accordingly. Since I recognize your username, I think you probably already understand my reasoning. If not, I at least know that you've heard it, at length, some time ago, so I'm not going to revisit it here.
I think it's a category error to try to create a unitary definition for what is better understood as a bin/a set. From the set, we can make observations like "women/female people usually are far more comfortable with a high estrogen/low testosterone hormone balance," and "women/female people usually have estrogenic secondary sex traits" and even "they usually have vaginas, but not always" and even "they usually have XX chromosomes, but not always." Within that bin/set, you can define a number of subsets based on whichever similarities or affinities you want to highlight further. It's a different way to conceptualize than a definition-based way, and its observations are inductively reasoned from the actual members of the set rather than being deduced from definitions, so it's maybe less initially satisfying, but it's also far more robust. And it lets you learn from observation of the set rather than simply repeating definitions.
Circularity is an artifact of the way you're approaching the problem. Don't start with a definition and try to make reality fit. Start with reality, and try to structure your observations based on that reality. Woman/female and man/male are sets, mathematical bins, categories we put human bodies into. Like all complex, large categories, it's hard to construct a definition that applies to all of them or find a single common trait they all have. Exceptions will exist to basically every rule you try to construct, and that's only a problem if you make it a problem; otherwise it's just a normal feature of large sets of disparate things. I am in the female set because I tell you so. So far as we know, but with less certainty, Einstein and Napoleon are in the male set. We didn't use a definition to put any of us in those sets. Nobody ever karyotyped Napoleon, asked his gender identity, examined his penis to make sure it was longer at birth than the minimum used by 20th century doctors to sex babies, or anything like that. We just call him he and assume that's the right set because we never heard anything to the contrary. And that's fine. Just know what you can actually do with a set: you can make observations from a set, finding patterns or trends with outliers, but you can't use strict, invariate rule-based deductive reasoning. You can make predictions, not inferences from axioms. You could say "if you meet a woman there's a very high chance she'll have XX chromosomes," and "if you meet a woman there's a very high chance she'll have ovaries," but these are common or typical features, not universal rule-based truths. Does that help?
1. You can't change someone's sexual orientation or gender identity. 2. Trans people don't change their gender identities. There's no "difference in ideology "
1. Trans people would cease to exist if we got rid of *sex*. Do you want to do that? 2. In practice, "abolish gender" means "abolish women." As a trans woman, I'm not down for that.
It's called a brute fact. You might not agree with gravity either, but gravity doesn't care. But since you think you have special insight into trans people, go ahead and explain to me how trans people's gender identities change. Do you read their minds or something?
You're not making sense and you're being very vague. Trans people obviously exist, and have for all of recorded human history. This is a standard human phenomenon that happens. We've observed a neurological basis for it ("neurological sex," "gender identity," tomayto, tomahto), and we know that transition has a lower regret rate (0.3%) than life-saving chemotherapy (low double digits) and is associated with massive improvements in wellbeing, [as documented by scores of large studies](https://whatweknow.inequality.cornell.edu/topics/lgbt-equality/what-does-the-scholarly-research-say-about-the-well-being-of-transgender-people/). We know that persecuting trans people for being trans hurts them and accepting them helps them. That's just objective, observed fact, but if you want to go all antivaxxer about it, you can. We also know that gay people thrive when they're not persecuted for their romantic and sexual relationships with same-sex people. That's just objective, observed fact, but if you want to go all Flat Earth about that, you can. Where's the "ideological inconsistency"? Oh, right, it doesn't exist outside of meaningless semantic games.
Oh, I'm not intersex either and can't speak to that. I just know a lot of intersex trans people and wanted to raise awareness of the diversity of intersex people's gender identities.
Fair. I'd like to see more of the second kind of fear -- "they're badass bitches, don't mess with them."
For the effects of sex hormones on the human body? Start with the links below and then hit up their bibliographies. Pay particular attention to the action of sex hormone receptors, present in basically all cells, which regulate androgenic or estrogenic protein expression based on sex hormones, creating almost all biomedical sexual dimorphism. In contemporary medical education, the rule of thumb is that for most purposes, unless you have more trans-specific information, you go with whatever the dominant hormone balance is. Otherwise (sadly often, because the median doctor got a medical degree in 2000), Bad Things Happen, like trans women getting misdiagnosed with anemia because doctors incorrectly used male reference ranges, or my friend being told she must have lung disease and the lung function of a 55-year-old male, when female reference ranges correctly classified her as a female in her early thirties. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estradiol https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Testosterone https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transgender_hormone_therapy_(male-to-female) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transgender_hormone_therapy_(female-to-male) Or did you mean for chromosomes being genetic libraries and most everyone having the genetics to express either androgenic or estrogenic biological traits?
https://mobile.twitter.com/transscribe/status/1128975783593160706 Sexually dimorphic differences in typical heart attack symptoms are well known and you should be able to find the basics in the Wikipedia page for myocardial infarction.
it's a boo ...
Gender is a pretty vague term, referring to half a dozen separate things. To me, though, it always meant something very specific. I'm a trans woman; I'm female. Sex and gender aren't separate things for me; it's just that my body virilized in a bunch of ways that were profoundly off, and for any congruency in my own body, I had to fix that. And having my sex recognized as female by others is important because it's a pretty basic fact about me that affects every aspect of my life. On the most physical level, anyone who understands that I'm female isn't going to have trouble understanding that I need high estrogen and low testosterone, won't question why I needed to have a vagina, will understand why I have estrogenic secondary sex characteristics, etc etc etc. They won't expect me to have male medical traits and needs (which I don't), they will understand that straight women and gay men aren't sexually attracted to me, and so on.
Sometimes someone needs to say something, I'm the only person who does, and I'm not happy about it. Sometimes I'm in a teaching mood. But mostly, I can tell usually in an instant when someone is looking to learn and when someone is looking to bully, and they deserve to taste some contempt and look like fools.
I didn't get a vagina to wear pretty dresses. I got a vagina to have a vagina. If I had the slightest interest in being male, I wouldn't have transitioned, I'd just have gotten bigger pretty dresses to fit a body running on testosterone. Pretty dresses are lit, and I do wear them, but give me the same credit for separating sex from gender roles that you give yourself.
Trans describes my history and my struggle. It's an important part of my life. But it's not my gender. I'm also bisexual; feel free to call me a bisexual woman, but that's not my gender either. I'm tall; that's not my gender either, but I'm proud of my height. I'm a woman; I'm female; and sometimes it's important to specifically mention that I'm a trans woman, or a bisexual woman, or a tall woman, or, from time to time, a tall bisexual trans woman. Does that help?
Passing is primarily a function of, in the following order, face, voice, and (a distant third) overall body shape. All three are extremely malleable by putting in enough work, genetic luck on hormones, or surgery.
Neovagina is the correct term for during the surgery. Similarly, if you were having your aorta replaced, they'd distinguish between aorta and neoaorta to make it clear which was which. But after that, just call it your vagina. You don't get any input, really, beyond choice of surgeon. They're going to base it on their house technique and your available tissue. Pick someone who makes vaginas you like from donor tissue like yours.
Or "I never thought I'd see this in America" is effective rhetoric to help liberals see what's been happening all along and come to terms with it, and they'll pick up on the history of oppression later once they've committed to ending it.
Trying to abolish gender to abolish gendered discrimination and oppression is like trying to "I don't see color" our way out of white supremacy. The problem isn't the categories but the material conditions and power relations.
Are you talking about yourself or somebody else? Either way, if you don't feel proud of yourself, maybe that's a sign that you're not doing everything you need to do in life, and that something in you is crying out for more than what you're settling for.
Here's a great thought experiment so you can see the transphobia there for what it is. Work through this step by step, thinking about why you are reacting the way you are, and show your work/thought process before you move on to the next step. 1. Let's say you meet two apparently identical people, A and B. You're super attracted to both, you've seen them both naked, and you want to date both of them. 2. Then I tell you that A is trans. Does that change anything for you? Are you less attracted to A? Is that a deal breaker? 3. Then I reveal that B is actually the one who is trans. How do you feel about that? Are you less attracted to B? Why? 4. Then I reveal that both of them were cis the entire time. How do you feel about that? What changed when you thought they were trans? Their bodies never changed, remember, only the way you mentally labeled them.
Apples to oranges comparison. If a cis person lies and says they're trans and you instantly lose attraction, it has nothing to do with their body or your sexual orientation and everything to do with prejudice. If a trans person is hot until you learn their history, same deal. By contrast, if you're only attracted to men and think a man is hot and his sister isn't, that's a response to the actual bodies in front of you. If the sister transitioned to male and you then found him attractive, it wouldn't be a big shock but a reaction to a tangible material change in front of you.
So? Transphobia is a deal breaker for trans people too. We don't *want* to sleep with people who aren't attracted to us, especially if the reason is prejudice. Doesn't mean people shouldn't confront their prejudice and try not to pass it on to the next generation.
Cool, good for them.
Sexual orientation is separate from gender. So I personally am bisexual and always have been, but being with *anyone* felt awful in a masculine body, and now that I've transitioned and my body is female in all the ways my brain expects it to be, I'm able to be attracted to men and women both.
As a trans woman who'd like the option of carrying children, I'm not sure who would have anything like a reasonable problem with this. Oh no, a woman had a baby and took very very good care of them.
1) you seem to forget that transmasculine people remove healthy uteruses all the time, numbers of transfeminine and transmasculine people are fairly similar, and trans people of all genders share some pretty serious medical interests in supporting each other and advancing trans healthcare. 2) antirejection technology is on the cusp of numerous breakthroughs. obviously without that it's a much less practical thing to do, and I doubt we'll see this universally covered for any woman, trans or cis, until that happens. 3) the medical necessity case is more or less identical to any other woman with uterine agenesis, a bar that's been successfully cleared numerous times before, and happily that's also the approach being taken to get ethical clearance to proceed. 4) you may not be aware, but the size of "AMAB" pelvises isn't some kind of standardized invariant thing. Most likely the first trans women to get this procedure will be ideal candidates: childhood transitioners with fairly normative pelvic anatomy resulting from exclusively estrogenic puberty. Those "millions of years of adaptations" will obviously come into play in their favor. If you need time to move the goalposts some more, I can wait.
Your position is already bad-faith, and you've been archly ignoring my substantive points with an exquisite condescension born of your own sense of superiority for this entire thread, but go off sis
1. Trans people's gender expression and relation to gender is no less sophisticated or thoughtful than cis people's, and often more. Assume that a trans woman has to negotiate her relationship to womanhood in as thoughtful or careless a way as anyone else. 2. Abolishing gender categories doesn't get us very far. The problems are material oppression and deprivation, not the existence of categories or even the existence of cultural heritage and discourses that are connected to those categories. So I think the gender abolitionist position tends to turn into the "I don't see color" of gender awfully fast. 3. I think it's often easy to use concepts designed for cis people to analyze trans people, which unfortunately erases the complexity of trans people's relation to both gender and sex.
Remember that it's probably extremely awkward for her, because she probably feels literally inside out and someone's zapping her in places that shouldn't even exist and that she's probably very used to concealing. It might be nice to briefly and professionally explain the process, then talk about something that's unrelated and relaxing and relatively low stakes. My laser tech talked about the weather, her daughter's college major, etc.
Gender roles/expression have nothing to do with gender identity. You don't need to be feminine to be female. Your daughter doesn't need to be girly to know she's a girl. Plenty of trans girls are tomboys, especially in adolescence; that doesn't mean they want to be males.
How old is your child? Correct protocol depends on age.
Your co-parent needs to understand that his daughter doesn't have to be girly to be a girl, but that this is a neurobiological reality, so he can either support a living daughter or torture her to try and make her pretend to be a son, and at the extreme end, if he inflicts enough suffering on her by denying her support and healthcare, the most he'll get is a dead daughter he can bury as a son. Male puberty will hurt your daughter as much as injecting estrogen into himself would hurt parent #2.
"how much exclusion is okay? can we exclude the poor ones, the ugly ones, the old ones, the ones from backward places, the ones without resources or friends?" I know you're probably not aware you're thinking in those terms, but that's what the search for a middle ground looks like, where you draw a line that includes most cis women and some or many trans women, but is designed to exclude others. With anti-trans hate as with many others, the ideological justification comes after the stigma, and often draws its force from the effects of stigma. Trans women forced to go through testosterone puberty and live desperate, secretive lives trying to stay sane while passing as men *will often be pretty easy to look down on*, in much the same way as victims of sustained torture: who likes a cringing, nervous, distrustful wreck with chronic damage and severely weird coping mechanisms? It's so much easier to relate to people who've always been treated fairly kindly.
Right??? In practice, I mostly see Karen used by more marginalized women. Maybe it's the circles I move in, but the men I know don't seem to need the word quite so much. That's why it leaves a pretty sour taste in my mouth to see Karen denounced as an anti-woman slur; it feels like a move to use the existence of misogyny *to silence less powerful women who are calling it out privileged misbehavior*.
The same people want to kill us? We're not a social club; we're a defensive alliance.
