Why is this downvoted
&gt;My Dad DIY’d his tattoo. &gt;My Dad Do It Yourselfed his tattoo.
They aren’t kingdoms. They’re just 1st level administrative subdivisions.
Second division winners should be elligible to enter this competition
Why would you lie about this being on an N64? It’s clearly from an emulator
https://www.reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/7cld4c/a_new_europe_with_a_lasting_peace_the_unification/
/r/etymologymaps /r/LinguisticMaps
Ehh, not really? It’s just 7 Emirates
Goddamnit Florentino
But if you think about it, having one tram line in a 10 thousand people town is pretty good.
In 2014?
Just because it’s not consious doesn’t mean it’s not killing. Abortion is killing of an innocent human being. But it should be legal regardless of that. Stop justifying your views on abortion by dehumanizing foetuses.
&gt; A fetus is not a human being It is. Stop lying to yourself. But that doesn’t change that abortion should be legal on demand.
I was talking a HUMAN fetus. Which was obvious from the context. Stop being a smartass.
Well they never called themselves communist countries
&gt; Since 1999 &gt;It’s an ancient tradition So which one is it
only black*
They linked the dedicated Smash Ultimate Sub in the announcement about locking. What’s the problem?
The rest of the UK is far more important for Scotland that all the European Union countries. It would be like Brexit but much worse.
How does that matter? And a islamic terrorist would describe his acts as good and according to god’s will. You wouldn’t title it like that though. The vulgarity is enough for this title to be bad.
People need to do this instead of rating on reddit. Why do people type out posts that make it sound they believe the developers lurk here?
Not all frame perfect tricks are hard.
NoA employees maybe. Nintendo? No way.
Yeah especially when they elected Nazis in 1933
/r/fellowkids
Legally Basque country is more autonomous that Scotland, N. Ireland or Wales. Just because the British call them countries doesn’t mean they’re special, they’re just first level autonomous divisions.
Do you understand the definition of the word *fascist* ?
&gt; Scotland can unilaterally call for an independence referendum from the UK if it wanted to Source? The 2014 referendum was not unilateral. It was initiative from Westminster, the Scottish parliament had no say in it.
Autocracy is not the same thing as a fascist state
That doesn’t say anything about the level of autonomy. The difference here is that the Spanish government won’t agree to a independence referendum, the British one did.
It’s the exact same thing as in English but in English you put spaces between the nouns. Paid Football Organisation vs Paidfootballorganisation
Would it be possible to include last week’s placings in the table? /u/phigo50
Now I expect /r/soccer to make an XI out of players without an appendix
What? How are words descended from Proto-Slavic *sněgъ not Slavic???
Cities and towns were often Polish and Jewish, and the villages were Ruthenian
&gt;St. Louis
&gt;If I remember correctly, he wasn't born in modern day Germany so why he has the name escapes me. It’s just a name. You don’t have to be Scottish to be named Scott. Or French to be called Francis.
Missing 1975 and 2016 for the UK
Actually the king of Britain can be of any faith, except Catholicism.
Bulgarians are an ethnicity, not a genetic group. And Gagauzes are clearly ethnically distinct from Bulgarians.
It’s a solid reminder that the competitive community wants to ban things preemptively before there are signs of any problems
Same thing happens on /r/soccer but with footy players
What is the blog called?
To be fair I'm worried about his son growing up with an alcoholic dad. That's just not healthy. Also his son is visibly overweight at age when it's never the child's fault, but the parents'.
Where's UEFA men's national-team coefficient rankings?
By donations
It’s not No true Scotsman if your “progressive Muslim” goes against the basics described in Quran.
And the P in JPEG stands for *Photographic*, do you pronounce it like jfeg?
When you're in a highway you are reading the sign from below. What the fuck do books have to do with anything
Mods deleted the first post
It's not stolen lol, have you listened to both pieces?
Why is it somehow acceptable for everyone on /r/soccer to hold a grudge against the Sun because of something they did 30 years ago and have apologized for since? But holding a grudge against both Liverpool and their fans for what happened 30 years ago is not. I don’t really care either way but it seems like a double standard. Is it just basic tribalism, us vs them? *Media bad, football communities good* kind of thing? Edit: If you want to downvote, then answer the question first
Yes everyone you hate is secretly American
You don’t want a derby in the Super Cup?
Lmao Tottenham is club #10 in the world when it comes to revenue, stop pretending you’re a poor little club
better that than him going on the pitch in 60th minute then off the pitch in the 80th
How can you actually say 0% chance if Modrić won it last year
You realize that UEFA finals are scheduled 2-3 years in advance and before any national league?
There is literally nothing wrong with being a fan of a player over any club I don’t do it but I understand why someone would.
You’re basically saying “Stop enjoying something in a way I don’t”, that’s just sad and closeminded
Do you support a team or do you support a club
Well yeah but there are people who support teams over clubs
Most people don’t take sports that seriously but rather just as pastime to watch something on tv every couple days
next year law revisions will change to remove all subjectivity actually and the smartest thing will be to aim for the hands for the guaranteed penalties
People laugh at American team names but I’d prefer my team to have ”Denver Nuggets” printed on the front of the shirt rather than ”Yokohama Tyres” They’re not even from Yokohama, that’s even worse than LA Lakers
If Dinamo Zagreb won the Champions League would it count for Serbia or Croatia? Edit: Under yugoslavia
Serbian FA is the successor to Yugoslavia FA
Why? It’s pretty much the same format as *the* World Cup but with clubs not national teams. What’s wrong with it?
Why do people criticize the mods for removing posts? But never for leaving up shitty, obviously false, tier-10 rumours?
Why do people still say Trippier plays out of position?
But his daughter is just a kid like 5 years old? Even the most conservative burka-wearing muslims don’t cover up kids, or so I thought?
Why do people blame UEFA for the three week gap between the end of the league and the UCL final when: * the UCL final date wasnt very different from what we had in the last few years * the UCL final is always scheduled long before any league schedule * no one could have known it would be 2 English teams and different leagues finish at different times There are plenty of reasons to criticise UEFA but come the fuck on.
It’s a 1 billion project so I imagine it’s not insanely high
I think a Champions League with promotion and relegation could be great for bridging the financial gap between the top 4 leagues and the rest of Europe. If done right.
No, Super League implies dropping out of national leagues and playing in a closed competition set up by the rich clubs themselves Think more of the Brazilian league system
CL allows clubs from weaker countries to make money but for only 1 club per country so it doesn’t do much good
Don’t kid yourself. We just had a format change 2 years ago that gave top 4 leagues 16/32 group stage spots. How can smaller countries compete if the system is rigged against them?
The old format will almost certainly happen in 2019 and 2020 The new format will possibly happen and if it does, it will be in 2021 It’s supposed to replace the Confed. Cup and the Confed. Cup always was hosted in the country about to host the World cup the following year But it can’t because you can’t host a summer tournament in Qatar due to the temperatures so they’ll have to choose another country
Short answer: because Conmebol is incompetent Long answer: because 2019 is 4 years after 2015, why 2020? because they want to switch to the same years as the European Championship for some reason
Who are some managers who mostly care about players’ performance in training and not in actual matches
It’s great. It just doesn’t feel like a Barcelona kit.
Clean sheets are useless for comparing keepers
iss not funneh
What’s FWC?
That wasn’t my point.
Why even reply to my comment? You’re acting like an asshole for no reason
&gt;I want to know more. Then stop acting like a smartass and rude?
I’m not accusing anyone for being a bad parent because I don’t know but there are enough signs for haters to pick up on if they cared. Not having both parents together in a relationship is the first one.
&gt; My point is that it's interesting how I've never seen you mention why you think some footballers are bad fathers to their children. totally not rude
Are seriously excited for a World Cup held in November-December?
Re-read my comment. I’m not stating my opinion. I’m stating what a hater would say if they cared. I made up an example.
No I’m not suggesting anything I’m just saying that it’s interesting how haters never focus on this aspect of their lives Jesus christ what’s with the strawmen in this thread
I wasn’t talking about what you said, I said ”in this thread”
I even don’t care about player drama, just had a random thought and decided to post it as a comment on DDT then backed it up with an example
&gt; People in here have just answered the question you put forward, and then you just say really weird and defensive statements, with literally no context? I agree with everything else they said, so what do I have to say about it? Nothing I’m only replying to thoughts worth discussing, which are the misunderstandings
Official Twitter should have it
with less than half of the players being english I was speaking more of the national team and english players rather than clubs
Who’s there
Which /r/soccer thread did “Jewish war” come from?
But they are supposed to be every 2 years by design
Yes the Actual German pronunciation is different but that’s not the point. This is as close as you can get within the bounds of English phonology.
It’s Fernando Santos’ Portugal…
Because there’s nothing else to watch in Europe this summer
Are the English so insecure about their national team that they’re joking about winning literally 2 matches
2006 World Cup Ukraine team had 5 players named Andriy in their XI What are some other teams like that? Hard mode: no Muhammads
France has the same number of UCLs as Serbia, Romania, Aston Villa or HSV And their only trophy, OM’s, came out of a campaign that had their national championship title stripped and them relegated
Maradona*
/r/lostredditors /r/comedycemetery
Why not link this https://antiqueprintmaproom.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/_/m/_mg_9914_copy_1.jpg
&gt; Considering the fact that it means whichever team wins gets a free pass to the Euros wrong this is just for a trophy
Do English fans realize they seem just as insufferable to other Europeans as Liverpool fans to the rest of England?
Why *SPA*? ESP is the Fifa country code for Spain, not SPA
I’m pretty sure it’s just there to have 4 matches instead of 3
For benefit of the doubt to work it would have to be written in the rule. So let’s say up to 5 cm.
Do you think UEFA will re-use the Cup Winners Cup for the proposed 3rd tier club competition? Or will they make a new one
I’m talking about the trophy, the object called Cup Winners Cup, not about the access list or the competition
Polish is not *that* different from German. If you speak German with Polish phonology the only things that are missing are * vowel length * umlauted vowels * h/ch distinction
&gt; occupied by russians til 1918. Well no, you forgot about the Germans
&gt; Also i think the World Cup and European Championship winner should qualify automatically for the next tournament anyways. I don’t think so. The idea has merit when to comes to nations league/euro because they’re in the same year as the qualifiers. But there’s 4 years between two World Cups or Euros, that’s too long.
You realize that Conmebol invites foreign teams every edition to Copa America? And this time it’s the finalist (Japan) and the champion of Asia (Qatar). How exactly does that make Copa America 2019 a joke???
Who will be the first coach to get a red card?
&gt;&gt; Many of Europe's clubs are unhappy. It has been established that 90% of the total domestic broadcasting revenue across all leagues goes to clubs in the big five countries - England, Spain, Italy, Germany and France. For overseas broadcasting revenue, the figure rises to 95%. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Beyond that, in the big five leagues, around 50% of overall income comes through TV deals, with 10% coming from various areas of distribution from Europe's governing body, Uefa. Lower down the scale, almost all income comes through Uefa. In countries like Finland and Poland for instance, qualification for any European competition is a big deal. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Yet even then, there is a negative. If, for instance, a Polish team reaches the group phase of the Champions League, the finances it generates distort their domestic market. Legia Warsaw's appearance in the 2016-17 group stage was an achievement no other Polish club had managed for 20 years. It coincided with Legia winning five Ekstraklasa titles in six, something that has not happened in living memory. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; ECA vice-chairman Aki Riihilahti, a former Crystal Palace player and current HJK Helsinki president, made a bleak prediction: "If we continue as we are, professional football in countries like ours will slowly die." What would you do to address this?
Other bids: * Morocco * Uruguay Argentina Paraguay Chile * Bulgaria Greece Romania Serbia * England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Republic of Ireland
Actually the same 4 Balkan countries are applying to host Euro 2028
What sounds stupid?
&gt; I’m surprised those countries play each other in football. I’d imagine it could get very... nationalistic? Literally every international football match is a display of nationalism
No, subtitles should transcribe exactly what was said. Not put words in the speakers mouth that they never said.
Do Nations League winning team get a little shirt badge in the center? Like the [World champions](https://img.bleacherreport.net/img/images/photos/003/775/608/hi-res-fa2b9836080787100a39cb44e8c38a99_crop_north.jpg?h=533&amp;w=800&amp;q=70&amp;crop_x=center&amp;crop_y=top) and the [European champions](https://media.malaymail.com/uploads/articles/2019/2019-03/crroeuro2303.jpg)?
Their matches could be moved to another country
Why is the super league bad for non top-5 countries
Another reason why this joke &gt;Who’s playing? &gt;&gt;Austria and Hungary &gt;Against whom? doesn’t work. They played 40 matches before the end of World War I and there was never a common Austro-Hungarian team.
I see too many English fans online always blaming players from their rival clubs or the players they want to hate, not the players that actually deserve the blame for bad performances in England national team. It’s like they don’t even watch the games and just look at the starting lineup.
&gt; have been a couple of very recognizable posters delete their accounts because they found the hatred spewed in this sub overwhelming are you saying those people were not toxic themselves?
Opposite
Might as well include British Home Championships for England and Scotland since at the beginning it had 100% of national football teams in the world
UEFA super league would be bad for lower clubs from top leagues but would it bad for top clubs from worse leagues, compared to what we have now?
you must be shit at parties
why
that wasn’t my point at all, my point is that this handball chaned nothing in the outcome of the game
Really puts clubs from lower leagues at a disadvantage
Why are people saying that the new Club World Cup format would be less prestigious? The new format is almost the same as the World Cup while the old/current one is the same as the Confederations Cup, with one team per continent.
1
USA has won 6 out of 14 Gold Cups
Supposedly like half of this sub is American. So why does no one care about the Concacaf Gold Cup? They care about women’s football because they’re good at it. Why do they not care about being one of the best teams of their continent, if they won it 6 out of 14 times, and host it almost every time?
I’m not getting stressed over anything lol Just asking out of curiosity
I said *like half* , I wasn’t being literal. It’s the biggest nationality by far on here and it was over 30% in 2017
But that’s just the truth isn’t it?
&gt; Getting into the CL because some other club qualified for the CL and you ride in on their coattails is bullshit. this is literally how country coefficient ranking works though
I hate it when the goal video that gets left up is the one with no alternate angles or replay and instead ends one second after the goal
&gt;Jam packing qualifiers into an already tight schedule is ludicrous. I don’t understand why you think there are more matches What qualifiers? My proposed scenario gets rid of qualifiers. 128 teams means that the finalists play 6 double-legged matches and one final. Exactly the same number as top 4 from England, Spain, top 3 from Russia, etc if they get to the final.
There’s &gt;have the big teams enter in a latter round And there’s bullshit which happens in the Champions League in which lower league teams are put into extreme disadvantage because they have to waste all summer attempting to qualify instead of getting a rest Doing it my way would be more fair for everyone involved Yes first two rounds may not be as entertaining but neither are draws from teams that already qualified through so what’s really the difference?
Except the current allocation is made to advantage the top leagues more than they deserve. Making it through the qualifiers is harder than the lower teams deserve it due to harsh schedule and qualifying rounds that take place over summer
https://global.espn.com/football/blog/marcottis-musings/62/post/2930404/uefa-champions-league-structural-changes-as-explained-by-gab-marcotti &gt;those smaller teams won't really have their players pulled into international tournaments But I already told you, they will
Getting no summer break means they’re getting a rest? Are you joking?
And you said that none of the 64+32 matchups in round 1 and 2 would be entertaining which is just false
How much is that compared to the men’s team?
But that’s English, not Polish In Polish there’s a word *strajk* which means workers’ protest and comes from English *strike* As you know the word *strike* has many different meanings but a Polish person would most likely only associate it with a workers’ protest. Same thing.
&gt;This playoff system was designed to help Azerbaijan qualify for euros at home What? They’re unlikely to qualify even with this system. And how can you say that when none of the host teams qualify automatically
Interesting how John Stones never won the Johnstones Paint Trophy
Can a club request to play in the Europa League and not the Champions League?
I know I’m just asking if they can request that
You can legally watch every Premier League match on TV if you live outside the UK
Though you still see the Premier League referenced to as the BPL.
Ah yes, the British Premier League Featuring Celtic, Rangers and Hearts
How many matches per week are there per round in Champions+Europa League (combined) early stages?
Why does CONMEBOL want to host Copa America at the same time as the Euro?
&gt;But i'm not totally sure how that would affect their coefficient It’s because the coefficient is divided by the number of teams, all the other countries have at least 2 teams in Europe while Liechtenstein has just one
Why does Copa America need to invite teams if they start out with a group stage anyway
This is how it was done before the 90s except there was a second group stage and no bracket
But you don't need 12. Have 2 groups of 5 and then top 4 go to quarter-finals or top 2 go to semi-finals.
Some people want reduced goal dimensions for women’s football. But what about smaller pitches and fewer players? Wouldn’t it be a good idea?
We should really count colonies and not just states. For example Pennsylvania was founded in 1681/82.
Source?
How much money does UEFA make from UCL qualifiers?
&gt;Since the country is half French and half Dutch, why don't they have a mix of both flags. /r/shitreuropesays
&gt; German names have been completely eradicated from the history of this region and replaced with Polish names what does that even mean? What german names? Placenames? Those weren’t changed or re-invented, they’re still the same in Polish as they were before and the same in German now as they were before.
Am I supposed to call it Breslał in Polish instead of Wrocław? What exactly is your point? You’re basically saying &gt;You’re wrong but I won’t explain how and why and Just call you ignorant instead of clarifying my previous statements
But what’s the point of this? Why not just greet them at their first home game?
&gt; the Bosnia
For example the club world cup used to be called FIFA Club World Championship and its precedessor was the Intercontinental Cup. Both names are better than what we have now.
I don’t know lol
Terrible comparision... You may say that Champions League winner isn’t actually the best team in Europe but it is won by actually playing the sport, by earning it Ballon dor is voted on and basically a reputation award
But it’s subjective and not something you actually earn, that’s my point
You’re missing the point entirely holy shit
Apart from the Middle Europe, in this map: * Most of Italy is turned into the Papal State * Southern Italy is given to Greece * Sardinia is given to Spain * Serbian-Albanian state * Hebräische Reich marked as Slavic * Lappland is given to Sweden What could go wrong?
There’s also an addition of this map showing Africa and the colonies but I can’t find it
Not really ligature porn imo
This never happened lmao
&gt; German troops occupying the Warsaw district while Slavic troops reside in Berlin, what could go wrong? This is the point though, you can see that Slavic troops work in Romance cantons and vice versa
&gt;Meanwhile I can't remember, for instance, any international slave trades trafficking mainly in people with funny looking eyes So it’s ok to discriminate if people were never killed and enslaved over it?
&gt; City state are not feasible in the modern world. What? why?
Just put a FAQ in the DDT, in the OP or in the sticked comment
Gold Cup, Copa America are on
The Man Shaft*
People would be more eager to support their local, not foreign clubs if the Champions League wasn’t rigged against the weaker leagues The concept of the group stage and teams entering at different qualifying rounds is bullshit
Started like a month ago in England
But most of these cities would never get to host European Championship matches on their own, consider this.
I know. Then stop doing it.
It should be replaced by something unique rather than being just the FA Cup II For example, by regional/county cups
I know the results of Summit but didn’t watch it at all. Which sets should I watch?
Thank you for your service o7
Why are there so many comments when the article is in French? I doubt most of /r/soccer knows French. I hope people don’t comment based on the title alone?
With new rules you risk a yellow card if you do it even if you don’t save it
It’s ok because everyone else does this?????
what are the dates supposed to mean?
The Laws of the Game state that goalkeeper must be given a yellow card if they offend and it’s saved, it’s that simple
It’s never enforced? It’s only in force since the 1st of June
Anything that happens on the pitch during a game is inherently more valuable than some quotes or tweets
&gt;That they're not interesting and there's nothing to discuss? What are you going to talk about - the body language of players waiting for a throw-in to be taken? Please. How many of those clips are actually posted now or couple months ago? Almost none. So what’s the problem?
&gt;But, it wasn't saved. It hit the fucking post. The Laws of the Game dont make that distinction.
Wouldn’t that cause the leagues to be even more dominated by one team each
But reducing each country to one team is not the way to do that, a proper format change is
Time to host 2022 IFAB Men’s Soccer World Championship then
Europa League final is in Gdansk next year
Why do people say that the new club world cup would be a bad idea?
They literally did for Qatar
To be fair ”La Liga” is a shitty name
What does this mean? Does this mean that Portugal will get a nations league shirt badge next to their Euro badge? &gt;39.03 The reigning UEFA Nations League titleholder may wear the UEFA Nations League winner badge provided by UEFA during: &gt; a. the following UEFA Nations League for the league phase and finals; &gt; &gt; b. the following European Football Championship qualifying competition and final tournament
imagine gilding your own comment
Exactly. Club football has hope to change. One of the reasons why Europe is so dominant is that the Champions League is considered the most prestigious trophy after the World Cup in all of football while the CWC is seen as more of a friendly. A proper club world cup would bring other confederations closer.
Western Pomerania the most visited? What the fuck is there to do?
I would personally make the second row like this: https://i.imgur.com/rYtEC1h.jpg. Sorry for the crappy quality but I thin you should get the point. &gt;How is я normally written in Vyaz? Either as ѧ or as *і* connected to *а* with a stroke, often with a dot in the middle. https://dic.academic.ru/pictures/wiki/files/90/Zagolovok04.jpg I guess you could use the modern form of я but it would get confused with *a* Edit: I actually messed up with the pic I uploaded, I put *a* where *я* should be
But why doyou need VAR? There’s no point in having VAR because one referee is enough to spot any illegal moves during a penalty.
Why did all the top referee choose to ignore the rule about the keeper stepping of his line during a penalty? It’s such an important rule. I always complained about this but no ref ever cared even during world cup or champions league finals, why? And now people think that it shouldn’t be enforced just because it wasn’t before? What the hell?
When did what happen
https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/c2tjpj/exclusive_vars_in_premier_league_will_not_rule_on/ just read some of the comments
&gt;They're also expected to watch either side of the box for encroachment, by the way, how many eyes are they supposed to have? VAR can take care of that. I was solely speaking about the keeper and the striker, that can be managed by just the ref. &gt;VARs in Premier League will NOT rule on keepers’ position at penalties, that will be left to on-field officials.
Can you read? &gt;VARs in Premier League will NOT rule on keepers’ position at penalties keepers’ position at penalties - ref encroachment into the box - var
Encroachment affects both saved and scored penalties though
encroachment has nothing to do with the statement &gt;PL don’t want to see situation where every saved penalty is re-taken
I’m saying that encroachment has nothing to do with the matter at hand
You’re wrong. The Laws of the Game don’t distinguish between a missed and a saved penalty.
Because when a goalkeeper breaks a rule to save a penalty, the penalty is retaken. Stepping of the line is illegal. Keepers would stop doing it if it was actually enforced. Next season law change actually makes it easier for the keepers because they only have to one foot above the line, not both.
They’re using up-to-date rules in a tournament??? God forbid!!
Well no because the rules are different from next season. A goalkeeper is allowed to have one foot off the line.
&gt; and created the most chances during the entire tournament of all players. Of all English players or of all players?
Also both teams where Lloris is the captain have a cock in their badges
&gt; Germany's has already been leaked fyi. Can you show me?
&gt; and the second part of the name (Жермен) is basically a copy of the French spelling without any regard for how it sounds. False. Germain is pronounced /ʒɛʁ.mɛ̃/ so Russian transcription Жермен is as phonetic as possible. The whole name is transcribed phonetically.
Why is everyone against the enforcement of non-subjective rules that have been in place for decades? Everyone including top refs and authorities. I don’t get it.
It is realistic. If it was actually enforced, goalkeepers learn to stop coming off the line. It’s that simple. It’s not harsh because it’s just a re-take. Denying a goal because it was centimetres offside is much harsher yet no one argues against it.
A yellow card for that is only harsh in a penalty shootout, not during normal penalties. &gt;The IFAB confirms that this temporary dispensation does not apply to penalty kicks during ‘normal time’ because goalkeepers have already received cautions for this offence during the tournament and it would be unfair to change at this point of the competition. In contrast, KFPM are only introduced for the forthcoming knockout stages.
&gt; because they'd argue it's not a significant unfair advantage But they only get a card if they save. Let’s be honest, majority of the time they do get an illegal advantage and they save thanks toi that.
&gt; and stepping off the line with one foot in order to dive It does account for that. You’re allowed to leave one foot off the line with the new rules though.
&gt;when referees use there years of experience and innate understanding We’ve seen penalties saved during world cup and UCL finals with goalkeepers coming off the line way early and refs doing nothing about it. I don’t trust their judgement.
They still pocket the money from sponsorship so it’s irrelevant
&gt; the keeper essentially has to just stand there and do nothing. they can move wherever they want as long as they don’t come off the line before the ball is kicked
Lmao what?
How does that affect other parts of the world if the credits are in japanese anyway and no one can read them
No I didn’t...? Japanese has two writing directions. I’ve already seen japanese movies with credits using one writing direction. I’m asking if there are movies that use the other way.
&gt; bringing the national flag just shouts low self-esteem and pandering to the camera no it doesn’t
This is why I don’t like defining heraldic emblems graphically. I really prefer defining them by blazoning, which allows for different intepretations
&gt; all other parts of the emblem predate communism by centuries So do things in communist emblems lol. Sicles, hammers, corn, etc
What does soviet occupation have to do with literally anything here?
Yes we can.
So because we can’t draw the line, let’s allow any shitty fake tabloid rumour... Except when it comes from the Sun which we banned while giving no reason
Most people who upvote posts and links aren’t actually active member of a given subreddit
&gt;Do you want a rule to discriminate between less active users and more ones What rule lol? It’s impossible to discriminate like this I want a rule about moderators doing their job
There’s a lot of romanticism around it but really usually it just means they’re too bad to leave for a bigger club and too good to drop them even off the bench
nice reading comprehension
There’s a reason why several subreddits have a stickied bot comment that says ”downvote this comment if it’s not relevant to the subreddit’s purpose”
I said *usually* not *always*, why bring up Gerrard anyway if we both know it doesn’t apply
No they weren’t, look at the announcement post
&gt; Some arbitrary number slapped onto a news article or tweet doesn't change anything about the likelihood of the reporting being correct Yes it does. You can’t be serious about that? Every club subreddit already uses tiers, why is this sub any different. Tiers are based on history and evidence, they’re not arbitrary. And of course when it’s a second hand report, you look at the primary source, not at the newspaper that reposted it.
What if I speak a language with phonemic orthography and -inn is impossible
Weird thing to get nationalistic about
Why was it legal to demolish it?
So you think that literally nothing should be removed from this sub, including the Sun and shitty facebook memes?
No there shouldn’t be.
You’re doing the exact same thing you’re accusing me of, painting western human trafficking NGOs as victims
Are player swaps useful if you want to bypass FFP?
Majority of the squad were born in Qatar
What about XI + manager?
I just realized that *Szczęsny* in Polish means the same thing as *Allegri* does in Italian.
TIL South African national team was banned from FIFA and CAF competitions for several decades because of apartheid I really wonder why this was the case for them but not for other countries who do similar shady things even today
&gt;edit: now that I think about it the duke of York was the duke of the city York well no that’s wrong duke of york has his own coat of arms and flag
That means it’s moving in a gooddirection. Before the execution of the rules was the problem, now it’s the rules themselves. Now we have to hope it sparks actual rule changes that are beneficial for the game.
Would you say the same if they made a comeback?
?
AFCON is every 2 years
&gt; LOl because the Gold Cup is a waste of time. this is what teams with no ambition say
I’m talkin about AFCON not CAF African Nations Championship
Why does it have to be women ultras at women's football game
Do you say the same about English and Irish people?
So it's more lenient now
Unpopular opinions thread was better. CMV. Their purpose was just sharing views. Not changing. People don't need to change their views, that shouldn't be the goal of discussions like this.
Most fans of big clubs also support their local team
I don't see why we can't just have unpopular opinion threads where explaining your opinion is mandatory. /r/unpopularopinion does that.
Every unpopular opinion is toxic to you? Not ignorant, just toxic?
Protesting against bad ownership is a silly thing. At the end of the day, the owner runs the club like a company it is and you as a fan have no control over it. As with any company the only way for a consumer to change things is to vote with their wallet. But that can't be applied in football because of the fans and their incredible brand loyalty. At the end of the day if your club has very loyal supporters it means that it's easy for bad owners to exploit without any repercussions.
Why? Better quality?
Thats why this change is pointless, there was nothing wrong with the unpopular opinion threads
People with dual citizenship should be banned from international football.
It's actually 4 countries now
Liverpool getting 97 points last season doesn't mean they're the top 3 premier league side ever. You can't compare points across seasons like that.
None of what I said is incorrect. You're getting overly emotional over simple facts.
You're missing the entire point
You interpret high point count as a sign of quality but it could as well mean that the bottom half of the table is really weak
But the bad owner doesn't care about your motivations. That's why it's silly.
*I ran out of arguments, I'll just repeat what the guy said in a mocking manner*
&gt;It sounds like you want franchising from this. ??? Where did I even imply this? And anyay what I'm saying suggests a preference for fan owned clubs rather than the opposite which are franchises
I responded to his comment in the other thread I don't have to repeat everything for you
You write all this and call *me* arrogant? But don't worry I'll speed you more information if you're clueless enough to not understand your own arrogance.
One of main reasons why shirt patterns are so limited and simple is because they were designed 100 years ago when they were much cheaper than anything more complex. Nowadays it's not a problem but clubs are unwilling to change, and I don't blame them. Good for them to remember their history. But on the other hand, it's a negative, I wish main shirt patterns were more diverse. There's like a handful of patterns on 99% of shirts: plain color, vertical/horizontal halves, vertical/horizontal thin/thick stripes
Do you think Benitez would be better for Arsenal than Emery?
My dream european cups format: 128 or 256 teams enter a straight knockout tournnament. No qualifiers. It's double elimination so teams that lose once still have a chance to win the Uefa cup. Winners final is the champions league final, grand final is the super cup. With 128 entrants theres 6 rounds, the same amount of matches for the finalists as currently so the schedule stays the same.
My dream european cups format: 128 or 256 teams enter a straight knockout tournnament. No qualifiers. It's double elimination so teams that lose once still have a chance to win the Uefa cup. Winners final is the champions league final, grand final is the super cup. With 128 entrants there's 6 rounds + the final, the same amount of matches for the finalists as currently so the schedule stays the same. It'd be either 128 teams starting in the UCL round 1, or with 256 teams: 128 teams starting in UCL round 1 and 128 teams starting in UEL round 1.
Why wouldn't it be, what do you have in mind?
&gt;Presumably in your idea it would be 2 legs with seeding as well? 2 legs for sure, seeding yes but not for every team, that would make it too predictable. Maybe just for the champions
But wouldnt you get bored wjen instead you could play all over the world
It's the biggest youth football tournament, why do you want to get rid of it
What? Majority of land in Indonesia is above 15 metres above sea level
Most people watch male club football and u21 euro features the same players just with an age limit. With women's world cup there is literally no overlap.
This is why people hate Americans on this sub
Way to miss the word 'partisan' and ramble about something unrelated
Which one of these proposed changes would be worth implementing in women's football? * smaller goals * smaller pitch * fewer players * shorter playing time * shorter shorts ^^^^^^joke
But women don't have the same endurance to run for full 90 minutes with same intensity as males
Why do you want them to play by the same rules even though they weaker physically and football is a physically demanding sport? You can't expect the same kind of quality from the sport then. Almost all sports have different rules for women. Even youth football is different.
But it's not like the FA Cup was cancelled, it was just suspended
Then what's the appeal of women's football
The devolved parliaments have only been here for 20 years. Spain's autonomous communities have the same political and administrative status yet they don't have separate teams
The flag of African Americans is what you’re desribing, not pan-african colors
They are legally the same so they shouldn’t be viewed differently. and the term country has differentmeanings, just like state can mean a subdivision or a sovereign state.
the pan-african flag was made by americans in america
How is it better than Europe where half the flags are tri-colors?
Sounds like a shitty harry potter knockoff
The bantustans were such a bizzare case. Did this thing happen to any other country, where only the country giving it independence was the only one recognizing it?
But none of those broke away from Russia. Or rather, none of those were let go by Russia.
Not really, it’s still arrogant. Do you imagine Ronaldo saying ”I won 5 UCLs, Juventus only 2” in a sentence like that?
&gt; ... its just an endearment of support in the same way "come on the boys" or something is Obviously. But I’ve seen so many English fans on here and elsewhere online disagree with that, saying how it was only ever a self-deprecating joke and how dare you say otherwise you johnny foreigner. But I agree with your comment
Why does MLS run at the same time as the Gold Cup? pretty ridiculous
I was being sarcastic
I don't get it. Tons of people are saying that it was because of financial losses. But then why do so many cities around the world still have them? And whats with the assumption that public transport has to make a profit?
How does exactly does she make money? And dont say tourism, that's an idiotic and debunked argument.
Nice insults with nothing tp back thrm up sure convinced me
Why is it wrong to want to see European perspective on noy directly European matters?
My logic is that they're both just as bad.
Double in age meaning what? You have to have a reference point. It doesnt mean anything without it.
Ethnicity and ethnic group are the same thing. Check the definition.
So why not say the third one, the possessive? Why only two with one redundant?
Nowa Huta doesn't have any "tower blocks". Who upvoted this comment?
Only Netherlands in Europe dont use them. Seeing how its one country out of 50, yes Id say most countries.
&gt;The 200 members of the National Council are elected from 26 cantons, each of which constitutes a constituency. Is that not correct?
Is it possible that hitting a fast flying ball with your head on regular basis causes brain damage? Thousands of times from childhood to your 30s? I don't believe so.
Ukrainian nation didn't exist during the mongol invasions.
Alright.
Again with the bad history. Of course it did. The thing about the French revolution is that it gave rise to common nationalism that transcends social economic classes. Before French nation definitely existed but was limited to the noble society.
Silly attitude. It's not like he's even promoting his views using the marathon
Because people here hate the Qatar world cup idea so I was wondering how much really they are against it? Not a stupid question
&gt;we're a sovereign nation, any relationship with the British royalty is purely symbolic Yes correct, but how does that prove there is no throne of Canada? Monarchy of the UK and monarchy of Canada are legally totally separate but just ruled by the same person. So yes, there is such a thing as throne of Canada. Unless youre saying that being directly under the British throne would make you more sovereign..? I don't really get your point.
Great reading comprehension. It says right there: for post 1800 look under "United Kingdom"
Why does Bundesliga jave the same multiplier as other top leagues even though ot has 4 matches less? That difference should be accounted for.
Why was there no one complaining about facial recognition after Spurs Chelsea match when they looked through all the fans to find any racists?
What kind of comment is that
Or you could be one of those people who competes in esports but drops out in pools at every local tournament… its not for everyone, people who make a living out of it have thousands of competitors
Macedonia
First Piątek assist since he arrived in Italy 1,5 years ago?
&gt;And he has his pronouns as Luz/Luz, which some think is transphobic Lmao how the fuck is this transphobic
Or maybe some people prefer to be only referred by name not by pronoun, what's wrong with that I though agdq was accepting of things like that
I guess you're comparing $60 apple cables to cheap micro USBs
They stream online for free outside Poland
How is it soviet when this type of housing projects were first developed west of the iron curtain?
The rules are exactly the same to the letter. Its the interpretations that differ. Check out IFAB and PL websites.
Liverpool
Thats not the trophy This is https://media.gettyimages.com/photos/fulhams-owner-mohamed-al-fayed-holds-the-uefa-intertoto-cup-on-then-picture-id51531360?s=2048x2048
Many billionaires are more powerful than countries yet I dont see you complaining about them
Chears
More like pandemonium
Google translate, enter name, click speaker icon
What exa tly is that a reference to?
/r/choosingbeggars
Clump of cells, beginning of life, body autonomy
Originally Dybała with a 'w' sound
It may be immoral to you but it's not pure evil.
Link to a tweet linking to a website... For christs sake just link the website.
How about people focus on actual antisemitic fans
Too much FM
Hot Totts
How do Inter fans generally feel about Eriksen? On reddit and elsewhere?
Inter fans, what do you think of Eriksen?
His reputation of someone whos a miracle worker with youth is laughable.
No need to fucking swear
So soviet purges in the 30s were OK because amongst the millions innocent people there were also enemies of socialism?
If anyone else kicked that fan after being red carded and furious they'd be banned for life from football, rightfully Also how the fuck am I defending fascism, stop thinking in black and white
/r/dataisugly
Eriksen went from Middelfart to Middlesex and now to Mediolanum
Just K followed by SH without interruption in between
Using sounds that are already in English, theres just one way so let's stick with that.
Rz is actually the zh sound (s in Asia or vision) but turns into SH here because you cant pronounce voiced and unvoiced consonant next to each other.
C B
Galaxy is a franchise not a club. Gerrard is still one club man.
I's is a proper word sweetie. Dialects exist you know. Speaking in a different way doesn't make you less intelligent.
/r/im14andfuckboomersamarite
A different person wrote that comment not me
I dont care and not taking either side goddamnit
"This Russian gas company"
Protesting the death of George Floyd itself isn't political. Making his death about racial inequality is inherently political.
Oh spare me that line. If she didn't like it she could have abdicated at any time yet still enjoy most of the benefits.
How is it not? Look at royal family members are wealthy and celebrities without actually holding a meaningful government position
This post is True but also funny because essentially you're asking people to view your art only in a certain way.
Jeez chill out, and stop with the strawman.
&gt; They are also not above the law. Your monarch literally is though.
He's black on this monument anyway.
What's ABA
No, the border agreement with German Federation was signed in 1990 and it said nothing about any war reparations.
He activelly fought against serfdom in Poland
They shouldnt be forced to speak Romanian.
Weird flex but okay
/r/coys is private, how did Spurs fuck up this time?
Yes thats the name of the city in Basque
How does the density compare if you take only Manhattan into account
Then why are Europeans protesting in front of US embassies
Wtf is a park police?
Most of European Cities are built on destroyed forests, what is that title supposed to mean lmao
/r/aspergers
Interesting that Vietnam inherited the record of South Vietnam, not North. Most likely just because the South was better.
What's wrong with this?
Are you a troll? The criticism is about too much inteference into Supreme court and Constitutional tribunal. Nobody is saying they replaced every judge in Poland overnight.
But you gotta credit this random Twitter account!
Is that Vucić in the middle?
You should crosspost this to /r/europe
Nice reading comprehension. No one said the word Slav omes from the word slave.
What happened to the perpetrators, did they face any punishment?
It's still the same country.
Jan Mayen
Read the last sentence before commenting
Both look better with stars.
How is this dystopian??
What's Slavic March in Slovenia?
It is though. German constitutional court even recognized recently that in international law, it's the same country as II and III reich.
&gt; related to this. I believe that no one should be held responsible for sins of their ancestors People love to be proud of their ancestors and people are affected by their ancestors past, good or bad.
That's not a valid excuse for not having a basic rule. Also why do you think that WW3 is impossible or any war or any natural disaster for that matter? Even then you're talking about England, while plenty of leagues were interrupted since WW2 in different countries.
Of course but I'm talking about a basic rule that would tell if the league should be cancelled or title awarded early or postponed. Or even a clear procedure of decision. The way it went down was pure chaos. Plenty of kinds of property damage are impropable, yet we all have insurance.
If they want to separate Hungarian majority regions, then what's wrong with that?
&gt; this has just only ever happened in World War 2 It happens all around the world whenever there's a major war.
Plastic
Why does he need permission?
I don't get why you'd romanticise them so much. They didn't let a few houses stand because they wanted to have a complete urban layout for the district that would suit the needs of society more. The new houses are still made from brick and with a similar standard of living. And it's not like it's even ugly, only this photo makes it look bad. It's just that it's more of a backstreet now.
Someone coming at you with a deadly weapon is no reason to defend yourself?
who cares about trump? this is /r/europe
https://dancooksonresearch.carto.com/u/dancookson/viz/49ca276c-adf9-454a-8f64-0ccf0e46eed0/embed_map Is this not accurate for Bucharest? It's still very high in some places, just never reaches 19000
Maybe not empty, but free of buildings.
&gt; Sometimes it aggregates really junk articles and gets away with it by just saying “we are just a platform” Well they are just a platform though.
I'm not from here and Polish has always been written with a Latin script, so no
&gt; But the traditional Mongolian script is making a comeback Which one?
There were a lot of people there who called themselves Lithuanian but spoke Polish as a mother language
Then it should be done on a training field. It wouldn't feel as out of place, it's so bad now mostly because of the huge stadium's acoustics and the sight of empty seats.
Suprised there isn't one in Belgrade.
But Northern Ireland still isn't a country.
&gt; It’s definitely a constituent country According to ISO it's not a country, while three others are. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2:GB
It doesn't look any bad in that one photo though?
The Warsaw metro had a similar problem, it was planned in the interwar period yet the first fragment was build 1982 - 1995... So it's not too far off considering Yugoslavia had a civil war .
Since when doesn Irish have a "v"? And Why isn't it mh/bh?
"Job shortage"
How the fuck are they going to handle the Qualifying rounds?
People say things like this yet you mention reparations or legal justice and they'll say "get over it, it was long time ago"
&gt; Imagine being a billion dollar industry and not having safeguards in place when a relatively new piece of technology They didn't even have rules in place on what to do if a season gets interrupted, something you must always have in mind.
&gt;Appears to be a mostly central/eastern/northern European phenomenon (except Mongolia) Wait so those arent universal?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Indian_massacres#1830%E2%80%931911
The word is commune or municipality not province.
&gt;And Vucic lowered the election threshold from 5% to 3%, for his shills to enter the parliament, which they mostly failed. Lowering the threshold is always a good thing
&gt;Taking credit for something that has nothing to do with you? You just described how football club fanbases work
Agreed
Can Brighton appeal the Guendouzi decision?
What's wrong with NYC
Sissoko really?
It's the same kind of running as Eriksen's. Covering lots of distance isn't enough.
You should legally sue them, it would only be justice.
Last Red team to win the Premier League was Ferguson's Manchester United 7 years ago.
Never seen anything like it here and I've been subscribed here for like 4 years
There's only so muh he can do with this squad and depth
Jesus Christ Chill out, what's with the aggression? I only stated my experiences here, I'm not denying anyone else's. Are they invalid because they're not same as yours? Of course not.
Why does Bundesliga have the same multilier for European top scorer as the other few top leagues? They have 4 matches less, surely you have to account for that?
Photo sources: https://warszawa.wyborcza.pl/warszawa/51,34862,18548388.html?i=3, https://ipeco.pl/inwestycje/ludna-9/ the latter link describes the reconstruction and also shows how it originally looked
Where's the parks and trees
Source?
&gt; but rarely in Poland Not true, happened all over.
I can't find it, the calendar in Annex A shows group phase in september-november and finals in june 2021
Should I feel like my karma got stolen even though I only combined two pictures and posted them to reddit?
Just because it's not a grid doesn't mean it has no urban planning.
Yes they are lol It's only marked as a police department on a red plaque
I know, but this was the best photo I could find of the building before the renovation from that angle.
To be fair in Poland late 1800s were period of huge city growth, before they were tiny, and lots of building before were made of wood. But your point does apply to city centres.
How is a Polish building from the 20s an example of Stalinism
To be far they woulndn't be wrong. They would be wrong to use whataboutism, but not in the actual principle.
If he's 28 then he's entering his peak years now
...and blue square and white ring of stars
How were they traitors while they followed the state government? It was more important back then than federal will.
&gt; Nenets Republic You mean Nenets Autonomous Disctrict?
Gross, patch your fucking walls
Vandalism is not fun
Y can't they just use Y ?? There's your one letter, for christs sake
Does that apply to gangster rap?
What reparations?
Except he'd apologize on behalf of the Belgian state, which is legally the same as in the colonial era.
I hate how connections matter the most in football club positions, not competence or experience.
Yes my country should too. Glad we agree.
No it's not meaningless. Not every country is equally guilty.
Why is the EU ok with having another authoritarian government in the Union?
Maybe but the EU countries do, and they decide if someone should join
