You mean besides the tens of thousands of right wingers who would jump on any bandwagon he starts, using tactics that include but are not limited to social media harassment, swatting, and death threats?
It has to be them, right? There doesn’t seem to be much speculation, at least in English language media, but IMO this is totally their MO.
Rational would presume that the same or a similarly dangerous movement would take hold/control if the anti-fascist laws didn’t exist. The fact that other countries can both have freedom of speech with far fewer restrictions and a lack of such movements gaining power, either natively or opportunistically by people moving to take advantage of more lax laws, shows them to be irrational. The fear of a relapse of fascism of Germany may have made sense in the late 40’s and the 50’s, but now right wing groups are fringe, and even some political gains by nativist and right wing groups in Europe are being overblown for cynical fear mongering.
The French have failed miserably, the Canadians have failed miserably at it, what chance does Iran have at cultural/language jingoism, nationalism, and xenophobia, when the French (arguably the masters of cultural nationalism) have failed so badly and Canadian, especially French Canadian nationalism gets mocked internationally every time they fine an Italian restaurant for using foreign words.
Especially if the safe had $90,000 worth of meth in it.
There is a difference between the artist and the art. If Hitler had been a good painter (he wasn’t), many people would still be able to say that the paintings were good even if the artist was a horrible person. The same applies here, they weren’t applauding Polanski fo anything he did other than the work that he was nominated for. That’s why it’s always [person/group] [nominated/wins] [award] for [work]. The judgement isn’t on the person themselves, it is on their contribution to a given work, or body of work in the case of lifetime achievement and other broader awards.
Only if you think that there is a conceivable sale that would have resulted in his stock having a value of zero. In reality. He owned the shares legally and could have sold them legally for an undetermined amount. The fact that he sold them illegally does not change that, but he did illegitimately profit on whatever the difference in price between what he sold them for, and a fair determination of what he would have made otherwise (which is definitely not zero). That amount, the exact number will be argued back and forth on by the lawyers, is what he should have to forfeit, and arguably what the penalty should be based on if it is a percentage on top of his illegal profits, rather than a fixed amount.
Only the profits (or possibly a multiple up to 3x) that he made from the insider portion of it. The lawyers will argue it out, but if he could have legally sold it the minute the flaw details were released and that’s the point they use, then he didn’t make much of an illegal gain from his insider activity.
With an address holding 1 satoshi written on the inside.
Is there a single piece of evidence to back that theory up?
My point was that since he didn’t, the amount in question isn’t his total profit, just the difference between his actual profit and what he would have made on (presumably) his first opportunity to legally trade. I say presumably, because I’m sure there will be lawyers on both sides arguing vehemently as to exactly when that was, and what the amount in question was, so it isn’t that straightforward in practice.
Wal-Mart “ruining” small local businesses is just competition at work. Wal-Mart has the economies of scale and market power to lower their supply costs below what a smaller retailer can. There is plenty of horrible stuff that Wal-Mart does, but this one criticism doesn’t hold and shows an ignorance of basic economics.
People keep saying that when this is brought up, but it is incredibly unlikely it would even get close to that point.
There's a big difference between the freedom to keep other humans as property and the freedom of financial an political independence from states that base their policies, and push overarching federal policies, that are diametrically opposed to your own. I want to make it clear, since I got down voted above for not doing so, that I think this is a nonstarter of an idea. That being said, I can definitely see the reasoning and frustration behind it.
You mean the red states that would be happy enough to undo that? Otherwise, that is exactly the point I was contrasting. The reasoning behind Californians wanting to leave couldn't be more different than the South's before the Civil War, which is why the South had no moral legitimacy and arguably the Californians behind this do.
He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy.
So gin fizzes and flapper girls?
As someone who is affected by this first hand, and who will be hurt by the compounding affects of this each day that goes by, please take a few moments of your time and contact your Senators and Representative. Whether you agree with them or disagree with them on this or any other issue, it is still important for them to hear from you, and it can make a difference.
Most likely, yes, although during the Obama administration they did get paid during at least one shutdown (I honestly don't remember how many there were during his time in office), which means they got a paid vacation. For those of us who have to go to work regardless, and get no extra pay... and depending on the agency an almost guarantee of not having overtime available, that's unfair, even though an unpaid furlough is also pretty unfair to nonessential workers.
Must be nice :)
And if you're an essential employee, then no gov funding = no paycheck and only the faint promise of eventual backpay sometime in the undefined future.
You're not alone. At least misery gets to have company, since a lot of us are in the same boat. :)
It depends on the agency I believe, but overtime is generally cancelled as well. That applies to any pre-scheduled overtime and "on-demand" overtime.
Loofah, uh, finds a way.
Does the New Jersey Bar not have a morality clause to bar people currently breaking the law and/or having past major crimes from joining? DACA gives him deferral from deportation, but he is still actively either breaking the law (if he entered illegally) or committing a civil infraction (if he overstayed). IANAL, but Philip Glass got denied in California because most states have rules like that.
Coincidence? Or another part of a massive conspiracy? /s
Try checking the sharing options, per [this help page](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/2494893?visit_id=1-636526393045631619-3850770914&amp;p=disable_download&amp;rd=1#disable), there should be a check box on the bottom that says "disable options to download, print, and copy for commenters and viewers." If you unclick that and click save changes, then it should allow them again.
Not sure I agree with him on the glide path, since there are definitely times when a lower glide path can work well and be done without dragging the plane in, but otherwise a good video and I love his sense of humor.
I think you'd get a "&lt;sigh&gt;...not this shit again."
Jason Miller would slap the shit out of him.
Considering that Fidelity et al. have their own competing funds, how is this not anticompetitive behavior? They can claim that Vamguard is the only one not ~~paying to play~~ ~~paying them off~~ bribing them, but it becomes a much weaker argument when they are competitors.
/0
Can someone come up with a way to make flights RyanAir free by 2023?
Stay classy SF.
COBOL then.
Not the above poster, but in response to your comment &gt; What do you expect them to do? Wait until 6e is ready and the time is right to release it, which could be another decade, and hope they didn't burn too much good will with their strategy, or more likely lack thereof. Their best bet may be to hope that other trends push people to use tablets and/or convertibles (i.e. Surface or Chromebook) and that makes it easier and more appealing for people to use D&amp;D Beyond. In the short term at least, they shot themselves in the foot though, and IMHO I'm not sure they'll recover from it and encourage enough new players to use it to keep justifying the cost of D&amp;D Beyond.
Damn it Terry/Jerry/Garry, messing everything up.
Kind of a cheat, because the ending is just the icing on the cake to why I watch the movie a lot, but Casablanca. &gt;Louie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful Friendship : Cue the first few chords of Le Marseillaise
If there wasn’t a whole different language and culture than you might have a point, but this is more than just a few separatists saying they’re different. There are legitimate big differences between Catalonia and Spain that extend hundreds of years. That’s what makes this different.
The double edged sword of jury nullification.
Dressed up like a million dollar trooper. Working hard to look like Gary Cooper.
Yes, although I would recommend keeping in mind that the show was very much a reflection of the (Bill) Clinton presidency. Without that context, a lot of it may seem dates or out of touch with modern politics.
Which was his mistake. He got punished worse than pretty much any other person in the industry at the time because he admitted it (somewhat) and apologized. It would have better for him to have denied it and tried to ride it out. At best he would have gotten the last season of House of Cards in and maybe even saved hiscareer if he could make it quietly go away, and at worst he'd be where he is now. He torpedoed his own career by being (marginally) honest and admitting he did it, albeit with a bullshit reasoning.
I stopped watching after the first few episodes so maybe I missed something, but it was ever anything more than, a bunch of psychically linked people are being hunted and have to work together to not die while finding out why they're connected? If not, then IMHO, then that wasn't exactly lost in the advertisements and it was just a shallow story with limited appeal, not to mention a bit trite and a rehash of other overdone ideas. My edit above was more in reflection of the fact that the orgy scenes are widely derived, correctly IMO, as a gimmick to draw people into watching, and don't really have a point when any intense emotion would do.
Nobody really asked for the orgy scenes. As I explained in another reply, it was a gimmick. While I have absolutely no issue with that type of scene, and applaud Sense 8 being one of the more sex positive pro LGBT shows ever produced, any intense emotion would serve the story purposes. Sex sells, but it was gimmicky to try to get more viewers that way, unsuccessfully as it turns out, while IMHO the rest of the story was weak, thus the cancellation, despite the loud minority of people here.
I could care less that their orgy scenes, except that they are the widely known scenes and IMO a good example of the gimmicks that had to be used to draw people in, for lack of a good hook or even a fresh premise.
Looks like an intesting podcast. Do you know why they refer to mate-value on every description? Using it once would be ok, but the constant use strikes me as a bit incel-ey
Good for them. There’s always Tunis or Tripoli. The migrants would probably try to hujack the boat though if it were turned back that way.
They probably won't be refused if they want to dock in Tripoli or Tunis.
On a long enough timeline the survival rate for ~~everyone~~ market prices drops to zero.
Your vote counts as much as it ever did, except for the very beginning before political parties. The fact that there is more stratification in advertising candidates doesn't change that, and if you think parties playing dirty tricks to get their preferred candidate nominated and elected is new then you don't know your political history.
Since nobody's asked yet, how long of an exposure did it take to get that?
Calling Doctor Jones
I mean sure, it’s over processed like crazy, but you cannot get more renaissance.
I would have guessed deranged meth head.
This is absolutely horrific, but what is the long term solution to these families? The kids are sometimes American citizens by birth and a fair number of these families have refugee claims. The family detention centers were pretty bad too though (albeit not as horrible in the sense that at least families were together). On the other hand, the US can not continue to be a haven for everyone who is running away from a shitty country and can’t/won’t use the legal (albeit somewhat inadequate) process, cheating people who actually do. The one thing I agree with the Republicans on vis a vis immigration, is that we can’t keep treating gangs and high crime as a legitimate reason to grant refugee status. At a certain point people need to work on saving their own countries, rather than having people smart enough or desperate enough to flee all trying to get to the US.
The problem with Solo wasn't that it was a bad movie, far from it. The two major mistakes they made were putting it right up against Deadpool 2, which was guaranteed to be a big audience draw, and the fact that people are still pissed about The Last Jedi. The former should have been stone obvious, and whoever decided the release date, or to keep it after DP2's got announced, needs to be fired. The latter was just a huge miscalculation and an underestimation of fans' anger over how badly done TLJ was and the disrespect shown to fans in its release and how critics of the film were treated If there was a third thing, it would be that the lead actor should not be out-acted by the supporting actor. The fact that Alden Ehrenreich was far and away outshone by Donald Glover, IMHO made it clear that they needed to make a Lando movie, not a Solo movie. On top of general quality, there was also continuity in that Donald Glover eventually ~~marketing Colt 45~~ becoming Billy Dee Williams' characterization of Lando was very believable. Nobody was going to believe that Alden Ehrenreich's solo would end up becoming Harrison Ford's take on him, which breaks the immersion.
Another manufacturer was stopped earlier by these bureaucratic assholes too (I forget the name, but they used to sell them on ThinkGeek). Despite not being marketed at children and bearing all sorts of warnings that children shouldn’t use them these nanny-staters keep trying to ban these toys which is utterly ridiculous.
Fuck it. &gt;sudo rm -rf / &gt;shutdown -r now No valid operating system
And yet he survived to be a hypocritical hyperbolic douchebag another day. &amp;nbsp; Edit: To be clear, I wasn't wishing that he had/will be killed. I just consider the whole outed excuse for his entitled attitude and revenge fantasies to be bullshit. I also take personal umbrage at his hypocrisy being not just a conservative, but one who loves to go elbow to elbow with right wing fundamentalist Republicans who until recently would have publicly denounced him for being gay. Not in Saudi Arabia, but right here in America.
You could still have a three-way, as long as you don't mind that one participant may be a bit lifeless.
If you're a Republican they did back then, and to a certain extent still do. Just lookup how the Republican Party treated the Log Cabin Republicans.
I'll have two. So you understand me, I don't mean two steaks, I mean two times everything on that table.
Thanks for the reference. I don't know how I didn't know about this round before, but if the Youtube videos are anything to guy by, it's pretty ridiculous for it's small size.
So they got a second new right. The right to experience 4 hours at the DMV.
They can still get their best people on it. Call them the Eh Team.
Looks pretty cool in that unlike a .22 it seems to have very little drop even over a couple hundred yards and it's ridiculously fast. It's just unfortunate that it is actually pricing out higher than 9mm (including brass case 9mm from good known manufacturers). I'm assuming that's mainly because 9mm is so much more common.
Stop beating it, the damn horse is dead already.
Boars. Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica. -Dwight K. Schrute
~~Don’t they use different rail gauges? If so, that’ll be an issue.~~ Edit: See below
He kinda was though. That’s kind of a unique cameo in that they can give the character a different name and backstory, but it will still be the guy playing him.
Don’t worry, we can always give them another $10b to bail their sorry asses out. These tariffs are horrible, but I want nothing more than to see GM go out of business. They are too dumb as a company to succeed and should not be allowed to slide by ignoring what people want to buy, along with other systemic issues, just because a few workers will lose their jobs.
If I worked for a business that could not afford to continue to stay in business due to gross mismanagement then I would expect to lose my job and for the business to go under. I have lower expectation for GM. When people equate taxation with theft, they should specifically talk about redistribution’s and handouts like the automaker bailout (and the bank bailout, although the taxpayers made money on that one).
No, we didn't. The US lost $10 billion because it wasn't just loans (which were paid back) but also stakes in the companies bought to stabalize them, which had to be sold at a huge loss. [Source 1](https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2014/12/30/auto-bailout-tarp-gm-chrysler/21061251/) [Source 2](http://theweek.com/articles/454749/auto-bailout-officially-over-heres-what-america-lost-gained) [Source 3](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/jan/22/barack-obama/obama-says-automakers-have-paid-back-all-loans-it-/) Note: The exact amount seems to be in the 9-12b range, depending on how the numbers are calculated.
What does it say about this country when the backlash for wanting the law enforced (regardless of motivation) is enough to force someone to step down from their job (even if only publicly). And people wonder why the [pick one: Republicans/Chinese] are winning. It's because social liberalism has now become a bunch of whiny people with too much free time and an internet connection. By the way, I'm aware of the irony of appearing on ~~TV~~ the internet in order to decry it. So don't bother pointing that out.
Until someone gets sick, or there is a legitimate noise complaint, or some other issue. As silly as it is to require kids to get permits, there are very good reasons why sellers need to get permits and why the law applies to everyone doing so without carving out an exception. There's also the fact that the law can't give an outright age limit nor can it be subjective as to who to enforce it on. Do we enforce it when it comes to 14 year old sellers but not 12 year old sellers?
In at least a few states, speeding over a certain amount counts as reckless endangerment or something similar. Not sure about felony speeding though.
Was the California death certificate ever rescinded? If not, isn't that a bit problematic, to have two official dates of death for the same person, in two different states, with two different causes?
...Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more.
/r/prequelmemes
Would drained canned peaches work? Choosing packed in water vs light vs heavy syrup could moderate the sweetness a bit to taste.
I guess I'm going to be the one to ask it, why the baking soda method instead of lye? I realize the former is a bit more home/cook friendly, but every other step seems to take th (for lack of a better term) professional route, down to having a stand mixer with a hook.
My understanding is that this was an open discussion though. If he had expressed a pro-diversity message then it wouldn't be an issue. The reason a lot of people don't like this, even if they disagree with his views, is that Google wanted/wants internal discussions and debates, but only so long as nobody publicly disagrees too much with the popular and/or company supported point of view. Calling it a discussion is a farce if they punish people for actually having a different opinion. At that point, it's a circle jerk.
&gt;Google says it’s trying to preserve open debate inside the company. But only if your disagreements are minor. If you actually hold a different point of view, shut up or get called a sexist and get fired. I don't agree with a lot of what he said, but it's somewhat sickening that Google is getting away with saying they want debate while punishing people who actually debate. It's incredibly disingenuous of them.
Honestly, it's been too long since I've read it to give you a point by point breakdown, but I tend to think that this is something that should be fixed. Not with affirmative action, quotas, preference, or anything like that on the employer end, but I think schools need to do a better job. While there are non-external (be them biological or just personal choices not caused by educator/employer or other overt outside) influences, the external ones are an issue that can be dealt with.
There shouldn't have been an investigation IMHO if people's views and/or debate was being solicited by the company, either overtly or by the fact that debate was definitely going to happen. They're a private company so they can do what they want, but they need to be called out if they want people's views, but only if they toe the popular opinion/company line, which seems pretty clearly to be the case here.
To steal and slightly bowdlerize a line from Mallory Archer. &gt; walk into ~~NASA~~ **Argentina** sometime and yell "Heil Hitler" WOOP they all jump straight up!
Statements like this are why so few people in the US respect the UN. It's arguably wrong for a parent to publicly shoe their kid online, for all sort of moral, ethical, and safety reasons. Calling it a human rights violation is a laughably bad word choice though, and will just get derided.
If you do well enough, in the right school in a country you are a citizen of, you may just be approached one day by someone asking you if you've ever considered working for the government's clandestine services. It's very melodramatic Hollywood, but it actually is one way intelligence agencies recruit. Probably won't want someone with their name and face (even if only from years or decades ago when they were young) all over Instagram and Youtube.
Except that they started, or at least encouraged, these debates, and only lashed out when someone used the space they provided for those debates to say something unpopular. Nobody's saying they can't do it, just calling them out on it.
That's why Texas Rangers were called in.
Except that her public statements aren't enough to justify the search warrant and a search warrant can't/won't be issued on a fishing expedition unless there is reason to believe that there is evidence in there **material to the crime**. Note the bolded section, since that does not include the public statements she's made to justify her actions (not that they're relevant anyway as the other reply to you pointed out). The mere possibility that there may be evidence of premeditation or some sort of grudge, was not close to enough to justify searching her apartment.
Which is all well and good, but there are specifically rules that prevent fishing expeditions, which is what searching her apartment would be. Just because people do this, and she could have done this, is not justification for a search from a legal standpoint.
Didn’t even have to click the link or look at the source to know that was about/after Margaret Thatcher’s death. Somehow I think she’d laugh if she could she how much extra drama became of her death.
War. War never changes. Since the dawn of human kind, when our ancestors first discovered the killing power of rock and bone, blood has been spilled in the name of everything: from God to justice to simple, psychotic rage.
In Russia, they’re efficient. Local oaf also doubles as town drunk.
Laws out for Hamurabi.
It definitely seems to be compatible with healthcare innovation. Nobody else is really competing with the US on drug research/production or innovation, or at least on our scale.
Historically, yes, except for the fact that you never really get socialism. In so-called socialist countries like Venezuela and China you get a centrally “planned” (for lack of a better term) economy that is statist and totalitarian. That doesn’t mean that they aren’t, at least in theory, attempting to be socialist economies though, at least in the beginning before human nature destroys any chance of that.
&gt;Laundry day is a very dangerous day. Words to live by.
Daredevil versus land expropriation.
They like a good revolution too, but those tend to end badly for the peasantry, even when they “win.”
Like every President, Democrat or Republican. FDR tried to pack the courts, remember. As much as I dislike Trump and the Republicans, it is dishonest to say that the Democrats haven't tried to do the same thing as he's done, just not as recently or effectively (since FDR's court packing threat succeeded at least).
The real question is whether they can be punished for defying it, which would seem questionable because of separation of powers and presumably some sort of official immunity (similar to what The President and Congress has) in regards to their official position (since they would be summoned in their official capacity as a justice, not just some random citizen).
I can't believe she's leaving though.
Not since 1903. Going out for a Coke used to be a social thing and especially before TV become as widely available and used, especially outside of nightly news and shows in the evening, it was something to do to get out of the house.
Misanthropes literally hate everyone.
Don’t blink
And tore me to pieces And threw every piece into a fire As they burned it hurt because I was so happy for you
Two minutes? I wouldn’t be able to go 30 seconds without petting him.
Yep, she died of anal cancer.
Less accurate though, and stupid to be so prudish when with any other type of cancer it is normal to be specific (since every type of cancer is different), rather than just generally saying cancer.
ANY WAY THE WIND BLOWS DOESN'T REALLY MATTER TO ME, TO ME
Whumpf
Mawp
Picture framers hate them.
Yes
You want The Raft, because that is how you get The Raft.
Michael Scott
Release the dorgis (daschaund corgi crossbreeds, of which the Queen still has a few) then.
I'm sure it's very popular in Wales.
Everybody knows that bird is the word.
Hollywood: That's 31 years late to start the remake it and get more money out of those suckers.
Neil Patrick Harris, because why not do what works, again and again and again.
Will Brando rise from the dead solely to have someone else denounce it on their twitter stream on his behalf?
And he got booed for making a joke about Lincoln. Never forget.
You do realize that without fail his jokes are making fun of sexists, racists, anti-semites, etc... far more than the people who the jokes are actually about, right? Hell, one reason why Family Guy has lost some of its shine is that there is a limit to how many jokes about how ignorant a white New England men can be, since the main punchline is how stupid Peter is and how ignorant what he spouts is, backed up by Joe's naiveness and Quagmire's sexism and lack of filter.
It wouldn't though if he already lost. He could do this between November and January without consulting anyone. There is no oversight on the President resigning or the VP automatically taking his place. Trump would be in the clear, and the worst that could happen to Pence is a rush impeachment attempt and public outrage.
In the summer of '69?
10 months of the year, and every 4th November.
Except that the Constitution puts no real limits on the pardon power, so short of a change to the Constitution via amendment, the President (Pence in this scenario) can constitutionally do just that.
Like *The Room*?
Her career is probably over though, so there's that.
About 6'2"
Seems like a waste of money fueled by our paranoia. The Soviets already had nukes by that point, so fuel for a few more wouldn't have really shifted the balance, and there is no reason they couldn't swoop in later and find them themselves at any point afterwards
Easier than running for Congress.
Fat, drunk, and stupid is no way to go through life, son.
&gt;disappointed grandmother A bit stereotypical, isn't it?
Not in Canada, where feelings are protected by law. Say the wrong thing to the wrong person and you can be brought up on charges of racial intolerance. One of the (few, recently) good things about living in the US and not Canada or much of Europe (especially France, Germany, and others with anti-hate laws on the books) is that you can say what you pretty much want, with few restrictions. Nobody outside the government (and even then not always) has to give you a platform, and you might get beat up later for what you say, but it won't be government employees legally arresting or fining you for your speech
It kind of is though. Say what you will about the Saudi government, but without them the Middle East would be a lot more chaotic and dangerous. Not only would Iran fill the power vacuum, but the people who replaced the House of Saud would be openly anti-American hardline Muslim Fundamentalists. Saudi Arabia is definitely Fundamentalist and guilty of spreading that ideology, but they are slowly modernizing and it could be much worse.
You're right about one thing, a lot of humanitarian effort is spent rebuilding the hospitals and other civic and residential building the US accidentally (and "accidentally") bombs.
So do the car companies, and look how that turned out. I would argue that the amount of money we pay for the military contractors is even more wasted than internal military spending since the contracting process is famously inefficient, when it isn't out right corrupt (see the scandals that happen every few years with military contractors committing fraud or other malfeasance). At a certain point, even the downline jobs aren't worth the hit. Rip off the band-aid, take the hit to the economy with fewer jobs, and move on
https://youtu.be/lOfZLb33uCg
Only their hairdresser will know for sure.
They are responsible, but posting creepy videos online isn't illegal and it's hard to deny that they make at least a good faith effort to remove stuff that is actually illegal, at least illegal in the US.
They're not a monopoly though. They are dominant for the same reason that Facebook is, the network effect (people want to go where everyone else is already), but it isn't possible to legislate or technologically change human nature and it would be wrong to punish a company just for giving people a platform they want to use.
They don't control the barriers though. This isn't Standard Oil or Ma Bell, they aren't doing anything to stop competitors from using the same poles and lines they do, in fact just the opposite thanks to Google Fiber competing with the likes of Comcast and ~~Ma Bell~~ AT&amp;T. The only thing stopping a competitor is the inherent economics of making a venture like video hosting profitable and the network effect.
And yet his fans have gone all jihadi on it because he's not in it. That's not to say that's the only reason people hate it.
The EU has a ridiculously expanded definition that includes being large and powerful because of popularity. Just creating something popular should not be sanctional.
From the viewer and creator standpoint, yeah. From YouTube's standpoint, they are more concerned about ad revenue, so all his fans are a drop in the bucket compared to minimizing the visibility of creators with any hint of controversy. To quote Michael Corleone:. &gt;It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business.
Go ninja go ninja go, go ninja go ninja go, go go go go!
Corn oil?
Reporters or judges?
Scotts have **A** feeling, an unending anger towards everyone, including other Scotts, they ruined Scotland.
You just made an enemy for life.
Everybody gets a campus!
At least until some random person in Maputo bad mouths Emperor Xi or his regime and suddenly disappears. Once that happens a few times, Africa will realize that all the aid and development they got from China comes with a huge catch.
It may go up. Amazon isn't nearly as vulnerable or beholden to popular outrage as Facebook. People pretty much need them because of the relative convenience, if not the cost, in time if not dollars. As long as they got a good price for the data, a lot of investors will probably be fine with it. Call that sociopathic if you want, but that is the modern market.
That's not a bad principle, but what happens when you can't see anything except the few movies a year that come out with total unknowns and no big name actors
Remember, if it's too salty you can put a potato in it.
The French people end up worse off after each one though, at least for awhile.
Especially since the paper company closed.
Getting rid of welfare wouldn't create more demand for labor though. It would increase pressure struggling to make or making below a minimum wage but that doesn't mean they'd actually get one. In fact it could result in people making marginal amounts working more / more jobs and people who can't being at more risk of becoming homeless or worse
I'm not saying it's a bad deal. I'm just noting that there are fees, especially if you don't cancel the card
&gt;I, (name), do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God. We take that oath pretty damn seriously too.
The Republicans are going to have a ball going after whoever runs for the Democrats, especially if they're already a big name person, without a half decade of the media and other politicians doing the work for them. Liz Warren would just be a distraction because the media would focus on her and the ginned up scandals, not on her policies or ability to lead.
I'm pretty sure the Russians wouldn't want Bernie. He's honest, he'd make the oligarchs give the Russian people all their stolen money back and Putin apologize to the families of the people he disappeared.
^^Note: ^^Pursuant ^^to ^^the [^^Hatch ^^Act ^^of ^^1939](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939), ^^This ^^comment ^^should ^^not ^^be ^^viewed ^^using ^^government ^^equipment, ^^read ^^during ^^duty ^^time ^^or ^^sent ^^to ^^others ^^using ^^government ^^equipment, ^^because ^^it ^^suggests ^^action ^^to ^^be ^^taken ^^in ^^support ^^or ^^against ^^legislation. ^^* &amp;nbsp; ^^^*just ^^^kidding: ^^^read ^^^this ^^^whenever ^^^and ^^^wherever ^^^you ^^^want. ^^^I'm [^^^not ^^^your ^^^supervisor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEwlW5sHQ4Q)^^^. ---- I've seen some interesting suggestions to make that more likely. The only problem is that Congress would need to pass them and the President would have to sign the bill(s) to withhold their pay during a shutdown and force them to stay in session/Washington until they come up with a solution, and that's never going to happen.
Theil may not be the best example to use here, considering that he used his money to hurt free speech as petty revenge for being outed as gay (even if Gawker itself deserved it), creating wide and still rippling consequences, and also donates heavily to far right wing causes and politicians, including, hypocritical, anti-gay ones. Theil is a media whore too, just more focused on furthering his own schemes, so he is far from sitting back and having an easier life.
So you worked for Harvey Weinstein?
To shreds you say
What about the Spanish Inquisition?
I've hoped for a long time that Boston Public would be put up, but now I've resigned myself to the fact that it never will because it probably has aged very badly.
If all the treasure found belonged to the person who found it then it would probably just raise the price for museums to buy it, potentially creating the possibility of valuable and important finds staying in private hands. Alternatively, if the government just seized it all or laid claim to it all without (fair) compensation, then you're right, people just wouldn't report them, creating a black market or a situation where they just keep the treasure for themselves/family indefinitely. The current system in the UK is a good middle ground between the two, creating an incentive for the finder to report treasure, and also adequately (at least in theory) compensating them for it, while creating a system that allows museums and the public a chance to bring treasure into a system where it can be studied and/or publicly displayed.
Most Reddit users are Americans, so there is no reason that would be common knowledge. Even it is used elsewhere outside of the UK, it definitely isn't in the US.
Not to mention having more than a passing resemblance to Winnie the Pooh.
He's also incredibly anti-gun (as in civilians should no longer be allowed to own types of guns many civilians already own) which will play well in New York and California, which would probably go for him anyway in a primary, but not so much anywhere else in the country, even among many who are registered Democrats.
At least how I, and many others, read it, his comment went beyond the general anti-gun, stop manufacturing and selling "assault weapons" (a meaningless term btw, as anyone who actually knows guns will tell you) into, let's stop people who have them from having them.
She may have been in some sort of swing. Let's not assume his/her kinks, or lack thereof.
My comment was meant in response to the on her back part of the comment above (as in a sex swing), not that she was a swinger as in an open relationship.
/r/dadjokes
Interesting note, his last role was A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, starting Zero Mostel. Also, it's disappointing that this doesn't include his most famous stunt, the falling house from Steamboat Bill Jr.
Are they going to include the ridiculous farce that was awarding him a Nobel Prize?
Broderick did kind of murder Jennifer Grey's career.
What did that poor PIV (Personal Identity Verification) card ever do to you?
Except on Fridays
He was removed from office (recalled), not disbarred. He is still licensed to practice law.
You wouldn't download a dog
So regal. Give your monarch the ball and beg for forgiveness or face their wrath.
Fewer, not less, but that's a good thing. Humans are inefficient, which is exactly why they are replaced by robots as technology advances.
Amazon is hardly a monopoly. There market share is only somewhere around 50% actually.
Or all they let the people who have become redundant die off, keeping order through a combination of welfare in return for sterilization and giving the military and police guaranteed employment, at least until everyone else is taken care of.
Not for nothing, but Jesse Owens disputed that and blamed Roosevelt more for being racist and not even telegraming Owens to congratulate him.
Isn't Batman and Barbara canon though? If only after they're both older.
Who isn't?
&gt;Gaudi would disagree What about the bus/tram that hit him?
Or pull a Zsa Zsa and throw in a dahhhllling
He had to catch a bus.
Considering his statements about guns, he has no chance down here.
Yeah, I'm very socially liberal but pro gun rights and that was the difference between going out specifically to vote for him and staying home. Cruz is a horrific ~~person~~ entity, but even more than what he said, the fact that Beto O'Rourke was dumb enough to say it, made me seriously doubt his ability to be in office.
How did Cruz feel about the goat though? :)
They're on vacation /s
There's a fundamental difference of perspective between those who can separate the art from the artist and those who can't. The conflict between the two points of view is why these same comments show up in so many threads about the arts and artists of all sorts (actors, directors, singers, etc...).
How is the NIH a conflict for stock trading, except for potentially health care stocks (and even then, no more than CDC and FDA)? Potentially my job (hello fellow fed) gives me a sector specific conflict of interest too, but only the highest level people in my agency at the HQ level are subject to disclosures and restrictions.
It's not a tumah at all!
Humans probably taste worse, but whether you like the taste or not changes from person to person.
Wealth isn't a zero sum game.
How do you balance that against the fact that these people are crossing with the presumed knowledge that it is illegal and the presumption, if not the outright goal, of being "rescued" and brought across? That's in addition of course to the knock-on effect of encouraging more migrants to attempt to cross with the same assumption.
I thought Chaos was an emerald
The more you know
That statement seems pretty hypocritical and hollow when every argument for the estate tax boils down not to paying for government services, but levelling out wealth inequality and preventing dynasties controlling everything, including yours a few comments up.
Roll for initiative
You want the truth?
Makes sense not to. He's not required to have press conferences. Since the only reason for him to do so (since he doesn't share the public mindedness of his predecessors) is to share his thoughts with the world, which he already does by shouting at the media, Fox News, and Twitter, then there's no real point.
Not riot and (at least threaten to) go on hunger strike. It's a shame that a TV show had to be cancelled because a country was so insecure that it literally couldn't take a joke. That puts them on par with Malaysia's laws on insulting royalty and the Arab world's issues with Mohammed. Not exactly a praiseworthy association.
Hwooo Arrrrre Youuuuuuuu?
Thank you for being the hero we need, mainly by saving the rest of us the trouble of doing the calculations.
Sorry about your pending divorce, but it's for the best.
Sent you a PM for the info to send a donation to you. Thank you very much for raising awareness for this. I always knew that appendix cancer must be a thing, but I don't think it's one most people think about unless/until it affects someone they know or love.
How many are serious though? Mine sure aren't. Making fun of the trope has almost become as classic as the trope itself.
So, you're saying the cake is a lie?
I'd ask them what the carbon impact of the cake was, from growing the ingredients, to getting them processed and to the store, and all the way to buying them, making and baking the cake, and then bringing it to the protest and serving it.
Mick Jagger would disagree.
Champ is a log. Nessie is a toy submarine. Ogopogo is a plesiosaur... A FUCKING PLESIOSAUR!
Yeah, they're called lawyers
Yeah, god forbid that they name it after a noted naturalist who has spent his life studying and informing the public about the world rather than some idiotic meme thought up by kids on the internet. /s
And it confirmed all the worse things that people, mainly people who aren't millennials or younger think and fear about the younger generation. Whether it's old people and politics or young people online, there is no age bias to the truism that democracy doesn't work.
It would be ridiculous for a British boat to be named after a Spanish victory. Also, I'm not sure the Spanish want to go there given the relative naval victories favoring the British.
No no no, he'll have a sad accident where he falls backwards off a building onto a pile of bullets.
Napoleon?
Unfortunately the Russians, like the Chinese took a look at basic principles of liberty like freedom, democracy, and human rights, and said no. They had their chances, so IMHO it is on the people of those countries to either sort out their own shit or suffer collectively for making stupid choices. The best we, in the rest of the world, can hope for IMO is for them to either all kill each other, with the actual useful people having the sense to flee beforehand, or for them to break themselves up into less globally threatening elements (a la the collapse of the Soviet Union).
His countrymen had their chance and chose autocracy. They looked democracy in the face and said nyet, choosing corrupt oligarchs and dictatorial strong men as preferable. Fuck the Russian people for willingly choosing that, and even now for massively supporting it. The people who want reforms are unfortunately still in the minority there.
But one could be excused for thinking that Aziraphale was gayer than a barrel full of monkeys on nitrous oxide.
It's a quote, or really a paraphrase, from the original book.
THE NATIONS, NO-O-O-O-OT SO BLEST AS THEE (i.e. lacking massive naval power)
Pika pika
When you realize that gate you have blocking the stairs is pointless.
The size of the industry doesn't change the value of their labor, beyond the demand for workers traditionally rising as the business grows, but that's changing as we are seeing with automation. Flipping burgers is a job that literally any reasonably able-bodied/minded person can do, so the supply of labor is near infinite, which makes the labor (absent government controls such as minimum wage) near worthless.
&gt;If the burger isn't worth the price of the labor to produce it, then there shouldn't be dollar burger joints. This and your other argument are taking the, mistaken IMO, point of view of it being the employer's responsibility to pay their workers enough to live on, or make up the difference. The amount paid to workers who aren't earning a living wage isn't a payout to the employer, it is propping up the employee's inability to get/do a job that pays enough to live on. The responsibility is on society, not private employers, to make up for that.
Amazon only has about 50% share in the book retail space, and has strong competitors for their data services (AWS), including Google, and most of their other areas of business.
If the employer doesn't have the responsibility, and I would argue that it doesn't, then we either need to accept that government subsidies for the workers is the price we pay to stop people without the skill, education, drive, etc... to get a better paying job starving in the streets. It is not a subsidy to the business, unless you think the only reasonable alternative is to stop public subsidies, potentially forcing employers to pay workers enough to live. That could backfire though.
That's not the worst of it. Many banks, including several of the major ones, have their websites setup to treat passwords as case insensitive.
Those are all red flags btw that they may be storing in plaintext or only lightly hashed. The big one of course is character limits (especially &lt;20 chars).
I agree, and I'm sure someone could go through and make a list of the harmful, and outright stupid rules the AKC has come up with for conformation shows. It would not be a short list.
Hail Satan!
Arguably yes, since there are fewer defenses against this (as exampled by the article, these fakes seem to skirt existing laws) and fewer people are going to be ~~looking closely~~ caring if it's fake or not, as long as it's somewhat convincing.
It got banned I think.
Except that a drawing can easily be determined to not be real. High quality deep fakes are harder to detect visually, requiring closer inspection of the image or analysis tools to detect. Nobody is going to mistake Leo's drawing of Kate Winslet for the real thing, but run a picture of her in a swimsuit through something like this, and they might.
mass hysteria
So cute. Also, please tell me that name is a FernGully reference.
I have the same one (handheld vacuum, not Corgi unfortunately). It's a smaller and more agile version of the giant sucking monster machine, so I can see why he'd be scared.
As every politician shows us, oaths, for better or worse, do not carry the force of law.
That's not really, or at least necessarily, a crime though. It definitely is or at least should be enough to fire him and to allow the parents to sue him, but proving that his derelection rose to the level of criminal is a different story.
He was in over his head running against Cruz. This is him holding his hands just above water with weights in them while he walks even deeper into shark infested depths. Also, he has no political savvy/filter, as shown by his (contextually) stupid statements on gun control
I think they lost the definitions page above it, which says that people should, in all instances of the document, refer to landowning white males unless otherwise stated.
That is possibly an issue with how the system works, but doesn't change the fact that currently this is a state level issue, either for the legislature (with the contradictory issues that causes) or the state courts.
It may be, but it is the legal option given to resolve it.
Only if you take the "shoulda" view of the courts. Legally, constitutionally, this was a sound decision. The fact that it allows immorality to continue isn't great, but that is arguably a flaw in the system, not the current court.
No federal courts can. State courts can still rule on them.
Gerrymandering is still within a democratic system though. It is a corrupt and unfair democratic system, but it is still democratic. One person equals one vote is the ideal, but if the Supreme Court considers the electoral college democratic (enough), then this is too.
My history could be rusty, but I believe there was once and they got armed escorts to do their job. Presumably the national guard could be nationalized and called out. Unfortunately that would require a president that cares about constitutional obligations, to wit, the census, and cares about federal workers. Trump cares about neither.
He's more machine than man now, twisted and evil.
The section 2 clause 1 argument seems to be a stretch (but what do I know, I'm not a lawyer, much less a constitutional one). The 14th Amendment makes a lot more sense, but damn that is strong precedent with those three Warren court cases. Unfortunately the current court doesn't respect stare decisis at all.
/u/gifreversingbot
Please keep him away. Him in Texas helps the Republicans more than hurts them. We don't need him spewing crap about gun registries to spur even more Republican voters on.
He has to know he's burnt his bridge in Texas. He might do well at a lower level, but he has no chance at the state level.
And sometimes the founder doesn't, and the company continues/will continue to follow that example, such as Jobs and Zuckerberg. I would argue that we as a society should be careful though, to balance the legitimate need to force inherently amoral entities to behave to some common moral standard with both potentially disincentivizing (and potentially stifling) innovation and becoming immoral as a society, taking more than the common need/good demands from visionary founders or even from later shareholders, and thus stealing what rightfully should be private benefits for private work and/or money invested.
I am saying that they're immoral, or at least amoral, founders who don't/didn't care about negative externalities caused by their business.
I mean, Yosemite Sam did on multiple occasions try to kill Bugs Bunny and Bugs Bunny did appear in American advertisements for War Bonds for the US to help fund defeating the Nazis.
Fitting that it takes place in Atlantic City, a place where many of the properties get constantly sold off or traded and the various players seem to go bankrupt unpredictably.
Which is why even young children are taught that sitting in the middle of the street is a bad idea.
Helpful skill though if you ever had to repel a team of frogmen climbing the side of the ship to attack. Along with CQC, being able to operate while partially incapacitated seems like a good skill for a security team on a ship.
First Bond to die though.
Trump made it so companies aren't double taxed on foreign income when they move already taxed foreign income to the US, so it would make no sense to leave it there.
Wouldn't that just incentivize the drug companies to stop selling (the same medication) more cheaply to less wealthy countries? Currently the drug companies sell for less money there because something is better than nothing, but other than a small amount of grey market manufacturing from places like India, many drugs would disappear from places that can't pay full pricr if this happened.
Biden/Romney 2020
I have altered the deal. Pray I do not alter it further. -Darth Rove
Ambergris Cay?
Isn't it also a pretty blatantly a violation of the US Constitution's Contract Clause? The Contract Clause exists specifically to stop exactly this, states meddling in private contracts.
Probably soon, since mentally ill people who can't tell a meme, that was admittedly funny at first, from actual reality are rampant online and too many people are happy enough to egg them on. The unfortunate effect though is creating people like the Pizzagate shooter and the assholes threatening and harassing families of the Newtown kids.
Heard that's nice too. Those seem to be the two choices to go to when visiting Belize.
Resembling a lion?
KPAO is a similar feeling when flying a Cessna 172 or other small plane. It has similar wind patterns (although not quite as extreme as SFO), being about an hour's drive and 15 minute flight (@90kts) South/Southeast of it and a similar feeling since the approach is over the bay and a swamp/preserve.
Iran's so far away. They'll hate you night and day, gotta bomb away! -Trump
In fairness, nobody else did either. Even the participants whose homelands were far removed from the battles knew what would happen eventually if Japan and Germany won.
Someone should tell him to make the UN pay for it. The US could ask for more money to pay this new fee, and since the US is the biggest funder of the UN by far, we'd end up paying ourselves.
Probably not, since his physical state isn't material to the case. Unless he faked being disabled to rape women, or something similar, whether he is now has no bearing on what he is being accused of.
Unpopular opinion, there are very good reasons why white collar criminals go to lower security prisons and facilities with more amenities and fewer guards. Mostly it has to do with cost, and how unnecessary extra guards and security measures are for nonviolent criminals, but also our ostensible goal of rehabilitating, rather than retributive, justice. The double standard when it comes to how poorly we treat drug offenders and such notwithstanding, a system that put stock scammers in with murderers would be wasteful and unworkable.
I take it the term "cruel and unusual," as prohibited in punishment by the 8th Amendment, doesn't meet your approval.
Don't forget plasma mines. Never know when a deathclaw is going to pop up and start chasing you.
What risk or security based reason would that be based on? Wanting her to suffer or to punish her are not, thankfully, not valid considerations when determining how a prisoner is classified/placed.
Ok, I give up. Where are the 4 screws?
Yeah, could have used liquid oxygen and oil.
Was his apartment rent controlled?
It's pansexual
You mean the province of South Canada? (Although Minnesota might fight you for that title).
We didn't see if his shoes were still on, so we have no way of knowing.
Her and what army?
Alternatively, we could incentivize people to have fewer kids. Of course that would have to be targeted by both income and location to be most effective, which would correlate with things like race, so I'm sure people would scream about eugenics if we did that (despite it being about the strong correlation between the parents' class and kids' future, and not in any way genetics).
China tried blunt regulation. Incentives, with benchmarks to keep people honest on both sides, would probably work better.
I have a few more years than you to go until retirement and I agree. That's why I decided to do a Roth TSP contribution in addition to a regular one to get the full match and this year switched from an FSA plan to a HDHP with an HSA (fingers crossed I stay healthy enough for it to make sense). I didn't mean to imply that we can't get screwed over too, which is why we need to take care ourselves on top of the government provided benefits.
Adrenaline is a hell of a ~~drug~~ hormone. Kind of amazing he walked as much as he did after that, even with just very badly bruised ankles.
You want grandma's ghost haunting you every time you bake cookies? Because that's how you get grandma's ghost haunting you every time you bake cookies.
Very nice tribute to her. On an unrelated note, having been unable to bear to take my copy of Kitchen Confidential off the shelf since Tony's death, I forgot how young he looked/was on the cover of it.
Clearly they aren't Amish.
In the case of Karl Rove and Dick Cheney it sadly just makes them immortal.
What are the odds of him falling off the top of the ladder, into the trash can, and having it slide on the wet floor into the dark pit in the floor?
lubricates the heart valves, right?
Yes, *One Fish, Two Fish, Blowfish, Blue Fish*, season 2 episode 11.
The better comparison IMO is with other high opportunity non-family situations, like daycares and schools. That would give a better picture of whether it is just drifting to a high opportunity situation or whether there is different about the church that makes it appealing to abusers beyond that.
He should sit in a plush chair with a glass of brandy and a fine cigar while the Pinkertons go after strikers with shotguns and blackjacks?
Not this week, but arguably the biggest competitor in the genre (in the broadest sense), Watchdogs Legion, got delayed indefinitely. Quite probably partially so it wouldn't have to compete with Cyberpunk 2077.
Isn't forcing companies to create content in French (see restrictions on what percentage foreign content theaters and TV can show) and forcing companies, especially foreign ones, to subsidize your cultural content already admitting cultural defeat? The fact that French is struggling against English may irk some French, but in large part it is because the French, like some French Canadians and other anglophobes prefer the English (mostly US) content, over the local stuff. Also, Gérard Depardieu left France and became a Russian citizen to avoid France's last attempt at a punitive wealth tax.
Didn't mean to imply that he is, although I think that tax was shortsighted and the natural response (wealthy people choosing to leave) was purposefully understated by its proponents. Depardieu departing was just the most visual side effect of a well intentioned but economically foolhardy policy.
So that's why Glorious Leader Kim Jong Un was so upset about not getting his ads and BAT. He had 3 advisors shot and threatened to nuke Iceland (he thought it was Eich-land) over that. /s
No, it isn't, but 14 CFR 91.3(b) explicitly allows the pilot(s) to take any and all measures in an inflight emergency to safely deal with the emergency and land the plane safely. IANAL, but the common sense bar for overcoming that would be to prove negligence. I doubt failing to notify ATC (not required in an emergency) would hit that bar unless the pilots said something incredibly stupid like "let's drench that school." On a broader, but tangential note, the priorities when flying are Aviate, Navigate, Communicate, in that order.
Kerosene. It has some additives so that it works better at the conditions required for a jet engine at altitude, while still working on the ground at sea level, but it is essentially kerosene.
Please stop with the ignorant comments. The comment above yours blatantly says that they (the pilot in command) does get to make the decision. If they (or ATC, but let's not go down that rabbit hole) declare an emergency, it very much is act first and ask questions later. At that point, the pilot can do whatever the hell they feel they need to do, and after the fact they can be asked to explain it. Even afterwards, there is a strong bias towards the pilot, unless it was fairly obvious or provable that what they did had nothing to do with trying to deal with the emergency and was negligent to trying to safely control the plane. This is taught to every pilot when going through training.
Per 91.3, it is his decision and whether he felt he needed to dump **was** the question. You don't seem to be getting this, but it was entirely his call, per what **he** thought was necessary the moment he called the emergency. That is in the plain text of clause B of the rule.
So does the FAA, and to the extent they even know how a plane flies, Congress. That's why this lawsuit won't go anywhere unless Delta settles quickly to make them go away.
They did actually, look up the video of the actual ATC conversation.
Take that up with whoever sets up flight routes and/or school locations. The fact is, that emergencies happen, and invariably at the least opportune time at the worst possible location. In this case, this luckily was hardly the worst location.
That was poor airmanship and I am sure they will get a talking to by the airline, if not an (informal, since it probably isn't technically actual) talk from the FAA. That being said and as others have noted, they were focused on the situation at hand. The three priorities of flying a plane, in order of importance, are Aviate, Navigate, Communicate.
It reflects poorly on them, but their first priority was to focus on the plane, so if they were a bit distracted (as has been hypothesized) or the situation changed rapidly, updating ATC or correcting themselves was the lowest priority.
We don't have enough information yet to answer most of those things, but he did declare an emergency. If you're not a pilot you may not understand why, but that totally changes the presumption, which is why 14 CFR 91.3(b) is in place and relevant. In terms of liability, I'm sure both pilots have had to write pages on why they did what they did, but they were justified as far as flight rules were involved, regardless of the outcome.
You're right, I was conflating (a) and (b). Taken together though, the result is the same. The PIC is the ultimate authority in case of emergency.
See 91.3(a). The pilot in command (PIC) is the ultimate authority. That is why I keep harping on the presumption, because the FAA and the courts have long taken the stance that while their actions during the emergency should definitely be explored, after it is over, nobody was in control of that plane except the PIC and having people without the knowledge and the experience of being in that situation punishing the person who was sets a dangerous precedent that could lead to much worse outcomes in the future.
Generally, yes, since it evaporates it done at a few thousand feet AGL (above ground level). Obviously that wasn't the case here, but it is in the procedure manual because the manufacturer and the airlines deem it safer than the alternative (landing with full tanks, overweight). Whether that is justified or not, I can't say, since weight and balance is as far as I worry about overweight planes.
I would like to hear why you think that. I would guess that Delta would settle, since they might still be liable in some way (although I doubt they'd lose). Both the law (91.3(a)(b) and previous decisions by the FAA seem pretty clear though that they had no obligation to inform ATC or wait to dump, so there is almost no chance this would be found to be negligent (14 CFR 91.13, FYI). I'm not a lawyer, but presumably 91.3(b) precludes 91.13 in this case too, at least as far as punishing the pilots for negligence during the emergency.
91.3(a) leaves that call up to the pilot in command.
It's easy to be glib and say that if a reasonable person, as pilot in command would have made the same decision in that same situation then no. In reality though, who knows. Precedence in the decisions I've read, both FAA corrective and court decisions, seems to lean towards the idea that if a pilot **could** need to do this in an emergency to safely deal with the emergency and safely land the plane, then they are justified in doing so. As an example, there is the scene from the US1549 hearings, recreated in *Scully*, where they argued what other pilots would do in that situation. The movie boiled it down to how long between the bird strike and him acting to turn to the airport and recreating that in the simulator, but in reality and in the end it was acknowledged that it was impossible to truly recreate the scenario in a simulator.
He was operating within FAA rules. That is my entire point. I can't speak to the courts, but if the FAA backs that he was within the rules, which they should given that they don't want pilots second guessing themselves during an emergency, then they'll be fine. I don't know about landing heavy, but it is an emergency procedure so these parents will have to go up against Boeing, the FAA, and Delta, not to mention other manufacturers and airlines, if they want to claim it was a flawed rule. This isn't a "we were just following orders" excuse for the pilots, it was that these are known and recognized emergency procedures.
The teachers and parents can try to go after the Delta AMT (Aviation Maintenance Technician) if they want, but considering the training and oversight requirements (promulgated from the FAA), good luck to them with that.
Which is poor communications and airmanship, but not really required. The situation could have changed, they could have been overtaxed dealing with the emergency and said the wrong thing, I'm sure that will be investigated. Communication isn't the priority though in an emergency, nor does it change it.
Possibly, and another reason for Delta to settle quickly. I was focusing more on the pilots, but I'm sure that there would be something embarrassing for Delta, if not actionable, that would come out if this went to court. Either about this plane, or other procedures.
Are these baked to dry them out so thoroughly, or just dried?
Where has my mind gone?
What'd the other shooter use?
Different mindset. Unlike a lot of countries, the US is not generally in the habit of restricting/punishing law abiding citizens because of the bad habits of an extremely tiny minority of bed actors. The major caveat I will point out, is that drug laws are (unfortunately) an exception to that, despite logic not supporting it.
TIL paper targets can be killed. Also, I believe the proper phraseology, to quote the late Charlton Heston is "cold dead hands."
Rowan Atkinson was briefly the king though, so there's that.
At least he didn't call her a turnip.
It's the UK. Odds are some king or queen made it a thing at some obscure point in the past.
Given how he treats the party, I'm not sure Bernie knows the meaning of the word "us."
Fuck the electoral college more than all presidents and candidates living and dead, past, present, and future.
Yep, because, unlike Sanders, she actually got a majority of the votes.
It stands to reason though just on the numbers, since more black people are charged and convicted to begin with in relation to the population. That's a separate but equal (ahem) injustice, but it is a big factor, along with other racial and class disparity issues with our criminal ~~justice~~ system, that lead to this.
His lawyers will probably argue that while that is scummy and extortionate, it isn't technically rape because they had a free choice to leave whenever they wanted and it was a quid pro quo. IMO, they really need to charge him with soliciting prostitution, one count for every woman he did this to. As unseemly as the comparison to prostitution is, since Weinstein's lawyers will claim that the women willingly did this to get his support in getting roles, give the women immunity from charges for testifying against him. No woman will be charged for not testifying against him, since mentioning more women would mean more charges against him, and anyone who did testify against him would be protected.
Will they then be expelled for violating BYU's morality code?
I agree, although a lot of people will downvote you just for saying it. Just point out how much money has been wasted on trying to find MH370 if you ever want a ton of downvotes and righteously indignant replies.
Someone beat me to answering you, but more to the point, besides the "if it can be shot out of a gun" part, he is known for trying innovative shotguns shells that either he makes or get that get sent to him.
When does this law take effect? I have to imagine that quite a few employers will shift jobs out of state and/or do massive layoffs in New Jersey leading up to it. The business coalition is right too, this will definitely discourage large employers from moving to the state. Especially with the Acela, access to New York and lower costs of living, both historical major advantages for New Jersey, are much more spread out now.
It's oddly accurate. Give them 10 years and they'll rebound like this never happened.
Lawmakers have their hands tied by a process that inherently slows them down and an inability to make changes retroactively to a passed law. That gives corporations and people who want to exploit gaps in the law a major advantage.
They'll move to anywhere else in the Northeast Corridor and still have access to the rail and highway system they did before. Also, funny you mention giving money away to gamblers and maniacs considering the debacle that has been Atlantic City lately, and specifically Trump's casinos therein.
Tesla reacts to the right signals while BMW, like it's drivers, just ignores them.
They **will** at some point make a profit (the cult of #tslaq is wrong) was my point, at which point they'll still get the advantage of the carryover losses. I wasn't the one talking about reinvesting profit, which I realize is a difference between them and Amazon.
Horrible analogy, a basic human right isn't like an airplane. Also, that same basic right gives you the tools to fight that misinformation if you so choose.
Sailors fighting in the dance hall Oh man, look at those cavemen go It's the freakiest show Take a look at the lawman Beating up the wrong guy Oh man, wonder if he'll ever know He's in the best selling show Is there life on Mars?
As is tradition
Kind of goes to show how, in retrospect, the partition was botched. I strongly believe that all countries, with the exception of Vatican City, should be religiously neutral and officially non-religious with a clear church/state separation. That being said, having India as a multicultural state that accepted Hindus and Muslims equally (in theory at least), was never going to work, since the split that created modern India created a monolithic ethno-theocracy run for Pakistani Muslims and treating all others as lesser or criminal (see their anti-blasphemy laws, and the abuse thereof, for example) as an ever present threat to Hindus in India. Of course Hindu nationalists see Muslims as a threat, especially given the very real threat of Pakistan next door. That doesn't make the racist proto-fascist Hindu nationalists any less assholes, but this is a hard if not impossible to fix, and very deep issue, that has existed since the partition.
I disagree with him vehemently, but I can still appreciate that he is honest and well meaning. Doesn't mean I'll vote for him, but I'd shake his hand and talk to him.
Do Danes at least get a box of those delicious butter cookies delivered each pay period in return for that?
Who's talking about murdering people into submission? North Korea is inarguably a regional, if not a world threat and nobody is talking about going in and shooting everybody in sight. I'm talking about deposing a mad despot, by force if necessary, and liberating the people to reunify Korea.
Arguments about invading Berlin tend to bomb.
These residents need to call their state representatives and tell them to change whatever enabling laws Arizona has that gives HOAs their power.
This goes all the way back to 1945, well pre-dating the movie studio gold rush into China. I'm not saying they hate the US, but definitely there are significant portions of Japanese and Korean society that resent the American military presence
That, like every story and post to date, gives absolutely zero evidence to support her being in Israel. It would be wrong to say that her connection to Israel isn't strong, but the assumptions required to leap to the conclusion of her hiding there are tenuous at best. IMO, they're a manifestation of frustration feel that she is still out there and there has been no resolution. It's understandable, but like similar theories for things like MH370 or Khashoggi, they are illogical.
[Citation needed] It was never acknowledged that he was an asset for any of those, just strongly suspected. Also, saying that he must be Mossad because 6 people showed up is the definition of an unsupported jump to a conclusion.
Only backed up by an unnamed source. Look, I don't care he is, but this is ridiculous. There is no evidence of where she is right now, be it London, Tel Aviv, or Tehran.
Actually they aren't. Even the Page Six and other articles floating around as fact are based off an unknown source or just regurgitating rumor. Besides the logical leaps to her father being a spy because 6 powerful people showed up to his funeral, extending that to her being in Israel is just a laughable blind leap with no shown basis.
Funny that the same people spewing unsourced and poorly sourced bullshit here are the same ones who decry misinformation on Facebook and conspiracy videos on YouTube.
She may very well have immunity in the US as part of Epstein's plea deal.
Ask Alex Jones if he'll give you a job, given that you apparently know what happened when nobody else does.
The blackmail is still just a theory.
Isn't it equally as likely given the facts, of rather lack thereof, that Acosta got conned by manufactured evidence and people either paid off or in the employee of Epstein to make Acosta et al. think he was intelligence? Epstein would hardly be the first millionaire or billionaire to bullshit his way out of getting prosecuted.
Interesting, but all that shows is either rampant nepotism or someone with questionable taste in hiring. It being a girls skill may only be relevant in hindsight too. I don't think it's clear if Epstein was a known predator back then.
Because part of his deal was that some of his unindicted associates got immunity too. No, new crimes wouldn't, but if immunity stood up it would greatly narrow the window of things to go after her and others with.
Zombie Scalia?
A federal judge just upheld it though, so it at least has some staying power.
Doesn't writing that mean that they care enough to write it though? Really, they could care less by just not writing that.
Indubitably
Soylent raisins
I realize the futility of fighting conspiracy theories with facts, but it needs to be noted that the cameras down the hall that would have caught anyone entering or leaving where he was were working.
&gt;And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth. -*Revelations 6:8*, KJV
Nelson Rockefeller might disagree with that statement. As would his secretary.
Does his wife have to be in the room as well?
The Father may be willing but the Holy Spirit can only go so far and thus may be unable to give her the absolution she seeks.
After taking a deep dive into that cloyingly hyper-liberal, yet toxically cynical podcast I found it. For anyone looking, it's episodes 45 and 46.
Social, not economic. Their mantra seems to be that everyone's corrupt.
Ducks fly together!
Does that come with a small pistol and a bottle of vodka?
Baking soda works very well too when a lid isn't handy. Even when one is, it works well to quickly put out secondary fires from grease splatter.
A member of the rebel alliance?
Doesn't look so little to me.
The question was more about my medicals, but I included both to cover my bases.
Some get posted online, but it seems to be only a small collection of them at random intervals and with no rhyme or reason as to what gets selected.
H. John Benjamin voices both Bob in *Bob's Burgers* and Sterling Archer in *Archer*, so yes.
Tends to hold for federal employees as well, even those not in federal law enforcement. There is no actual rule for it, but we tend to get dismissed almost as fast as we can answer the question "what do you do for a living?".
I wonder how much RJ Reynolds paid to have that plot line changed from cigarettes to guns.
Alan Davies?
Someone remind me where he ~~earned~~ expanded the fortune from his parents. He directly benefited from a near monopoly (PayPal), so unless he wants to whip 'em out and compare historical market share with Jeff Bezos, he should STFU
Google and Microsoft both are hugely competitive with Amazon in that space. I think you're underestimating or not taking into account unintended consequences if you start punishing companies with profitable divisions for using them to support less profitable divisions. If you just mean to punish companies of a certain size who do it, then that brings up other bigger issues too.
I want to second this from Houston Texas. I'll take a look next time I'm in Spec's, but I don't remember ever seeing it there. Maybe Total Wine &amp; More carries it though.
The same thing was said during/after 2008, and I'm sure it was said during the oil crisis, and during every other time of economic stress. After awhile, it becomes meaningless. Inot meaningless, then a pointless statement, since the next one will surpass this by some measure, which will be the one touted to call it a bigger wealth transfer than this one.
It's called the [crab mentality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crab_mentality).
And the mod have the resources to refuse and dare Reddit to essentially shut down when nobody is willing to control spam and shitposts on major subs.
What I got from the article is that this squad was created and trained specifically in response to previous issues, so they should in theory be the best trained people to handle them. Apparently that's not the case though.
Hello corgi my old friend, I'm here to speak with you again
!1...2315
Sir, this is a Wendy's
Hollywood loves a self masturbatory circle jerk. Best not to play into it by watching them and reinforcing that they work.
In fairness, you have to be a little crazy to do flat track racing, since when things go wrong, they really go wrong.
There's also this pesky little thing called evidence, which is lacking. The difference between a conspiracy theory and a conspiracy is proof, and there is no proof (or even evidence) that he was murdered, in fact quite the opppsite. The most that can be said, is that it is possible that he was allowed to kill himself, but there were other cameras that would have caught anyone approaching his cell and Occam comes strongly against the number of people needed working together to kill him and keeping it a secret, several times over.
Why would he be stupid enough to cooperate. Any lawyer, and much of Reddit, will tell you not to talk to the police. He's far past the point where he had any hope of rehabilitating his image, and, with the near zero chance of consequences regardless of what is discovered or said against him, he has literally nothing to gain by cooperating. I doubt he cares about giving Epstein's victims closure, much less the media and us lookyloos on Reddit, nor (logically) should he.
I'm ~~Spartacus~~ Janeway
Thanks for pointing that out. I'm sure I included it in my original letter, but forgot to reply to the above comment with the exact sections.
I think the no video rule for posts needs to be modified too. For example, I was going to post [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eex3lKDeLi0) as a post, but even though it is definitively food related, it is currently disallowed.
They also have a crazy cult of followers in the BTS Army, which may inflate how big their supporter base really is, not that they aren't legitimately popular.
Never going to happen. Now that they've had to pay him, the NFL and the teams have even less incentive than before to hire him.
They promise that they'll play fair though and the arbiter will be unbiased. They even pinky swore, but with one hand behind their back, so I couldn't see if their fingers were crossed.
Wasn't paying him several million dollars righting it? If nothing else, that eliminates any incentive to give him another shot or otherwise deal with him.
I agree. I think they got too sidetracked with the new neighbor in the 3rd season. Not to go too far into it, to avoid spoilers, but they could have still had him there without having it being the main narrative for the season. Also Sue's invention was dragged out painfully.
Peanut butter jelly time
Won't it catch fire if he uses it for its other purpose?
Easy there Vice President Pence.
Pretty much, yeah. Wal-Mart really would have no reason to lie about theft based shrink here. Adding to the workload of the employees by making them unlock the case and inconveniencing/annoying the customers is just bad business.
..Just like I like my women, black, bitter, preferably fair trade. -Krueger
A man, a plan a canal, Panama
Please no! We don't need statues of Trump.
And the girls are pretty
More than arguably any other crime, a rape accusation after the fact is, absent witnesses, a they said/they said. It is near impossible, as it should be in any society with a presumption of innocence, to prosecute a person solely on an accusation with no evidence.
You can thank WWI for that. Hitler was exposed to chemical weapons during the war and for that reason didn't want them used during WWII. Unfortunately that sentiment didn't apply to misusing a pesticide (Zyklon B, created by IG Farben, now Bayer) to murder civilians en masse.
I wish they'd release the number of hours of intros viewers skipped.
Is there a better system, short of the utopia of cops not actually breaking the law (like that'll ever happen)? I can think of a few things that would help, like giving public defenders offices a ton more money, but there is no panacea. The right to a private attorney to defend oneself is part of the basic bedrock of a fair legal system, and for better or worse that will always advantage the wealthy, who can pay for the most expensive, and arguably best, attorneys (as well as experts and other help). There is no way around that, even if the system is made more fair for poorer people.
There are inherent issues with any union, but the Union's goal and mission is to work for the members, not the employer or the public. Nobody expects any other union to leave a member high and dry due to public outrage, so it is somewhat ridiculous that that's expected of police unions. If the union's have too much power to stop fair discipline, including terminations, then that is on the city, or whoever, to make sure they have their ducks in a row to follow the rules in their bargaining agreement as to what evidence and/or investigation is needed and the steps to discipline employees, and/or they need to do a better job bargaining to be able to better discipline problem employees (which believe it or not, is broadly in the union's best interest too, as long as the right to due process from undue/unwarranted discipline is protected). Municipalities are not as helpless as a lot of commenters here want to imply.
All good ideas, although I think for that last one to truly work, there needs to be a much broader reworking of how education is funded and run. Throwing money at education hasn't worked nearly as well as intended/promised, as cost per student numbers show, and funding schools at the district level has just led to middle and upper class flight and disparity in both chool funding and quality. There is also the very real factor of only being able to control the students for 7 hours a day, which inherently leads to disparate outcomes.
I'm assuming the poster above you was referring to THC, which unlike alcohol can be present in testable amounts in the body for up to a week and there isn't the same correlation between amount and intoxication as there is with alcohol.
This made me realize that the Weasley family was just JK Rowling writing a running joke about Irish Catholics.
Letter delivery entity
Collaborate and listen
Found the Canadian.
*Porno music intensifies*
The phrase "Some people just want to watch the world burn" applies very much to Zerohedge. I think right wing isn't entirely accurate when nihilist is more accurate and they will say anything to push their agenda. They're kind of like Al Queda in blog only form, they not only ~~think~~ wholeheartedly believe the world is ending, and push it along, they want to be the principle instruments of it.
I think the person above you was positing that just closing the loop holes doesn't work. I would say that there is something that'll work, but it'll never happen because both liberals and conservatives would use their ability to use the tax code for leverage. The way to effectively make it work would be to treat all income equally (wages, cap gains, pass through, etc...) and then have a tiered flat rate system. That way, for example, the first $20k of income could be taxed at 0%, the next $30k at 5%, the next $25k at 10%, and so on to a max tier starting at $10m or $50m. It would still be progressive, and it would allow for postcard tax returns (another reason it will never happen). It would mean no social engineering though, at least not through tax credits or breaks unless they are blatant above the line handouts against earned income (making them totally transparent as such).
Wouldn't a global tax on when it is distributed be more efficient? A tax on income just gets passed on to consumers, the same doesn't happen with a tax on distributions/dividends. It would also incentivize reinvestment, which would of course incur sales and/or income tax when spent. It would probably have to include a ban on share buybacks too.
Yeah, he is technically a red and white, not a tricolor, albeit one with what the snobs in the AKC would call a miscolor (he is a registered purebred, but never considered showing him and had him fixed). Out of curiosity, I looked up some older photos, and up until about 6 months of age (about 7 months ago), the black patch was almost nonexistent, so it grew out as he did.
After he shot himself several times in the back of the head.
Autodefenistration, actually.
Oddly enough the same sound the knife made contacting his finger bones a few minutes after this.
Followed by your family
So tragic, nobody expected him to shoot himself in the back, throw himself down an elevator shaft, zip his broken but still conscious body in a duffel bag, and then throw himself in that river.
Why would he get mad? I'm sure he'll even send the kid's family a nice note after he shoots himself in the back of the head.
They're jokes, but both Russia and China have an extensive and documented history of disappearing people who have upset their leaders for real or perceived sleights.
Isn't that a good thing if they have a stake in the community? Coca Cola is headquartered in Atlanta, and I'm not sure about the rest but presumably have a lot of operations and customers in the city and greater area.
He was pretty clearly mentally ill in some shape or form. Suicide implies, if not outright requires, intent. That has never seemed to be case with him, as tragic as it was.
Because it is conduct that they are ostensibly doing anything, which the corporate interests are supporting. If they were paying for cops not to go to work, or for them to beat up more minorities then that would be different, but the donations to the departments are public and up to review both internally by the department and by the city council, and if necessary the federal government if there are quid pro quo or other corruption issues involved. A donation like this by itself isn't by itself corrupt though IMO.
Not sure if it's already been mentioned but one issue I had is that the Reddit app said, and allowed me to claim, 1 brick. The automated message I received in my inbox said that I had 0 bricks to claim. Presumably it's a round down issue for the message, but that's bound to confuse some people. **Tl;dr: Even if the message says zero bricks, check the app because you may have 1 brick to claim**
What's up from MSFT? Did I miss some big news?
Hopefully people will keep their expectations in check. Yes, this is absolutely incredible, and IMO a way to reasonably fulfill the promise made years ago of a Reddit cryptocurrency to reward users. That being said, there are some huge issues that still need to be dealt with to scale this up site wide and to make it broadly useful. I have faith that they will stick with it this and make it work, but this won't be nearly as fast a process as many people seem to think.
It's tough to view shows like this objectively decades later. I enjoy Hogan's Heroes for example, but they gloss over 99% of what the Nazis did (1% being the Gestapo shooting people offscreen for treason). That's just on the show too, so it ignores or whitewashes all of real life war. They also ignore the fact that Hogan and his crew directly kill or do things that would lead to the death/execution of thousands of Germans, sometimes including civilians in Hamelburg during the run of the show. Needless to say, a show that would not be made today, and it was surprising it was made ~21 years post WWII.
No, I was affected by the May issue, but not the zero balance bug.
Good summary. Just a further clarification for non-Americans, the standard rate for bail bondsmen is 10% of the bail amount as their fee upfront.
Just seemed like an outlier, even with tech all going up.
Hail Gein!
Only the second one, really. The Germans got blamed for the first World War because they were an easy scapegoat and everyone needed someone to blame (not that anyone was completely blameless), and more importantly someone they could send the bill to. It kind of backfired though, since trying to punish Germany for WWII was a precursor to WWII. The allies learned their lesson though and after WWII actually paid to rebuild and support Germany and Japan, rather than punish them.
A man is not dead while his name is still spoken.
I miss that show, but on principle I refuse to listen now that they sold out and went single source only. Also, they went to what is by far the worst podcast app IMO, since navigating podcast episodes on Spotify is painful, or at least was last time I tried.
Whoops, thanks for tagging him. I responded to the wrong comment.
EMP?
fsociety
But leave the tea at home this time.
Whip it, whip it good, 'cause you breathe it, you know it's good
You can thank the copper lobby and Illinois for the fact that we're still stuck with the penny. The former for obvious economic reasons, and the latter based on Lincoln being on the coin being a source of state pride.
Shhh, we don't talk about the secret country under Antarctica.
Nice try ATF :)
What's the second rule?
Yeah, how else are we supposed to.
That's why I prefer /r/investing, where we only lack common cents.
Mazda^3
I've seen that statement, and it is interesting but IMO it is weakened (but not made meaningless) by the fact that Acosta would say close to anything to keep/get the spotlight off of him and the fact that he should have faced an ethics complaint, if not worse.
At least in the case of Amber Guyger it didn't work, so that was a small victory.
Maybe it's a conspiracy by Miller Lite to prevent NASCAR becoming a respectable sport, which would seriously hurt their sales.
I think most people an overweight white guy in suspenders when they think of a racist named Bubba.
Pretty bad way to go, too. Since it looks to be mostly moving chunks, not really wet mud just collapsing around, you'd be trapped (probably foot/leg first) and then slowly dragged in and crushed from the legs up. At least going feet first into a woodchipper, there wouldn't be pressure keeping the blood in and delaying passing out from blood loss. I have to imagine this would just be slow and painful.
Yes, unless the original poster files a DMCA claim, which I strongly urge all posters to do if their stuff gets reposted by these spam bots as it is the only way to get Reddit to deal with them.
We need a video of someone doing a Naruto run down the length of it.
I realize that she's too old to play the role, but Lilly Tomlin will always be the only Miss Frizzle to me.
In fairness, we used to pay Afghan militants to kill Russian troops.
She tried to kill the wrong woman's daughter.
Was this from a drone or just from a dune overlooking the beach? The angle and framing is fantastic (along with the rest of it).
I get why we're unhappy about it, as we should be; however, the shock and outrage has to go considering that we did the exact same thing to the Russians when they occupied the country. We can't very well claim that this is some uprecedented dirty act.
I've heard of it, but never seen it, which I guess makes ima314lot lucky or unlucky, depending on your point of view. It's one of those maneuvers that IMO you have to be crazy or stupid to practice in a working plane, but in the 1 in a million chance you actually need it due to a flight control failure, knowing how to do it will save your life.
Anyone know the story behind the railroad ones?
Even if base pay doesn't change and it doesn't affect retirement, some officers make absolute bank because of departmental demands and CBA (collective bargaining agreement) terms for overtime. I don't think it can be overstated how much of a pay cut these officers will be taking based on that fmany officers it may very well be the difference between working longer or retiring, especially given the higher scrutiny and criticism right now.
You don't have an $1800 doorstop? Pffff, peasant.
At least he is braced against the back with someone holding the ladder. Unless he trips forward, he probably isn:t at too high a risk of falling. Being on a lower rung on an overall taller ladder would be safer though.
It's not wrong, it's just a little bit early.
I'll have what she's having
Pika pika
