You've essentially got two options. - Reads. If you can predict a move is going to be thrown out based on past habits, you can better anticipate the small windows of lag or small reach where they exist. It's about predicting rather than reacting, but that's how top level Smash has always been played. You can get this even more by baiting certain responses and countering those responses since you can better predict what you set up. - Outreach. Use a projectile or a disjoint or a super armor move to extend past a lingering hitbox. Use a combination of the above and that's how you get in. If they didn't work, then top level Smash would just be dittos of Ikes nair spamming in place. This also ends up creating a rock paper scissors mechanic for the game because short reach moves tend to be the most lagless, mid-range moves tend to have more, and projectiles tend to have the most and also have the most avoidable hitboxes. Plus you have shields and grabs to add to the mix.
I think that's one of the highlights of the film for me--it almost starts framed as a romance but, as it progresses, becomes something much greater and more impactful.
For me it's not as much story-wise (I think both have fantastic core stories) as it is layers-wise. Something that annoys me when people say Shinkai is the "new Miyazaki" is that they're so completely different in styles and techniques, and it feels equivalent to saying Christopher Nolan is the "new Spielberg", which we know entirely is such a silly comparison. To me, Shinkai's stories are much more digestible and straightforward than Miyazaki's. They don't have layers of subtleties and symbolism, but they are executed and paced beautifully. Your Name. was in a similar vein to that--it's relatively straightforward, but executed beautifully. So on rewatches, it feels like I'm appreciating that equally. But A Silent Voice has all of those subtleties and layers upon layers of themes and such going on that I was missing from a Shinkai film. Or I am told a detail about the film, for example that Kensuke Ushio stuck a microphone inside a disassembled piano to record most of the piano music, and then on rewatch I can't stop noticing it. As a result, rewatches became this surreal experience of noticing themes and character behaviors and context in ways I simply didn't get in my first watch. And then it happened again on my third watch. Haven't gotten that feeling from an animated film since the last Miyazaki film I rewatched.
It depends on the Elo system. But the end goal is that they incentivize playing more to maintain status or ranking. They just handle phasing out people who don't play often or in any recent times differently. Some will have Elo inflate slightly more with wins than losses in the same rankings, so overall everyone is still on the same playing field but gradual Elo inflation means people who don't play are eventually phased out. I don't know what other systems that aren't split up into seasons do, but I know that I haven't seen a system in a while that didn't phase out people who haven't played recently. But the point is, most of these still make losses feel not nearly as impactful as Smash does. And they make victories feel much better. I also think Splatoon's league system works way better to incentivize more playing.
That part does exist, but I've specified in other places my complaints about those as well. I think repeated losses against the same opponent need to have less weight to it. I think MMR gaps need to have even more weight towards the center (as in, closing the MMR gap has higher weight to it so winning against a much more highly ranked opponent nets you more gains, and losses to higher ranked opponents net you much lesser losses.
- I'm looking for Hawkgirl. - Who's asking? ...Well, I know you're asking, just, is there anyone else asking or is it just you?
I've started to get really hooked to the music in a staff roll. So many video games, TV shows (especially anime), and movies put so much work into their credits theme that staying around for it is often its own reward.
Depends what you're looking for IMO. If you're looking for someone to change the game for animation (multiple times even, with Miyazaki) and have films that can be appreciated on these crazy deep levels, you won't find it in Shinkai. If you want more straightforward but beautiful tales, with animation that consistently feels high production value with absolutely *breathtaking* weather effects, Shinkai is for you.
Yep, so we're definitely on the same page there :). (Or :( might be more appropriate). He's so much fun but I found Lucario and Greninja and Zero Suit to be way more up my alley.
Sonic might be my pick as well! Quickplay Sonics are really damn bad, and they get so predictable. But then I felt like picking him up to get the 30 characters in Quickplay challenge on the challenge board. And after a few games I was like, "Wait...he's actually so damn fun." And I beat a lot of people playing him.
The dub is...alright. Definitely wouldn't call it amazing. I watched it in both and thought it was way better in sub, and I usually veer towards dub as well. I also really don't like the RADWIMPS songs in English. Even if the lead is actually an English speaker, the lyrics translation did not scan well in English. This was a common observance both to me, who saw sub then dub, and my friend, who saw dub then sub.
Yes but it's never actually treated as a romance. It's played as one person saying to another, "I want to fuck you! Let me fuck you!" as a comedy bit. What I mean by "mostly equivalent to" is that its use feels like it's in the same spirit, even if it's not the same.
He also literally said in this thread that it's possible his tweets where he talked about that should be disregarded because he wasn't in the right head space at the time.
I just finished Kill la Kill and enjoyed it way more than I expected to. TBH Ryuko and Satsuki both deserve good chances. And hell, even Mako has a leg up on most contestants in these contests...
I just finished the show and honestly both deserve it over most of these contestants.
Agreed with the choice, disagree with the reasoning. What makes the OPM opening so good is how it's representative of the ultra-hype moments of the show when it chooses to use them, but it's overall the **opposite** of the general nature of the show.
THERE'S A HUNDRED AND FOUR DAYS OF SUMMER VACATION TIL SCHOOL COMES AROUND JUST TO END IIIIIIIIIT
It's still my favorite anime show after years of watching, where Bebop was my gateway one some time ago. That being said, there are a lot of shows that IMO don't get ruined because they simply try to do something very different. The last few I've really loved, for example, are Gintama, Violet Evergarden (on Netflix), Kill la Kill (Hulu--also don't get fooled by the absurd amount of fanservice, it's a damn quality show), Yuri on Ice, etc. Most of which are very enjoyable even not in the lens of a regular anime watcher.
Worse production values than the other two Xenoblade games, but it's by far the best Xenoblade game. Its voice cast is also phenomenal, to the point where the dub is arguably way better than the sub.
I gotta disagree on just about every one of those fronts and IMO you're missing very core details about the show. &gt;She is a character with no negative traits. She bottles up her emotions, feels inadequate in expressing any, constantly attributes blame for when things go wrong inward, and as a result considers herself a burden on those around her. As a result, earlier in the film she doesn't stand up for herself when she's bullied and instead apologized or says thank you, and she often has a difficult time reading other people. She also constantly puts other people's happiness in front of her own to the extreme that she plain stops looking out for her own. &gt;What are her goals? What are her motivations? Earlier in the film, it's to make friends and belong. Later, it's to stop ruining the lives of people around her (in her warped worldview where everything is her fault and the world would be better off without her). &gt;She is written to be purely sympathetic because if she ever did anything to alienate the audience in any way the story wouldn't work because it relies on the viewer sympathising with her. She is definitely written to be sympathized with but she's also written as a character with real struggles and shortcomings of her own. &gt;The story expects you to believe that she's a good character because it tells you that she's good character, Well, no, the story *shows* she's a good person because despite her communication issues she constantly makes it her goal to make other people happy, or to try to not cause any malice herself. &gt;but never actually gives her any depth of her own. As I mentioned in the reasons above, I heavily disagree with this. Shoya does have more focus because he is a bit more of the main character, but that's because the film is focused a bit more on the struggles he deals with, which are redemption and self-forgiveness. While Shoko's have more to do with communicating herself honestly and self-love.
&gt;silent voice is only good because the main girl is so good. The best part of the film is Shoya's arc though.
I fucked up. Ignore me.
While 4 and 5 felt like they didn't really understand what made the series special, this trailer was closest to the spirit of 1-3 I've seen since then.
Alright, let's talk Kill la Kill. Kill la Kill, for sure. This one's also fresh in my mind--finished it only a couple weeks ago. From all the advertising and hype I'd seen around the show, I expected to hate it and put it off for years. It looked like it encompassed everything I found trope-y and irritating about the medium all in one show. Overabundance of fanservice? Check. Bonus points for a BS reason of justifying said fanservice. Anime melodrama? Check. Token comedic relief character that serves no real purpose to the plot? Check. Music that, while having a lot of hype factor, has the subtlety of a semi in terms of design? Check. Trope-y ominous villains that have their evil meetings and individually fit all those tropes of brawn, brains, cute, and loner? Check. But then I somehow loved all of the above in the context of the show? The show is so unapologetic and over the top in what it is that it makes all of the above so damn good! The show revels in its lack of subtlety and as a result delivers just a purely entertaining experience, and hits you really hard when it subverts your expectations too! And in the process it also makes all of the above refreshing! The fanservice is abundant but not only is it pretty egalitarian for guys and girls, it's used on legitimately awesome female leads rather than really shitty character to make them serve as purely eye candy. The anime melodrama is super self-aware and also played for comedy a lot. Mako is actually a fantastic character. The music's lack of subtle use matches the rest of the show perfectly--Don't Lose Your Way being so overused, for example, is one of those things that should get old but somehow gets better every single time. Those trope-y characters end up being awesome in their own right and way more of a threat than just one-shot pushovers. The show's fantastic. I'm thoroughly impressed. I'm usually not a fan of the typical shounen adventure battle show formula, but Kill la Kill made it super refreshing to me by turning it up to 11 and involving super compelling female leads with no strings attached (no forced romances, no somehow giving the spotlight to the guys at a point even when they deserve it way less, etc.).
Literally just finished the show an hour ago. The power escalation in this show is undoubtedly unlike anything I've ever seen.
Your Name definitely has the higher emphasis on the romance plot, but A Silent Voice IMO has a much more grounded take on it.
And Breath of the Wild was already one of the darkest thematically in the series.
Welp, my all time favorite game getting a sequel. I'm shook.
Breath of the Wild was already an amazing game. One of the greatest games ever made. If they expanded on those two things we're talking *beyond* amazing.
Eh, I felt that the memories and the Hyrule Castle atmosphere and the absolute dread Guardians gave you definitely manifested it to at least some extent. There's only one game I felt was thematically darker in the series than Breath of the Wild and that was Majora's Mask.
People are very quick to forget how stale the main Zelda dungeon formula got. So stale that Skyward Sword arguably had some of the best dungeons in the series but no one noticed because we'd gotten so tired of them.
Comes down to a number of factors. - Early in the game, it turned everything into a very heavily survival-based experience. *Especially* on Master Mode--one of my favorite experiences in either of my playthroughs was the first few hours of Master Mode. - Getting a super badass ultra powerful weapon became really damn satisfying. Yes, it'd break eventually, but using it for those several hits was cathartic as hell. - I liked being encouraged and forced to experiment with all the different weapon types, elementals, boomerangs, rods, arrow types, etc. - Getting a crit with a thrown weapon and watching your enemy ragdoll away was so fucking satisfying.
I actually finished TTGL last night and I could write pages about the things I liked and things I didn't like about it. Overall have it as an 8/10, though I can see how it would warrant much lower scores or 10/10s depending on what the viewer is looking for. (If I were to go into some negatives, I thought Yoko's character was sidelined HARD, Rossiu was amazing but then sidelined in the last several episodes as well, the ridiculous amount of fanservice was entirelty gratuitous and added nothing unlike its use in FLCL and KlK, and while the first half sets up the second half really damn well, I think it could've been executed a lot better on a lot of fronts. I think the political plot in the middle was also the strongest part of the show and was sad when it was sidelined.) But I'm just gonna talk about how it relates to this conversation right now. TTGL is the *epitome* of shounen tropes to me. Yeah it's framed around the evolution of human civilization, but it fits the bill on just about every shounen trope possible. Young male protagonist in a coming-of-age story (also, even after the timeskip there is still more to the coming-of-age story, just saying). On an adventure starting from a small town that eventually turns into a world-scale conflict with power escalation through the roof. Most fights coming down to winning with the power of friendship, fighting spirit, or both. Big melodramatic over-the-top speeches weaving through it all. Shounen tropes aren't always defined as simple, straightforward stories. Nor are they always defined as turn-off-your-brain-to-enjoy stories. Otherwise, FMA and FMAB wouldn't be shounen battle adventure shows, but they're practically the epitome and gold standard of the genre. TTGL may have other layers, but it is also certainly trope-y. My friends who love it way more than me will even admit it's super trope-y (and for some they love that about it). And Kill la Kill follows almost all of those tropes as well--the difference being that it kinda cranks them up to absurdity that refreshed my enjoyment of them all over again. It also swapped out young male protagonist with young female protagonist, and also decentralized her as the main chosen one, which was insanely refreshing to me (I hate when shounen side characters are mostly sidelined once they've worn out their usefulness in terms of agency, but Kill la Kill kept almost all of its side characters invested all the way through).
I thought the game placed with empty space brilliantly. You still couldn't travel 30 seconds by horse without finding something interesting, but the realistically spaced out world made it feel way more grounded, while also adding some serenity in between points of interest.
Wait, hang on. - Sure, no fishing, but you can fucking harpoon fishes. Or use shock arrows. Or grab them yourself. And also, is that an actual real major flaw? - The "whiney emo princess"? Zelda in Breath of the Wild is arguably the best written character in the series to date. Even better than Wind Waker Ganondorf or the Skull Kid IMO. - The durability system is polarizing but I really loved it. - I'll give you "lack of real dungeons" but they were not the focus of the game at all, so I was fine. - Breath of the Wild's narrative as told in the memories and journals is my third favorite in the series, only behind Wind Waker and Ocarina of Time. And I've finished 9 Zelda games. Those are also all mostly elements that are not *nearly* major enough to make it even close to the "worst main Zelda game".
- But it certainly is more fun. And I'm fairly certain not even half of Zelda games have fishing. - Good way of diluting a ridiculous amount of character development, backstory that very much contextualizes her bitterness, and the pressures around her by her father and a looming apocalypse. Sure. - Why is that a bad thing to go through a weapon when the game's point is to clearly make you go through a lot of weapons to experiment with them? Also I'm definitely not the only one. It's been a polarizing point for ages. - I've finished 9 and started-not-completed a couple more. In all of them, only about half had the dungeons as the main focus. The others had the overworld as the much bigger focus. And Wind Waker pretty much only focuses hard on story because its dungeons and exploration factor are some of the worst in the series IMO. - What? The whole reason why the world is in its broken state, and that Zelda's development happens, is because of Calamity Ganon's cycle. Having a lingering nemesis in the background is not inherently a bad thing either. A fragmented story is not inherently bad one either, especially when the atmosphere and setting tell so much already. My point was that even most of the issues you mentioned above wouldn't give it nearly as many flaws and issues as Wind Waker, TP, and SS had. Not to mention some of the portable ones like Minish Cap and PH and ST.
I agree. Was more just making a side note.
&gt;Most of the Zeldas are anime waifu on some degree. And part of what makes BotW Zelda so great is that she's more than just being super sweet or super refined or just a blank slate--she actually has real struggles and character and pressures and development of her own.
When I said darker atmosphere, I meant darker than BotW's. It had many creepy and dark points of the game, but I wouldn't call it nearly as melancholic or lonely or dark story themes-wise as BotW was overall.
See "IMO" for more details.
One could say the same about Ocarina, and yet it's still remembered as an all time great. Breath of the Wild will be regarded as an absolute masterpiece for years to come, don't you worry.
The durability system was one of my favorite parts of the combat...
It would definitely disincentivize throwing weapons, and discarding weapons for new ones though.
Eh, I wouldn't call Wind Waker's a different approach. It's up in my tops because of how damn good it is, sure, but it's nothing groundbreaking or innovative the way Breath of the Wild's is.
As am I. MM is a fucking brilliant game. I still haven't finished it but my brother who's finished every single Zelda still considers it tied for his all time favorite game with BotW. My point was that, no matter how well MM succeeded Ocarina, Ocarina didn't suddenly get forgotten.
Sure, but so was BotW. Creeping around castle gates, the Guardian music, the imagery in some of the memories, wandering around many of the ruins (especially Akkala IMO), etc. It's not creepy like MM is, but it is for sure melancholic.
So while valid to some degrees... - I usually distinguish between the long-form shounen and the short-form. You won't see that trope in most short-form shounens (the ones that last 25-60 episodes or so), but you will see it in a lot of the long form ones. - Artificial lengtheners is for sure one of the tropes Kill la Kill likes to subvert. The scenes when Ryuko is recovering the pieces is so fucking hilarious because it's just so rapid fire and each time they blast Before My Body Is Dry instrumental and it's great. There's also the "recap episode" fakeout.
The first one had me invested for 190 hours and had at least a dozen of my greatest moments in any video game I've ever played. So I'm quite satisfied with the amount of "quest" in the first one.
Not the darker tone? Not the higher story focus? Besides, it's not a revelation that Ganon's back. It's a revelation that *Ganondorf* is. That actually has major repercussions to the lore since they are considered different types of villains with different influences on the world.
I think he meant more it looks like the Majora's Mask treatement. AKA "Let's take one of the greatest games ever made, and recycle some parts to somehow make *another* of the greatest games ever made."
That was hands down the highlight for me. Best case scenario, and almost exactly what it looks like, it's a Majora's Mask treatment of the game. AKA, the "let's take one of the greatest games ever made, recycle some parts, and somehow come out with *another* of the greatest games ever made" treatment.
It's currently one of the highest viewed E3 videos. It also has the second most popular E3 thread on /r/games. And if you see live reaction shots from people streaming it (especially at the Nintendo store), people were going nuts.
Personally, I don't think it was the finale itself that sucked. I think the finale itself was actually quite good. I do think the final season leading up to it, however, was kinda a mess. The show does actually answer just about all of the questions that were brought up. The problem is, the answers were often so...anticlimactic and overly simple compared to the leadup.
Cyberpunk was just a trailer and Keanu. Now, those are great things... But an announcement of a sequel to one of the greatest games ever made, which was wished for by people who *both* loved and didn't like BOTW (because the people who didn't like it were hoping for a sequel that would build on it with bigger focus on dungeons and story) is something on a completely different level.
And it's part of the reason why Ghibli and KyoAni are my two favorite anime studios, because they're famous for their much better working conditions.
&gt;Nintendo saying they're making a sequel to the best selling Zelda game ever is completely expected. And yet that didn't happen with Twilight Princess, which was previously the best selling Zelda. It was also very unexpected to be announced the same year as another Zelda releasing.
Major false equivalence. You left out the part where one was a trailer for a game where we already have seen gameplay, other trailers, and other details. And the other was a **new game announcement trailer**.
A lot of details left out there. - The teaser heavily implied a darker tone - The teaser heavily implied a heavier story focus, and a heavier dungeon focus - It's been safe to assume that Nintendo would make another 3D Zelda...but they're usually spaced out at least 5-6 years apart. We're only two years out of the last one and we already have art style and story footage of the new one. - Reusing the same engine and being a direct sequel implies a much more imminent release than we're usually used to for 3D Zelda announcements. It's a combination of all of the above that makes it exciting.
Not at all. They actually gave an update for Metroid Prime 4 earlier this year. They announced development progress was not going as they hoped, and they decided to restart development to ensure it would be great, and that they were basically restarting with Retro Studios, who made the Prime Trilogy originally.
Twilight Princess is mostly only dark colors-wise. Some enemy types too. If we're talking thematically dark, Majora's Mask takes the cake. Breath of the Wild way up there too, and Wind Waker sorta up there in some respects.
It's not for everyone, but for those who it is for, it's the bees knees. IMO the best way to approach it is to not feel compelled to do any part of the game you don't consider fun. The game is pretty great at making the random collectibles and puzzles and challenges and enemy camps feel guiltless to skip. Even with shrines, you can get the fast travel point without completing the actual shrine. For me though, I had a blast with almost every facet of the game. And it's my favorite game of all time.
Breath of the Wild is hands down one of the greatest video games ever made. Played the game for 190 hours and was fairly certain of that the entire way through.
I think the best part IMO was not actually the dungeons, but how you get into the dungeons. See, in the original NES Zelda, dungeon entrance was not linked to story. It was more puzzle-Metroidvania where you had to discover the secrets or get the tools or decipher riddles to unlock the dungeon entrance, and then you start. But starting with ALttP, these started to become more story-driven. ALttP kinda blended the two by having certain story beats unlock certain sets of dungeons, but you still accessed them through puzzle solving or special items. Ocarina came around though and suddenly almost every dungeon was entered in a very story-driven way. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but it *is* a tradeoff. And almost every Zelda game since then did the same thing. Breath of the Wild gave me the best of both worlds, because the Divine Beasts were entered in a more story-driven fashion, but a lot of the shrines were discovered and unlocked in very puzzle- and exploration-driven fashion, just like in the original. And I fucking loved that.
He still comes out with pure gold semi-often though. I think people like to look back at all the Dunkey classics and ask, "Why don't we get those as often anymore?", but we forget that those videos happened over the course of *years*. But you can look back in the past few months alone and find some absolutely amazing vids. His Mordhau content, the Youtuber Tier List, Anthem Legends: Exodus, Kingdom Hearts 3 review, etc. were all fantastic. And his Tetris video three months ago was one of my favorites he's ever made.
So is Breath of the Wild but that doesn't stop it from still being regarded as one of the greatest games ever made.
&gt;BotW not so much Which are you talking about there? Exploration factor or visuals? Because I highly disagree with both. Most of my 190 hours of bliss are purely from exploration factor, and art direction wise it's one of the most gorgeous games I've ever played.
Possible even sooner. Last time they had final art direction gameplay to show (E3 2016), they were less than a year from release. I'd still bet on 2021 as well, but I wouldn't be surprised if it's as early as holiday 2020.
And sometimes when he talks JRPGs. It feels like he's clearly torturing himself by playing so many when they're obviously not his cup of tea, and he's self-admitted to being way biased against them. So why does he still feel the need to review them?
&gt;After you've explored maybe a third of it, you've seen pretty much all of it. Any new area is just going to be filled with the same stuff maybe colored differently. You say that, but I was finding brand new content and experiences 120 hours through, even after I had explored 90% of the map. You're forgetting a LOT of the details of the game.
I literally just said 120 hours of fresh content disregarding repeated stuff (like shrines and korok seeds). And literally just gave repeated examples. Did you actually just ignore most of my comment? &gt;or if you do the major content of the game, then the final boss is like pathetically boring.... Or you could fight the boss first, *then* do all that content. Also, definitely wouldn't call the boss boring if you got too powerful. Hell, my favorite part of the boss is actually the final phase, which is stupid easy but is epic as hell.
I love the Trial of the Sword and it's a great showcase to me of how amazing the combat in the game is in general, but I'm more referring to [these](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/bzvpib/dunkeys_e3_2019/er1rlgq/) factors.
&gt;My problem with the game is that from a gameplay perspective, most of this stuff is completely pointless. Aside from the fact that it's...I dunno...fun? Like, if the game itself is not fun, why the fuck bother? &gt;What do I get from exploring the castle? Nothing. Super durable high powered weaponry. The Hylian Shield. A secret boss fight. More story in the form of interesting journal entries from the king and Zelda. Lynels. &gt;What do I get from surfing down a mountain? Nothing. It's fun as fuck. Why else would you play in the first place? &gt;the same one you get from the shrine that's just sitting at the side of the road, so why bother going through the dangerous labyrinth? Because it's FUN. &gt;And when I do get something, it's either one of 900 korok seeds, a shrine with a simple riddle and with an orb at the end &gt;or a chest with either some rupees And in a game where health and stamina and inventory space and rupee economy actually matter, these are helpful. Hell, these are more valuable than 90% of past Zelda rewards. You also forget how often some of the harder shrines give you unique clothing sets that have major impacts on gameplay. Clothing sets in general in this game are pretty awesome. &gt;If there's no reward, then what's the point? Because the reward is way more intrinsically focused. &gt;I can't defeat Ganon with the stories of my sand surfing adventures. But you can say that the game was fun as hell because of them. &gt;And spending quite a lot of time on a task, only to be rewarded with some generic stuff that can also be found just about anywhere else doesn't feel very rewarding. Only if the time spent is a chore and not fun in itself. It's the same reason why a lot of people work in low paying jobs in real life by choice--because they find it more intrinsically rewarding. You can't have an amazingly rewarding game just by giving you stuff. The path getting there has to be enjoyable too. And Breath of the Wild does exactly that.
Well it's a good thing that Korok Seeds weren't even close to the only thing in the game. They were probably bottom of the list as far as content *in that game* goes. The game has countless completely unique experiences even if you completely disregard the sandbox and the repeated content.
I mentioned some over [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/bzvpib/dunkeys_e3_2019/er01ubt/). And there were others that I missed that others have brought up. There's also the random bits of emergent gameplay that can occur. I mentioned motorbike skiing which I made up there, but one of my favorite moments in the game was when I was exploring a random forest and I find this bear just lurking there. I remember reading that you could ride bears so I do it and I'm having a great time. I keep riding and then I come across this giant pile of bones that pops up and it's a freaking Stalnox, which I had not seen before. And so now I'm riding this bear, doing archery stuff, against this Stalnox in the middle of the woods and it's sick. Stuff like that haha.
Yo mad respect to admitting the positives and importance of Breath of the Wild even if it's not up your personal alley.
I think we're talking the benchmark for innovation and breaking down tradition in a proactive way, not a graphics benchmark.
&gt;on an already outdated format. Portable is outdated? Also, there were *way* more new games plus new multiplats shown off than ports.
No, BotW 2 was by far the biggest thing. It has way more publicity and views and exposure right now.
Portable is way more of a "format" than lesser graphics lol. And you can't call it outdated when mobile is absolutely booming right now. Most Switch games are not downgraded in features and that's what's most important. Playing portably but with lesser graphics is *perfectly fine* for most ports on Switch. Only the once-in-a-while exception has sucked. But once again, we're not just talking about ports. Many more new games were shown off than ports. &gt;I don't do portable video games, it's not my thing, I tried and it never works for me. I never have time to travel and play games. My game time is home time with my free time. Sounds like a you problem. The high attach rate of the Switch + great Switch sales in general show that way more people are the opposite.
Nonstop actual gameplay, big game from Platinum, Animal Crossing looked fantastic, Luigi's Mansion looked fantastic, BotW 2 announcement looked fantastic, Smash DLC looked fantastic, Trials of Mana looked fantastic, Fire Emblem looked fantastic, the multiplats aside from Witcher 3 looked very uncompromised, etc. They won E3 hands down IMO.
To expand on what /u/Graham94738 said, we also didn't know anything about it. We didn't know that it was going to be a direct sequel, or what tone it would carry.
I think that's your imagination. Banjos and kazooies are musical instruments.
Israel has been involved with technological research in environmental technologies for decades though. Its massive arms industry isn't exactly something to give it flak for either when its past history is riddled with wars instigated by all of its surrounding neighbors simultaneously. Not to mention the ridiculous amount of money that goes into Iron Dome. Yes the Palestinian occupation is contentious as fuck and we can talk about that elsewhere and how it's decades too late to get properly resolved, but that's not exactly from a position of environmental carelessness. EDIT: Guys, I know Israel-Palestinian conflict is mad contentious but please stop replying to me about political stuff! The entire point of my reply was to try to get rid of political talk in an /r/futurology thread and convey that it's not relevant!
That is a *major* double standard you've got there. You pass blame for one war onto the the people you consider to blame but didn't actually fire the first shots, and then pass blame for one war onto the people who technically fired the first shots but didn't instigate the war. The 1948 war was Arabs responding to a United Nations mandate, and wasn't a conquering of Palestine but a splitting of it. And it was started with Jewish civilian attacks. The 1967 Six Day War was technically started by Israel's pre-emptive strike, but was instigated by Egypt's blockade of the Straits of Tiran, mobilizing their armies across the Israeli border, and literally announcing within the previous month that they were going to attack and attempt to destroy Israel. Then you ignore the third major war which was arguably most important to the discussion because it was the biggest contributor to the current situation (the Yom Kippur War started in 1973, which was equivalent to if another nation attacked the US on Christmas if Christmas was also a fast day).
&gt;Any country with a massive arms industry should take flak. They're making weapons to kill human beings with. Or it's to defend themselves. I mean, what do you expect them to do? Not have an army and just get wiped out? Unfortunately we're not living in a world with Tony Stark who could just end all wars with a suit of armor.
&gt;they actively profit off their continued occupation, They don't exactly profit off of it. They still need aid to supply Iron Dome--they were close to running out of money on it at least a few times. &gt;using the occupied territories as testing grounds so as they can sell their weapons as “battled tested”. Even if you oppose the Gaza attacks (which are entirely in direct response to rockets being fired by Hamas into Israeli civilian centers), it's extremely disingenuous to claim those attacks are for profit. Even Israel knows those attacks don't do them any favors overall as it is always a source of negative media attention for them and they need any positive media attention they can get. &gt;Also it’s not too late to properly resolve it, and that kind of rhetoric is exactly how the occupation sustains itself. Me saying "decades too late" doesn't mean I think it shouldn't get resolved--it means I think it's even more imperative it gets resolved. &gt;but you can’t just point to their solar energy projects (which have attracted controversy due to the disastrous effects that solar plants would have for the flora and fauna in the Mojave desert) and ignore their continued destruction of the environment. I don't disagree. But it goes both ways--you point to the detrimental effects on the environment and ignore the context of how it got there.
&gt;You DID just talk about it and then said we can’t talk about it right now. Because it's only worth in a thread on /r/futurology to talk about the environmental/technological discussion at hand. &gt;If you do research Israel was usually instigating or mutually aggressive We really debating this? Which war are you talking about? The one where Arabs attacked Jewish civilians after a UN Mandate to instigate a war? Or the one where Israel launched a pre-emptive strike on a nation that mobilized on its border, blockaded it, literally announced within the month that they were going to attack and destroy Israel? Or the one where the Arab nations surprise attacked them on Yom Kippur, which the equivalent of the US getting attacked on Christmas...if Christmas was also a fast day? &gt;what’s that got to do with them becoming a terrorist and apartheid state with no humanity in sight? What makes them a terrorist state? That they attack a territory, primarily targeting military personnel that use civilians as human shields in response to said military personnel firing rockets and building tunnels to attack civilian centers? If we're talking apartheid, you need to start by considering that Palestinian Israelis actually do have full rights of universal health care and voting rights and citizenship rights. Contention lies in the military occupied territories, which have been in standstill by both sides for decades. Weird talking about "no humanity in sight" for one of the only Middle Eastern countries (if not the only one) with simultaneously universal healthcare, promotion of LGBT rights, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, and promotion of women's rights. Am I saying Israel is perfect? Fuck no, and I hate Netanyahu and the Palestinian occupation too. But your statements are so far beyond logic and reason it's absurd. So...it *is* contentious.
Fair, at least you acknowledge that.
Each election season they get closer to voting out Netanyahu, actually. This past year's election, his coalition only barely won. So hopefully it will happen in the imminent future.
That was a really detailed and nuanced rebuttal, thank you.
&gt; You didn’t talk about the environmental side in fact you have just now written multiple paragraphs. If you're gonna spout bullshit I'm going to respond with detail and nuance. But this reply has so much bullshit in it (being opposed to BDS = anti-freedom of speech. Huh. People dying in war = no women's rights and healthcare suddenly means nothing. Huh. Actual video evidence of human shielding = propaganda. Huh. Explaining there's nuance = painting it as heavenly. Huh.) that I'm just gonna take your advice and not do that again.
Hell I'd argue Korok seeds are one of the least important components of Breath of the Wild's exploration factor.
Wait, I can get *paid* to have an overall positive opinion of Israel? Must have missed my paycheck.
Do make sure you have your TV set to Game Mode, if you haven't yet. There definitely shouldn't be that much latency involved.
Because it was [real](https://www.thewestonmercury.co.uk/news/court/man-sentenced-after-head-butting-stranger-1-1751023). The guy pled guilty.
Unfortunately, if you did, you might lose your case. Turns out [it was all real](https://www.thewestonmercury.co.uk/news/court/man-sentenced-after-head-butting-stranger-1-1751023). The guy pled guilty.
Well it's a good thing [it wasn't a lie](https://www.thewestonmercury.co.uk/news/court/man-sentenced-after-head-butting-stranger-1-1751023). The guy pled guilty too.
Well, because [it was real](https://www.thewestonmercury.co.uk/news/court/man-sentenced-after-head-butting-stranger-1-1751023). The man pled guilty too.
Hi OP, just letting you now that maybe you should [do your research](https://www.thewestonmercury.co.uk/news/court/man-sentenced-after-head-butting-stranger-1-1751023) before posting. The guy pled guilty too.
Well, he certainly popped off for causing a bullying campaign against a girl who [actually was telling the truth](https://www.thewestonmercury.co.uk/news/court/man-sentenced-after-head-butting-stranger-1-1751023). The guy pled guilty too. The internet fucking sucks. People bullying others for low effort lies that are disproven by some long wall of text...when it turns out the wall of text was the low effort lie the whole time.
Several other replies (and also real life experience) will tell you that you can very easily get a black eye without it swelling. Black eyes come in all shapes and sizes.
Gotcha. I personally haven't picked up Cadence yet--just been playing Crypt on Switch.
I really appreciate how Gigguk elucidates on why the manga is still so strong even past the S1 material. Yes there's less focus on Saitama and it's not as constantly funny, but it gets genuinely super intense, more light keeps getting shone on the rest of the world and its super interesting characters, and we get some damn satisfying and visceral moments as a result. It basically turns from a parody of the genre to a damn good exemplar of what the genre can do in its own right. And even then, when it wants to be funny, it's still *hilarious*. S2 of the anime just misses all of that though. I binged the entire second half of the published manga in 2-3 days, but it's becoming super hard to even pick up the latest episode of the anime as it comes out.
&gt;Sun/Moon sold incredibly well and they were the weakest entries so far imo. Highly disagree. The first few hours *suck* and are some of the worst in the entire series, but overall I'd easily rank it above Gen 3, Gen 6, and trading pros and cons with Gen 5. Best written story in the series (which isn't saying much but still), one of the best champions ever, ridiculously good music, a great region, incredibly high quality new Pokemon additions, and some small-scale but neat shakeups. Also, AI trainers that actually make smart moves. Play the game with Exp Share turned off so you don't get drastically overleveled, and Battle mode set to Set, and you easily have the hardest Pokemon Gen since Gen 4 IMO.
OK so I actually did this fight last night again and for like 2-3 hours was getting frustrated and reminded myself why it was basically this fight and Bed of Chaos as the primary two moments in the game I considered absolute BS. **But** then I discovered something I didn't even realize in my first playthrough (I either got lucky or did this accidentally): you can actually out-poise the rat-dog attacks! When you beat the boar earlier in the game you get the boar helmet and both balders and hollow soldiers drop other poise stuff. Put it on and suddenly single dog attacks no longer phase you. COMPLETELY changed the dynamic of the fight for me and I no longer consider it BS.
Monolith Soft is weird though. Their games are 50% absolutely *genius* ideas, and 50% mindboggling design decisions where you ask, "Who the fuck greenlit this?!" Even weirder when a good portion of those decisions were actually done *right* in previous games. Xenoblade Chronicles 1 is one of the greatest JRPGs ever made. XBC X and 2 were two good/great games with some pieces that were fucking brilliant and some pieces that were bafflingly stupid. But at least it's clear that they're trying, mostly. Game Freak just reeks of incompetence and laziness these days.
By the way, the same guy that directed Skyward Sword, Hidemaro Fujibayashi, directed Breath of the Wild. So it just goes to show how even on the individual person level, Nintendo's A-Teams have more adventurous spirit and a stronger heart for addressing criticism and learning than Game Freak does. Side note, imagine being Fujibayashi right now. Going from directing one of the most controversial Zeldas ever to directing one of the most widely acclaimed video games ever made that also finally brought Nintendo back to dominating a year of GOTY awards (for the first time since Ocarina of Time too. Other Nintendo games have made waves at GOTY awards, especially Super Mario Galaxy, but none swept the awards season like BotW since Ocarina).
I think he's including that in the metric.
Half of those episodes you listed are not that strong. And none of them are quite as good as the best stuff in Seasons 2-3. And that list is tiny compared to the density of golden episodes in Seasons 1-3.
Brawl MK was infinitely more dominant than Bayo. MK was so dominant that several of his techniques were banned and he was *still* beyond any other character. MK was so dominant that there was a character with a chain grab infinite on the entire cast (IC's) and MK was considered a whole cut above *them*! MK turned viable characters into competitively pointless characters. He had stages banned just for his ridiculous matchups on them. Fairly certain he nad no non-positive matchups (so none where he even went even). Brawl MK is by far the most dominant character in Smash history and it isn't even close.
I definitely wouldn't at all call BotW a "simple game on the surface". The depth of the chemistry engine alone is near-unparalleled.
Plot maybe. Atmosphere is one of the things Breath of the Wild already masterfully delivers, however.
I would agree with that. I actually liked the dungeons quite a bit but they were too similar to each other in aesthetic. That being said, the actual idea of having these hulking mecha interiors was pretty sick.
&gt;Yeah but sacrificing story for openness is not a good thing in my book. I completely disagree. Gameplay comes first, and Breath of the Wild's open world is the only one I've ever played, period, that feels actually congruent to its story integration. Even if the story is light (and I disagree about it being weak--the narrative is actually my third favorite in the series behind Wind Waker and Ocarina), having higher emphasis on gameplay and true freedom is what made this game special. IMO we wouldn't be talking about this game nearly as much today if the story was traditional and railroaded, because the world progression simply wouldn't have been as iconic. That is undoubtedly a net good thing in my book. And this line: &gt;and that is a poor way to hold water. Is kinda silly because the plot was primarily based around her, and characters are the most important part of any story. Second most important part is setting and worldbuilding, which Breath of the Wild also has in droves.
More like the difference between SWTOR-like combat and KotOR-like combat. And the latter is leagues more fun and strategic than the former.
That shit is so boring. Any fighting game that devolves into that, for example, tends to be absolutely boo'd and shit on. It's also way more simplistic than the current Pokemon battle system. There's so much in depth strategy and replayability to the current battle system that people still play regularly on Pokemon Showdown just because it gets rid of all the fat that comes with playing a regular Pokemon game. This though? This is like an MMO-lite with button mashing.
If Monolith Soft were to incorporate their proficiency in worldbuilding and world progression they've attained and add that to the core Pokemon combat loop, that'd be sick.
That's not even the worst part. The worst part is that when women do the opposite and just be complicit, they tend to also be snubbed for not having that, well, initiative.
KotOR does have some clunky controls, but that's definitely not enough to hinder the whole experience. My point was more that KotOR's core gameplay is still net excellent. &gt; so instead of hamfisting my way trying to explain my feelings on the matter, I decided to find some other reviews on the story that was a close as possible to resemble my thoughts on it. I hope you dont mind, but I find myself unable to write out the thoughts in my head correctly. Please excuse this if it feels a bit like a cop out. This is a very fair thing to do and I don't blame you for it. Also I appreciate you saying I'm well-spoken in my own arguments. I'm not gonna focus on refuting most of those points, and instead focus on why I enjoy Breath of the Wild's story a lot. So much so that it's my third favorite narrative in the series (next to Wind Waker and Ocarina). I just wanna address the plot holes you're bringing up first. - The wreaking havok thing isn't so unbelievable. Kakariko is not disconnected from the rest of the world--they have scouts, merchants travel to and from it, and they have high viewpoints and can see happenings in other locations. Even more so, most of the natural disasters are super visible from even far away. Hell, the game often will render them even when they're way far away. Huge everlasting rains right next door, powerful winds in the northwest, huge volcanic activity, everlasting sandstorms, etc. Not too hard to miss. - The Divine Beasts acting up are inferred (and maybe explicitly mentioned) as Ganon's power coming back to form and Zelda struggling to maintain holding it off. Now, here are some of the reasons why none of the above phased me personally (even if I can see why it would for you). For one, I think motivation is covered by a lot of inherently gameplay-driven pieces. Ever play Mega Man X? So what makes the gameplay work so well there is that not only is it fun, but in the tutorial stage you're put against an enemy you can't beat, and you meet an ally who you want to get as strong as. In Breath of the Wild, you start off weak, having to fight for your life even against the weakest enemies. You get a taste of Guardians, which are scary as hell. You want to get stronger. You need to get stronger. So you work to get stronger. And that covers the bases until you learn more about the survivors in Hyrule, and the awesome character that is Zelda, and motivations start to shift to saving them. Because the damage isn't already done. It's been a lot of destruction but there are survivors. Zelda has been holding off absolute apocalypse for 100 years by herself and can't hold out much longer. Even the surviving, broken Hyrule will be taken to absolute destruction if that happens. Even with no connection to a more prosperous time, you can tell this world is broken. I think the world expresses itself super well like this. See, this point: &gt;No one has helped you ro explained to you why Hyrule must be saved. Because its already destroyed, there's nothing really left to save. Isn't quite right as a result. Hyrule is broken but it's not destroyed. You go around seeing that there is still civilization holding on in parts. Stuff worth saving. It's similar to how in Avatar: The Last Airbender, the Earth Kingdom being lost and the war already being "over" didn't change the fact that Sozin's Comet would make things infinitely worse. In general though, the reason why I love the game's narrative is because of how *little* is expressed through cutscenes. It's expressed through the setting, the atmosphere, the music, and the character's motivations as expressed through the player's (the curiosity of the world, the desire to get stronger, etc.). It flowed naturally with the gameplay, even if it wouldn't stand completely on its own. I also think this is the only Zelda game where Link is contextualized as the mute protagonist properly, and I definitely wouldn't say present link is happy-go-lucky or past Link is dark or brooding. He's reserved, always has been. But he's brave when lives are on the line too. In summary, if the game's story wasn't for you, then that's totally fine. For me though, I thought it was exactly what it needed to be.
Electricity runs through chained (often recursively) metal objects. Also amplified by water. Fire not only makes more fire but cooks objects, automatically sets off bomb arrows, automatically nullifies ice arrows, etc. Accumulated weighted objects can be used to replace yourself on tiles in shrines. Fire creates updrafts that you can then sail on. Arrow arcs are determined by bow strength and style. Some enemies can't swim and can be coerced into water by unconventional means, some can. Wind, gravity, and loopdeeloops and such used to influence physics based puzzles with orbs and bombs and crates and such. Lightning storms make metallic objects more susceptible to strikes, and you can even drop an object that was going to get shocked, use magnesis on it, drag it over to an enemy, and shock them with it. Lightning also knocks down trees. Cuccoos' attack-back behavior does not just apply to you anymore, but universally. Equipping a heated or frosted weapon actually affects your resistance to certain climates. So does carrying a torch, or lighting a campfire. Fish can be harpooned, shocked, lifted out of the water with cryonis, etc. Cryonis doesn't just work on pools of water but on objects such as waterfalls to create climbing paths. You can watch videos comparing the engine to Horizon Zero Dawn's and Breath of the Wild's, and between BotW's and Red Dead Redemption 2's. It's absolutely ridiculous how much BotW's interactivity outclasses HZD's, and how much it goes toe-to-toe on so many aspects with RDR2 (and while RDR2 beat it in some ways, BotW beats it in others).
Mhm. Breath of the Wild is my favorite game of all time, but it's obviously not completely maxed out in every respect. But then again, I don't think it needed to be. The all-time best games are hardly ever the ones that polish an idea to perfection, but rather the ones that set new standards and templates for later games to build on them.
I mean, if you want to wait 15 years of dev time between titles (to an already 5-year dev time) to add onto their already ridiculously amazing game: - An alternative version of the world, which completely changes the way the game is played - A full mask system, which completely changes the way the game is played - Insert of Dark Link - Extra playable characters with even more story arc - Transferring save functionality with actual use for transferring your save while maintaining game balance - An entire naval system - More creatures with the same level of behavior variety as those already in the game - A way expanded weapon system that packs about 5x as much as any other Zelda weapon system ever - More one-shot items and somehow make them less one-shot than they were in past Zeldas when they were used - Plot/progression that doesn't betray the free nature of the game as it stands by railroading it down a linear path like every other open world game seems to do. - Somehow make all of the above into an actually cohesive, focused game on its own that doesn't have Kingdom Hearts-level shitshow of a plot or focus. then be my guest. Lol half the things I listed, taken directly from your comment, usually each eat up like half of a game's 3+ years dev time to implement and balance and incorporate cohesively *on their own*.
The National Dex cut IMO would be complete overreaction if Game Freak was actually compensating with demonstrated effort in other areas. They're not though. That's why this whole thing sucks.
Tutorial doesn't mean hand-holding. Handholding is usually taken to mean treating the player as if they have little intelligence and forcing them down a path with no respect. The point about quest markers is actually mad debatable because even when there are some, they're intentionally super vague. Almost no side quests have quest markers, and the ones for the main story only give you a vague general direction. No indication of the path to take to get there, or the items you need, etc. Even the Master Sword has no quest marker on it whatsoever. But even if you include the Great Plateau: - You go through it nonlinearly. - For large parts of it there are no quest markers. - There are multiple ways past certain obstacles (such as the cold) and the game doesn't explicitly force you to any of those methods.
&gt;I think Pokémon was treated with love, it’s just not as groundbreaking as we all wanted it to be. Either it wasn't treated with love, or it doesn't at all look like it is. It looks like a mixture of laziness and incompetence. Cutting the Pokedex isn't what I'm against--I think it was inevitable for a while. My issue is that they don't at all look like they're making up for it in quality anywhere else. The animations look worse than Pokemon Stadium's 20 years ago, the engine looks like an upscaled 3DS game and the 3DS engine performed awfully too. Mega Evolutions were a great addition and they're cutting it for something that looks incredibly lazier. So far all the demos have demonstrated some super slow pacing, which the series has gotten progressively worse at over time. None of it addresses the core issues fans have been clamoring about for ages. &gt;but you can’t really call any of them groundbreaking I'd argue that Super Mario Maker 2's absolutely astounding amount of content, Smash Bros.'s continuous acquisition of character picks previously seen as unfeasible or pipe dreams, and a sequel to one of the most highly acclaimed games ever made are as groundbreaking as you need. The others just look like they have an enormous amount of passion and heart in them, which says enough on their own. &gt;but Nintendo still has not really listened to their longtime fans about things we would love to see in a Zelda game. They move at a glacial pace in certain regards. That's just plain not true. Breath of the Wild addressed requests and concerns countless long-time fans have had for the series for ages. It broke down a ridiculous number of traditions and brought about the most groundbreaking Zelda game since Ocarina of Time. And for the first time since Majora's Mask, it's a 3D Zelda that respects the player, doesn't hold their hand, and is paced phenomenally. It brought a ton of fans who had fallen off the Zelda train back on, which is another impressive feat all on its own. And it brought back exploration factor to the forefront, which was arguably the most requested aspect longtime fans had been clamoring for (IMO it had been gone since Link's Awakening, with the exception of Majora's Mask and A Link Between Worlds). What things were you thinking of?
Alright hang on a second. I'm not even a big fan of Beyonce but that live performance was absolutely fucking mindblowing.
LOL we are *explicitly* talking about treatment of existing, long-standing franchises. And when the Switch released, the Tegra X1 was the top of the line commercially available mobile chip. PS4 and XB1, when they first released, *were* actually on years-old hardware.
I can see where you're coming from...mostly. I do disagree on some stuff though. I wish that was a likely explanation for what happened with Pokemon, but it's not. Pokemon Sun and Moon released in 2016, actually about a month before the Switch got announced to the public. Ultra Sun and Moon actually released some time after the Switch's release. Gen 7 was in development well before the Switch was being incorporated into development internally. I actually wouldn't call BotW a step back in storytelling. It's way less heavy-handed but the themes underlying it were way stronger IMO than Skyward Sword's, and Zelda in BotW is probably the best written character in the series now. &gt;but you know fans have been clamoring for a game with a similar tone and style to OOT/TP for a long time and Nintendo doesn’t seem too eager to bite I don't think I've actually ever heard this one. I'm not quite sure what that tone would imply, actually. Their tone is relatively...neutral for the Zelda franchise. Wind Waker's a bit lighter, Skyward Sword's significantly lighter, Majora's Mask way darker, Breath of the Wild somewhat darker, etc. It's definitely not something common I've heard. But interesting nonetheless.
Bayonetta 2 actually is $40. Or $50, forget which. But $60 gets you both Bayo 1 and 2.
I think that was the joke.
It's new. Comes out early next year. Get hype.
I want this so badly. There's a Switch game called Fast RMX, and it's actually really damn fun for what it is. It's an absolutely gorgeous game too. But one thing I really miss from F-Zero is the music--and Fast RMX's music is serviceable but whatever. Every time a new Smash game comes out I get reminded more and more how much we're sorely lacking new F-Zero music because the remixes are always top tier.
You may have misread--*each* of half the items would eat up that much dev time on their own. So more like a 9-14 years dev time on those total.
This post should be about Fujibayashi, the fucking director of the game lol. No one knows who Fujibayashi is and he's probably responsible for way more of the inner workings that made BotW special.
Aonuma as a producer is still very involved, but he hasn't been director of the series since Twilight Princess.
Yep. I haven't played the Oracle games but as far as Minish Cap -&gt; Skyward Sword -&gt; Breath of the Wild go, to me those are major leaps and bounds of improvement with each iteration.
I have basically the exact same ratings for the show. The movie I give an easy 10/10. You'll probably adore it.
I'm kinda middling about the show. I liked a lot of what it did, but also hated the tropiness of so much of the rest of it. I also thought certain pieces of the ending were fantastic and others were stupid. I can definitely see what makes it a masterpiece for some. For me at least it was kinda mixed. That being said, I'm a way bigger fan of Imaishi's other major work, Kill la Kill.
The opposite for me as well. It is the closest the series has felt to the spirit of the original NES Zelda since...well, the original NES Zelda (which still happens to be my fourth favorite Zelda out of the 9 I've finished). It's hands down my favorite Zelda out of the 9 I've finished as well.
Wind Waker's dungeons are not just more simple in puzzle design and structure than Breath of the Wild's--they're ridiculously slowly paced, are the only place in the game where there isn't great music, and are incredibly boring. They're one of the main reasons why I don't plan on replaying Wind Waker any time soon despite loving the story. I would never rank them above Breath of the Wild's because at least with Breath of the Wild's, when they're too easy, they're *exceptionally* well-paced and you can clear each in about 5 minutes. With Wind Waker's, even if you're *breezing through*, it takes like an hour. Screw that. &gt;and even the Shrines are insanely copy/paste, making the dungeons a copy/paste of a copy/paste. If you're *just* looking at colors and aesthetics, sure lol. But the puzzle design in each was quite different from the last, and the music was fantastic. &gt;The sole interesting thing about them was their primary mechanic (moving the beast on the fly), but that was basically just another way of shooting an eye-switch from every other Zelda. That's a BS comparison. With eye-switches, the only challenge is looking around. With the moving the beast on the fly, you have to: - Know which movement will give you access to which terminal - Know if you need a combination or a specific direction to access a terminal - Know where you have to be placed with each movement, as that is crucial in almost every situation - Know which other parts of the dungeon it will simultaneously give you and cut access to.
Nah people seem to be split on the English dub, and I'm seeing a lot of people say they actually prefer the new one.
Yeah we'll see. What makes me super stoked for BotW2 in general is the fact that it's hyping up people who adored the first game (such as myself--it not being perfect isn't enough to keep it from being my favorite game of all time now) and people who weren't as big a fan (because the trailer seems to highlight everything they were hoping a sequel would expand on).
To be fair, Karen Araragi at least has an entire arc and a half dedicated to her, and is involved in quite a few other arcs as well. Not to mention one half of one of the most iconic (for better or for worse lol) anime clips in the last several years. Wiz is just...there. EDIT: OH WAIT. Karen also has one of the best OPs in the whole show, which she also sings! (It was also an enormous money sink but is sooooo gorgeous.)
Mini-challenge: Probably gotta be Before my Body is Dry (AKA Don't Lose Your Way) from Kill la Kill. The absurdity and intentional overuse of that song, combined with the 11/10 hype it brings about, is just too good.
More backstory? Sure. More character? Definitely not. All three of them are gimmicks but at least Megumin and Aqua are purposeful gimmicks. Yun Yun is just a standard super timid big breasted anime girl whose only purpose is to play some games with Megumin. I also personally think all four of these are way overseeded.
Indeed. The least relevant Monogatari girl is Oikura or Yotsugi and even both of them are layered and interesting and super unique. IMO the worst Monogatari girl is Hachikuji and she *still* has more chops than a ridiculous number of the girls here.
The second half of the story is really damn good! The first half though...
Ironically, one of the biggest problems I have about the show is that it often very much becomes the isekai it originally parodies on a lot of fronts. I actually think one of the big reasons the sub loves the show is because it allows people to watch a show that is very much isekai in all the ways people rag on the premise, but excuse it with "nah it's just a parody." EDIT: If you're gonna downvote, at least refute me here. Generally when I bring up all the ways the show is very much still an isekai at heart, hardly any of the points get refuted. See my replies to the replies to this comment, for example. The main problem I find with people celebrating KonoSuba as a transcendant parody of isekai is that they often simultaneously do that and rag on shows nonstop like SAO or Kenja no Mago etc. for all the isekai tropiness they fall into. But KonoSuba doesn't necessarily dodge all that tropiness either, so it starts to bug me that people seem to want to have their isekai cake and eat it too.
- It's very much a harem-infused show, outside of the fact that there are a lot of female characters. Kazuma's interactions with Kris, Megumin, Darkness, and apparently now in the movie YunYun, etc. are very textbook harem-infused isekai. - Kazuma originally seemed to be fronted as the MC who expected to become OP but then actually sucks. For the early first season, I thought it was doing this well. By second season, however, he started becoming OP in the show's own way. Despite having low intelligence score, he's by far the smartest character in the show. Despite being weak as hell, he still outplays every character around him by large margins through devious means. He doesn't face repercussions for most of the pervy things he does and for some reason most characters seem complacent with it. He manages to be the mastermind *and* macguffin for both plans to beat the two major bosses in the show thus far. - And by that happening, the show also manages to be an even more powerful wish fulfillment fantasy than a lot of other isekai. Because it hits much more closely to the home of, "Be an otaku that is useless and have no strong traits out of luck but somehow still win at most things with ease." - Fanservice galore, in a way that's neither subversion like Monogatari or unapologetically absurd like Kill la Kill or FLCL. - High fixation on fantasy JRPG elements, rather than the arguably more interesting pure fantasy elements, for the sake of relatability to gamers. I will say though, I agree that the girls in the cast are a nice subversion of the idealistic waifu characters that are typical in isekai. I do wish though that Darkness's gimmick would be better realized because it's becoming the most drawn-out and tiring thing about the show. And I wish that Megumin would go back to doing more explosions because for a while she went over half of Second Season without using an explosion and instead just being the token loli character. And I wish Aqua would go back to being actually legit useless rather than being the most useful member of the party but berated as being useless.
Sure. And I'm fine with that kind of thing. The Book of Mormon does that for musical theater, The Lego Movie does that for a lot of animated films, 21/22 Jump Street do that for buddy cop movies, Kill la Kill does that for shounen adventure/battle shows (it's seinen but I like to classify that archetype of shows under that name), One Punch Man does that for superhero/battle shows, etc. I think what bugs me is that many though is that so many people who parade KonoSuba as such a strong parody and subversion, but then proceed to simultaneously rag and deride other super trope-y isekai and the isekai archetype in general. That just feels to me like a case of having one's isekai cake and eating it too. Affectionate parodies are designed for people who love and appreciate the genre but also aren't afraid to laugh at the silly/absurd aspects of it. But it feels like KonoSuba appeals to a lot of people who love an isekai but are afraid to admit they love an isekai.
See, I can respect that opinion completely! Isekai are not my thing, and I dislike a lot of the core elements of them, and so I disliked KonoSuba especially in the second season (actually overall liked the first season). But if you like the genre or at least some parts of it, I can totally see you enjoying KonoSuba! One thing to note though: &gt;Kill la Kill and Monogatari are deconstructions of fanservice (they're not, they're just really great fanservice shows) OK so this one is a bit more complicated for me. Monogatari IMO is at its best moments a deconstruction and at its worst a bit gratuitous. For majority of its show, the way different characters treat sexuality and are depicted sexually very much accents their character in very accurate ways, or at least the way Araragi sees them. And this flows very well into the themes of the show, because while it's eye candy a lot of the time, it actually serves the show well. Fanservice to me, by definition, is something that detracts from a show and is gratuitous and the show would be better off without. But Monogatari is a show where I think it would be worse off without it. ...mostly. Definitely some moments cross lines. But ironically, I don't think the toothbrush scene is one of those. Kill la Kill is a weird one for me--I think you're correct that it's just a really great fanservice show. I don't think it's a deconstruction nor a parody of fanservice. I think it's some weird meta-parody where it's parodies shows that try to justify their fanservice in shallow ways, by using the most absurdly stupid premise and having the most absurdly in-your-face fanservice. It's very unapologetic about what it is and I think there's something to respect in that. The reason why, by the end of the show, fanservice wasn't a detractor for me as it usually is, is twofold: 1) The fanservice is relatively egalitarian with both the male and female characters, which alleviates how fanservice usually objectifies just one gender. 2) Fanservice to me is usually some shallow way to justify a female character's presence even if that female character sucks and is underutilized. I hate Yoko's character in Gurren Lagann, for example, because she is originally set up as badass but then goes most of the show without being badass and is mostly just weird eye candy completely sidelined for Kamina and Simon. But in Kill la Kill, it's attached to genuinely fucking awesome female characters.
&gt;So when you're watching Kazuma make a fool out of stubbornly righteous hero Mitsurugi by ignoring his entire schtick, That moment I actually appreciated because it wasn't as much about elevating Kazuma as it was deriding Mitsurugi. And IMO Mitsurugi set himself up as deserving to be derided because he actually *was* the real-life otaku who somehow became self-righteous, super OP in this world. So Kazuma was like, "fuck you, why the hell are you getting special treatment?!"
&gt;you’ll soon be able to play Skyrim on the switch I think you're a couple years too late.
See, I agree that there are explanations, but when it's not balanced properly by him getting his...idk, karma, it makes these kinds of victories pile up and make me get sick of Kazuma and be convinced that he's just an wish fulfillment MC protagonist who will never lose a major fight. And it's fine if this is what one is looking for because it is a hallmark of a lot of isekai, but it's not what I'm looking for.
It's a bit hard to ask of someone to keep watching a show which they very much disliked (second season, at least), you know :(. Regarding the Winter Shogun, I forget if that was his own fault or his party's screwups. I forget what I thought about that scene. I think I liked it, but overall still felt certain ways about the show so the one scene didn't change much for me?
Maybe I'll keep watching. Depends on what other anime I'm occupied with when it comes out. In general I don't watch too much anime a year, so it's not easy for me to pick up another show I'm not too interested in. But yeah, I can see KonoSuba's appeal to many but for me, I gave S1 a 7/10 and S2 a 5/10 on MAL. For me I really liked a lot of S1, and then second half started getting frustrating because I felt like the show had a lot of unrealized potential it wasn't tapping into, then I was actively getting frustrated with S2, thinking, "Damn, this show is actively dumping all the things I liked about it early on." I also try to overall steer clear of shows that are very obviously pandering towards male demographics, so when I see ratings splits for certain shows it gets me kinda aggravated. Because anime is something that I'd like to be able to recommend to any friend without a stigma attached to it, and without female friends getting warded off by stupid male wish fulfillment tropes. KonoSuba is one such show with that split. Hell, one reason why I started Kill la Kill after thinking I'd hate it for years was seeing that there was almost no ratings split when I thought there'd be one, so it made me curious. But like I said, that's just me. If you still love it, more power to you.
They look better than they did before but the animations still looked extremely canned and the 2.5D doesn't feel realized well to me. The visual direction of the game feels too messy. It's not *bad* like it was in its first demos shown off, but it's still nothing great.
Like I said, the game is generally pretty praised right now and I don't think the visuals ruin the game by any means. I do, however, think they could've been way better than they are and they also aren't that high fidelity, especially compared to some other absolutely gorgeous Switch indies.
Well it's a good thing he's starting with the best.
&gt;The visuals look vastly superior than first party titles such Fire Emblem Three Houses Not an apt comparison at all. - Can't compare RPGs to action games because so much more is happening under the hood. The only exception I've ever seen to this rule was the Witcher 2 and 3. - Environment design-wise? For sure, Bloodstained looks way better. But character design, animation, and the density of things happening at any one time is *way* bigger in Three Houses.
So your comment is a bit hard to read, and it looks like you're implying he's starting with the worst game in the franchise and that he shouldn't lol. Maybe I'm misinterpreting though.
&gt;That's not the way it turned out inn melee or pm Depends vastly on the character in PM. Snake dittos *are* a turtle fest. Lucario dittos can go ages of people jumping around each other not approaching before someone finally gets hit. Everything being so safe in PM *has* caused a lot of matchups to be super campy. EDIT: Look I know PM is super beloved and all but even in PM there are quite a few campfest characters prominent in the meta. Remember that Melee is the most aggressive Smash game and even it is fundamentally a more defensive than aggressive game.
I think you're actually on my side here, because you're proving my point: there's a distinction between dismemberment of beasts/droids and human dismemberment/decapitation. And the fact that Fallen Order has the former means that the person I'm replying to was actually overreacting on a few of those.
I hated how everything besides For Glory 1v1 was Timed. I hated how there was no real skill based matchmaking, or at least it wasn't transparent. I hated only having FD.
Peragus is MUCH worse. Taris, while confusing on first playthrough, IMO is really good on replay, because that first objective where you have to kinda wander to find what you're looking for is way more clear cut once you know here it is. And there is still some really good worldbuilding, some great optional side content, and a surprising amount of choice available. And this is on the first planet alone.
&gt;like the long drout Mario Kart is going through now... - 5 years is not that long a drought relative to Mario Kart games. - Despite that line of thinking, mods haven't sprung up massively for Mario Kart, have they lol? - Actually, mods for Mario Kart are still most popular on the Wii one. Because, as mentioned, it's actually easy to mod on there without hacking the Wii - Once again, Smash 4 mods didn't suddenly start taking off after the last patch. - Once again, right now, modding the game requires hacking the Switch, and very few people really want to do that compared to the Wii which you didn't even need to hack.
But we have all those things *without* For Glory now. So making conjecture of, "They should have brought back For Glory! ...and changed and fixed almost everything that For Glory was!" doesn't really help anyone.
It's aged so phenomenally too.
Mario Maker is definitely a very legit system seller.
Nah Chrom is Roy's echo.
Not at all. His entire moveset except his UpB (which is closer to Ike's) is designed to be exactly Roy's except without the higher damage at the base of the sword. No other move is closer to Ike. Especially looking at the A attacks, Side B, and Neutral B. Look it up. It's official on the Smash website and in the game.
Not to mention how goddamn often the top posts in the sub are, "Can we please get folders?", or "Hey I made a UI redesign because I think the UI design is shit".
Tbh so much of that score list is pretty damn surreal.
So to my credit, I did say, "for what seems like", but I admit adding some hyperbole for some effect. To clarify, this is how the review breaks down (total 16 minutes): - 1 minute talking about the first Mario Maker - 1 minute introducing Mario Maker 2 review - Less than 2 minutes on new features, additions, themes, and music - About 40 seconds on Mario 3D World additions - Over a minute on Mario 3D World's feature disparity with the other themes, even though for the most part it's super clear why - Some more nitpicks on only having one goal at a time (even though having more than one possible goal is a straight upgrade), or not having more than one angry sun (even though I'm not even sure how that'd work) - A few minutes talking about the UI. And being the only one to complain I've seen about the docked mode controls for making, even when other reviewers have noted that it may arguably be faster. What's strange about this is that almost everything in the UI is a straight upgrade yet there's an obscene amount of time nitpicking at either the tiny downgrades or that the straight upgrades weren't taken even further. - Talking about the multiplayer. A lot of valid complaints but also somewhat questionable in focus since the upgrades and new additions are still straight upgrades on the original. - Then about a minute talking about the missing easter eggs that were in the original. - Then some wrap up So I exaggerated. What I meant to say was, the 16 minute review has a **ridiculous** amount of nitpicking as its focus. Often barraging the small little omissions or areas that it could've been better even when the original wasn't either, for vast majority of the 16-minute review. When there's even way more to talk about how these new additions change things up as is--which was given very little focus in comparison. That's why people are barraging the review for nitpicking.
It actually ended up hurting in the long term because players who got the game later couldn't get that many stars to increase their upload limit.
The story mode has been *really* impressing me. The levels have been insanely creative, and while a lot of the gimmicky nature of so many of the story levels would kinda be discordant and incoherent together in a single normal Mario game, it really fits the creator vibe and odd jobs setting they go for in this game.
I'm actually watching the show for the first time now and am 7-8 episodes through Season 2. Will happily chime in on some of the threads though!
I finished the show recently and while I'm not *as* in love with the show as others (still loved it though), I don't know if I will ever see a better set of anime parents than Akio and Sanae. Akio especially is best anime dad and it's not even close. His role in the Clannad finale (not After Story) absolutely cements that.
Also, he's completely wrong that Koe no Katachi is 100% sad throughout. Some of my most memorable moments in that film are easily the ones with more levity and relief. And oftentimes, there will be a quick gag or comedic moment that offers even more relief yet remains completely consistent with the drama.
Most things by Kyoto Animation, honestly. Top picks for "cozy" IMO are: - Nichijou (not really relaxing as it is super wholesome while being gut-punching funny) - Hyouka - Hibike! Euphonium - K-On!
Did they? I recently found like 5 lists of theirs with similar titles (make you die inside, make you cry, saddest anime, mature anime series, etc.), and Clannad is highly ranked on all of those. Sometimes even number 1.
If I may ask, what do you think of Kill la Kill? It's funny, because despite its absurd about of fanservice, it's got my favorite female characters in any shounen-like anime out there (yes, it's technically seinen, but its story and character arc are shounen adventure to the T). They legit have great character development, backstories, little romantic attachments, and a variety of different shades of femininity. In a lot of ways, once you get past the fanservice, the whole thing feels like a gender-swapped shounen to me.
Your Name might be a bit dangerous as a first movie. It opens with the main girl groping herself, and later on even has one or two gratuitous panty shots for no reason (during very serious scenes too). Now, this is all quite minor IMO compared to the strengths of the rest of the movie, but that opening is *extremely* prone to confirmation bias on the part of OP's girlfriend.
Nah it does have at least one. [Slight Spoiler](/s "One point later in the film Mitsuha is riding her bike in a mad rush, I believe trying to get up the mountain. At one point while riding, the camera switches angles to a shot from below the bike, and as that happens, there's a panty shot.") Someone I was watching with got visibly frustrated at that point, and said out loud as we were watching, "Really? Why the hell does anime feel the need to distract from a serious scene with that? What's the point?" It's minor, but it is definitely there, and for someone who needs confirmation bias, it can definitely trigger something.
Don't get me wrong, it's super rare, but it is definitely something I (and someone else) noticed.
Nah I watched it in both sub and dub. It's there. It should be noted, the actual panty shot itself is super brief. The perspective shot with the skirt fluttering is not, and while the actual panty shot is a blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment, it's a suggestive angle the whole way through during a serious moment.
While it's not the typical Zelda experience, IMO it is the best Zelda game to ever come out. Obviously it's subjective, but for me it's in the context of 8 other Zeldas I've beaten. It's also my brother's second favorite next to Majora's Mask, and he's beaten every one.
Yeah I still haven't finished MM but got about halfway through and was really impressed by what I had played. It wasn't going to beat BotW for me, but it was damn good and was gonna end up at least in my top half of Zeldas. I'll get back to it eventually. Wind Waker, on the other hand, doesn't hold a candle to BotW for me. Yes, its story, writing, characters, music, and setting are phenomenal. But BotW's music, setting and narrative are also phenomenal, and BotW Zelda is the best written character in the series. But while WW shines in the presentation department, I can't stand its gameplay. Pace is ridiculously slow, combat scenarios are often super simple and bland, puzzles are super easy, the dungeons IMO are even worse than BotW's, and the world's open-looking world and even many of its story beats bely the fact that it's incredibly restrictive in so many ways where it doesn't need to be. Also, the game has a knack for giving you zero information sometimes on where to find certain objectives, so you literally have to scour everything until you find a fish who then tells you explicitly everything you need to do, thus ruining the surprise. Its a far cry from the way BotW's mysteries and objectives unravel, where player agency is encouraged and rewarded to the fullest extent.
I mean, bear in mind to each their own. This is my own take on it, and I still recognize why the game remains an all time favorite for many. I like exploration when there's a sense of...direction and "ooh, what's that?" to it. I can see why you liked that it was encouraged in this particular spot, but I wish there was more direction to it. The problem is that the game actively disincentivizes it for the rest of the game prior by making so many of the islands gated in progression until you have later tools. It's also not something like A Link to the Past, where they require the same thing but the world is much smaller so searching is much easier. I will definitely agree the combat mechanics were a major step up. I do wish that more combat scenarios took advantage of how much deeper they were than previous entries. Also, I wish that fighting more than one darknut at once wasn't so monotonous because of the need to simply non-stop roll until you find small openings.
I actually found that scene hilarious because it felt like the MCU's way of patting itself on the back, but it felt shallow because only one of them (Captain Marvel, two if you count Gammora) were actually main characters in their movies. It made me uncomfortable for the opposite reason: it reminded me how frequently women in superhero movies are relegated to side cast.
Not really. Breath of the Wild has maintained its status almost 3 years after release. Usually Zelda games lose their status like that in less than 2.
As someone who's not too hot on TTGL, I freaking love Kill la Kill. My only issue with it is that its absurd about of sometimes overly gratuitous fanservice can be a barrier for entry *at first*. But other than that, the show is a seinen, gender-swapped shounen adventure with all of the tropes of a shounen turned up to an 11. And as someone who usually doesn't dig those tropes, I really love how Kill la Kill handles them. Some things I really love about Kill la Kill: - The female characters in the show are legit some of the best in anime. They're not tied to just being romantic interests, they've got a wide variety of interesting personalities, layers of depth, growth arcs, a ridiculous amount of agency in the plot, and so many moments to just keep shining both at their highs and lows. Female characters in so many anime shows feel like they use gimmicky personalities and fanservice as a crutch to mask the fact that their actual character arcs and agency suck. But Kill la Kill gives its female characters so much that I don't mind the fanservice by the end. Because the fanservice isn't used as a justification or a weak disguise, it doesn't feel distracting to me. - **Side characters don't get shafted!!!!** I hated this so much about TTGL--main side characters would get introduced left and right and then suddenly out of nowhere they'd have nothing to do anymore or fall short of their potential and then never be touched again. Happened to Yoko, Rossiu, the four generals, etc. But in Kill la Kill, characters stay relevant and stay interesting! The Elite Four kick so much ass *and* stay relevant! Mako stays relevant and goes above and beyond her comic relief! Satsuki is treated as an equal to Ryuuko even after she's no longer the villain! Nui keeps coming back! When so many shows in the shounen adventure format like to introduce and dump characters at the flip of a dime, it's great to see Kill la Kill really utilize its assets all the way through. - Ryuuko fails a lot even early on. It doesn't take half the freaking show for the heroes to start struggling. As early as the third episode Ryuuko is shown that even at her most powerful, she still pales in comparison to Satsuki. As early as the fifth episode, she faces Nudist Beach's finest and gets her ass kicked. Then she beats an Elite Four member, but then loses handily in the rematch! This gives a sense of tension and growth throughout the whole show, and that's very much appreciated. - The show's musical design has the subtlety of a 12-wheeler, but it revels in it to the point where it matches the tone of the show and comes full circle as absolutely kickass. This was actually a minor issue I have with Your Name and a major one I have with Weathering With You--great soundtracks, lack of subtlety and restraint in how they use them. Kill la Kill kinda shows that you can have that lack of subtlety but make it so self-aware that it becomes comical and hype and awesome and dramatic in all the right ways. Hell yeah to this show. I give it a strong, *very* strong [score](/s "9/10").
To me it's not the fact that there was "change". I was on board with most of the ideas the film brought to the table--the problem is all of them (except for Kylo Ren, who was handled phenomenally and carried the film hard) tripped and fell over in the execution. Also, there's a *lot* of incredibly shoddy dialogue that makes me really question if there was anything past the first draft of the script.
I'll be the first one to admit I disliked most of what he did with The Last Jedi, but Knives Out was phenomenal and was a major comeback for Rian to me. In fact, so much of what I liked about Knives Out was how felt like Rian learned specifically with all the ways TLJ fell short.
Yeah Breath of the Wild has maintained its status and it's kinda gratifying to see all the detractors who said, "Just you wait--very soon people will come around and say it's overrated and forget about it." Years later, we're still talking about it, it's still topping Best of the Decade lists (hell, Red Dead Redemption 2 has fallen off of its critical acclaim far faster), and it's still considered an absolutely amazing game and experience.
While it's true that he was pretty good before TLJ, he was also pretty inconsistent. Looper is a great example of that--great premise and great execution most of the time, but with some really rough edges too. Knives Out, to me, was incredibly polished on top of being a fantastic premise and delivery. And that deserves major praise and "leveling up". While there are certain aspects that you could argue don't work for his filmmaking style, remember that one of his first claims to fame was directing a middle episode of a major TV show (Breaking Bad). Also, there are definitely some major issues with TLJ outside of being handed the keys to an already started trilogy. For example, I actually like a lot of the biggest ideas TLJ brought to the table--it's the execution that wrecked them. You also have some weird stuff like super inconsistent dialogue writing, and humor that created some major tonal inconsistency. And all three of those TLJ missteps are nowhere to be found in Knives Out. The humor in Knives Out matches its tone perfectly. The dialogue is consistently fantastic and witty. And I couldn't really ask for better execution of almost every single aspect of its premise.
The problem here is not in the concept, but in the fact that we don't actually even see any of that happen. What was the darkness he saw in Kylo? What made Luke so afraid? Luke's dialogue here is so vague while there is zero visual indicator to line up with that. So as an audience, we just hear Luke say, "I saw darkness in him" and a sleeping Ben. A fallen Luke storyline would've been great in concept, but it all kinda falls apart when we have zero concrete tell of what set Luke off so hard.
I agree with all of that. In general, I should note that I think the ST will be looked at more positively in the long run than the prequels. At the very least Kylo Ren will be--the best new Star Wars character in over 40 years IMO. But it'll also be looked at with a lot of regrets--there were so many good ideas in all three movies that could've benefited from better planning, more time, and a single overarching vision that's actually kept to (JJ's outlines could've worked, if they weren't allowed to be altogether dumped like they were).
Your mention of those previous works only doubles down on my note of him being super inconsistent. - Brick had pretty positive reception, but nothing exceptional. - Looper was considered mostly great, and incredibly shoddy and inconsistent at some of its most crucial parts. - Brothers Bloom has very middling reception - Fly is one of the most polarizing episodes of the show. Some absolutely adore it, some absolutely hate it - I don't really hear many people talk about Fifty One. Most talk about Ozymandias and Fly. Actor direction is only one part of directing. Sure, he did that incredibly. Visual subtext was...mostly strong. There are some scenes and moments with some *beautiful* subtext, but also quite a few scenes where they kinda hit you over the head with it. There were also plenty of points where the writing was pretty good but the visual direction alongside it didn't give any legitimate credence to the writing (best example: Luke's statement of "I saw darkness in him" having no credence in what we actually saw. There is no visual or auditory depiction of Ben's growing darkness before being Kylo Ren). Rian's been an inconsistent director for a while. Knives Out is easily the most polished his directing has been ever.
&gt;Except for the part where it does happen, and he does turn to the dark side. *After* he ignites the saber, and *after* he says he saw darkness in him. We are given nothing as to why he was turning dark before he saw Luke possibly attempting to kill him. &gt;What, would you have been happy with random flashes of violence and screaming, maybe with a vision of Leia dead? No, because those suggestions you gave still don't get to the root: where was the darkness he was seeing? The influence Snoke was gaining on him? Luke had experience with Force visions in the past, and knew both from experience and from Yoda that the future is always in motion and that he already made a mistake in the past acting purely on them as an impulse. They can *contribute* to his fear, but should no longer be the entire basis of said fear. Legit options: maybe questioning Luke's teachings about why the Force can't be used for more justice-filled reasons that border on oppression, maybe bullying or assaulting another student at the academy, maybe experimenting with darker and more aggressive uses of the Force during teachings. Or maybe tie into how in TFA Kylo displayed some contempt for Han as a father ("he's like the father you never had...he would've disappointed you"), so maybe Ben showing some anger at something Han did while they were still together? You know...tying in the plot threads that TFA heavily implied that could've led to a really cool look into Han as a parent, and what contributed to his major regret later in life? There are *many* options here, and all could've been better than what we got, which was nothing. Instead we don't get any glimpse of Luke's academy, no glimpse of Ben's descent prior to the catalyst that drove him over the edge, no further understanding why Kylo grew some hate over his father. And I don't need it to be spelled out explicitly, but give us *something*.
1. Breath of the Wild 2. Link's Awakening 3. A Link Between Worlds I love the 2D Zeldas' approach to exploration factor and adventure. Breath of the Wild felt like it combined the 2D Zelda sensibility to exploration factor with the 3D games' quality of life + depth of combat + production values.
I recently finished Hibike! Euphonium, and it was one of the most inspiring and motivational shows I've ever watched. The show follows a relatively apathetic main character as she surrounds herself with friends and a teacher that inspire her to push to be special, to keep improving at what she does, to reignite fire into her passions. It's a beautiful show that culminates into moments of great accomplishment, characters finding their voices, and overcoming major emotional blocks that hold them back. And a day before even finishing the show, it convinced me to want to learn a wind instrument. I picked up clarinet and have since been playing every day and taking lessons.
Yeah I'm excited to keep working with the clarinet! I'm actually a vocalist primarily and sing semi-professionally and competitively, so it should be cool to get into the new instrument more.
Is it bad that someone likes a game that you don't? BioShock Infinite had a good amount of issues but it was also absolutely stellar in many regards as well.
They made a third season?! /s
It was explicitly spelled out in TROS that you can't heal from nothing. It uses someone else's life force. If this was old EU healing then you'd be right. But it's not.
Wait, hang on. Dark Empire is constantly regarded as shit and one of the worst parts of the EU. **Definitely** not better than the OT.
Dark Empire is constantly regarded as one of the worst parts of the EU. I'm so confused why people are now pretending it wasn't shit. If you're gonna bring up solid post-OT EU content, bring up the Thrawn Trilogy instead.
My guess: initially you weaken your ability to tap into the Force. Much more, and you weaken your constitution and your ability to even stand up straight. Heal enough and it sounds like you'd legit heal your physical injury but then just die because your life force is completely gone. &gt;!That last step is what happened to Kylo, after all.!&lt;
And I like it way better that way too, because in Legends it could create something out of nothing and was OP as hell. In TROS, there's actual sacrifice to using it.
You mean in TLJ? Yep they shafted him hard. TLJ also shafted Poe, and Maz, and Snoke, and in large parts Rey (I still maintain on rewatch of TFA that Rey was hinted at having mysteriously unreal power in the Force and that it was going to be explored and become way more crucial to her development as a character). That's why I'm way more forgiving of TROS, because watching it made it clear to me that JJ had ideas for the future development of all of the above (well, maybe not Maz--still hard to tell what the hell they were doing with them), but TLJ just completely derailed them.
I do actually think it tried, but just barely. Introducing the fellow defected trooper and hinting at Force Sensitivity was meant to give something Finn to relate to/purpose in the greater trilogy. It came way too late though.
&gt;Not from force healing though. Probably a combination of her healing, a lot of being drained out of her, and finally using some so support her reflection of Palpatine's lightning with the sabers. &gt;And if she were weaker she shouldn't have been able to withstand palpatine space fleet destroying lightening The sabers helped with that. Lightsabers can withstand and absorb it, with the help of a Jedi. Palpatine's was so strong that even at full blast Rey couldn't withstand with just one.
&gt;palpatine in revenge of the sith was not using fleet killing force lightning against mace windu Eh, we never know. In ROTS we never see him use lightning *not* against a head of the Jedi Council (Mace, Yoda). And when Mace got it unleashed on him, Palpatine was probably focusing it especially (you wouldn't want to make a scene in front of all of Coruscant). Force powers take on very arbitrarily different scales depending on the film. I mean hell, Vader is known to be a greater Force user than almost any pre-OT Jedi and yet the stunts and acrobatics and Force powers used by those pre-OT Jedi would put him to shame. Just as one example. If we reach the point of digging into the weeds of scale of Palpatine's lightning and the strength of a saber to withstand it plus the Force user behind it that are both in similar scales already, I don't really know if that deserves scrutinizing.
&gt;would have made quite the difference Yes but Palpatine was at the height of his power in those final moments. Having taken energy from both Ben and Rey, he was fully fired up, and rather than targetting a single person, he was letting loose of the idea of focus and letting it spread far and wide. &gt;Yeah because Luke doesn't have their experience or training. It's consistent. True. But Vader does, but Luke is an even match for him by ROTJ. &gt;Even then those Jedi were still being killed by an overwhelming Droid army where they needed to be saved by the clones. But not before deflecting a few dozen per Jedi often. I mean, hell, look at Obi Wan in TPM alone--as a padawan, able to take on several battle droids at once. &gt;The planet killers kill planets ala death star. Glassing a planet is just bombardment of a planets surface. Ah gotcha, misunderstood. The firepower used to glass a planet has weaker targetting systems and oftentimes it's more about dogding and evading those shots than it is about withstanding them. Chances are, those Stardestroyers were hardly using their heaviest firepower because they'd be way harder to aim. That's one of the big reasons the Death Star II was more powerful than the first one. Not because its super laser was stronger, but because it could target smaller prey (like a capitol ship). And why after the second cruiser destroyed, Lando ordered the fleet to engage the Stardestroyers so the Death Star could stop targeting them at risk of friendly fire. So it's highly possible the glassing weaponry was not used in the fleet battle to the same extent.
Agreed. Which only feeds more into his overconfidence as a defining trait--so sure of his victory that he even took his time in the matter. It's like the villain being caught monologuing. In other words, the only time he stopped was not out of fear or caution, but because he was basically running perceived victory laps.
I'll be the first to call out Academy bias for anime films, but Shinkai was definitely not robbed this year.
While I love Violet Evergarden and consider it a near-masterpiece if not masterpiece, there are too many other ridiculously good KyoAni works to call it their magnum opus for me. You've got two of the best anime films ever made in A Silent Voice and The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya. You've got the absolute top tier CGDCT show in K-On!, the ultimate slice of life show in Hyouka, the breathtaking love letter to musicianship and the art of becoming a better musician in Hibike, the best father-daughter story in Clannad After Story, arguably the best anime comedy series in Nichijou (IMO it's hands down either that or Gintama)...I could go on. Point is, there is so much competition that it's hard to declare a magnum opus. Though if I were to personally pick one, it'd be A Silent Voice.
Totally deserves it. Your Name is fantastic, but IMO it absolutely pales in comparison to Spirited Away. They're in two different leagues. EDIT: Since I'm getting downvoted, I'm going to elaborate on my point a bit. Your Name is awesome. Its characters, while not that unique or standout, have great chemistry and their progression through the movie is awesome. The pacing is super tight. The plot is structured out beautifully. The animation is fluid and colorful and breathtaking at times. The music is full of bangers. BUT thematically it's pretty shallow and straightforward. Its art style and character design is super vanilla and not standout at all. Its soundtrack often throws away all subtlety and interferes with emotional resonance of the moments themselves because they spell it out a bit too clearly. The side cast is pretty unremarkable. Spirited Away is a completely different beast. Its character design and art style are not only distinctive amongst other anime works but even pretty distinct for a Miyazaki work. Its worldbuilding is phenomenal. The score is a driver of emotion while also letting many moments have the silence speak for itself and never really plodding on the weight of the scenes themselves. Chihiro's development as a character in her coming-of-age story is iconic. Side cast is way more fleshed out, with No Face by far being the standout. But the thing that really sets Spirited Away apart is its thematic depth. Everything's a metaphor for something bigger, symbolism is layered throughout its visuals and plot and characters, its portrayal of its metaphorical industrialist world isn't strictly negative but actually has moments of positivity among its critique. The entirety of No Face's character and what it's supposed to represent got me to break down in tears one time just thinking about it. Its plot and pacing may not be as tight as Your Name's, but I'd argue the importance of those is extremely minor compared to everything I mentioned above. Your Name is a fantastic story, but Spirited Away transcends its core story and says something bigger about the world in which we live.
Oh hell yes. TFA may be safe and have very little worldbuilding, but at least it's got strong pacing, fantastic cinematography, great new characters, good acting, great character writing and dialogue, humor that actually lands, and saber choreography that's not just flashy with no substance. TLJ has some atrocious aspects, but it definitely did Kylo Ren justice and continued his journey of being one of the best Star Wars characters of all time. TRoS may be a hot mess, but it's also got a lot of gratifying and cathartic moments and does cap off a lot of stuff for the saga nicely. And it continues the path of having some great action sequences, great saber choreography, and great acting. It's also just very entertaining. I've got problems with every one of the sequel films, but not nearly the amount of problems I have with the PT. The Phantom Menace is downright unwatchable for half its length. Its boring, crazy convoluted, so much of the dialogue is fluff without saying or adding anything, the acting is terrible, the cinematography and editing are hilariously off, and while the CGI was major for its time there is an overreliance on it that makes it age horribly (which it has). And Jar Jar exists. And we can't talk about the ST messing with lore or wrecking OT things without mentioning midichlorians, Anakin's depiction really messing with Vader's in the OT, or starting the trend of every OT character somehow linked to every other one. I could go into detail about AOTC regarding how its uncanny valley visuals looked off even at the time, how it also messed with great OT characters like Yoda, how it doubled down on that trend of making the universe of characters smaller (now that one-off Boba Fett is linked to the clone army and thus the Stormtroopers), how Count Dooku's first scene is actually really good and then they proceed to make him not interesting at all for the rest of the film, how Palpatine's signature ability of lightning was kinda democratized there, but the best argument I can give is that despite all of TPM's issues being so apparent, many actually consider AOTC worse. Almost all of its saber fights are kinda meh as well. ROTS is easily the best of the PT and is actually quite good in a lot of ways. But it's also got its own host of problems. Some of its most hyped saber fights sucked. Grievous, the deadly and dangerous character from Clone Wars, is reduced to an imbecile. Anakin's turn is WAY too drastic way too quickly. Easily rationalizing killing rooms of kids for his wife that quickly is *insane*. The dialogue is still very inconsistent. Even more unnecessary OT character connections are made. The first half of Anakin's and Obi Wan's fight is awesome and the second is...weird. The cinematography is way improved but still has its inconsistency and a lot of bland moments.
&gt; You want see vehicles and mechanical things in 2d today that much let alone falling apart realisticaly and retaining shapes. This one actually catches my eye so much. I was watching Weathering With You and was shocked by how what should've been the biggest budget anime film of the year still needed really fake looking CGI cars and mechanics, or how a few times there was a sudden shift to bad CGI rotating camera shots. It definitely caught me offguard because animation was the *last* thing I expected to criticize in a Shinkai film.
&gt; Moreover, I just couldn't see either Hodoka or Hina as fully realized characters. Not once in the film do they actually explain or even show why Hodoka is so absolutely hell bent on not going home. There is no explanation, no scars to show of his former life, nothing to make his dread of returning back home that believable. And when that's the motivation of almost every one of his actions in the film, it makes the character fall apart for me.
Yay I've been waiting for this thread so I can finally talk about this movie! Yeah I didn't dig it. I loved Your Name but this film was everything that film did, but worse. This comes down to a few things: - The plot. It was point-for-point the exact same as Your Name's, which made the entire thing incredibly predictable. With Your Name, one of its best parts was how the plot twist took the film in a completely different direction and elevated the stakes to another level. With Weathering With You, when you can see all of that coming, it lightens all of those moments. Now, on one hand, this doesn't always have to be a dealbreaker! I love The Force Awakens despite it being beat-for-beat ANH. But there are two things that separate that comparison to WWY for me: 1. Weathering With You also foreshadows its own plot twist heavily on several occasions. So there is no actual surprise or stomach drop moment when it comes. It's expected, but because it's Your Name, you know it's gonna get resolved. And 2. The Force Awakens was carried hard by its new character cast, having completely different dynamics with each other and bringing some new life into a trilogy (that unfortunately fell apart in its later entries). Which brings me to my next point: - The characters. The motivations for Hodoka and Hina are incredibly contrived. Hodoka is so desperate not to go back home. Why is he? Who knows, we *never* find out or even have anything implied. We know nothing of his family, past friends, past hometown...anything. Nothing about how his life actually went there. And that desperateness not to go back is the entire crux of his motivations, so all of that just feels flimsy and contrived as a result. Hina is just kinda...there? Both characters are likeable, but there's no real depth, and they don't really develop or grow. They're just kinda vanilla. And that means that the predictable plot can't really be carried by them either. That's all not even including the mostly meh side cast. - The contrived B plot. Almost every plot point in the B plot (the cops on their tails) is driven by coincidence after coincidence. He finds the gun purely out of luck. He gets run into later purely out of luck. The gun drops out purely out of luck. He escapes a police compound that's contender for worst security at a police station in history. The little kid somehow comes out of nowhere, with no information on where to find the group, and tackles a guy 5 times his size to save the day. He finds the gun in the same building a few inches from him *again* out of luck. And all of this wouldn't be nearly as bad if it didn't become the main crux of the A plot in the latter half of the film. - The ending. Look, I've heard the interviews about Shinkai talking about how it's not an optimistic film and how it's an allegory for global warming and how it's a balanced take on it and how are focus should be making with the time we have rather than trying to save the world. ...but that's pure BS. The film explicitly frames Hodoka's choice as triumphant and a good thing. That's literally the point of the extremely hype music at the end with super romantic cinematography. Besides, Hodoka literally says at the end (paraphrased), "No, this isn't about inevitability of environment collapse. It's about me and her, and we made this decision for me and her!" Which explicitly means, "Nah it wasn't that we shouldn't be put on the spot like that--actually, just screw the world." Lastly, I didn't think I'd be nitpicking visuals in a Shinkai film of all things, but I'm gonna do it: why is it that the anime film that should've had the highest budget of the year had so many funky CGI moments and objects and such? Why the cutting corners when the rest of the film looks so beautiful? Also, in Your Name while I loved RADWIMPS's music, I felt like its use in the film lacked subtlety or more careful delivery. In Weathering With You, that problem went from a minor nitpick to something super noticeable. I'm a 9/10 on Your Name, but a 6/10 on Weathering With You. I had a *lot* of major problems with the film, and the thing holding it up to a 6/10 is that I still respect that the visuals were mostly gorgeous and that the pacing was super tight and it was still entertaining. EDIT: One more thing. There was a popularity poll in Japan that went up a bit of time ago that showed that Japan's favorite movie of the year by popular vote had Weathering With You in *fourth* place behind Promare, one of the F/SN Heaven's Feel films, and the Violet Evergarden side story. For Weathering With You to lose that popular vote despite grossing *way more* than those other three IMO says a lot. (EDIT on top of my EDIT: I'm gonna retract this point because as /u/mearineko pointed out, the results of that poll can often not reflect popularity nor quality, at least to the extent I was making it out to be)
Your explanation would be valid if he was a bit more reasoned with it. The problem is, it wasn't just being scared or resistant to go back home--at several points in the film he would scream and shout and run away to such an extent that it seemed like he was treating it as a fate worse than death. That kind of action *needs* an explanation more than "being stifled". **EDIT**: It turns out, according to the accompanying book Shinkai arranged for, [spoiler](/s "He left because he got in a fight with his dad right before leaving.") That's actually even worse than I thought for a reason. Especially considering it doesn't even materialize to anything at the end of the film when he *is* sent back. &gt;Also, motivation of all of his actions? He literally spends the majority motivated by his love for Hina, which we see develop fairly believably. Only around the middle half. In the beginning, most times the agents asked where he's from or tried to take him in, that was what he explicitly said what his motivation was. When he was arrested later, the big thing that triggered him hard wasn't not seeing Hina, it was when the agent said he was going to take him home. There are a lot of moments like this that *need* explanation. Especially since his love for Hina is also majorly influenced by the fact that he sees her as an escape from his past that he dreads.
Yeah that part was super weird. For all he seemed to dread it like it was worse than death, he kinda came out of graduation at the end just fine. And just a year or two later with no baggage.
The problem with this is that the film may portray it through his perspective, but it doesn't frame it that way at all. And it doesn't frame it like it's him being delusional. It frames it like it's a super romantic story that has the freedom to ignore their apocalyptic surroundings with no baggage. And I believe that this is just tone deafness on the film's part because I *have* seen anime works that are from characters' perspectives but explicitly paint their perspectives as delusional or warped. Monogatari Series is great at this. Haruhi Suzumiya series too. Mob Psycho 100 is masterful at character perspective framing. FLCL too. This wasn't like that though. This film felt like it was saying, this is Hodoka's perspective and his perspective is the right one.
Yeah I really forgot about that until you mentioned it again (I saw the film a few weeks ago at Anime NYC), but you're completely right. There's this whole feeling like him being sent back would be worse than death, and then he get sent back and it's just...all good? He's not even kept there after graduation--he's just allowed to do what he was doing before. There ends up being zero consequence to the one thing firing up most of his motivation.
I gave it a 6, and Your Name a 9. IMO this film did everything Your Name did, but much worse and nothing new.
Honestly? I think the ending was stupid, its message was really unclear, and I think people are working extra hard to rationalize it because it's Shinkai.
And yet when he ended up back home at the end nothing came of it. He graduated and it was just kinda...fine?
If he's supposed to look unreasonable, then the film does a terrible job of capturing that. The music, presentation, and entire layout of the plot frames it less as an adolescent delusion and more of a hopeful romance story. Except that hopeful romance story is founded on delusion and dooms millions of lives. But it never frames it as that. And once again, you need to actually resolve or elucidate on the plot thread of what makes him a rebel if his rebelliousness is *that* high that he dreads going back home that much.
&gt;Not every film needs a big shocker though. But they do need to keep you engaged. And if the film simultaneously doesn't have any twists *and* follows the exact same format as a film that almost everyone who's seen this one has also seen, then that makes the story come off as safe. And when the characters aren't brand new or super intriguing in their own right to carry it, then you're just left with a vanilla film with vanilla story with nothing carrying it through. &gt;Hodaka is one of the last to find out Hina's fate, and he's the only one willing sacrifice everything to save her. And it still ticked me off that this was played and framed as heroic. At that point it's like if they played the Star Wars main theme fanfare as Anakin is slaughtering younglings for Padme.
&gt;the issue at hand is were any of the deaths unavoidable. In the case of unemployment, yes very much so the increase in death is a recorded consistency. Same with natural disasters and loss of inhabitance. We're not talking about the foolish ones that stay behind in spite of evacuation orders--there are many more Innocents than that whose lives are endangered and often lost. A tabloid is going to thrive in times of stress and turmoil. It says nothing about the world's economy. Just because climate change is a gradual process doesn't mean it doesn't endanger lives and livelihood. Otherwise, we'd have nothing to worry about our current climate change issues so we should stop trying to fix it. I'm also basing Hina's state on her entire emotional turmoil throughout the film, and that facial expression she makes mirror that. It's not like my assumption is based on that one face alone. The world reached a new normal *because* she undid her sacrifice. And not just that, but her sacrifice was undone *by someone else*. Look, I'm not saying the film shouldn't have ended with that choice. But at least frame it better, as something complex and mixed morality. As was, it was framed as the equivalent of the Star Wars main fanfare heroically playing over Anakin slaughtering younglings to save Padme.
Hodaka's home life being completely unexplained made his completely over-the-top visceral reactions to everything ruin the film to me. Like, yeah, [spoiler](/s "If something super truly awful happened at home or it was so awful and suffocating, then sure, it would make sense that he'd react like being sent back was a fate worse than death. But when none of that is explained or even implied, why the hell am I supposed to believe his super visceral and overdramatic reactions to *everything* that could make that happen? And even more so, why is it that at the end of the film he gets sent back and graduates and it's all just...well, fine? Like, nothing actually happens when he finally gets sent back.")
I finished Hibike! Euphonium a bit of time ago and bought a woodwind and started playing about an hour every day since, and have even started lessons too. It's my first wind instrument. So yeah, I'm just gonna say the entirety of that show. What I love about the show in particular is that it's not just a show that's about the motivation to do something. It's a show about the motivation, process, struggles, and cathartic feeling of *getting better at something*.
For context, I'm probably around a 6/10 on the movie overall. It was still overall enjoyable and the visuals (save for a surprising number of rough spots with some bad CGI here and there), but I definitely have my problems. I respect that you really enjoyed it a lot more though. I still disagree about the ending not being portrayed as happy though. It feels like it's supposed to feel mixed emotions and somewhat gloomy up until the last 30 seconds, but the last 30 seconds are portrayed with such heroic hype music and romantic cinematography that it's hard for me to think of it any differently. It feels so...undeservingly triumphant, I guess. We probably won't agree much past that point though.
Byleth actually does play pretty uniquely though. Sword whip, lance, and axe are all represented in him. But yeah, the previous oversaturation with Marth clones does hurt him. Having all of Roy, Chrome and Lucina is kinda insane.
Wait what? Almost every Ghibli movie has a completely different plot structure and many of them have way different character designs. I mean hell, compare Porco Rosso to Princess Mononoke to Spirited Away, all of which Miyazaki made one after the other. They look so completely different from one another.
Or not like it much. Watched it a few weeks ago, was kinda disappointed in it, have soured even more ever since. Glad others are liking it though.
You should probably mark that as spoilers. But yeah I loved it. It's really hard to make a whodunnit feel fresh after Agatha Christie basically perfected delivery of some of the best outcomes in Murder on the Orient Express and in And Then There Were None, but I really felt Rian did just that.
I sometimes wonder if I would've been more forgiving of Carole and Tuesday's super underwhelming music scenes if K-On and Hibike didn't spoil me rotten on their crazy attention to detail on every level. It's not just the cinematography or animation quality that sets it apart. It's the fact that the audio was always recorded in a way to match the environment where they perform, and they let the music speak for itself.
Not only is that the most vague descriptor of a plotline, it's not even true most of the time! Princess Mononoke doesn't follow that. Howl's Moving Castle only partially follows that. Ponyo only barely follows that. Nausicaa doesn't follow that. Castle Cagliostro doesn't either. Neither does Kiki. Laputa falls into it a bit. I haven't seen the Wind Rises so can't judge that. Totoro definitely doesn't follow that. Only one Miyazaki film he's ever made fully follows that format haha. Literally only Spirited Away.
My intention wasn't to use other people's films to discredit, but to indicate that Shinkai's films don't have nearly enough thematic depth to assert that different themes will distinguish his works enough. Hodaka was actually the part of the film I hated the most (and I still enjoyed the film overall). Mainly, because his home life and backstory was left completely unexplained and yet he consistently reacted as if being sent home would be a fate worse than death. And the even weirder part is, [spoiler](/s "when he actually does get sent back home at the end, nothing really happens. He graduates, things are fine, and he returns to Tokyo. What ended up being so horrid in the end?"). There's a sense like the film keeps wanting to explain what the hell happened back there, but just doesn't want to because the film doesn't know itself. Why does he act a certain way? The film can't really explain it. And when that's the case, his entire character just falls apart to me. (also I didn't just downvote you, for the record)
Definitely wins the award for best basketball player actor by a longshot. The whole time I was watching I was like, "...there's no way that's the actual KG...he's actually acting well. Basketball players usually can't act!"
I don't give Shinkai criticism for his melancholic romance feels--I give him criticism for hardly ever having a new take on those melancholic romance feels. Tarantino may always have violence in his films, but just about every one of his films is completely different structurally and uses that violence for completely different purposes.
&gt;WwY shows a lot more about the characters than Your Name does. Ok but explain how though. What you described earlier is most certainly not enough. And I heavily disagree with that take on Mitsuha, and feel like you're misremembering a lot. As early as the first scenes of the film we're given very clear reason with show-not-tell as to why she's sick of her town. She never has to explain outright why--they show it in her uncaring father, in her family transitions that bring her ridicule to friends, in the fact that her friends do the same thing every day after school. Her family tensions become slowly even more elucidated as the film progresses, and the climax is her having to face those tensions head on. That 30 seconds that comes later is a beautiful scene but is just icing on the cake at that point--the film did sufficient showcasing of her personal struggles for identity and getting out there in the rest of the film already.
You're just describing actions of a good boy and a good girl. That's not depth. But somehow Mitsuha's family complications, which are an interesting circumatance, are not interesting? You even mention Hina can cook well as if that's a defining trait. Everything else is literally a "best girl" trait that has little to do with actually being a good, deep character. I will readily admit that Suga was great though and I firmly believe he is hands down the most developed member of the WwY cast.
Errr this is not right. According to interviews, Nintendo gave Sakura an extensive list of characters that can be possible, and Sakurai picked/recommended out of those. So Sakurai did have say.
I've mentioned before but that implication still leads to some major inconsistencies in the film. There is a lack of development/continuity to it.
&gt;as well as their fight with the incompetent police force. This part of the film was just astounding to watch. - Oh, Hodaka's gonna try to escape from the middle of a police compound. Surely someone's going to be able to stop a 16 year old kid in a goddamn police station...oh wait, he got out. Huh. - Oh, Hodaka's going to escape on foot and on scooter. Surely the police have cars, motorbikes, fast runners...oh wait, they escaped. And lost them. Huh. - Oh, they got cornered in a building! Surely the police will get them now! ...oh, Hodaka luckily landed right next to the gun he left behind ages ago? ...oh, Hodaka was able to outrun them? ...oh, Suga was able to best another? ...okay, maybe they got lucky, but I guess it's all *slightly* reasonable...wait...THE 10-YEAR OLD KID IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL SUCCESSFULLY TACKLED A POLICE OFFICER?! The police force was so goddamn incompetent it was insane.
So, you're not wrong that Taki and Mitsuha are pretty vanilla as far as interesting personality traits go. However, I wouldn't put Hodaka and Hina any higher on that. Them just being more selfless doesn't make them more interesting to me on their own--just makes them more self-inserts IMO. What makes Mitsuha better than any of the other three for me, however, is that at the least there's a clear connection between her background and her character struggles in the film. Her origin in a small town with a dismissive father who's also a corrupt politician and a mother part of a lineage of strong family traditions leads to an interesting dynamic where both her family lines become core to the plot and her role in said plot. And that, at least, makes her struggles as a character interesting. And since Taki is intertwined with that and learns about that and gets himself along on the ride, that makes him also relatively interesting. But Hina's on-her-own with her brother thing is...fine but not explored that much. And Hodaka is probably the most unrealized potential in the film--the guy with a completely unexplained background but somehow him being threatened to be sent back home he treats as worse than death? And then when he actually is sent home later nothing bad actually happens and he graduates fine and then returns? When like 80% of his character is his melodramatic resistance to being sent back home, that huge gap in his backstory just gets more and more noticeable as the film goes on. And it makes that last bit feel even more inconsistent. Anywho, that's why I digged the main couple of Your Name way more. Suga is a much better character than any of the side cast in Your Name though. While there was still more to be done with him, he did have that going for him.
It helps that the show has had a TON of staying power. The animation has not aged a bit, the meme power is still superb, and it's just so damn funny and endearing. It's definitely been garnering status as a modern classic, and I think it definitely deserves it.
Keep in mind that a lot of it is absurdity in numbers. As in, if these were one-off events this wouldn't be that bad, but there were *so many* of these happening that it just gets ridiculous. So after Hodaka bolts out of the holding room he's about to be put in, I slightly raised an eyebrow and let it slip. After there were no other officers in the building to catch him, I raised it a bit higher. After the officers were consistently outrun by Hodaka, I raised it a bit higher. After the front door was just left wide open, I raised it a *lot*. After he manages to escape from using a wet puddle to slide, I started calling BS on all of the above. Everything else just made it more and more absurd. &gt;I would assume that’s because they’re hesitant to use force on underage minors. And yet they left the front door of the station wide open, and no other officers seemed to be in the building. Also, police should at least be able to grapple a minor even if they don't beat them to the ground. &gt;but with the amount of running force he had and the area he tackled makes sense I guess.. The spot on the leg the kid tackled is one of the hardest spots to topple on a person. Even with the running force, a 10-year old also doesn't have nearly the weight or strength backing him to do that much with a tackle.
I loved Your Name and was super disappointed by Weathering With You.
So I don't hate them--in fact I really enjoyed them quite a bit. However, it is one of my least favorite Monogatari arcs. The main reason being, the dialogue for most of the main series is like straight 10/10 almost all of the time, and it'll carry these gorgeous scenes with just non-stop banter that sinks its teeth into you and doesn't let you go. In Kizu, the dialogue is not only much more sparse, but way more bland and ordinary too. They're gorgeous films, but I wish they were carried by more than just being gorgeous. EDIT: Also, for context, even despite my issues with Kizumonogatari I still have the three films as a 7/10, 8/10, and 8/10 on MAL. But that's in comparison to a 9/10 for Bake, Second Season, and both Owarimonogataris.
No, it was intentional.
Very strong recap, and I think Gigguk was spot on with a lot of takes... ...except Carole and Tuesday. Really? Best music production in an anime? I love Watanabe, but the music production in the show is possibly my least favorite part of it. The variety of genres and artists was pretty neat, but so much of how it was handled in the actual show bugged the hell out of me. - On very few occasions did the music being played in the show match the environment in which it was playing. You'd have a talent show and live performances and people literally writing new songs on the spot and they'd sound ultra-autotuned, overproduced, even remixed on the spot somehow. - A lot of the main duo's luster started getting lost when the above complaint starting applying double to them. There are times when they'd be set up in a completely acoustic environment performing live, and you'd hear the heavy pitch correction in their vocals really powerfully. Part of their magic was supposed to be how raw they were...and in the show they talk about how raw they were...and then they sound like they were just in a studio being recorded and over-edited. - Maybe it's because I'm coming off of watching K-On and Hibike, but the super jarring use of CGI instruments and fingering (that didn't even seem to always match) hit me hard a lot. You'd have these super gorgeous backgrounds and environments and then cut to some super jarring instrument play. - Lastly, the show took just about every opportunity to stroke its own ego on its music. I was getting really tired of how a music producer would say, "This song is going to change the scope of music for the next generation," then the artist would play a song that sounds incredibly bland and vanilla, and then an audience would just give the biggest standing ovation and react like it was the greatest song they've ever heard in their lives. This happened so much more often than it should've. It felt like they weren't letting the music speak for itself, or react to the music as you'd expect in real life. The show felt like a love letter to music by a team that had never been involved in music making or performing in their lives.
That's fair. It's pretty safe but there's a reason why it's used so much: it looks good. Regarding KyoAni, for some time I agreed with you, but then I noticed that modern KyoAni definitely does have a style. And that style is basically...hair galore. Like, super detailed hair, sometimes down to the individual strands. And then add onto that great jawlines. Hibike, Free, Violet Evergarden, Hyouka, Amagi Brilliant Park, etc. all follow this format. Plus old KyoAni basically was the giant eyes style for a while that was reminiscent of shows 20 years in the past. And honestly Naoko Yamada keeps doing her own thing too. K-On! and Tamako have an almost chibi feel to their facial structures that makes them super friendly looking. A Silent Voice used color in really interesting ways alongside slender bodies, and Liz and the Blue Bird kinda doubled down on that. I admittedly haven't seen Summer Wars or Boy and the Beast, so I can't judge those. But I do love Mob Psycho's style.
Yep. There's a reason they're my favorite studio, surpassing Ghibli for me (well, I recognize Ghibli is the overall *better* and more legendary one, but KyoAni is now my favorite). Best example of what you mentioned is Hibike Euphonium, which I finished a few weeks ago. It's one thing to have a slice of life about a concert band. It's another thing entirely for them to nail the actual mentality of being a musician and working to get better, ensemble dynamics, coloring the characters to their instrument stereotypes, nailing all of the instrument fingering, having stupid details filled in like a passing shot of someone swabbing their clarinet (with the damn sound too!), or the senior percussionist having the right default grip compared to the first years, and the instruments actually sounding like the room they're in in the show. Or my favorite aspect that very few people notice: accurately simulating different skill levels on the same pieces of music multiple times in the show. As a musician myself, that's so damn hard to fake in a way that seems genuine (faking the difference between very good and REALLY GOOD takes some major effort).
Blame the squid, not the circle. Squids are known for accidentally drawing ovals.
Watching the show with this in mind is really quite entertaining, because it can really go either way. Are all these crazy people and instances creations to keep Haruhi entertained, or is Haruhi herself a creation to drive him out of his boredom and dull life and make him feel special? Honestly, I could go either way, and I think the show supports both at the same time.
Jokes aside, I know people love to joke about Nichijou blowing its budget on its absolutely insane sakuga moments, but even in this super tame and ordinary scene, the backgrounds and character animations are still far more detailed and lively than 99% of slice of life shows. KyoAni's just that good.
As someone who just finished Hibike! Euphonium and is now very much aware who the best teacher in all of anime is... **VOTE NOBORU TAKI! Also known as TAKI-SENSEI** Special shoutouts to Mumen Rider, Gamagoori, Karasu, and Mikisugi!
Reigen is today! **Give Reigen Arataka a good seed! He deserves it so much!** Also Kyon.
The power of the famous KyoAni editing. Oftentimes for better, sometimes for worse, but definitely helps make the anime feel very standalone. That and all the other bells and whistles they always add to their shows and movies.
Usually that applies more to shows with only one season, but the first season was popular enough and the manga is still selling well enough that I think a second season could gain success just on its own.
Any Miyazaki film. Check out Nausicaa, or Princess Mononoke, or Spirited Away, or Howl's Moving Castle, or Porco Rosso.
Vote the undisputed best anime dad. Vote Akio. Also, vote best gem person. Vote Phosphophyllite.
Alright I literally just finished this show, **and** just finished rewatching the first season so I'm super ready for this. In rewatching there are also so many damn details that foreshadow later arcs (even between seasons) it's insane. Just putting it out there, for people who are unsure if they should join in: - If you've ever played in a musical ensemble of any sort you will relate HARD to a lot of the show. It gets so much of the little details of ensemble work and coaching so accurately it's insane. - You don't need to have played an instrument to enjoy this show. In fact, you might even get inspired to start playing from it (I started playing clarinet after finishing it because I got inspired by the show and it's my first wind instrument). - It's one of the most gorgeous shows KyoAni's ever made. And that says a lot because it's KyoAni. - Taki-sensei is best teacher. He is also voiced by Takahiro Sakurai, who voices Reigen in Mob Psycho 100. Which means doubly so he's best teacher. - You're probably not wrong whoever you pick as best girl...but best character is probably Kumiko.
So K-On! is great but I'm not sure I'd qualify it as a music anime in the same vein. It's a show that takes place in a music club but it's way more of a slice of life or pure chillax show than a music anime. That being said, its delivery of the music side of the show, when it's there, is fantastic. Like, it's infinitely better at its delivery of the live music scenes and the music-making process than Carole and Tuesday (which I had a LOT of problems with). Hibike is focused way more on the process of music making, getting better, the instrument work, ensemble structure, etc. And its delivery of all of the above is top notch.
Interesting characterization for me tends to be defined by individual personal philosophies that make their actions and reactions to situations around them truly unique. But even more important than that, it's character chemistry--how webs of characters interact and bounce off each other in interesting ways. Attack on Titan sometimes has the former, but almost never has the latter. If I were to point to examples of fantastic character casts from other shows that exemplify this for me, I'd point to Hibike! Euphonium, Gintama, Kaguya-sama, To Your Eternity (though that's a manga, soon to be adapted), Cowboy Bebop, Kill la Kill, Fullmetal Alchemist/Brotherhood, and the Monogatari Series. Notice how all those casts are *completely* different from one another, but they all share those common core two points I listed above. Because AoT is so plot-focused, it never gives itself time to focus on cross-character interaction. Which is a shame because I think a lot of its more intense and emotional moments would hit way harder if it did.
That's good to hear. If that's true that they get way better then it'll definitely make me enjoy it way more, even if it won't retroactively address the issue with S1-3 in that regard.
&gt; Psycho-Pass I haven't seen it so I can't judge. &gt;I mean, I wouldn't mind episodes in AoT where nothing is happening and they can just chill, a bit like the most recent episode. That would require the show to be even longer, though, as there isn't really any filler. I'd actually assert those would be very welcome, because people already note that AoT's pace is oftentimes stupid-fast paced. Still, more character interaction doesn't always mean slowing down the pace. Kill la Kill's got some *amazing* character chemistry and that show's stupid-fast paced all the time. &gt;Also I am personally tired of shows that try to shove the characters' differences down your throat in every scene by making a timid character always talk in a timid way and some cocky character say everything in a cocky style. Ironically, this is actually my problem with AoT's characters--this was very explicitly used as a tool a ton early on in Attack on Titan to establish characters, and the effects still linger a bit later. Sasha was always hungry, Jean was a pompous coward, Mikasa was edgy sadgirl, Levi was edgy seriousboi, Eren was edgy angryboi, etc. Serumbowl was a fantastic episode, and it was actually for precisely the reasons I was pointing to--it was less about the plot points and more about deep-diving into these characters, their personal biases, what Armin and Erwin meant to everyone else, who'd be more violent and who'd be more diplomatic, etc. I wish there were more moments like that.
&gt;I think you need to go out a bit more. I probably interact with more groups of friends on close levels than vast majority of this sub (not even an exaggeration--my hobbies and job have me consistently in a lot of extended interaction with tons of random circles, all of whom talk about completely different things and are made up of completely different personalities). If you think that in real life, people in reality only talk about what they have to do that day and all the steps they need to take to do that as all of their conversations, then you need to get out more. The people in AoT aren't realistic to a fault. They're all just that one boring friend you know that thinks conversation is just saying what he read in the New York Times that day. People in real life dwell on drama all the time. And when they don't, they go off on tangents. And in real life people *do* often try to cut serious air with levity when they can. But more importantly, they're not just doing those in their own bubbles--they're interacting with people around them on deep levels. By the way, another example I can give of realistic characters being way more relatable and compelling is the Before Trilogy. Perhaps easily the most human and realistic characters I've ever seen written for media. And they are a far cry from the way AoT's characters are written.
This is a very informative review with a horrible title. I get that "embarrassment of riches" can be taken positively depending on the context, but you put "embarrassment" in a review headline of any media and it looks like it was terrible. Regardless though, great to see that they liked it!
&gt;The plot was a bit of a letdown of course but the characters were the best of the 3 films imo Of Your Name maybe (though I kinda disagree. I thought Mitsuha developed as a character way more than Hina--Hina's mostly just cute and pretty), but versus A Silent Voice? Absolutely not.
Completely disagree. Hina is sweet and cute and really nice and that's basically it. Mitsuha actually had real human growth and development and flaws she had to overcome.
Completely disagree. It's easy to hate those two girls but that's because they're designed to be hated. They're well-written in their malice though--they're extremely human in where they come from and the actual way in which they carry themselves. It hurts to watch Naoka and Miki because they're type of characters that exist in real life. That doesn't make them horrible--that makes them extremely well-written. Nagatsuka was also great and served a super key role in Shoya's development. Shoya's mother was written *extremely* well for the mother of a bully now kinda suicidal, as was Shoko's mother for other reasons. Satoshi is the only one who's super flat, but even he serves a purpose to the story.
I'll say that his reply was stupid and you're completely right that saying that without any context goes nowhere. However, I do completely disagree with most of your point. Regarding Your Name, I slightly agree that there is *some* contrived nature to the way they handle time travel and memory loss, but the overall nature seems to be implied that specific details of memories may be lost, but emotional response is not. These characters may forget who each other are, but they remember how they felt around each other. But regarding A Silent Voice, I *completely* disagree and I think you completely missed the point on a lot of moments in the movie. &gt;they didn't even properly fall in love Yep, that's partially the point. The film is fronted as a romance or a potential romance but it springs into something far bigger than that. &gt;the guy being afraid of everyone seemed weird &gt;and the guy's fucked up past was overused as an obstacle in his life. It was less him being afraid of everyone and more self-loathing to the point of thinking it absurd that his own presence could be considered downright repulsive to others. And this isn't a contrived phenomenon either--self-esteem issues after troubling pasts where you can't consider yourself anything but the villain in retrospect is a very real thing. And when the effects of his bullying keep coming up, it's hard to just ignore it or overcome it in even a few months. &gt;They didn't show her overcoming the communication barrier between her and the guy properly One of the major messages of the movie is that change and growth don't happen overnight. It's not about quick development--it's about the promise to change and work to get better, even if you keep making mistakes along the way. This is a common theme with almost every side character in the movie too, especially Naoka and Miki and Miyoko. Change happens little by little, but you can do it starting now.
But you then have to ask yourself, do you hate them because they're poorly written? Or do you hate them because they're a well-written realistic portrayal of certain kinds of people in real life, and they're written to make you uncomfortable? If the latter, that doesn't make them a horrible side cast. It makes them a compelling side cast.
That's completely understandable, and I agree. Though the film does do quite a bit to make you feel sympathetic towards Ueno especially towards the end. It's like, I hate that you act that way but I can't blame you given your age and a lot of what you've had to deal with. I was more addressing that the guy you replied to seemed to infer that they were a horrible cast.
Yes but she was also already crazy exhausted and tired out. She only begun to use the Avatar State at her last moments, and opened herself up to the same thing that doomed Aang in S2--she only used it while she was super tired and the enemy wasn't.
Having mastery of four separate elements doesn't topple one who is a *far* greater master in one. For example, it's commonly speculated that at Aang's and Katara's primes, Katara could still beat Aang in a 1v1 fight.
&gt;But we're talking about feats, and Aang's feats would absolutely level Katara's. I mean you were mentioning show feats, but Katara's rival even Aang's in that show. Katara took out two foes Aang couldn't (Hama and Azula), she beat Zuko more than once too, evenly matched Toph in a straight fight (in Aang's case, he beat her by hitting her in her blind spot when she didn't even know he was an airbender). We're not talking about the Avatar State--we're talking about two benders with relatively equal footing. The comics also showcase that even after the series, Katara *still* kept getting better at what she does. Aang does too, but Katara didn't stop either. Benders/fighters don't suddenly hit a ceiling for their skill with an element, where it can't be maxed out anymore. For as much time as Aang spent on his elements, Katara spent just as much if not more on her waterbending.
That's a bit harsh and completely unfounded, no? Not even going to poke holes into my argument at all? Not even going to acknowledge that my points are at least based on actual evidence?
&gt;He won the fight twice without using the Avatar State, so I'm not sure this is the most relevant point. Only after getting him in close enough proximity to utilize seismic sense, and after getting him on his knees from use of the Avatar State. You also gotta remember that Katara possibly had just as big of a feat--she took down Azula during the comet while she lacked any fire of her own. &gt;and I don't think her greater training discipline comes directly to bear on whether she is a better overall combatant than he is. Sure, but if we look at the different components of what would make someone a great combatant (raw power, control, resourcefulness, use of environment, etc.), Katara has also demonstrated tremendous ability in those same respects. I don't think she'd beat him handily, and I don't think she'd be a clear winner either. But I think it'd at the very least be an interesting and close fight.
This parallel also works with the Netflix live action adaptation. "You're looking at a truly faithful live action adaptation, which may not surpass the original but is sure to bring droves of new fans and attention to the series!" "...or it's a Shyamalan-grade live action adaptation, which is poisonous."
But great filler is often some of the best content in a show when executed properly. It builds character and adds further attachment to the plot points. If filler episodes were encouraged to be skipped, you'd be skipping out on easily some of the best episodes in the show (The Ember Island Players, The Tales of Ba Sing Sei, The Beach).
No, the problem is he isn't high enough.
I really love how his words almost deliberately become overly cheesy towards the very end. Because it's that turn for the cheesy that makes it natural that Ozai springs right into mocking him for sounding like Iroh, which gives Zuko the chance to proudly wear that badge of honor (heh).
Jack from Under the Scope is phenomenal, but you'll only occasionally hear him talk about thing he dislikes. His videos mostly focus on the stuff he loves and can really go into depth about why he loves them. But maybe that's a good thing that he's rarely negative. YouTube video essayists tend to stray overly negative.
His Spring 2020 video had him gushing about Sing "Yesterday" for Me so there's that. He seems mostly passive about Kaguya though--he seems to really enjoy it but not enough to gush about it.
Well I've been told this by manga readers for the past, like, 5 episodes so I'm not holding my breath but I'm definitely gonna see the season through to the end.
He made a video talking about how trashy it was. Wasn't exactly promoting it. In his Winter video he gushed all about the stuff he loved, and even gave a shout-out to Mob Psycho season 2 in his video about classic anime and contenders for modern classics.
With all due respect, I definitely haven't seen second season as "S-Tier" thus far. The S-tier of anime comedy for me is Gintama and Nichijou. Kaguya's great but it's not even in the same league as those two. I still really enjoy the show, and Episode 7 was possibly the funniest episode out of either season for me, but I've had at least a few problems with the second season so far. I miss cunning-and-clever Kaguya--Bakaguya's fun but when she absolutely dominates the screentime it makes me lose sight of a lot of why I loved her character in the first place. The serious arcs are nice but they're often exposition-heavy and often don't pack nearly as much emotional punch as the serious moments in most of the other anime comedies I've loved (Gintama, Nichijou, Amagi Brilliant Park), and none of them in S2 thus far have been even close to the fireworks moment in S1. Also, progress in a rom-com is nice but progress in a comedy-in-general is not as out-of-the-ordinary as Kaguya stans make it out to be--I can't think of a single anime comedy show I've really enjoyed in the last while that didn't have a lot of forward progress (Konosuba, and all three I listed above). Also, side note, I'm getting really fatigued of manga stans going nuts over every single moment of every single episode like it's the greatest thing since sliced bread. Then anytime anyone ever questions why it was so good, they say, "Ah it's good but the really great stuff hasn't happened yet, just keep watching." So which is it? Overall, I've been digging it, and I'll keep watching, but S-tier? From Season 2 Episode 1? Completely disagree. I think I gave the first season an 8/10 and I'm swimming between a 7/10 and 8/10 for second season thus far.
I actually think you listing it out demonstrates more how bad it was ironically. How many of those games were on other consoles at least a year before with almost zero incentive to buy late? (And it's not a Switch scenario where buying late at least gives portability). How many of them were killer apps just releasing that appealed to a wide group? How many of them were big names but were poorly received and thus were even more harmed by audience opinion of those games post-release? How many "killer apps" are in that pool? It's important to note that the Switch's launch lineup essentially boiled down to two games (+ a few other re-releases and smaller titles): - Breath of the Wild - 1 2 Switch And *maybe* Snipperclips. But Breath of the Wild's release had such a bigger impact versus any of the games you listed up there combined that Switch's launch lineup, despite being barebones, was still so much stronger than the Wii U's. It's also important to note the importance of launch window. How many major games came out for the Wii U over the next several months of its release? But then look at Switch--every one-two months a new major game released for its entire first year. Wii U's launch lineup was quite bad, and its launch window was even worse.
Season 1's quite solid. It's inconsistent, but it has several 9/10 (The Southern Air Temple, Winter Solstice, The Waterbending Master) and 10/10 episodes (The Blue Spirit, The Storm, The Siege of the North). Season 2, however, is a major step up as soon as the first episode hits. People still debate whether Season 2 or Season 3 is better. Season 3 is more episodic with IMO higher highs, but Season 2 has a longer-running arc that it's clearly following.
I totally read that in Michael's voice.
I will say that the second half of the fourth season kinda loses steam. But then it picks that steam right back up in the last two episodes and really delivers.
Right? &gt;!Season 2 Episode 1 elicited a similar reaction. I thought we were gonna start with a new reality and the whole season would be them in a second run with a bunch of new scenarios and end again with a realization of it being The Bad Place. But then they just SPRINTED there by the end of Episode 1.!&lt;
"Fire. Wang Fire. This is my wife, Sapphire." "Sapphire Fire, nice to meet you."
I disagree. IMO in Season 1 she grows a bit but the finale completely botches her opportunity to learn her most important lessons she should've learned. So Season 2 brings those issues back into the foreground, and actually humbles her in the ways she needs to to become a better person and a better Avatar. The next two seasons build on that growth far more than on the growth in the first season. Also, if you skip Season 2, you miss out on Beginnings. One of the best episodes in either ATLA or Korra.
You're entitled to your opinion, even if that opinion is wrong.
So I finished the first season of Dragon Prince recently, and I gotta say, I was not at all impressed. The animation was really jarring, but also the writing felt extremely contrived and none of the characters have yet landed with me. It feels like it's trying to be How to Train Your Dragon except not nearly as good. Does it get better?
Equating rape allegation to actual rape is also an issue. In Biden's case, the Tara Reade case has been scrutinized to hell and back and there are a ridiculous number of inconsistencies with it. There's also a difference in how both Trump and Biden have handled their allegations. Trump's handwaved and ignored it away, and Biden's response has been, "please search everything so you can see there's nothing there."
He already addressed that in his post. There are HUGE differences in how Biden and Trump have handled their allegations.
There are also huge inconsistencies with her report, including completely switching stories on what was in the initial senate complaint, collaborating stories that have gone back and forth on their versions, and even her lawyer dropping the case. Several people have come forward questioning her believability on this. It is still *very* inconclusive. And over the last few weeks it's actually swayed *more* in favor of Biden.
I hate to be *that guy* because I agree with you, but... ...fewer.
&gt;It can't get any worse As the last year has shown, yes it can. It can always get much worse. People were saying "it can't get any worse" in 2018. They were saying "it can't get any worse" in 2019. It *has* been getting worse. And it all especially imploded this year. Also, a Trump victory is basically guaranteeing at least a 7-2 Republican Supreme Court majority for decades to come. And hundreds of lower court picks too. It also guarantees more deregulation of the EPA and a further push for fossil fuels and further pushing the idea that climate change is a hoax. If you don't live in a swing state, sure, vote for the candidate you like. But in a swing state, not voting for your "lesser of two evils" (which is a major problem in rhetoric already, as reading actual policy proposals will paint VERY different pictures) IS throwing away a vote when it's guaranteed to not influence anything.
There is a huge difference between being overly friendly and not respecting boundaries out in public, and straight up violating someone in private. Re: inconsistencies - those corroborating her story have changed their story several times. Reade has also changed her story at least a few times--even *after* she started accusing of rape. At one point, she said that the initial Senate complaint would have it mentioned, and then Biden insisted they find the original complaint, and then she backstepped on that and accused AP News of lying about her interview (which is insane because AP News' record is so ridiculously airtight. Several acquaintances of Reade have doubted her credibility in interviews, and of 74 former staffers interviewed, 64 of which were women, not a single one said they experienced sexual harassment or misconduct. Tara Reade's lawyer also dropped her as a client. Mainstream media at first wasn't covering it, but to say that's still happening is absurd. For the past couple months NYTimes, CNN, Fox, NBC, PBS, National Report, and AP News have all covered it. And that's just the articles I've seen. But it says a lot when even Fox and AP News have mostly dropped it. &gt;Hypothetically: if it were proven beyond a doubt that both of their respective allegations were accurate would all y'all still be willing to make a lesser of two evils calculation? Shouldn't a president be held to a higher standard than "raping less people than the other guy?" Personally, hands down yes. Obviously you've gotta condemn him if he's guilty, but since I also think Trump is guilty of way more, and since Biden would be almost 20 years ago, I'm much more focused on policies that will affect us in the next 50 years. That means climate change, healthcare, Supreme Court, drug decriminalization, etc. I'd be a bit more burned that Biden had done that in the past, but I'd still be very positive about most of his current policy and political track record.
Yes, definitely. The first half is alright, though the writing's a bit flat. But the second half is fantastic. And throughout the entirety it's absolutely breathtaking in visuals and sound.
Sorry, Sifu Hotman.
Flameo, hotman!
What makes the conflict so interesting in The Library is that neither side is in the wrong. The Gaang is completely right that the Fire Nation plays dirty, especially to gain knowledge and stop others from getting it. And the only response is to get a leg up in knowledge themselves. Wan Shi Tong, however, wasn't wrong in his philosophy either. Having double standards is dangerous and results in dangerous slippery slope scenarios.
To contrast /u/blisteringchristmas , I actually consider Season 4 *really* strong. Season 3 is definitely better, but Season 4 carries through many of the same strengths. Better framing of its villains, better character growth for Korra that's actually followed through all the way through, highlighting the fan favorite characters and giving them even more to do, and a continuation of the show's themes in a very natural way. I think it's easily better than Season 1, which starts with strong promise but absolutely botches the ending. Also, Season 1 has the goddawful love triangle that made me even more uncomfortable on rewatch. Season 4 actually handles its romantic subplots really well. EDIT: Also, I'm currently rewatching Korra and almost done with S1, and seriously, every time Mako does something mean to Asami or Bolin because of his totally-not-subtle crush on Korra I just want to punch him in the face. I just have to keep reminding myself that he gets so much better in Seasons 3 and 4 (never gets amazing, but at least becomes fine). Also Asami keeps being so damn accommodating and giving benefit-of-the-doubt and he just completely disrespects that every time.
Even most fans of TCW admit the movie is atrocious.
You're very fortunate that you skipped it. I stuck through the whole thing. Even for someone who dislikes most of Season 1 of TCW (but loves the show overall), this arc was my least favorite in the show.
It could be a mix of nostalgia, but also the implicit knowledge that it gets better later so you excuse a lot of flaws/rough edges. When it was first airing, the first season and movie just couldn't stop frustrating me in every single way possible. Hell, Ahsoka by the end of Season 5 is one of the best written Star Wars characters since the OT, but Season 1 Ahsoka was unbearable for me.
It's the latter. The former is The Blue Spirit.
I mean, Korra is a VERY solid show even despite its faults so I don't blame him.
Hang on, Korra's recap episode is generally very well received. Most shows' recap episodes operate the way Korra's does, except they just recap plot points and don't really do any retrospective or interesting work with it. But Korra's does some great retrospective work on the themes and developments of the show over its course, even if disjointed. And Varrik's recap of Bolin's story is absolutely hilarious and a great meta-commentary on so many pieces of the show. The episode came out of Nick cutting the budget for the show, and Bryke needing to either reuse footage or fire people. And they made the absolute best of what they had. &gt;and imagination when it comes to bending. ~~Also, of all things to criticize Korra for, this is definitely not one of them IMO. It both expanded on the use of bending while showing a natural progression and evolution of it as the society around it progressed.~~ **EDIT**: Mistook that for a criticism rather than a praise, my bad. Completely misread it.
I disagree a lot with the idea that it's applying science to it--it's an origin story, but there's never any technical mumbo-jumbo applied, and in a lot of ways it relates back to the spirituality that was so great in ATLA. It even takes on a more abstract art style to create even more of a feeling of it being an abstract legend. &gt;I hated the conclusion of Book 1 Completely agreed. Even though I loved the show overall by its conclusion, this was always my least favorite part. Thankfully, Seasons 3 and 4 get WAY better and WAY more consistent.
Oh I misread that, my bad. Editing now.
Even discounting the fact that Katara could bend snow, you're completely forgetting when the Northern Water Tribe first attacks Appa and they start bending icebergs to come out of the ocean.
Yeah I completely misread that last part. Ignore me, you're good lol. I edited.
I had a feeling you were implying a midichlorians comparison before. It's fine if you feel that way--to me it's not an accurate parallel though. Midichlorians were established as these micro-organisms that live in the bloodstream and the raw quantity of them determines strength in the Force. I agree that the "spirit portals" add a bit of that excessive exposition and added an unnecessary layer where usually spiritual connection and intrusion of spiritual elements of the normal world is what causes crossover between the physical and spirit worlds. But everything else was completely inline with that abstract emotional and spiritual balance. Nothing gets scientific--there's simply more exploration of the ramifications of emotional and spiritual imbalance, and the qualities of patience and understanding that counter those. The chakras in ATLA are actually another great example of this: they may be an explanation, but they're an explanation that connects to the heart of the story, not the science of the story. Beginnings may be a more in-depth explanation to the origin of the Avatar, but it connects to the heart rather than the science of the story in the same way.
How far did you watch? I got aggravated with her a lot in the first season and a half, but by the end of the show I thought she was on par with most of ATLA's best characters (but Zuko will never be topped).
Oh 100%. Korra's recap episode is a good recap episode while ATLA's recap episode is so damn good it's consistently in lists of Top 10 episodes of the show. Hell, Ember Island Players is legit my third favorite episode in the entire series.
I finished Fahrenheit 451 very recently, and while I liked it overall, it's not nearly on the same level. It's got some great stuff in it, but the worldbuilding and character development is not nearly as convincing as the other speculative fiction classics.
You gotta admit though, Korra Season 1 is only slightly more hotheaded than Zuko lol.
Come for the "plot", stay for the actual plot.
I probably wouldn't join in on it as I just finished watching the whole thing and catching up only a few weeks ago. But I'd probably tune into the episode threads! If you want my personal opinion on the show, it definitely lives up to the hype it has garnered. Some fantastic worldbuilding, awesome sense of mystery, and I love how each season takes on a different style of storytelling (action thriller, to mystery, to political thriller, onto all-out-war). One of my only qualms is the character writing--the characters aren't actively bad, but they're far more bland and interchangeable than they should be save for a small handful, at least so far. And cross-character interaction tends to be minimal. There are a lot of heavy moments in the show that definitely would've hit me harder had this not been the case. But the story takes far more focus than the characters most of the time, so I mostly don't end up minding that. Very much looking forward to seeing how it wraps up.
Exactly.
Perhaps, but sometimes that's fine. In the case of the primary order, the reason for a lot of it is to gauge the candidates across a great deal of the most diverse electorate, and oftentimes the electorate most influential in the swing states. Overall, you're right that we couldn't know for sure unless the system does fully change. But I stand by my point that Bernie would've probably done even worse in ranked choice. Of course, then we also get into the argument of the merits of the electoral college, which is a different story entirely. Either way, when a favorite candidate is on the path to losing, I doubt most people's first response is to change to someone who's not their second choice--in most cases, it's at least a vote against their last choice. If candidates dropping out did have most of their votes go to Biden instead of Bernie, I highly doubt most would've had Bernie as higher on their ranked choice. In general, I think a lot of Berners WAY overestimate Bernie's second-choice appeal. In my experience, fans of Bernie LOVE him, but people who don't have him as first choice really do not like him. Even among Warren fans (I was Team Warren, for example, until she dropped)--while Bernie and Warren are closest ideologically, the way they debate and approach politics is completely different in almost every way. A lot of Bernie people underestimate this.
Well you don't have to be a broken person to appreciate good writing of broken people. I for example have not really had any of the issues the characters have, but I fucking love the characters for how compelling they are.
As someone who's first watch was only end of last year after watching almost 100 other anime, mostly in the 2010s, I disagree completely that the writing hasn't aged well. To me, that show still does interesting character writing, visceral fight scenes with actual *impact*, and meaningful tonal shifts better than almost any modern anime I've seen. IMO it's hardly aged a bit. Its character trope subversion has also only gotten better over time IMO. Ironically, its characters became watered down and overused archetypes in countless other shows, and it actually comes full circle to see those archetypes actually have purpose and depth and contextual reason for existing. Making NGE feel subversive all over again.
As someone who only watched it for the first time last year, I definitely still found it extremely relevant.
Fair. Like I said it's hard to completely know until ranked choice is there, but thus far outlook hasn't seemed the greatest. Iowa and NH are both swing states, so to an extent, yes.
You're free to have your opinion of it, but I gotta say I really disagree. There's a middle section that's a bit rushed but overall I felt the final third was paced *perfectly*. I also disagree that the character arcs are half-baked. They follow them through almost entirely, and the only one who isn't really is Satoshi (the red-haired guy). There's an aspect that's very intentional (in both the anime and the manga) that none of the characters fully changes over the course of the story. But that's the point. The point of the story isn't that change and growth happen overnight, but that it takes time and yet we can choose to changing starting now. To me, just about all the character arcs showed this off perfectly. The finale is also one of my favorite endings to an animated film ever.
Maybe [this](https://youtu.be/QmDGntpZC3I) will satisfy what you were looking for.
There are actually several barbershop choruses that push 100-200 members each! You should check 'em out sometime!
&gt;this is only second to that anime in production value and comes from the same Studio with immaculate attention to details for a TV series with breathtaking visuals, sound and animation. It may be second in production value, but it's definitely superior in terms of cinematography and visual direction IMO. &gt;Tomoyo Kurosawa - a legendary voice actress in the making. She's so damn good. One of the reasons why I'm most anticipating a Land of the Lustrous continuation--aside from the fact that the manga content just keeps getting better--is because I *need* more Tomoyo Kurosawa as Phos.
This show is absolutely amazing. One of the few that was even better on rewatch for me. It is up there with A Silent Voice as KyoAni's best in terms of dialogue and character writing. It also inspired me to pick up my first wind instrument, and I've been playing clarinet ever since.
Yeah a lot of people ignore the (potentially intentionally written?) hypocrisy in Kazuma saying this, as he's also very selective when he chooses to objectify women or pretend that he doesn't. He's a scumbag and they all know it, and Kazuma is at his best in KonoSuba when the show treats him as that (which is most of the time, though quite a few moments in S2 did bug me when it didn't).
The fanservice actually actively hurt my view of the show when seeing the promotional materials for years, and didn't really help when I started watching the show. It was only when I noticed how unapologetic and self-aware the fanservice was that I started not minding it. And it was around the point I noticed it was used for both genders and wasn't used as a crutch for shitty character writing that I started appreciating it in the show. That last point is actually my biggest qualm with fanservice and the most refreshing part of Kill la Kill for me--it's so often used as a crutch when the writers don't want to admit they can't write good female characters to save their lives. But the way in which KlK both has fanservice *and* writes good characters makes me kinda respect it. When people defend fanservice as, "let these female characters dress how they want!" I kinda roll their eyes because it's male writers choosing how they want them to dress, even if it makes no sense for the characters. Kill la Kill is one of the only shows where I could actually believe in that universe's rules, that that's how it'd actually roll.
Wait wait hang the fuck on. Luke in Return started absolutely wailing on Vader as soon as he barely mentioned Leia. That was one of the main cruxes of the film--that Luke was a trigger hair away from going ballistic with Dark Side rage. Without flinching or compromising on his beliefs? No, the whole point is that Luke *did* let his emotions get the better of him in that moment. It was only when the Emperor got overconfident and basically spelled it out for Luke that Luke realized what he did was wrong, and then turned away.
Something I should mention first: I do think TLJ did a shit job at communicating why he feared Ben's state. Rian had Luke monologue with "I saw darkness in him" but what the hell does that mean? Where did it come from? What did Snoke tempt him with? What personal issues was Kylo going through? But back to Luke's actual moment of failure, remember: Just because you make a mistake once, doesn't mean you're immune to making it again. Especially in the case of Luke getting tempted and then getting himself out of that temptation way more quickly and on his own in TLJ. So don't get me wrong, I do agree that TLJ did a shit job at communicating Luke's failure. But I disagree with your point that it shouldn't have been there to begin with.
[Here you go!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Animemes/comments/gy1fj8/clannadsama_love_is_war/) It's amazing how KyoAni will take even those super mundane cuts and add some skirt and hair flip movement with multiple characters reacting and moving to something at once. Kaguya-sama's got a lot of great cuts but you rarely see that kind of movement in a single cut.
During the airing of Gintama' they did a re-airing of some "best of"s of the show, and Crunchyroll has them listed as well (though I guess it's twice for the most part). Watching those brought back so many memories I had forgotten about and was just as funny the second time around.
Would you please stop with your superiority complex? But I am superior.
Wait, is that why the characters in the show are so flat to me? Did the show cut out a ton of interactions that were in the manga? That's my main flaw with the show, that the characters are so underwhelming in comparison to the rest of the good stuff.
For real. The character writing is super underwhelming for me and one of the few things I don't like about the show. So much of the cast is so bland and interchangeable.
Oh for sure. Historia is considered one of the most beloved characters in the show and to me she'd be one of the least interesting characters in almost any other good fantasy show I've watched. In general, I feel like Isayama falls into the trap of "more backstory = better characters" and misses out on so much more that needs to happen with characters. Notably, they have to interact with each other in meaningful and multilayered ways. But AoT's characters rarely do that--closest they got was, as you mentioned, S1 Part 2. As a result, the characters are serviceable to the fantastic story and super cleverly orchestrated mysteries but don't really do it for me otherwise.
&gt;So they're trying to be authentic but westernizing things at the same time. Err, hang on a second. One of the most idiosyncratic bits of Cowboy Bebop is how Western media-inspired it is. Diluting the plot/getting rid of key idiosyncrasies of an anime story is one thing, but westernizing stuff that was already westernized isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Yeah that's a terrible way to structure a show. Part of the duty of a show is to make said buildup compelling and interesting on its own. AoT DOES do that with its plot and mysteries. But it shouldn't take way more than majority of a series to get to "the good part".
Yeah that makes sense. I guess we should make sure in this case we're not overscrutinizing to the point where criticizing the westernization that was already there.
While understandable, and the worldbuilding has definitely taken a step up (the worldbuilding and mystery element to Attack on Titan are easily its strongest points, and it's a fantastic thing that they're usually the main focus), I wouldn't say the same about the characters. In fact, AoT S1 Part 2 and maybe S2 IMO was when the show was at peak character writing. In particular, it showed how the main characters bounce off each other and the side cast in interesting ways more than any other season, and even it wasn't particularly *amazing* at it. I mentioned this earlier, but I think a big problem with this is that Isayama often equates more backstory with better character writing, and so can overload on it without truly writing in more layered interaction (and my friend who's a manga reader says the same thing, so even if it's more, it's possible it's still not enough. If the anime cuts even more, then that's a flaw with the adaptation). Season 3 Part 1 was *very* particular with this.
Gintama and Hibike! in your top 5? That's good taste, friend. (They're my numbers 2 and 3 in my own list).
Does ATLA count as anime? Either way I respect your tops because it's my favorite TV show of all time.
Hibike also has phenomenally written characters, even extending to its side cast which can often rival the main cast of many shows.
Lots of that sound neat. One thing to note though, &gt;+Jean becomes more of a leader and not being a pussy like he was in S1 This is actually kinda disappointing to me. So many characters in the show seem to have this same linear transformation without any deep dive into how they interact with others during the first half. Jean always struck me as one of the more interesting *because* he wasn't just this fearless guy, and felt like he fell short of his potential because there weren't enough moments in the show for this to be explored. I would've liked more of this to happen.
Yeah I kinda agree. It's like Game of Thrones. I saw The Force Awakens three times in theaters, greatly enjoyed it every time and I called it my third favorite Star Wars film for a while (behind Empire and Return). Then I watched it again about a month before TRoS, after I had seen where TLJ went. And it just soured so many of the good things in that movie for me, knowing where they were going. I mean, hell, look at that movie on its own! You've got: - One of the best written Star Wars character since the OT in Kylo Ren - A main character with charisma and a direction where, and on rewatch I still attest to it, they were greatly hinting that her unnatural power would become a major problem in some way, and that it was almost too handy. (Similar to Anakin in some ways) - A fantastic arc for Finn that could've been expanded upon even more in the trilogy. - An unexpected great side character in Poe. - A great new droid with great design - A conflict that, while kinda a copy of the Rebellion-Empire conflict, could've had more detail added to show its distinctions (though worldbuilding was definitely the worst part of TFA) - In general, a fantastically paced, shot, and acted Star Wars film that really captured the essence of its tone. In particular, it really nailed the comedy while not distracting from the drama I really wish the rest of the trilogy did it justice. Sure, it was familiar, but it planted the seeds for major divergence past that film in interesting directions.
Jesus Christ, people he's just asking a question. To answer briefly though, almost every major obstacle in TFA is solved by her, even when there are usually several other key characters invovled. In TLJ, similar happens towards the end except she makes almost no character development to get there. In TRoS, she is actually given context to being ridiculously powerful but we still see her struggle extremely little with the unnatural side of her ability. It kinda comes and goes. It never becomes a major barrier on its own to progress. In general, she ends up doing so much right and when she does something wrong it usually only results in minor inconveniences.
The problem, as I already said, isn't any one of those individual incidents. In fact, I've defended all the ones you mentioned in the past. It's that the plot was structured so that all of those happened in a compound fashion to basically always make her the one with the agency. &gt;She's a Palpatine. Her grandfather was one of the strongest force user ever, period. And she's part of the prophecised dyad. Did you watch TROS? This was a retcon outside of the context of TLJ. TLJ needs to be judged in its own scope. And even when it became a big part of TRoS, it didn't become a point of conflict/major consequence for Rey's development or struggle. The only time it did, it was undone (Chewie). &gt;Honestly Anakin and Luke achieved far higher feats than Rey. - That argument can be made (and I've made it) for super early Force use (Luke in Ep4, Anakin in Ep1), but not for few-days-through Force use (TLJ). - In those individual episodes, the other main characters were all still given major stuff to do. In Ep1, Anakin saves the space battle, but the two much more important battles are decided by Padme and Obi-Wan. In Ep4, Han is the brains behind most of the operations and saves Luke in the end. Leia at points takes over the escape plan, and has her entire plotline interacting with Vader and Tarkin and stalling them for most of the film before the heroes even encounter the villains for the first time. Once again, I think this was fine in the context of TFA, and before TLJ and TRoS I'd considered TFA my third favorite Star Wars movie. But a lot of this compounded asymmetrical agency due to unnaturally high power with the Force didn't end up going anywhere captivating IMO.
I...know. That's what /u/Bam_Undercover said. (Side note, in my most recent full rewatch, this exchange was one of the first that made me realize that the comedic writing and timing in S2 was *immediately* cuts above where it was in S1, even when it was originally quite good in S1.)
And you should! Personally, of the 100+ shows I've seen Kill la Kill girls are only matched in Best Girl caliber by those in Hibike! Euphonium.
On top of that, as /u/thebrandster1985 mentioned, Breath of the Wild *feels* really good to move and control in. It's the only Zelda game that feels as good as a Mario game to simply move around in.
&gt; collage of my favorites - Cowboy Bebop - Kill la Kill - Hibike! Euphonium - Hyouka - Monogatari - NGE Is it possible to have this much good taste in one place? Hell, only thing you're missing to line up incredibly close to me is A Silent Voice. EDIT: AND Gintama? Great list, really.
Yeah, even if we don't talk about Melee, shield dropping would make platform movement sooooo much smoother and allow for way less risky interaction below those platforms. Why it was removed in Ultimate when it was in every other Smash game is beyond me.
General Son of Odin
Mai is great but she's too...passive. She has edge but she loses so much of it after her first arc. But Senjougahara stays as sharp and witty as the razor blades she carries under her skirt for way more of Monogatari. Mai-san is a self-insert's wet dream, but Senjougahara is a way better character.
&gt;I don't really know why you bring melee into this when I don't see anyone in these responses referencing it, but to be fair, I do think defensive play is always rewarded more at lower levels and offensive play gets rewarded more as you increase your skill level. It's the opposite. Typically, Melee at the highest level is way more defensive than at the lower levels of competitive play. The two examples I brought up, Armada and Hax, bring up how at the highest of levels, the game gets *really* defensive and rewards it way more. The reason I brought up Melee is not necessarily to deflect off Ultimate (though it should be noted that Smash, in general, is an inherently defensive-favoring game. Even in Melee. Even in PM. Even in P+. And in Ultimate as well.). The reason I brought it up was because in your original comment, you noted how a top player of Ultimate (Marss) talked about how people should camp more, and the tone/motion of your argument seemed to imply it was a special case for Ultimate and not for the more aggressive Smash games. My point was to say that this isn't something unique to Ultimate--this is a common theme in *all* Smash games.
Hey guys, I've not been rewatching because I only watched it for the first time a few months ago. But I just wanna say, I've been waiting for this episode thread to say: Akio best anime dad and it's not even close.
The opening was at least a Top3 OP of that year.
&gt;Papa Shirogane is definitely the best dad ! He's great but nah, as long as Akio Furukawa (Clannad) exists no one else will ever claim that title.
Yeah IMO nothing really comes close to Akio Furukawa. Episode 22 of Clannad really cemented this to me, even when he was already at the top for me before that.
My favorite moment in Peridot's arc is when she watched the first episode of a soap opera repeatedly. And from that one episode she drew up "character compatibility charts" and went on an hour-long rant about why certain characters should be coupled with each other. Basically, an alien discovering the magical world of shipping. In general, SU was one of the best love letters to nerd culture I've seen in a show. Another one of my favorite episodes is when Connie was able to go on a rant about why the ending to her favorite book series betrayed the nature of the entire rest of it. And Steven, the innocent not-steeped-in-nerd-culture kid, is just, "IDK I thought it was cute."
Not right?
Ugh there's definitely a lot about Peridot and her mannerisms and her voice inflections that make you say, "Yep, that's definitely been me several times."
Young ladies, I rock ya
A good similar exploration of this (though executed even better IMO) is A Silent Voice's message about self-forgiveness and healing. Some people give the movie flak that the characters didn't really change dramatically by the movie's end, but that wasn't the point. The point was that their *attitudes* towards change evolved and opened up. A common theme is that change is hard and it doesn't happen overnight, but you can decide to try starting now. It's never too late. That's why a lot of the small actions taken towards the end are so important, even if they're subtle.
Heh, I mean that's an ice cold take IMO haha. Seasons 7-8 are definitely the most offensive, but both Seasons 5 and 6 were half-on and half-off. Cersei's arc reached a fantastic finale when she finally became queen...and then she had nothing else to do for two seasons. Same with Jon becoming King of the North. Dany's arc had the opposite problem where it wasn't done but they bum-rushed about 3 seasons-worth of development into about 3 episodes. Varys was forced to be killed off by him doing something stupid and *completely* out of character. Jaime had a great arc and then in order to continue it they decided to simply reverse it. Good times.
Aww I loved Lapis's development. It felt patient and real in so many ways. Yes it was never fully and completely resolved, but then again no one who goes through that kind of stuff has it completely healed and that's fine.
I actually thought it overall did a great job of pacing out its climaxes and development. Most characters have it happen over several episodes and even the conclusion to their arcs usually doesn't happen without at least a couple episodes for it to sink in. For me the only time it really flopped in this department was Season 5, when the diamonds especially were just rushed to hell and the filler episodes were super boring (when in Seasons 1.5-4 they were some of my favorite parts of the show).
That's a fair point actually. Her development was definitely centered around Jasper and Steven and Peridot even though it started initially with the three OGs. Still, the development around those other three were strong enough that I forgive that oversight. The show does skirt dangerously close to having everything revolve too much around Steve. This is saved by stuff like Pearl's interactions with Amethyst and Greg, Connie's relationship with her parents, Lapis's relationship with Peridot and Jasper, etc. Also, the fact that they not only focus on Steven's relationships with these people, but Rose's, so it ends up being &gt;!two meaningful character interactions in one by focusing on the duality!&lt;.
Yeah it definitely struck me as network hell more than anything, similar to a lot of Korra's issues in Seasons 1-2 (and budget issues with Season 4 leading to a clip show episode that was surprisingly well handled but still a clip show episode) with Nickelodeon.
That's a fair viewpoint, even if I disagree. I definitely don't think they were perfect, but I do think they were better than you make them out to be. At the very least, I don't think they were *bad* until the diamonds.
Maaaaan even as someone who *loves* Hibike Seasons 1 and 2 and Liz, I'm unsure why Chikai no Finale gets your vote. It's good, but it felt so rushed and when one of the main grabs of the main series is the patient and slow burn character writing and development, to have that so rushed feels so off.
While I'd love to, I'm both way too busy for that, and can't really give ultra-recency bias to a film no matter how good it is...
It's also important to note that it makes the missions where you *are* the main hero stand out even more. I can't remember most space sim missions I've done from other games, but I can remember very clearly most of the mission where you're a decoy doing a training mission and then suddenly the Admiral suspected of treason betrays you and your allies turn against you during a simple navigating-a-mine-field mission. You also get these crazy mission scenarios where you're put on an escort team for a frigate, and they can't afford better ships for you for that mission, so you have to do it in a dinky Tie Bomber. And this is after a bunch of arcs where they've slowly gotten you acclimated to these absolutely amazing ships like the Advanced and the Defender. Then BAM! Back to square one. But then your fundamentals are so much stronger at that point that they could demand so much more of you.
Oh damn you're right.
Well that part's about keeping the sense of tradition and culture strong. If the parents are of two different faiths, what does the family as a whole follow? Those are the kinds of questions that are tough to answer and tough to resolve, especially for kids caught in the middle of it, and it's something a lot of bachelors/bachelorettes would rather keep simple: not having to worry about it.
Yeah it's very much not a trivial thing. And it's why a lot of people who convert end up being way more involved practitioners in certain traditions and aspects of the culture than even many people who were born into it.
Depends on where someone is in their life. If someone's ready to only date seriously and look for people who'd be great to marry, and they know certain things would bar a certain level of seriousness, then it makes sense to not want to accidentally lead someone on.
Yeah but I love doing that. It's fun to get unnecessarily deep into the weeds sometimes lol. (Also you should probably get a cup for that, because I can't imagine a desk being a good container for holding beer.)
But Lucasarts doesn't deserve to be in the the top half of the meme either. Their last 5+ years of activity were awful. They didn't exactly die a hero, even if they had a heroic past. And that just lumps them in with the second half of the meme. EDIT: To people downvoting me, here are the most prominent games they made from 2008 to 2013 when they were closed: - The Force Unleashed - Considered one of the most hype but disappointing games that year. - Fracture - 62% on Metacritic - Three awful Clone Wars games - Two mediocre Battlefront games (Elite Squadron, Mobile Squadrons) - Kinect Star Wars - The Force Unleashed 2 - Angry Birds Star Wars I and II And that's basically it.
Ueno from A Silent Voice is the worst, but she's also a great character, in all fairness.
If Movie 3 was a season instead of a recap-style movie I would've been all over voting Kanade here. She's really great...but she was rushed.
Agreed with the vote for Kumiko. Vote Kumiko.
Funny enough, I liked her a lot *less* when I read the manga. [movie spoilers](/s "The movie did a lot to humanize her own struggles. More emphasis placed on her initial efforts to help Shouko. More emphasis placed on her jealousy of Sahara now keeping to it after she gave up. More emphasis on her struggles with the teacher. More emphasis on her actions later in the film to try to reluctantly reconcile.") [manga spoilers](/s "The manga just turned her into a borderline yandere driven by having a thing for Shouya motivating a lot of her action. Her crush on Shouya is in the movie too but a much more subtle motivator.") In general, I felt Naoka Ueno in the film was driven much more by the relatable themes of the film, and while manga Ueno had more fleshed out characteristics, most of those characteristics did more to make me uncomfortable with her than to humanize her. This also makes sense given both Oima's and Yamada's other works. Yamada's really damn good at humanizing almost any character in a work she directs, while Oima's really good at taking some standard tropes and writing them *really* well for driving plot [To Your Eternity Vols 1-6 spoiler](/s "Example: Hayase").
Nah they're really good, but Tomoyo Kurosawa has them beat by a country mile. Chika and Kaguya have super exaggerated and comical ones, but they're mostly only for comedic effect. Kumiko's have far more range and often do something super hard to do in any voice acting: feel like *real* sense of expression.
IMO Kill la Kill is way better. Also, one key area where Kill la Kill's staying power is especially stronger: the writing of its female characters. As anime becomes more mainstream and its fanbase more diversified, this keeps becoming more and more important.
I've never even seen JoJo and I'm 100% confident it will stay relevant.
Well, "really liking" something is a bit of a spectrum. And with BGS, I *really* like some parts (most of Mai's arc, portions of Nodoka's and Kaede's arcs), and was bummed about others (Mai's characterization and writing drops off a cliff outside of her main arc and part of Nodoka's, and I wasn't too hot on some of the other arcs). And very little of what I liked about the main show (fantastic dialogue writing, these great tugs-of-war between characters in 1-on-1 conversations, actual character growth that's not stolen away from them at the last moment, sometimes legit consequences, etc.) were completely gone from the movie. But a 7 on MAL for me is usually something with a good amount of things I like, but also at least a few reservations. For perspective on some other 7s on my MAL: - Demon Slayer - AoT S3 P1 - Amagi Brilliant Park - The Devil is a Part Timer - SAO First Season An 8 for me is something that's really solid all around but didn't go above and beyond for me. Or something that had a lot of special aspects for me but also some reservations. So AoT Season 2, Yuri On Ice, A Place Further Than The Universe, Kaguya S1, Nisemonogatari, etc. are some great examples. A 9 for me is something that goes above and beyond, is something a *love*, and where there are very few flaws or distractions for me. I can consistently *gush* about a show in my 9s. Kill la Kill, Mob Psycho 100 S1, Hibike Euphonium S1, Bakemonogatari, Clannad AS, NGE, Haruhi S1, and Nichjou (which is on the *high* end of my 9s to the point where I constantly debate putting it in my 10s), etc.. A 10 for me is something that's so good in my mind that if it has any flaws, I barely notice them if at all. We're talking Cowboy Bebop, Gintama, Hibike Euphonium S2, A Silent Voice, Porco Rosso, Haruhi Movie, Mob Psycho 100 S2, End of Eva, Princess Mononoke, etc. Hope that gives some perspective.
Narratively I give the edge *way* more to Kill la Kill. TTGL's first third is incredibly boring, and its first half has only a single episode where the heroes struggle hard to get anything done. Most of its villains are pushovers until the second half too. Kill la Kill, on the other hand, established stakes and threatening villains from a very early point, and just keeps getting better from there. Almost every one of its characters stays useful with agency and potency in a fight throughout the show. Thematically it's a toss-up. Both deal with very different themes and I really appreciate both's thematic layers, but neither of them are especially deep in this regard and I wouldn't call it the selling point of either. And while Kill la Kill's got way more fanservice, TTGL uses it way more as a crutch for terribly-written female characters than KlK which are a turn-off for many female viewers. Kill la Kill's female characters, on the other hand, are fantastically written and way more empowered with legitimately good character arcs that rival the best shounen MCs.
The ones I'm plugging today: - Asuka Tanaka - Hibike! Euphonium. Probably my favorite of the day, but not many of y'all have seen Hibike! and even fewer of you have seen season 2 and her arc in that - Eru Chitanda - Hyouka. Doesn't need much explanation honestly. - Yuuko Aioi - Nichijou. She's always suffering help her get the great seed she deserves - Yuuko Yoshikawa - Hibike! Euphonium. I wouldn't pit her to win this by any means, but her development from worst girl to great girl deserves some recognition - Karen Araragi - Monogatari Series. I really do think people underrate her a ton. She brings so much energy and power (and justice) to every scene she's in. And the toothbrush scene is iconic AF but it's the cherry on top to how much spice she adds to Nisemonogatari.
Hibike really does have way too many best girls. She's not gonna be doomed by the 5 character rule though--she'll be doomed by the fact that Hibike!'s not that popular in this sub lol. We'll be lucky if we even get 3 in (IMO, ranking for Hibike! girls goes 1. Kumiko 2. Asuka 3. Reina 4. Natsuki 5. A tie between Mizore, Nozomi, and Yuuko).
Oh I didn't know they got so many. That's already better than I expected.
It's really good but it's not like it can't be even better. I think that despite some of the great sakuga and great lighting in a lot of scenes, and the FANTASTIC voice acting they hired, there's more that could've been done in animating characters and scenes moment to moment outside of the sakuga. That's the kind of stuff KyoAni is really the only studio out there right now doing for TV series. Bones sometimes too (see: MP100).
I find White Fox to be exceptionally stiff in its character animation in most shows they do. Take Cautious Hero, for example. There were some hilarious stills and character faces and such. But most of the time characters were almost completely still in their cuts. Lighting and coloring of shots is also super average-to-mediocre. I'm currently watching Re:Zero and it's definitely the most visually appealing thing I've seen by them, but even it pales in comparison to most A-tier and S-tier animation series I've seen.
I'm kinda mixed on Cloverworks. On one hand, Fate/GO and The Promised Neverland both looked phenomenal. On the other hand, Bunny Girl Senpai looks incredibly flat compared to how I'd want Komi-san to look. Dreaming Girl was an even bigger disappointment in this regard, as it was after Cloverworks built their chops more and had a film budget and yet looked like it was on a TV budget.
Wii Fit was also quite good for what it was. But yeah I hear Ring Fit is much better.
Yes but that's like one 10 second moment in a 25 minute episode, and even if wasn't super fluid in its animation. It was whacky for sure, but it mostly was a loop of a handful of stills at a time.
Sure, but I'm far less concerned about number of ships (once I've hit a good enough number, at least) in my Star Wars sim and much more with depth of control in those ships. If this game has the same level of control as the old ones (which the Creative Director seemed to heavily imply), then we'll get more variety in flying one of these ships than we do in every ship available combined in almost every Star Wars game since X-Wing Alliance.
As an MKLeo fan and a Greninja main, I'd LOVE to see Leo play Greninja more. That was amazing.
Will this be the year where Ryuko actually has a shot at winning? No? Well, I'm gonna vote and campaign for her anyway because no way in hell Kumiko Omae is making it more than two rounds in. Same goes for Satsuki Kiryuin. Also, vote Phosphophyllite from Land of the Lustrous. And if you've never seen Land of the Lustrous, go watch it, then go vote for her. Also, vote Shouko Nishimiya from A Silent Voice. There are some others I voted for too, but those deserve special mention. Ryuko is not my *absolute* favorite in the running (though she's way up there), but amongst the typical frontrunners, it's not even close for me. Ryuko all the way.
You mentioned the "on a quest to destroy it" so I should add on that the ring gets stronger and intense the closer you get to Mount Doom in Mordor. Frodo was driving it right into the heart of Mordor, and once on the quest spent a majority of his time circling right outside and inside it. Smeagol also was driven out by his village after he killed his cousin, which forced him to live on his own and like a savage. So that decelerated his mental decline and attachment to the ring. Another explanation, out-of-universe, is that The Hobbit was originally written as a children's book where the rings of power concept wasn't a thing, and Tolkien modified parts of it when writing LOTR but couldn't overhaul the whole thing to suit the ring's more sinister nature.
Yep. In the movies, that 18 years passage doesn't really exist. In general something I feel the books handle way better than the movies is emphasize how these things happen over long periods of time and accurately reflect that passage of time.
OK that moment was great, but that's not even close to true. A Silent Voice executes it far better and it's not even close.
Agreed. It's doubly annoying when the adaptation is getting praised as a top-tier gold standard for anime adaptations, when for me it's perpetuating this idea that an adaptation doesn't have to stand on its own but instead only have to cater to OG source material fans. This isn't the first time this has happened. Don't get me wrong, I'm really enjoying the show. But it sometimes feels like manga readers are watching a completely different product, and that doesn't sit right with me.
Yeah, IMO they're very different ballparks. Kaguya-sama's moment had me going, "Awww that's really sweet and a nice ode to A Silent Voice!" And A Silent Voice has me tearing up on almost every rewatch. Even listening to lit(var) alone does that to me sometimes.
Yep, which is why it was smart that they flat-out didn't have one in the film. It's one of those situations where deviation in details really aids an adaptation. Lord of the Rings is a great adaptation precisely because it deviates in ways that may not be strictly *better*, but are almost always better for the medium at hand.
True. We did still get the full ED though. Both Re:Zero and Violet Evergarden proved you don't have to stop at just cutting one.
The movie's alright but definitely my least favorite arc of the bunch. I was personally very disappointed in it. But apparently I'm in the minority.
It came down to a number of pieces for me. - I really enjoyed the main BGS, but a lot of my enjoyment got dampened after (a) it settled in how much of huge self-insert Sakuta is, and how much most of the girls fall into very wish fulfillment best girl roles, (b) I realized that Mai, the best part of the show hands down, would mostly appear only in a watered down version after her first arc with only a few exception, and (c) I watched the inspirations (Monogatari, Clannad, etc., and even some stuff like Kaguya-sama for character design), noticed how much of heavily BGS was copying, and that the originals were doing it better in most cases. However, one thing even on rewatch and even in retrospect I still *really* enjoyed from the main series was the dialogue. The whole tug-of-war nature of the 1-on-1 conversations in BGS was really fun and it was really cute to see characters just constantly try to sweep the rug up from underneath each other whenever possible. That was all but completely gone in Dreaming Girl. I was shocked that almost none of the movie had any interesting dialogue sequences like that. Even all of the past characters except for Mai appeared as no more than cameos, without most of the qualities that made them interesting and fun in the main series. And Mai, while fine, was mostly just her watered-down self, not the one that really shone in the first three episodes of the show. So the piece that was the real grabbing point in the original, even after everything else kinda washed away, was all-but completely gone in Dreaming Girl. - The animation in the original series was...serviceable I guess. Nothing standout, no interesting character designs (the most visually striking part of the show was Mai's bangs), but nothing awful either. I was hoping that on a movie budget, with movie runtime, and the fact that Cloverworks got *real good* when making Promised Neverland and Fate GO, that Dreaming Girl would look at least somewhat better than the original. But it didn't, and many scenes were even flatter than I remembered many pivotal scenes of the main series being. - As a result of most of that juicy dialogue being gone and no interesting animation to carry it either, the movie ended up being *incredibly* boring to watch for me. I've seen movies that are 3.5 hours long that feel like 90 minutes because of how engrossing and tight they are. BGS as a series felt pretty well paced too because of its great dialogue and character interactions. Dreaming Girl, on the other hand, was a 90 minute movie that felt like 3 hours and I kept checking the clock because I could've sworn the movie's duration must've passed by that point. - Spoiler territory: &gt;!The final time travel and redo completely robbed Sakuta of any actual character development. He was supposed to actually learn something about self-sacrifice, but instead he just ends up being robbed by an older version of himself and so the present version of himself just goes about...being exactly the same stubborn and unhealthily self-destructive. I was shocked that the movie had focused so much on how detrimental his outlook on stuff was, then pretended that it was solved with the ending.!&lt; - Spoiler territory: &gt;!Also, the Makinohara now actually living thing is just weird and also robs the movie of lasting consequences or sense of sacrifice. It's also just plain weird...was it now implying that her not doing her homework was the reason for her heart disease? Or that finishing it suddenly created a miracle so that terminal heart disease just goes away by itself? Either way, it robs the meaning of the Sakuta's necessity to grow, because the whole time this sacrifice was simply where they shouldn't have been looking and really they should have been looking at the homework the whole time.!&lt; Anyway, those are my problems. Hope that makes sense.
Well, not exactly. I was refuting the point claiming they were even comparable. I personally think they're leagues different in quality, even if Kaguya-sama is strong. And if we're talking pure animation quality, they are not even close to the same level. Simply comparing doesn't prove the quality of the show, especially when one is almost deliberately copying the other. Of course they're gonna be compared when that happens. But that doesn't automatically prove they're of comparable quality.
Even the original mangaka really likes FMA's ending. I definitely wouldn't say "badly".
I completely forgot about that one, but you're right, that's one of the best too.
I mean hey I'll take that as a compliment in this scenario lol.
Clannad, if you count After Story as part of the series as a whole, might be something you like. It does take a while for them to get together but then spends a huge chunk of the series with them together as well.
It's ridiculous how well you made Byleth fit as Reigen. Awesome job!
I've said this time and time again: it's one of KyoAni's least visually impressive shows and yet it still puts 99% of seasonals to shame. Hell I'd argue it looks better than every show this season except maybe ToG. It's also one of KyoAni's shortest shows and still one of the most memorable seasonal comedies I've seen.
Either you've mentioned this to me before, or you're not the first person to say this to me. Either way, it's pushing that game way up on my queue.
Two different reviewers. And 4/10 is not completely outlandish for W101--it's a VERY inconsistent and frustrating game.
Halo 2's story is great but it's debatable whether or not it's better than Halo 1's. At least if we're talking campaign-as-a-whole, I'd rank the trilogy Halo 1 &gt;= Halo 3 &gt;&gt; Halo 2.
I do have to give credit to Halo 2 for building up and establishing a lot of plot threads that get resolved in 3. At the same time, from a gameplay perspective, it was very messy. I played them all consecutively on Heroic, and while 1 and 3 felt just right as very challenging but not BS and giving me the freedom to approach my way, 2 was full of BS that forced me to take unfun strategies and hope to get lucky in order to finish. Those Brute Shots that will two shot you and have near-perfect aim so you just have to keep camping and peeking out and poking against hordes of brutes. Some of the big warzone moments where you have to drive through huge hordes of enemies and just do trial and error for the path of least resistance that's not at all telegraphed, some relatively uninspiring boss fights, that really weird cliffhanger (and I got to play Halo 3 almost immediately after and that cliffhanger was weird lol)... So I definitely hear you about all the moments and story threads that were built up, because that was great. But at the same time, so did Halo 1 and 3. What really sets it back for me is how sloppy the gameplay is a lot of the time though. I really dig all three campaigns, but 1 and 3 are two of my favorite shooter campaigns of all time (Halo 1 might be my very top in this regard), while Halo 2 is "only" amazing.
Like I said, I think it'd be near impossible. There are far too many mechanics to have to work with to make the psychic combat work, and visually it'd be near impossible to realize in a dynamic way. Hell, I shudder to imagine how they animated it so often (it's easily the most gorgeous animated series I've seen outside of a couple of KyoAni's works).
Also two different reviewers, and reviewing the game around 8 years apart.
I guarantee most of those people haven't even played TLOU2. And have nostalgia goggles binded on themselves regarding BFBB.
Yeah it's kinda insane. Yes, it's not their biggest cash cow (that'd be Spongebob, despite that show being waaaaaay past its prime), but when it's near universally considered the best TV show ever put on Nickelodeon, those respectability points matter.
Oh it was definitely an ode to A Silent Voice, and a really good one at that. It didn't have me tearing up like A Silent Voice's moment did the second time (or the third time...or the fourth time...basically almost every time I watched A Silent Voice after my first watch I'd cry during that finale), but it was definitely really great.
IMO Kaguya wouldn't see too much of a drop, Ryuko would see a rise, and the KonoSuna girls would drop a bit. The BGS girls and the ReZero girls IMO would see the biggest drop. Basically, all the girls who are kinda idealized waifus without too much else to them.
I like it but also it's honestly relatively generic. Though the dialogue is really good for the most part. This sub tends to overrate it because it's full of cute waifus but whatever. Depending on what else is near the top of your watch list is recommend it or put it on hold. Hell, there are like 6 shows from 2018 alone I think deserve higher priority. What else is on your queue?
Damn, you share quite a few 10s with me! A Silent Voice, Mob Psycho 100 II, Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya, and Cowboy Bebop are all in my 10 too. Monogatari Second Season would be too were it not for one arc in there I really dislike.
Out of 103 entries, 12 of them are 10/10. Three of those are different series of Gintama: - Gintama - Gintama' - Gintama': Enchousen (I haven't watched past there yet.) Three of them are Ghibli films: - Spirited Away - Princess Mononoke - Porco Rosso Three of them are KyoAni: - A Silent Voice - Hibike! Euphonium Season 2 - The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya And the rest are: - Cowboy Bebop - End of Evangelion - Mob Psycho 100 II
&gt;Ryuko and Mako from Kill la Kill Don't forget Satsuki! But yeah the KlK girls are all fantastically written, and it's in large part *because* they take such a large amount of roles while also all having such large degrees of agency and importance over the plot. It still shocks me to this day that it's by the creators of Gurren Lagann, because despite how much I dig that show, the female characters in it *suuuuuuuck* as interesting, compelling characters. Mostly there only as romantic interests with fanservice- and waifu-bait while the guys kinda take center-stage. That kinda got flipped completely on its head in KlK. The whole thing's like a genderswapped shounen and shows it can be just as good if not better than all those shounen adventure shows (yes technically it's seinen but the plot structure follows the standard shounen adventure model to a T except dialed up to an 11). &gt;Also Hange Zoe from Attack on Titan. This is a tough one for me because while I do like her a lot more than a lot of the waifu-like characters in a lot of shows, in general I consider the AoT characters kinda bland save for a few. But that goes for both the guys and the girls in that show, so I do agree that if anyone would rise up, it'd be Hange. &gt;girls like Olivier Armstrong would be much higher, Agreed, I also think Winry would be a bit lower.
Well what do you consider average isekai? Because "pretty good isekai" is relative. For me, as far as the ones I've been exposed to (where anything above average is stuff like ReZero, KonoSuba, SAO, Slime, maaaaybe Shield Hero, Log Horizon, Devil is a Part Timer, and part of Overlord. Below average is stuff like other parts of Overlord, Mom Isekai, Smartphone, Arifureta, maaaaaaybe Shield Hero, and Kenja no Mago), Cautious Hero is basically smack down the middle of those. It's got a lot of good stuff, but it didn't really go above and beyond in any way and I had my fair share of qualms with it too. EDIT: Also, me calling it "above average Isekai" is actually very similar if not identical to your "pretty good isekai".
I mentioned in another comment [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/hefxkj/hes_been_badly_injured_shinchou_yuusha/fvsfx8b/), but if I were to catalogue what I consider above and below average isekai, Cautious Hero is kinda smack down the middle. Of the ones I've seen a lot of (though not finished all of them admittedly), I think ReZero, KonoSuba, SAO (mostly), and Devil is a Part Timer are all easily better than it. I enjoyed Cautious Hero, but there were also a bunch of limiting factors for me and also some stuff that definitely bugged me a ton along the way.
That dumpster fire that has a 95 on Metacritic and just about every non-corporate reviewer really loving too? Or are you just going by the Metacritic Userscore which was 3.5 after the first day just because a bunch of people review bombed it before they could they could even buy it lol? Where over 35k 0s were in before you could feasibly get halfway into the game?
Same here! At least, favorite anime series (movie is another conversation).
Damn, I'm sorry to hear that, but I have confidence you'll get through it! Do you find that A Silent Voice feels like a relatable representation of the issues you deal with? I've heard a lot of praise in that specific aspect. One of my favorite parts of it is how the film (the manga too but the film really accentuates it with its special use of soundtrack and visual body language) reflects what it means to communicate with each other, and what it means to take for granted the means by which we do it.
Oh you dropped After Story before it really takes its steps to become an all-time favorite. The first several episodes of AS are essentially Clannad'.
Sounds like he dropped before the point where people adore AS more.
And there's no way he played the whole game in 3 days before calling it a dumpster fire.
Yakone was actually able to do most of it without a single face movement though. Yes at first his eye twitched but that was it. Bumi didn't just move his face, he jerked his whole head up and with the general body movement an earthbenders would do in most other situations. And that was just to move some small bits of Earth. Yakone was able to bloodbend an entire trial room with out any continuous movements.
Yeah this show was kinda impossible to dub and the fact that the dub came out as good as it did speaks to the consistency of Funimation dubs.
The octopus fluff! With a really beautiful and relatable arc! Vote Kumiko!
I dunno, for me the best part of TLOU was how perfectly married the story and gameplay experiences were. The gameplay wasn't perfect, but its design was so clearly based on being mostly non-intrusive and aiding immersion for the tone and atmosphere of the story. So many story-driven games I feel have gameplay that goes for these false senses of realism that are so distracting because they're boring or uninvolved. But TLOU clearly worked on a game design level too, and that actually makes it far more immersive than most others.
I've definitely not been seeing that. I just looked up the reviews of several of the most prominent independent reviewers, and they're anywhere from very positive to mixed. Even Dunkey, who was very critical of the original game, was exceedingly positive. The gameplay has on most counts been considered fantastic, and I've definitely seen a lot note a lot of little details that make it so much more alive and strong in the gameplay than the last one--and TLOU1 was already very strong in the gameplay department. &gt;And that the story is, simply put, a lazy revenge story without the emotional payoff at the end. This I've heard very mixed things on, but mostly have been positive. I need to play it myself to find out (my copy comes tomorrow), but most people have been basing that off of seeing one spoiler ahead of time without context of what came before it. Besides, "lazy revenge story" doesn't really tell me anything--plenty of the best stories told have been super straightforward and not-much-effort-put-into-it revenge stories. Hell, Mass Effect 2's main plotline is often considered generic and flat, but that's not even close to the draw of its story.
Well Persona 5 Royal is an extended version of a game that came out 3 years ago, so I wouldn't count that. Alyx looks fantastic and is probably gonna take many GOTY awards, but needing a full VR setup does bar its accessibility. FF7 Remake is getting WAY more polarizing response than TLOU2 amongst people who have actually finished it. The worst things I've heard about TLOU2 from people who have played it is that its story falls flat or that its gameplay is strong but doesn't do enough over the first game. The worst things I've heard about FF7 Remake is that it adds a ton of BS to the original's classic story to make it Kingdom Hearts nonsense, and that the gameplay is filled with absurd amounts of filler around a great combat system. I'm not too hot on Jim Sterling's reviews. Sometimes he recognizes good stuff but he's also extremely close-minded with some of his views and I still think his BotW review is mostly BS (and that's after reading the whole thing, not just from the 7/10. I think he genuinely missed so many of the points of the game and was flat-out inaccurate on a few too). I'm not gonna watch any detailed review of the game until after I play it. Didn't even watch Dunkey's. Even Critikal's wasn't that negative. A 55% is not great but not that bad on his scale compared to how lowly he'll rate things he genuinely dislikes.
That makes sense if you rewatch the ending standalone. But I rewatched the ending after rewatching the whole series, and it actually became *less* deus ex machina on each go-around. It may seem like it comes out of left field, but rewatching the series it becomes apparently how often they're continuously converging onto the concept of energybending. As the show progresses, the philosophy and methodology to bending gets expanded upon, and as that happens it becomes revealed that the elemental bending is merely a projection of deeper spiritual and energy manipulation. This is especially explored in The Siege of the North, Bitter Work, The Firebending Masters, The Guru, and The Puppetmaster. The Lion Turtle and Energybending aren't completely out of left field in that context. They're just the final missing puzzle piece.
But my entire point was that energybending *was* led up to. You don't have to have it explicitly mentioned or referenced beforehand to foreshadow and build up to it, because the show instead takes the route of gradually stripping off the projected nature of the elements. Yes, the Lion Turtle wasn't directly led up to but it was the least important part of that turning point--what the Lion Turtle introduced was. &gt;There is so much emphasis through all 3 seasons about how Aang is going to have to get over his naivety and make a decisive decision about how to handle the Fire Lord, even when he's on the lion turtles back as he's talking to his past lives. But this is a common misconception regarding his arc. His arc was never about sacrificing his own ideals for the good of the world. It was about aligning his behaviors and reservations with his ideals that were established from the beginning but belied how he actually behaved.
You're missing the point of the references in The Guru and how it relates to the others. The Guru episode pointed to how what people generally recognize as the elements isn't always what they seem and that everything is connected on a deeper level--its example being metal. The Puppetmaster and The Runaway further established the notion of manipulation of water wherever it lies, even out of thin air. The Siege of the North showed how the spirits can grant bending and manipulation of the physical world even when people's normal connections fail, implying that there is a strong spiritual connection to bending (this also comes through with how bending cannot be done when passing into the spirit world through normal means). Bitter Work established that firebending at its core nature is a manipulation of pure energy, not just fire--fire is just the most accessible form. The Firebending Masters established the connection of bending to spiritual and emotional drive, and how a severance of that connection cuts off the ability to bend. The connections, especially in Bitter Work and The Firebending Masters, are most important. But these concepts are hinted as early as The Deserter, The King of Omashu, and Winter Solstice Part 1. &gt;a core of the plot is how Aang has to make a decision about how to handle Ozai and whether to kill or not kill That projection of it only came up in the last few episodes. Before that, the core of the plot was not about that--it was about how Aang is going to restore balance to the world, even if he can defeat the Firelord. Slaying the Firelord is something that would interfere with that balance as well according to the airbender philosophies. &gt;A deus ex machina means that it had no build up or actual foreshadowing and is a solution that conveniently comes into play to give a kind of happy ending Well I've been trying to point you to exactly that in the previous almost 3 seasons. It's got buildup, foreshadowing, and relates directly to Aang's core plot. Not just the issue that surfaced in the last few episodes.
Storywise, I can see. And the animation is fantastic no doubt. But best is a bit interesting to me--I can think of at least a couple shows almost every year and AoT season came out that had better animation personally. (Maybe not for 2013, but Made in Abyss and Land of the Lustrous in 2017, Violet Evergarden in 2018, Demon Slayer and Mob Psycho 100 in 2019).
The virgin other shows: beach episode for 22 minutes of straight fanservice. The Chad ATLA: beach episode containing some of the best character development in any single episode of animation ever.
It should be noted that while he show looks SUPERB during its sakuga, the rest of the show is no slouch either. Dialogue and landscape scenes are often super animated and heavy in character as well, and the shot composition is often fantastic. It's not like other shows where sakuga is one of the few moments where characters aren't just mouth-flapping.
Vote Phos and Asuka Tanaka, you cowards!
After watching enough isekai and trashy seasonal shows, I can confidently say that while Kirito is kinda bland, he's not nearly the worst out there. Not even close.
Neat. Good to know. Still deciding whether I'll watch after this season. Right now I'm kinda...meh on the show? I actually still like Subaru overall--I kinda hate most of the others right now though. Emilia is one of the most pandering waifu-bait characters I've seen in an anime in a while, and I really hate how she feels more like a plot device than an actual character. I also don't like how inconsistent the animation is. Once in a while the sakuga is SO good, but then like 90% of the time the show looks bland af. I'm still gonna finish the season though.
I mean, Subaru does act semi-brain dead in a lot of scenarios so it wouldn't be too far off lol. Either way, it definitely hasn't felt natural to me. Even when you're told exactly what you did wrong getting it right is hardly ever as simple as doing the exact opposite. There are definitely plenty of conversations too that he nailed on his first try.
Yeah, not factoring in how other countries are doing, the US is doing such a terrible job wearing masks. I'm in one of the most mask-heavy places in the US and even here a surprising amount of the time people can't be bothered to wear their mask over their damn nose. It's so stupid.
Well I gotta admit, this definitely grabbed my attention. Not knowing anything else about it, I might have to give it a watch.
&gt;Mako vs. Yuuko in Round 2 &gt;Faye vs. Mio in Round 2 GOD DAMMIT all four are some of my favorites in this contest! I gotta go with Yuuko and Faye though.
Behold the chad KyoAni, literally putting top tier Bones-quality fight animation into slice of life shows. And more frequently too. The full sequence this is from legit looks just about as good as my favorite Bones fight (Mob Psycho 100, Shimizaki vs. Everyone).
Varrick was phenomenal and absolutely carried Season 2 too.
Alternative opinion: I found the movie extremely disappointing as someone who really enjoyed the show, and it was easily my least favorite arc from the series.
They're definitely up there way higher than I would've liked, but I did really enjoy the KonoSuba movie even as someone who's not much a fan of the show. Rascal Does Not Dream of a Dreaming Girl...not as much.
Agreed. I like first season, don't like second season, but I really dug the movie.
I *really* would have liked to see Porco Rosso on this list. It's my third favorite Ghibli movie, only behind Spirited Away and Princess Mononoke.
To me the main series NGE is absolutely a must-watch. And when you watch that show...you can't just leave it at Episodes 25 and 26 and *not* watch EoE.
Welp...so close and yet so far.
I am *extremely* mixed on Emma and Yuki. That's not an easy matchup. I think Emma is a fantastic MC and does a job that's usually relegated to screaming male MCs and does it better than them. Yuki is iconic and her development in Disappearance is also fantastic. It's gonna go to Emma, but I have no idea which I'll pick. Maybe I'll pick Yuki to contest it a bit. I will, however, rage when Sasha beats Reina, and then when Sasha beats Kobayashi, and then when Hayasaka beats Kumiko.
&gt; the Bunny Girl Senpai movie ending felt a lot more complete to me. Interesting, because the ending to the BGS movie is probably my least favorite part of the whole thing. [spoiler](/s "It was a fantastic way of completely robbing Sakuta of learning anything, and then on top of that completely rob the film of any meaningful consequences that were built up.")
The Four Devas Arc? I haven't gone past Gintama': Enchousen yet but 100% would put that up there for me as well.
Aside from their talent and passion for their craft and looking to real-world cinematography and direction for inspiration, a big piece of it is that they take their time and pay their employees well. They pay them salaries so they're way less focused on getting more frames out, and instead get to focus on making all those frames they work on super good looking. That's why even KyoAni's shows with fewer key frames (take much of Violet Evergarden, for example, though should be noted that it still has far more key frames than most seasonals out there), what is shown always looks so damn good that it hardly matters.
Late last year they announced Season 3 (post-arson), so it's actually probable!
Interestingly enough, while the side cast did get some more focus, Shirogane and Shinomiya didn't necessarily go out of the spotlight--they were still the focus for a LOT of it. I just didn't enjoy their premise in it nearly as much as first season until some of the stuff in the season's back half.
&gt; I think you didn't really pay attention to what happened in S1E12, Here's the thing about this: yes, that's technically an indicator of progress, but that's not the good kind of progress if it actively blunts the aspects of her character that were so enjoyable in the first season. Solo Bakaguya is plain not that interesting of a character in the show. An explanation for why she's worse in this season doesn't excuse it. It's funny how Hayasaka mentioned towards the back half of the season that her doing the hand thing is the first time she's respected Kaguya in a while. Because that's almost poking fun at the fact that Kaguya *was* a less interesting MC for most of S2.
Yep it's true. I don't know if it would be totally doomed, but that is a MAJOR hindrance if so. There's also a difference in priorities. Hibike! is one of KyoAni's most popular franchises in Japan, and the way the movie left off, you can't NOT finish off the whole show with a final year. Dragon Maid, even without a second season, would've still left off on a satisfying note.
I'm 15 episodes through right now but I'm sitting between a 6/10 and 7/10. Definitely on track to finish within the next week or two (I usually watch an episode a day). It's got some great moments, but a combination of poorly written female characters, a lot of bland stretches of nothingness, and incredibly flat animation 90% of the time (though the sakuga is pretty sometimes, I have not had a single scene of animation *really* impress me since episode 3 or 4) definitely dampen my enjoyment. It's also hard for me to feel emotion when something happens to a character when it can all be rebooted at any time. [15 episodes through spoilers](/s "Something that could've helped this a lot was have, even perhaps early on, a situation where rebooting goes *past* a point of someone's death, or where no matter what happens a certain character will inevitably die. This would raise the stakes IMMENSELY and not make me feel...nothing when Rem and Ram and Emilia die for the upteenth time.") Xenoblade Chronicles and Fire Emblem Three Houses do similar things and it works wonders.
Sitting between an 8 or a 9 out of 10. I think in the moment my enjoyment and appreciation was an 8 out of 10, but whenever I think back on the series it's even more positive and it makes me reconsider it as a 9.
7/10. Beautiful animation, outstanding music. The main cast is...fine? Tanjiro's alright, Nezuko's fun. Zenitsu sucks though. Inosuke is fun but not amazing. What really brought down my enjoyment though where a couple major overdone shounen tropes: - Waaaaaaaay too much monologuing during fight scenes. The fights would be awesome and epic, then would slow down to a grinding halt where a 2-5 minute fight would be stretched to a full 25-minute episode because Tanjiro can't stop narrating every little thing he's doing. - Those last-minute villain backstories that seem to run counter to every aspect of their behavior that was just established. This worked really well for a couple of the villains, but for a lot of them they felt flat-out cheap. And overdone. When it hit a definitive pattern, it became really hard to care after the fourth or fifth one.
Man, all of those other reviewers are missing out. 9/10 for me. And every once in a while I think back on it and reconsider it as a 10/10. Incredibly relatable. Stunning animation. Fantastic main cast in Yuuko, Mio, Mai, and the Shinonomes. Sketches vary in quality but I can't recall a single *bad* one, and every episode had at least one 10/10 sketch. My second favorite comedy anime, only behind Gintama, which is a solid 10/10 for me.
7/10, maybe 8/10. The bad: - Characters continuously get shafted and sidelined. Yoko Littner? Sidelined. The four generals? Sidelined. Rossiu? Sidelined. Most characters besides Simon? Sidelined. - Much of the first half except for one episode gets kinda boring because it's just nonstop effortless winning. - The female characters are incredibly poorly written. Either they're fanservice bait like Yoko, or they're waifu bait like Nia. The good: - Pretty much everything else.
8/10 not generally my kind of show, but I still really enjoyed it and recognize its excellence.
First season? 9/10 Second season? 10/10
I've actually grown to appreciate it more over time. Some of its jokes may appear "xd random", but so much of it is super anime-style over-exaggeration of super relatable real-life events. That's why some of the most iconic moments are when the dogs bite Yuuko and Mai, or when Yuuko turns her pencil upside down accidentally and pokes herself. Or when Yuuko goes to a coffee shop. Or when Yuuko and Mai are working desperately to stop food from falling to the ground.
The thing about Promare is that while the plot is definitely there, it's not the main focus. The focus is the art, the fights, the music, and yelling, and the hype. The plot's there to be just good enough to add the right amount of stakes.
KlK definitely has a great finale. Not *amazing*, but quite great. And if we're counting movies like Promare, the finale to that is epic af.
Ahh gotcha. Yeah hard to tell sometimes, because some of the top MAL reviews for Promare (and MAL reviews are cancer and toxic, I know, but it still helps to constantly deride them as such) do actually give it super low scores because of the plot being simple and surface-level, and I just get confounded because they went in looking for a completely different film to the point where they completely ignored what it *actually* focused on...
