That's a lot of feelings for Meghan Trainor
I've received it a couple times, one of those times I didn't even get bios from it lmao but the others you get a good chunk of bios. It's understandably rare, but then again it feels like anything above blue is really rare lol
nop, different servers and they become different accounts
This is bizarre, give them entire body pics wtf lol
I'd like to keep my totodile pls
...and then Courtney walks in
"Find out who Naivesmalls is, get cast!" , "Cancel Willam for good, get cast!" , "Stop sending racist shit to queens, get cast!" Not sure ppl would be up for those challenges
he basically said he loves Trixie but it was Shangela who should had been there and that he didn't count on the other queens being so vindictive. Honestly it was just saving face and throwing everyone under the bus while driving it
Katya explaining to her mom her plan for the final runway is to be a Russian Prostitute + a country mom, and her mom asking which one she is going to be is still the highlight of AS2 for me
i laughed so hard at this omg
"Ru: The loser of the lipsync will eliminate the bitch" *Monet/Naomi lipsync and have Val's lipstick. * "Ru: Congratulations! you both did an amazing job and double win! no one goes home!"
oh i was just joking, but i dunno what they have planned. Maybe ru actually judges, which would be shocking
, next
Yeah no. Why would he even mention trixie saying "I love trixie, she is a superstar...". when he didn't have to. Could just given his bitter queens bit and let it be. Either way it was totally just lying off his ass as if he cared who won
so is this in addition to the 2 summon tix they said they would send initially?
You are wasting your time posting this stuff here, go to mobirum. They don't read reddit
I've never seen that before and now idk what's the front and what's the back of the skin
apparently rupaul cursed her the house down after the "I'd like to keep it on" and was really upset, so I think she could had pulled flaming chainsaws and dived through rings on fire and she would had still been eliminated and just made to look bad
So let's say: Jasmine vs Trinity Farrah vs Valentina Gia vs Manila Latrice vs Monet So what happens with Monique and Naomi? Or any 2 queens that didn't send someone home/get paired with an eliminated queen. Wonder how that goes.
I mean after Ginger, I don't think it was necessarily meant in a bad way.
There's real issues with the kickbot, there's exaggerated issues, there's faked outbursts and there's people doing their best to make others believe in their right to be offensive to others. Honestly it's a shitshow and I hope DE can weed out from some of the horrible "complaints" I have seen and can actually fix the real issues some people are raising.
I love how easily she can cap most of the offensive stats
Thanks for this, I managed to sub 20 it with this. Was originally using OK + Aerith but if I wasn't fast enough with commands on the first 8 sec, I'd die so it would result in a lot of S/L. With this, it always works out and it's still sub 20. The only different things I did was Rikku isn't LD and using her BSB Machinations (also has water imperil) instead of USB2 since I don't have it. I think I'm managing to sub 20 because I'm using 4 magecite with max inheritance, so Geo hits for a lot of dmg. In the end it turns out the +crit isn't that great because Tidus/Bartz are capping dmg early on because of the chain, and by the time ASBs come out the chain is already at 200+ so it caps dmg anyway.
I think Jush will be fine and Gia will just be nodding to things other say
Farrah about to get BLOCK'D
I mean she is one of the queens to have gotten the most out of Drag Race, so it makes sense she is grateful and not necessarily into the idea of going in for her lack of promo look lol Trinity also seemed displeased at what was going on, altho probably for other reasons haha
To be fair, this year had a season with a contestant fully living their Game of Thrones fantasy
a slutty santa
it is your problematic ass thirsty for drama, in the live Monique did she talked very nice of Trinity while making jokes about her. But i think those 2 actually got close, and it was just Monique being Monique in the interview lol
Wish they had done lipsync Jinkx and Shark Week Katya! Praying to the gay gods for S8 Winner Violet
lol Val was actually losing it
I think Cap and Sharon are the "must haves" currently, mainly cause Cap can go Female for ABX and Sharon is well, OP. DP and Thor are great but not necessarily needed as Thor t2 can do just fine in PVP and ABX. And there's quicksilver if you don't have the resources for DP. I have all T3s except BP and Antman, which I don't really think are worthwhile. Not that BP is bad, just not really needed if you already got cap. And others will disagree, but I don't find Spidey all that great. Unfortunately Iron Man is Blast, and that's just a packed category.
I'm just gonna pull on VI and IX and save the rest till after fest
omg Latrice &amp; Trinity
she hooked her up with designers and choosing outfits for s8, they have been friends for a while. So I'm excited to see that dynamic in AS4
I feel like that's the evolution of the snuggie, something you can wear to a dinner party and then pass out on the streets in it
I mean her shtick is literally telling jokes about how her uncle raped her as a child so the surprising thing was people acting like it was news, not to mention Bob still singing praises about her and saying much worse jokes herself. And I'm not defending Bianca, but I think the backlash about those comments has been greatly exaggerated cause it hasn't hurt her one bit.
I disagree since she's toured with everyone and queens just praise her so much about how nice she actually is, how she does shows for free on her hometown bar etc. I'm not even here for Bianca, but that's literally all people say about Bianca, how nice she is and how she always shares her space with others. Not to mention having the respect, praises and friendship of queens like Lady Bunny, Coco Peru etc.
I went to the sub and someone compared her to Hilary Swank and now I can't unsee it...
delta just said its not Farrah, so I think like Farrah, Delta is being a messy drunk
I honestly don't see how Dr Strange is stronger than Emma with costume at this point, and that includes WBU, Giant Boss, PVP etc. And Stryfe should be bumped up imo
yea, Emma 70 can deal so much damage in ABX but is never going to be used when Scarlet and Jean exist and now Sharon who is much easier to obtain. But she decimates Ebony Maw, and is also great vs BD. Not to mention how good she is in PVP, but again, there's just other easier to obtain heroes.
Yep Time Freeze is so bleh now and if you aren't blocking CC with Jean/Angel/Stryfe lead or something else, you are already hurting your team as it is. So he has even less ground in PVP now, and his damage is just not up to par for high level gameplay in PVE
Why? because time freeze is bleh on PVE that matters and PVP you are running characters like Jean/Stryfe/Angel on lead, or some other form of cc block. DP,Spdey,QS,Jean,Emma,SW,Thanos,WS,Psylocke,Cap,Apoc defeat things faster and with much more ease than strange. And again, for PVE there's just little to no reason to keep using Strange if you have others
Wow this one didn't see coming, Crystal Chronicles and this are massive nostalgia games for me! Can't wait!
y'all acting brand new when Kenny was scalping Ru and the show during and after s7, but Pearl's one line of drama gets so much notoriety. Not to mention Willam constantly regurgitating the s4 drama and yet she was willing to do AS1 until they cancelled her on it, but was still willing to do AS2... and AS3... and now just does it to make sure that's not even a possibility.
Valentina as Selena and then twirling for the Variety show lmao, i live. Also seems like she was high on that episode and probably got a good critic which made her cry? Then they totally spoiled Farrah talking to someone asking to stay, which is I'm guessing ep2.
maybe it's for "introductions"? like the extra vids we got of the AS3 queens doing an interview in-character? And this time they will show them before the panel begins?
OMG this is amazing.
lmao why is michelle green screened in
"I know and I’m over it. Because I sit silently People think they can just treat me anyway." When has Eureka ever sit silently? She is up there with Aja in the lack of self awareness, geez these black queens are so messy.
I mean it's unfortunate she is using this person as an example, but like, if you compare some things. Shawn Mendes just had a big magazine interview that barely got him in hot water for some of the dumb stuff he said about being gay. Then his racist tweets were exposed, and nothing happened. In fact you still had white gays like Tyler Oakley flooding his insta with how proud they are of him. So sure, if you take out the fact that kevin hart is a pos whose homophic tweets are the least problematic thing about him, then yea she is sort of making a point. But like, she needs to really work on the delivery because he is not the one to defend and the situation is more than just what he said. He could had apologized and kept it going, but had to make that dumb as shit video where he blamed everyone but himself.
I didn't say he was homophobic but: "I was like, ‘Fuck, why did I let her post that?’ I just fed the fire that I’m terrified of.”" Talking about walking up in sweats over the gay stuff, and freaking out while watching the Simon movie is just too dumb, and relating it back to the whole gay thing is annoying. It's not ok that gays do that stuff to him and others but there's been others like Nick Jonas, and Zac Efron who had the rumors follow them around since they were young that expressed themselves in a much better manner.
i mean which billboard pride video :P
lmao I love those 2 but it doesn't even look like Val was looking at Trinity. Probably a mirror placed that way.
Tati about to get her phone leaked part 2
That's pretty big news, cause rights aside Marvel was adamant on not even displaying the F4 or F4 related characters.
First was Vivi USB that eluded me every-time I tried to get it. Has gotten much use. Second was a difficult choice, Celes USB. I got her ASB from daily draw so I thought, why not give her some more use. My other options were Edgar's USB or Ramza's USB1. Luckily the realms on parade just gave me Ramza's!
This isn't an interview tho, just a report of her Insta Live which was posted in detail here too lmao
Ask Truck.
Yikes.
My guess is Monet fucked up the audio for both lmao
I've gotten 5 energy and 1 Authority in 10 pulls but it could just be rng :X
There's several characters with abilities like Dispel that can remove buffs, including costumes/gear buffs
I'm playing Normal, nothing has been frustratingly hard and I think I'm about 60~70% done without spoiling anything. But the Dr Willy one is the only one where I have given up and will just go back to it later.
The replies to that post are a gongshow, you have 2 ladies fighting over their opinion, then porn star Boomer Banks (Who I just found out is Mexican), shows up and defends Gia + random comment by the jakejonce guy
Carmen is honestly just digging her own grave with this one tbh, the second she steps out of whatever culture Carmen relates to she will be clocked and buried for the same thing she is supposedly mad at Gia about. That is, if people still check on her after this.
Glad I got her to 70 and maxed gears to see the changes in ABX. And now it will be worth it lol
That and Val's booger read were my favorite
it was just the music being changed into slowtempo like Farrah's that threw me off lol
https://i.redd.it/df1knhswos7z.jpg
i missed the very first few mins, did they show Alaska/Chad/Trixie?
omg trinity is killing me
lol La Vaca is such an old song
T, love Monique but the brown cow thing is becoming the new Cucu
Monet, Jasmine, Farrah were bad Manila, Gia and Latrice were pretty original Everyone else was just middle of the road
I'm shocked Monique is, and Gia/Latrice arent
not when they get sent to safe!
the other way around imo, Trinity wouldn't send home Farrah i think
well... there were choices in this episode. Gia not even being put on High was very strange, and she should had been top 2 and idc who else because besides her, Latrice and Manila. Everyone else not named Farrah,Monet &amp; Jasmine were just ok
oof that ep1 was rough, hope Trinity blows away the competition and Monet pulls a comeback because this was really underwhelming for Monet to be top 2 in the long run
Manila was fine, everyone else was just underwhelmingly ok that she looks better than she probably was
it was low-rent Thalia, kinda liked it lmao
Gia and Monique are bringing it with the confessionals, I could do with less brown cow talk but overall I wish Gia stayed longer cause she is bringing some of that old fashioned Drag Race flair
I think the issue was also that it felt so short, like she goes out does half a split and then it ended. Which was true for most of these performances
omg the Val read to Latrice!!
I'm sorry but this validated Milk's talent being Velcro
the thalia b-side i never knew i needed
Can't believe Gia brought back the old fashioned shady moments of drag race AND the sipping noise
they are probably aware of how long she takes to get ready and are like "fuck it, just come and shoot so we can go to lunch"
i mean obviously, but the point is something else must had gone wrong. Which kinda ties to Trinity's deleted tweet.
I doubt Raven will ever do it again, but Juju is my fav so I'd love for her to do it.
i'm still watching this after so many hrs have passed and just seeing Manila slowly turn towards Latrice's face and her jaw dropping even more after seeing her face is so damn funny
I feel like she is talking about Monique or someone else and they tried to edit the preview to make it seem she was talking about Gia. Cause no one else really reacts and they had the whole Monique vs Farrah moment before that.
the read was awful tho, spanish speaking fish here and I really thought the gag would be in the "translation", but then she... literally translates what she said. And that was it lmao
This is the purest post I have seen.
Gia's read.... was literally what she translated it to lmao. I was expecting for the punchline to be in the translation... but nop. She literally just translated what she said, and it was bad in both languages.
no she didn't, that's her. An icon of reality tv. She was also amazing, and I love to have her back doing what she does best.
At first Gia just says hi, how are you? in spanish and Val replies "Muy bien mi vida, gracias". Which is a slangish way of saying "Very good my love, thanks". Since "mi vida" literally means "my life" but in this context is meant to pay a compliment to someone.
I thought her comments about Tampons and Anal sex were the best part of this interview and I think this comment was unintentional? She was literally gunning to get Valentina in the quiz lol
oh i forgot about this moment, Trinity really killed her with that line and Ru couldn't believe it
This is the song that plays at fiestas to get the parents to dance lol
I'm sure if Valentina could use whatever she wanted she would be performing and lipsyncing to songs that go with her drag style. But that's not how it works and she has to make it work with what they are given/she can create.
Wait she is calling Ru a trash box?? And I thought she was cool with Monique!
i appreciate the slow zoom in
Yea I think it's about Monique, because it seems Val/Monique are the team leaders and Gia is talking to Farrah about her team (Monique's). And we saw Monique/Farrah not getting along on the rehearsals. So I saw it as Farrah "loudly" complaining about Monique to Gia, because in the frame you can see other queens and they aren't reacting as if Farrah just came for Gia.
If she had ended with "so, soak it up." I would stan
I user her a lot, Lipstick is so op in stamina battles. But now I just use Ore Club
"sips jarritos in spanish"
I hate everyone on that show except for Prudence, the Aunts and the yummy cousin. They really dropped the ball with the casting of the main girl and her squad imo
lmao and Farrah and her were getting along so well in the promo tour, really thought they'd turn out to be friends. Poor Farrah is getting the dragging of her life.
nah the girl is entirely lacking of charisma and acting ability, and it feels so weird she is underage and they still got her to do those scenes like the bathtub one
i think they on the same tour
I disagree with this simply because no one has ever gotten the hate that Phiphi got. And even before that, Shangela and Stacy would get a lot of racism thrown at them. And the puerto rican queens were always treated horribly by the fandom. But I will say is that s7 definitely made the fandom bigger, and exacerbated the issue
https://www.instagram.com/p/BrWMUMYl8vv/
She's honestly gotten worse at social media, cause she has been barely posting anything. Which is understandable given she is probably busy with rehearsals for Rent. But still, her twitter is basically dead since months ago and now she is always late to post stuff on insta! I have seen lots of people requesting her to release the song but so far nothing
her entrance look looked like Bob's entrance look, her sponge look + hair/make up looked like Bob's look for the paper challenge. Monique "joked" about Bob being in the show for the first 3 episodes until people realized it was actually Monet, on her live, but I'm starting to think it was clever shade
Rumored Tracklist: 1.- A Prueba de Todo 2.- Sin Mascaras 3.- It Was Like That 4.- Te Leo, Te Escribo (a dueto con Roxxxy Andrews) 5.- La Otra 6.- The Chop [Reggeaton Version] (feat. Manila Luzon &amp; Latrice Royale) 7.- Skinny, Rich and a bit of a Bitch (Is Everything) 8.- Ponedoras (feat. Gia Gunn) 9.- C.L.A.T [But Good] (feat. Delta Work, Detox, Morgan McMichaels) 10.- Ganadora
Truck
Zombie Adore
"If I get upset about this, I'm BLOCKING a blessing" welp. That did not age well.
issajoke but i love how wholesome your flair is
I doubt they expected them to be better, it's mainly because of the time it's airing. Shows go on hiatus during december/january for a reason, and movies get dumped on January for that same reason. But I think with Drag Race Uk, all stars might take a step back
I'm confident on both teamwise, if only I had Belias on farm. But nooooo VI event had to take an eternity to arrive :( plus no Tidus chain. And I can't be bothered to take forever per run with Rikku's chain :(
do u have a vid/setup with relic materias/legend dives etc? I'd very much like to try this!
was hoping they'd move up the fire banner to banner 1 for the magicite, but oh well just a cpl days wait. Wonder what relic got knocked off to make room for Squall's ASB in banner 5. So Banner 1 is likely: 1.- Cloud ASB 2.- Tyro USB (0CT Party Critical=50% and Haste, self Quickcast and Support Critical Boost) 3.- Yshtola USB ( 0CT Medica h85, party Quickcast Magic 3, self BRAVE+1 and BRAVE Mode) 4.- Onion ASB 5.- Onion Glint 6.- Yshtola Glint 7.- Cloud Glint 8.- Tyro Glint 9.- Onion new LMR 10.- Cloud x2 Wind LMR 11.- Onion USB3 12.- ??? Banner 4 seems like they didn't change it: Flametongue+ USB Squall Sage's Robe ASB Vivi Kaiser Knuckles ASB Zell Long Barrel R USB Vincent Gilgamesh's Armor CSB Gilgamesh Nirvana GSB Vivi Zell's Uniform GSB Zell Winchester GSB Vincent Balamb Mercenary BSB Squall Godhand LMR Zell Mage's Hat LMR Vivi Vincent's Bandana LMR Vincent
same :/.
I feel like ppl will be mad about he Valentina scenario if it plays out the way its been said it does, but it seems like it will be Farrah or Monique. And truthfully for the 2nd episode there's no way you could send Monique home if Farrah is the other option, who was in the btm2 previously. But I'm still hooked at the Gia vs the weakest link lmao, her one liners are amazing.
I didn't get any gold or snowflake tickets, and I still can't play any missions because it still gets stuck in infinite loading screen =/
Yep didn't get any of this and the infinite loading screens are still there, so I haven't been able to earn any gold whatsoever lol
In the trailer we saw Gia dancing with Trinity while entering the work room for the 3rd episode in a different outfit than what they have shown. As if them showing Farrah's evening gown and having her begging to stay wasn't giveaway enough.
Unfortunately Wow doesn't seem to be willing to put some production money into things. They could be making worthwhile things if they actually worked with the queens into creating content. Now every queen and their dog has a podcast, which is great as there's a lot to choose from. But that's something that Wow could be looking at supporting the girls with. Sponsor them, let them make their own money from the podcast and then ask them for a video recorded version of the show available only on Wow+. Pretty much like how Bob and Monet are doing it now, some people would like to see them while they talk and act funny. But from what Willam has spilled, there's just not much incentive for the queens to participate with Wow+
Please fix the infinite loading screens or at least acknowledge there's an issue here and we don't have to check BR to see if something is happening.
Glad to see they updated her costume skills! The t3 Skill seems pretty great!
its the game, they are having issues but havent said anything about a fix
So if I'm reading this correctly, does this mean that we got the update JP got but without affecting the rates of the actual featured relics? Basically off banners would be based on the featured characters, but not hampering our ability to pull the featured relics? Aka in the event of getting an off-banner in the upcoming VI event, it won't be Tiny Bee, Cloud's USB etc, and only a VI relic from the characters on that banner
This was on the front page of reddit weeks ago and then it started getting posted here and then Bianca posted it and now the cycle of repost is in full effect
Willam let Monet and Farrah have it in this ep
It's horde mode all over again, Epic just doesn't know how to properly reward people for their time/effort in these modes :/ Honestly I'd be happy with a gold boost
Not Edgy Enough
Wish I hadn't done all my WBU to try her out, but she seems really good. That t3 does 200+ hits, making great use of that CTP of Energy
mostly that they were more All Participants than All Stars and they both went in on Monet's whole performance + the outfit and the sponge thing. And Alaska said she liked Monique's but Willam didn't care for it and they had a hilarious bit about how people were gagging for Monique's not-a-split because she actually just "sat down" and didn't actually do a split. And Alaska was saying it was good, but Willam was like "Ok so next time I sit on the toilet, I'll call you so you can clap for me" lmao But it was mostly Farrah who they didn't like, Willam is apparently friends with Farrah lmao "And then Ross had to go an lie to Farrah and tell her she's got what it takes to be here" rofl he was pretty vicious vs poor Farrah, but they did spill that that bit about Farrah screwing up twice
Maybe because they seemingly got a good deal with Netflix, as you can see from all the "Netflix Azerbaijan has All Stars!" topics. So I'm sure they knew the ratings weren't going be strong due to holidays, but they probably needed to clear the schedule for some reason. (Probably Drag Race UK + more)
it is
I almost got edgar's USB from the USB select so this is very nice to see, but I'm gonna wait till fest to see if I pull here. It's a ver good anti-mateus and wrexsoul banner tho
Monet won the vote through the queens voting for her, but was barely booked and both her and Monique were barely followed on social media. And Monique being considered that is not something I have seen outside of this sub unfortunately. And if you are being sarcastic, then you know why their fanbase is not as big as some of the other queens that season \#ffffff
coughPokeballcontrollercough it seriously irks me I can't even get to the home menu with it.
Ru seems so uninterested with this version of drag race lmao, he was just like "well it's the same shit, just go watch it"
If you can buy Resource boosters, you can farm so much rep in 1 hr through mining I farm like 60k+ in 1hr in gems and then just trade them through the days, my cap is 24k per day
she talked about it on the watch party at roscoe's for the AS4 ep1. She said she said no to AS1 and that she has gotten the call for every AS but then she gets the other call telling her she was not cast
thiiiiiiiiiiiiis is what I came to say, I was like, wait you are reacting to your own leaks as if they came for you!?
She found the note, the key and the talent!!
idc i love a proper villain edit on a real villain
I'm here for the Valentrinity alliance
Val reclaiming her Villain title
valentina is living for it lmao, her reflection rofl
after that Gia takedown I feel like Villaintina is in full effect after tonight
oooooh gurl they just called out lipsync battle
making fun of lipsync battle
Ross about to lie to Farrah some more
Judging is going to be hella questioned after last ep's and now this if Gia is top2
omg Monet vs Valentina looooooooooool wtf im loving that we didnt have this in the spoilers
Should had been Val + Naomi or Latrice imo but at least my girl will get to Lipsync lol
this ep is so fucking extra lmao
co-starring Monet throwing away the Lipsync, let's be real
This episode was so fucking good and Valentina slayed everything, I'm still not buying Monet couldn't be bothered to turn it to that song, so she totally threw it away
Monique living for Valentina even though she knew she might go home because of her is a mood
I mean they are downvoted, so obviously people aren't agreeing with them? Like what's there to explain. Some people think Val didn't kill it this episode, which she did. Aka opinions.
Well they haven't really shined outside of the branding that got them a lot of hate. They are the s10 queens and the running opinion on ppl's minds is that they shouldn't had gone right back. But like, Monet won and Monique didn't do awful? So idk it's not like they are kicking a dead horse, as long as they are civilized idk why we can't just share each others opinions. Do I think certain opinions carry a more, let's say, racially charged energy? Absolutely.
Find someone who looks at you like Ru looks at Valentina's hair flips
messy gays being messy gays by pretending they are in the queens' heads when giving spoilers.
I would like to say thanks to Gia and Farrah for taking the heat off what would be a snake emoji moment towards my fave. (Altho I'm sure there's ppl already at it)
Val said she'd send her 10k via Paypal, and then after she won she said "PESOS BITCH!"
hope someone got it
what?
lmao Val still posing in the face of doom
from what has been spilled, I think she felt safe since Trinity pretty much said it was gonna be Gia, so when manila won she probably did think it would be her
me going to a final exam I didn't study for
yes
Only reason? cause Monet put up a fight? Like girl, this delusion. Jinkx is coming to sue you
I mean whoever is taking it out of context is the messy one, cause she was shading her other contestants
yea it was posted several times hehe
This cast really compliments each other
I like Gia, I like her confessionals, I like her stirring the pot, I like her takedown by Monique and the others. I like the TV show about drag queens. If this is honestly that triggering for your High School experience, then don't watch it, but stop projecting your experience on a tv show about drag queens.
People really need to listen to the first 5 mins of this, Gia lovers and haters.
* At around minute 29, Gia and Shea have a discussion about Ru with Gia going a bit off on Ru and Shea taking it back to supporting Ru. It was pretty peaceful but very interesting to hear Shea standing up for Ru without holding back. * And right after Shea pretty much says she is down for AS5 and that she would like to compete vs Tyra. Plus thanks her for making Drag Con bring security lmao. * Someone asked her what about Nina Bonina, and she danced around the subject lol * Someone brings up Carmen and Gia goes off on her, says she is booked with her for New Years and she is bringing her bodyguard lol * Shea is not here for Eureka either lol * Gia says Laganja said no to AS4 and talked about her quiting drag and moving to Colorado
In the ep2 viewing party at Roscoe's Gia/Shea were asked if they think the "White &amp; Blond" winning All Stars would stop and they said no. Shea was pretty direct about it too.
Lol I thought this too, it was such a backhanded compliment the way he dragged her for bringing something "you would never be able to bring during your original run"
The chance doesn't start increasing till 80+. It's a dumb way to display it tbh, but that's how it works.
Sonique was so right in her opinions and so funny, I want more!
*snaps back into reality* *gets closer and adjusts voice* “So you think I could go home?” I just love the production that Valentina has brought with her at every moment
What if, The truth is there’s no hell 🤯
33,291
Does anyone have access to Willam's patreon? Someone told me he posted something about AS4 and that according to him: Ep5 is lipsync episode, Trinity vs Jasmine Val vs Farrah Manila vs Gia Monique vs Latrice And they are all lipsyncing to replace the queen they are against, and Monet vs Naomi for some reason? All the current queens win their lipsync except Monique, but Latrice declines to return if it means Monique is out. So Ru takes them both. But apparently Willam didn't explain what Naomi/Monet lipsync for since there's no challenge? This could all be fabrication since it pretty much ties with all T, but still
Yea it's weird because: If there's no challenge, giving Monet/Naomi that much power (ie: to eliminate whoever, which ties to them choosing Valentina) seems weird af out of the blue. Why would Willam go off on rigga morris for Valentina, when Ru is already bending the rules for Latrice/Monique. And as fun as a whole lipsync ep would be, all that circus so that nobody goes home?
I mean, Valentina was right in regards to Monique. And people keep taking out of context what she said in the reunion, "I think I represent something similar to Selena for Chicanos". Which is true, a non-stereotypical portrayal of Chicanos. But people keep acting like she compared herself to her career or talent.
In all honesty, I don't think it will. If it's true that Monet's record for top 2 isn't that great and Trinity's is better, who has been well received. Monet is in for hard time once they put up the "fan voting". Specially since so many people are rooting for Naomi, who is supposedly going to end up looking better and then not able to make it top 2. So it's just gonna add to the fact that people are going to come for Monet for not being deserving of the spot vs Naomi. But at least Monet seems to be acting like she is happy with her run.
I use [this](http://warframe-builder.com/Warframes/Builder/Mesa/t_30_3002332431_5-0-4-7-4-5-34-8-5-49-7-10-55-5-4-411-6-10-479-3-10-718-9-3-873-1-10-875-2-10_5-4-873-16-875-16-479-7-7-5-55-5-411-8-49-8-34-14-718-5_0/en/1-0-31/193477/0) With non maxed Waltz, Umbra mods and Primed Flow. 1k+ HP, 500+ Energy, Max Efficiency, 170%+ Duration, 210% Str. Feels really great to me since Energy becomes a non issue, you still have a nice chunk of duration plus alot of power str and due to efficiency you can recast her skills pretty cheaply. Downside is 6 forma
Anaia Alarcon, get some commas girl
I'm ready for the OG Latina godess to take over on AS5
nah Aquaria was really hated before the season even began because of so many "rumors", "Spoilers" and basically a bunch of misinformation with no actual receipts. Ppl were scared of even picking her flair lmao
I'm gonna have to agree with you in the holes thing, cause I'm not exaggerating. There were tumblr posts about her alleged Transphobia. Detailed fights with Vixen over wearing braids, fights with Asia and her calling her out on racist language. Vaguebooks from queens that worked with her, etc etc, I don't think we have ever gotten someone so attacked from all fronts before the season even began lol
T, I'm really happy with Trinity taking this competition seriously and being all in for Rupaul's Drag Race All Stars 4. Meanwhile in Valentina's head, she is competing in Univision's Drag Race: El Rencuentro 2. And I'm living for it.
i doubt Ru would let the cameras roll with post-filmed Gia and the other queens that have been calling him out for whatever reason, basically Farrah/Naomi/Gia. I'd watch the shit out of that spectacle, but I doubt Ru would throw himself there even with the edit on his side.
I'm just here to witness the hypocrisy of people blasting Gia for speaking her mind at her show, but will be all ears the next time Willam regurgitates insults towards Ru and the show + continue to support him.
Roscoe's viewing party for the first episode
so do the 247 butterflies on her titties
Her Gia rant was reddit levels of bad, but something makes me thing she is actually talking about the recent posts about her and her attitude here lol She seems to like referencing the fake spoiler of the dreads whenever she wants to reflect criticism at her
&gt; Who won the LSFYL? &gt; Monét X Change - 5.4% (57 votes) &gt; Valentina - 94.6% (989 votes) The gag is the spoilers for this episode said it was gonna be Gia vs Valentina, probably whoever spoiled it thought saying Valentina wiped the floor with Monet would be too unbelievable
The way she even said it was pretty fucked up too, “supporting her financially”. Like, it was always in the back of her head that because she contributed to that she somehow holds power over her.
i bought the one by "Sora" from amazon, which I think is this one: https://www.amazon.com/Hestia-Goods-Switch-Carrying-compatible-Nintendo/dp/B0711K97BS/ref=sr_1_16?s=videogames&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1545796252&amp;sr=1-16&amp;keywords=nintendo+switch+case Although not sure why it's a different seller now, but it was on sale for like 6.99 and everything fits in it.
thx! yep it's a game changer for sure, I don't have Tifa so i really thought I was about to be trolled
Thanks for this, used Vincent instead of Locke (with chain + fire radiant shield BSB) and got 19 sec, and is so easy to repeat.
Thanks for this, tried it with Leading man Balthier and his BSB + LMR + LD for a lot of imperil since I don't have anything for Cid. Seems like I can get anywhere from 24sec or 28 sec, since if I don't kill before 25 he heals for 40k+ and Sora's ASB doesn't kill it then. Don't have Sora's LMR or Greg's so no doublecasts for me :(
Eh Monique is the main target of the weho girls for whatever reason. A lot of queens keep shading her online so it’s not just the sub. So I feel like that has been making it easier for people to against her since they see others doing it.
If you write he correct number he just calls the therapist and tells the secretary that he is going to Kill her so she calls the police and you get the same ending as with burying the father
In the book they are supposed to be "visitors" that aren't necessarily trying to harm humans and they are just having that effect since they only communicate visually. They can also interact with things, in fact there's a scene in the book where one tries to lift the main character's blindfold but then leaves. So it's less intentional horror and more of a survival thriller i guess. idk I felt the movie had engaging moments but ultimately fell flat
Asia was in-character, Aquaria tells Rupaul to fuck off and Miz Cracker is acting like someone kicked her in the balls and said "just kidding!". Regardless, the stuff Cracker said was too much. What's worse is she didn't even get she crossed a line and was ready to go off on Asia at the reunion but Asia managed to be the bigger person and apologized, for the 3rd time. Cause Asia told her sorry in person after the fact, sorry through her letter and then at the reunion.
This was less awkward than the fake kiss
It's almost as if the show is edited and we don't get to see everything they shoot
all I could think about while watching this was Shangela's impersonation of Trinity saying: "I miss my dawg"
I feel like she stood out in S10 because she had the biggest personality out of that cast, but in AS4 she matched by other big personalities. Plus a lot of the likability of Monique came from untucked. And I do think that Monique was at a disadvantage with this cast because every other queen has built some kind of relationship or rapport with the other queens before AS4. Whereas Monique came out right away from s10 and she isn't necessarily having the connection that the other queens have with one another. Even Monet being a NY queen, had already worked with several of the AS4 queens. Basically I think Monique is doing great, but she isn't shinning like she did in S10 due to the cast being strong all around.
it initially said Monique had a better track record. But even then, Monet was low ep1, won ep2 and safe ep3
The point being that the original comment was saying "it's been 3 episodes" and yet they are acting like there's a huge margin in the records. I mean idk why y'all feel like you have to put a queen down to lift another up.
i spit my drink
You are acting like you are aware that it's a show and they are telling a story but also that they are doing someone wrong for whatever reason. If Monet or Monique land in the bottom, they are gonna show why. Yes of course they are going to exacerbate the issues to make their already filmed decisions look valid. Like "tonight", they obviously showed Valentina getting crickets on her deliveries to justify her being in the bottom. People saying she didn't deserve to be there are just seeing what they want to see + their own favoritism vs how others are displayed. Yes Monet can be funny, I'm sure there was one or two jokes she may have landed. But she can also have horrible timing, ie: the Build interview where she managed to land 1 out of 4 jokes. I just don't agree with your "blame the edit" comment because it's very obvious they are telling a story and just because Monet isn't coming out favorably it doesn't mean she is doomed or that she secretly did amazing. Trixie was also painted as pretty bad early on, with the snatch game being a highlight of her doing badly and yet they still pulled out the underdog edit at the last minute.
&gt; You mentioned me girl. You brought up "blame the edit" and I never said that. Where did I say you called me a stan? - &gt; The only people calling me a stan have to make up lies about things I said and then they disappear when I call them out. And you are doing the same thing now girl. But I mean now you are going into insults so clearly this too important for you. Go on then!
She said she originally said "You've got Shemail" as her entrance line for the HoliSlay but production had to figure out if they'd allow it and ultimately didn't
probably behind the scenes drama because during the promo Gia and Farrah looked very close and joked around a lot, so I was actually surprised that we got drama between them.
to be honest, I feel like the whole "I don't have to fake storylines" was probably the both of them doing it lol Cause she spoke really highly of Gia and said watching the drama was very good TV and she loved it.
Well she specifically hesitated revealing the behind the scenes stuff but she went for Monique with that, so maybe she thought Monique wasn't sincere? Or maybe more stuff happened. I find it all weird because in Bob/Monet's podcast, Monet revealed that Monique tried to stop Gia from interrupting Monet/Farrah.
lol @ everyone reading Ru for not knowing "The Emperor's New groove" and everyone praising Val for that one line
Dida really does not like Manila wow, she was holding everything back and getting annoyed by the other two lmao
At first I jokingly went the dumbest path thinking it would end up just ending, but they had that hilarious meta ending. Then it would send me back a real dark path and it was like, noooo how can I make him happy!
ppl stanning Val's snatch performance everywhere lol
lmao i went back to that choice later to see if it'd affect anything and I appreciated the fact the commercial in the tv changes based on which one you picked
It happens. Once I woke up and had dry mouth so went for a glass of water and ended up making Tacos de Pollo with salsa and everything.
Her feet hurt and she couldn't take off the boots since it was the entire outfit, so my guess is they allowed her to sit. Production is apparently a lot nicer this time around judging by some of the things the queens have revealed. ie: Farrah was told that they wouldn't use her fall if she didn't want it to be used.
if you mean farrah's stuff, it was on her interview with Miz Cracker
well the other option was showing her being over the whole thing when the boa got stuck
When even Trixie didn't think Val should had been in the btm lol
I lived for Bob living for Valentina and stanning her so much on her podcast lol
oh you are the racist poster, no wonder something about Latrice annoys you
I feel like her standing up to toxic fans over whoever would eliminate her would complete her rudemption storyline
Damn, I thought it was gonna be a shitpost lol
Monique is dragging Vanity in live atm lolol and she is pisssssssssssssssssed
Vanity, the owner of WigsbyVanity and Courtney's best friend. She posted a vid on her story where she made fun of a shot of Monique having a busted wig line on.
Monique is still on live and talking about it lol, it's been like an hour
I like it until she gets into the wishing dead and hoping Jesus kills whoever criticizes her
In ep 10 after credits scene it's revealed she was in alliance with Gia all along and eliminates Ru
lol why post [my post](https://www.reddit.com/r/rupaulsdragrace/comments/aajky8/roscoes_rpdr_as4_viewing_party_with_t_rex_farrah/ecsnmm7/) as it's own post, when it was a post in the post about the Viewing party: https://www.reddit.com/r/rupaulsdragrace/comments/aajky8/roscoes_rpdr_as4_viewing_party_with_t_rex_farrah/ postception!!
I think she has always been the same, just takes it easier this time around. Idk how she ever got a villain edit since she wasn't ever a villain. But anyway, I think a lot of people just take her diva attitude too seriously (which she does don't get me wrong), but like she is the first one to laugh at herself and I don't think that's something that was shown in her first season.
~~Chipotle~~ MEXICAN
There's no way Epic is releasing STW for Switch, not only because Switch can't handle it but because it's a buggy mess for Xbox at the moment.
i'm not sure what you are saying, but Valentina didn't have shoes on, the entire outfit was 1 piece so she couldn't take her "boots" off
I'm not sure what your roster looks like? If you are new, then I'm guessing you don't have wolverine or Deadpool which require a lot of resources to get for a new player. My advice from the ones you listed would be Thor or Cap America, Endgame costumes.
omg this is like the 5th post about this guy, dOn't yOu GuYS hAVe P0rN?
I'm waiting for the vid of you doing them without much trouble pls! But basically they used to be something a long time ago. But so many seasons in , they are overused and overdone to try and create "a moment".
sadly no
The loyalty chest can give ctp but usually just gear level 1 lol
maybe she went first and they she didn't realize they were filming more? I mean a grown ass person crying I would agree, but a child I can see how she would be overcome with emotion
That’d be nice cause honestly I don’t think the first meaningful vip reward kicks in till vip15 which is a lot
I guess I gotta do Plankerton mission for rain drops lol
The spikes are bugged, if you got to check your syandana with the spikes on Attack mode, they will turn to the ones featured for this skin.
Adore is totally gonna disappoint us with Meghan isn't she
Would had been a great time to rework Energy Cells crafting requirements :(
“I fucked a polar bear!” That line still cracks me up. But eh... felt like ep1 had more potential and it didn’t quite get there with that ending that oversimplified what was going on. Ep2 on the other hand would had been an effective 30minutes episode. The whole point of tech ppl being above the law and disregarding of human life got through right away. They just kept digging and digging at it and it took too long to get to the end. In the end I was entertained but not satisfied. I like black mirror when it keeps me thinking after the ep is over and ep1 could had done that but didn’t deliver. Other 2 not as much.
seems like there's already over 200 haha, guess they know how to get the community involved now
I don't think she has any issues with Rupaul or Rupaul with her. It's really Michelle who I doubt Courtney is interested in working with.
sounds like something Katya would do in her podcast lol
I live for Silky's launch but I'm genuinely worried about her back. And I'm glad they know the power of Vanjie
Klarna Montreal
5 per each challenge node in underground coliseum, 7 bosses = 35 obj
Is stuff like "They are filming next week" or "they already filmed AS5" fine? I meant last time this came up on a topic here specifically, was someone pointing out exactly that because Ru mentioned it in his podcast's latest ep.
the "your" from Gia's pov made me think its real. but idk what is going on in this pic: https://i.imgur.com/QqC3dBF.png with the overlapped text
Hmmm... only doing T-0, X, IX, V, IV till it gets closer to end date and see how things turn out lol
Detox looks like a mother of 3 who had to have a few cocktails before dinner because she knows her husband is sleeping with his secretary
Reports that FF8 remaster will be announced tomorrow, and that would steal the hype from this for me lmao idk what to think of this remake tbh, so gotta see exactly how they will divide it
the gag if there's a roast this season and Derrick wins it, praise Truck
i can tell Brooke is en pointe
I have, I got all Mutant costumes at Mythic except newest storm and beast which I will get to after Spidey update probably. I just work on them slowly over time or when I get resources etc. I don't do it for the rewards obviously since they are so terrible lol
I said remaster not remake and it’s the 20th anniversary of that game
"I beat Hydaelyn Extreme" T shirts now printing...
again, thats what people say "SE said it". Where's the source of them saying this and confirming it?
I was honestly underwhelmed, they made it sound like Anthem but with Avengers. The inclusion of Ant-man at the end gives me hope, but overall it just feels like a type of game I won't be interested in... Anyway, MUA3 is mere weeks away
I mean when they announced FF7 was getting a remake they always said it would "come out first on PS4". And they are staying true to that promise. I'm sure a year later it might come to PC/Xbox but I sincerely doubt it will be ported to Switch outside of maybe a cloud (no pun intended) version for Japan
This game has its flaws but I can't help but love it! I can't wait to play it and actually be able to see Squall's face lmao Triple Triad alone is worth the purchase for me. Plus if it includes speed boost like FF7 then even better.
reality: (Nintendo): We kinda forgot about Animal Crossing
Well that's confusing. Remastered in PC/Ps4 and not remastered in switch. Wonder what else Switch might be missing out on
so edgy
getting worried about Bayo 3 tbh
This is what is bizarre for me: I preorder in march, got charged, got given the early access code as soon as I ordered. Got the email about the charge being done on 6/7. Account says the item isn't out yet and I also have the Debit Now option. Don't have actual Key for expansion yet. I don't want to click Debit Now for fear of being charged again or something. I'm just going to wait. I also got the expansion on PS4 and that was instant, so at least I can play early access there if something happens on PC. But I don't remember Heavensward and Stormblood being this confusing in the SE shop.
Nothing till Odin gets here and I see how I do in most elements. Already sub 30 all Magicites and most Torment so I don't want to just get something that I think I need but don't really "need" it
Tom Nook is benevolent after all
my advice would be to check record spheres for characters you might be getting an artifact for. For example, Celes gets +dmg with swords, Zidane as well etc
this never gets old and I'm still unable to unsee it
maybe a tease for upcoming Epic Quest lol But yes it used to be "No more Epic Quests", which I thought was a reference to Scarlet's "No more Mutants"
I'm having a similar issue. Paid the game in March. Actual money was withdrawn from my account. I got the EA code and the items codes and registered just fine. Few days ago I got the "We will start charging for preorders soon" email, which was a big wtf for me. I went to check my order in the page, and it gives me the option to "debit now". However I didn't want to do that since I literally paid in March. So I had been waiting to see if some automatic email happened... nothing. So I go and try to "Debit now" and nothing happens. No error, nothing. So now I'm just sitting waiting for some magical thing to happen to either tell me that I did pay for the game in March and the order page just hasn't updated, or that the order is somehow cancelled so I can start trying to get my money back if that is the case. Basically I have no clue what's going on with the pre-order at this point. When I sent a ticket explaining my situation they just said that I should make sure to have funds on my account, completely ignoring what I said.
probably some Iggy video to be released right before pride month ends so she gets the pride promo
thx!
https://finalfantasy.fandom.com/wiki/Namingway
I got a question: &gt; The walls is located on an island, called Paradis, that is populated by Titans. Were the titans there placed when they moved to Paradis or are all the Titans there because they are the people that are "punished"? That was confusing to me as I didn't understood if Paradis always had titans, or at least were placed there as deterrents for invading Paradis while the other places also used it as a dumping ground
I never heard about this controversy, but it reminds me of how people kept writing dissertations about how Dragon Ball Z was Nazi propaganda because SSJ are only Blonde + Blue eyed Anyway, reading through this it makes it kind of sad that people seem to only recognize that one atrocity and not others that have happened in the world. Such as the Japanese internment camps. Which honestly kind of felt more like what they were portraying here, specially with how "restricted" the eldians were living in Marley. To me it felt less of "you did terrible things before so even if you aren't aware, you have to pay for it" but more of "we fear you because you are different, and I'm going to use the past to punish you". Plus the whole "everyone is a double spy" the show loves to play on, which was ultimately the fear of exactly that that led to the camps happening. We could argue that the whole plot of going to paradis to steal the resources for war is also an allegory to how first world countries invade others to extract said resources usually using something else as an excuse. Or how information gets so censored in the Walls, being a criticism of that one country with the huge wall. Point being that I don't think its as simple as "There's a nazi armband symbology, so it's gotta be just about Nazis". Plenty of world cruelty to choose from!
1. **Boss:** Famfrit 2. **Battle Speed:** 3 3. **Time:** 18~22 sec 4. **RW:** none 5. ***Expository Banter:*** * Speed 3 has given me 100% results, only done speed 5 a couple times, seems to gain 2 sec from what I can tell. You can use the 99k RW if you want, but it only added time to my clears. * Yes, Sora AASB. I suppose you might be able to change him for Bartz or another Lightning DPS in exchange more time. Sora's chase actually hits like a truck. * I don't know if Rosa is replaceable, but you might be able to use Elarra with Vali for SB gauge. |Hero, dive|Magia + CW|Ability 1|Ability 2|Materia|Equipment Notes|SBs| |:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|:---:| |Tyro, 5|-|Magic Breakdown R4|-|LMR, MM|N/A|Divine Veil Grimoire| |Prompto, 5|-|Spark Offering R4|-|LM2, LMR, Dr Mog|+20% L.Armor |Chain| |Sora, 5|-|Stormspell R5|-|LM1, Enlightning LM, +Sword |40% Lightning|Awake| |Rosa, 4|-|Wrath R4|-|none, Ace Striker|N/A|USB2| |King, 5|-|Tempest Snipe R5|-|LM2,LMR, +Gun|+40% Lightning|USB| |main|sub1|sub2|sub3|sub4| |B.King|Quetz|Typhoon|Madeen|Madeen| Double +Lightning, Double -Water Dampen, Double Atk+, HP Boon, Both Wards and Fast Act 10
Loving the QOL updates. Just hope to see some future updates on more availability of Rain Drops. They are needed for everything in every tier, that there should be a more permanent way to obtain them. Even if its a once a day type of thing. Maybe a new mission in each zone that grants the maximum amount of Rain Drops per zone, that refreshes once a day or something. Alerts are too RNG in regards to rain drops, and if there's no luck for the day then you are screwed.
The guy at the end getting ready for his 2 seconds of interaction with the kitty
How much +Element is it in the new Force/Shift+ cards like Fortuna?
Oh that's not bad! I thought it would be less than the FFXI cards. Makes me not feel as bad for not getting Lilisette yet again for my Godo. Thanks!
the commentary was hilarious
how can it be two teams of 3 and one of 2 for ep two? Are there only 9 queens in the cast?
1.- We call Marijuana, María Juana and Coca Cola, black milk 2.- it’s a joke not to be taken so seriously
I wanna see you score 4.5m with a ctp of authority lol
had naomi airtime so online exclusive most likely
Artifacts are still very limited, and its unlikely you will be running 2~3 artifacts per element per category (atk/mag). So like, you got x2~3 AOSB/ASB of a weapon with +Element? Splendid. You got yourself a great stat stick. Also, I know this isn't the case for absolutely everyone, but I'm swimming in rainbow shards, so those are a non issue. basically, do you need the rainbow shards or do you need a stat stick for an element in which you don't have enough artifacts?
Shame, took me 20hrs to 100% the game on PC and only issue I had was Miriam's voice lagging the game. So I turned it off. It's a great game, but they should had done better testing for the release since there were a number of issues that hit people when it was released across all platforms
I think I'm going to straight up pass on the first half of the month, maybe do 1 pull in Tropical Sophie just for the yolo chance of getting her. But the limited cards don't seem that great vs what I already have.
took less than 2minutes for the support person to take off the token, you should go through the process in the support website, fill out all the info, call them and give them the number you get from the form. And they basically just tell you "it is done". Very simple! Had it done twice, so shouldnt take long unless they are experiencing heavy Customer Support load
he is in charge of the ps4 download while i struggle with PC. Might pull out the power cord but i trust him
Already have her at 70 and max uni cause I knew they'd give her t3 or something for the Sky warriors update. Now watch them give her a new uni without synergy -_-
Do I have Elarra's AASB yet? No -&gt; Use on Core banner
I don't have her Glint either, but yea I still want it :(
i only got 3 rewards on the stream, 4th never popped :( anyone else? edit: nvm 4th just popped, was plat chest nice
I saw so many comments here and its just everyone trolling the bot lmao
by watching the stream and clicking Claim when it shows up
:(
dunno, didn't even see if they are normal characters or T2 native. The awakening crystal drops from WBU, so doesn't seem like there was a "new mode" to get the characters from tho. No Epic Quest at least
They all seem PVE oriented, specially with the Awakening skill lowering the respective element's resitance. But the skill seems to be on a cooldown, rather than a charge up like T3s, so who knows if it will be OP or its just something extra. Weird, i was gonna link the uploaded video but they seem to have removed the stream vid
I'm pretty sure she expected to win Miss C and then she didn't, at least that's when she got all in her feels. Then again, some other queens were making sure everyone knew they were miserable that night as well
I’m guessing we will be arriving by Plane this time. Wonder if Rover will just parachute off lol
Probably not, they could had added poison seriously into the meta with the release of Odin, but even the "poison" characters have started getting turned into other elements now.
or give them The Lion King and have them stop liking videogames
what I hate/love about this show is people's reactions to it. Like the first season tried to be a look inside the head of a man who think the world and everyone in it is made for him, and yet by the end of the season people were like "Ugh I hate Beck". And you are like, so you don't hate the serial killer? "Ugh no, Beck was the worst". LMAO I'm like speechless at how people received the first season.
Silky looked miserable at the finale tho, I'm pretty sure she didn't want to give the fans any more ammo against her and she just wanted an out at that point.
omg what did you do lol
when Thanos 1 shots you in WBU because you can't see shit on the floor due to all the FX going on lol
I mean yes and no. The story itself is just the comic version of Suzaku, Genbu, Byakko, Seiryu and Kirin. So in a way, yes they are not very "Marvel". But also, we have Odon/Thor/Loki and others like Hercules, who are just comic versions of real world mythology, so in that way they are similar. Personally I play a lot of JRPGS and I'm so done with the Kirin mythology because it gets overdone so much lol I wouldn't be surprised at all if their next Original character is taken from Sun Wukong, cause that also gets overdone a lot.
With the way the characters work on Story Mode, I wonder if NM is secretly working in a way to let us equip whatever costume we want and still keep the "new skills" that come with the newer costumes. That's been one of the most often requested things, and I hope it does come to pass.
I think blue marvel is just paywalled like Antiman/Nova now, while still being able to get their bios from the lab. With the free ctp-E just removed now in place of those new boxes. BUT there's new Shield missions too, so maybe from there?
ya and they also have pop stars and alternate reality children, but they could do their on take on it and NM just not cal it sun wukong. Like how Shadowshell isnt called Genbu
hobbo doom?
Ah thanks for the in-depth review! I'll give it a shot
Eh I don't think micros should be a given, and I used to play it until they added the lootboxes. They took it too far imo and I didn't want to support that type of stuff.
yea :/ but not this update, at least they are increasing the ccf rate this update.
gwenpool still stuck at 60 lmao
I feel like its their solution to some characters probably never getting a t3 (at the rate we are going). Like they'll add an awakening skill for the black order for example, the Shield folks etc
well I hope people complain about the change so they don't go through with it, since its not going live this update.
This update doesn't include the revert to strikers
they can just play Thanos if "def down" is such a gamebreaker for them tbh. Plus they could add Supergiant and make her inmune to mind control/paralyze (since thats her thing), and there you go another WBU for ppl who want to spend several attempts on high level wbu. I sure don't.
The major change was that Story Missions used to have a chance to give double rewards, and you could reset the Bios rewarded per story mission depending on VIP level. This got changed to a chance of double rewards in Dimension Missions, and a discount on tokens needed for bios in the shop. Good changes imo, only issue is high level VIP keeps looking worse and worse.
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHN, KYRA SEGWICK HUN
they aren't even reverting strikers in this update, ppl don't even read the patch notes lmao
I usually do a pull for Lancelot attempt, but the pool has gotten so hilariously dumb and this + next month are tight so no more!
love thinking of a dog that 'looks' like he knows stuff, very different from a dog that looks like he has seen stuff
gosh what is this update uploaded on, p2p? I'm stuck on last 50mb going super slow
not me, mine are still there
I thought the story mode was fine, but a tad unimaginative. We have 200+ characters and we keep fighting the same enemies over and over.
lmao are they trying to get ppl to hate UNHhhh cause that's how you do it
Captain Marvel is pretty much the only one that fits your title (that you can use the selector on), but would need either of her 2 newer costumes.
No you get 600 or so bios, people kept saying "if you take her to 6*, through tickets (or the dollar store 6 selector a lot bought) you can take her to t2.
well i was weak and did yolo and got Faris lmfao, so i ofcourse tried a 2nd and got Avalanche Heroine. No Ex cards however.
lmao Echo is all over the place! Very in-character to what she does in Mobius, but still.
you get her when you use the "friend code"
&gt; I really hope they realise whatever they are so afraid of isn't a big deal, that they can't keep making the same movies after 20+ movies I doubt it, until one of them flops hard they will do what works for them. DC kind of learned from this after they kept failing with the dark and gritty that worked with Batman but not Superman
well i guess im starting from sword cause I'm not paying for Bank again, why not just release a HOME app for 3ds ugh
To get t2 luna you have to INPUT the code, not give yours. It's only for new/returning players. My code is: 1T8EHXyS , if you need one anyway. I already have 3 accounts getting me the rewards, so feel free to use someone else's if needed
this was filmed an eternity ago
Willam said Ru pays for the place Mathu is in, so I'd say its more complicated than that
I haven't played since Grendel/Melee rework for this kind of reason tbh. Grendel was released in an abysmal state, and just had no place in Warframe as it was released. The melee rework was messy with all the floating and ragdolling, which I know has been fixed now, but still it was such a sad experience. And ever since Nightwave, I just find warframe a chore more than the game I used to play just for fun, so more and more I find myself looking away from this game due to the state things get released at and how long it takes to get things changed/fixed. Empyrean wasn't even enough to bring me back to try it due to the railjack quest lol
you don't even need 3 google/fb accounts, just switch off "automatic login" and you can use whatever account you want on all Future Fight accounts. They won't be backed up of course, but who cares they are just for the thing.
the game is saved into the instance in which you run it, so if you are using an emulator or through a multi-instance phone app, it is still saved within that instance. I'm currently on day 3 like this. Basically you won't lose progress unless you delete the app
lmao this is painful and hilarious to watch, she is just like "Yup, I got it" AN ETERNITY after everyone saw her twist your wrist to get it
Well... if I had gotten Enna Kross' en-earth glint, I would had purchased this to get her USB. So basically, some could be useful even in 6* content depending on what you have. USBs that work well with Awakenings, provide enelement or buffs such as radiant shield can be great.
not "needed" but being able to en-earth glint + USB and then Awakening let's her not have to worry about using en-earth again during nuking as well as add the chase to her casting. Plus her double blk materia is in the lens shop, so it makes her a great choice for Ramuh if you have it all
My guess is costumes for characters who got costumes in the last 6 months but they all turn Blast/Energy dmg, new characters but they are all just Blast energy and another new mode! (Where we don't get to use our characters) /s
she brought them gifts and it included a picture of her LMAO
he actually let her talk lol or maybe Valentina just talked so much
People go OTT for Katya, and that was like peak Katya fame. Then Alaska had her breakdown and people turned on her. Basically people wanted Katya to win, and they didn't like Alaska's attitude.
what kind of spaghetti code gets resolved by adding +1 defense lmao
Florence's intertwining bad russian accent with american accent is gonna be hard to listen, specially since she is British. But the action looks great. Plus finally getting Taskmaster playable ffs
are you using discordant chain fractals?
yea, the part where she does an american accent instead was ok
I'm guessing the battleworld taskmaster model will be the default unfortunately, but Tasky has lots of cool costumes so hopefully they add one soon after
i hope they put Vicky Vox and she reads her after all the shit Vicky has done to Valentina like making fun of her childhood pictures for being chubby, yet cries when Shagela wears a fatsuit. I loved the intro she was like "I saw the episode where Vicky and Detox talked about me, I love Detox."
Jonny doesn't even know what's happening lmao
Got Elarra's Glint+, I'm happy. Still missing her awake tho
i think so, he said they shot 4 as a "pilot" of sorts so that it would get ordered. So maybe they will actually be shooting more now that it did
all i can think of when someone mentions Katy Perry nowadays https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ko3jI2mMFFU
lol wow, pretty shitty of them doing the Black Friday supreme tix sale when they probably knew already. Altho GL might shutdown much later, but like what's the point anymore
doesn't that game actually make a lot of money tho? I remember it was 3rd in Japan behind FFBE and FFRK (For Final fantasy games) and actually 2nd in GL, above FFRK.
well SE ending Mobius after they had special sales and stuff like that makes me uneasy to support another SE run mobile game lol, so good luck to Dissidia
OO, and Kingdom Hearts Union X my guess is next on the chopping block since Mobius had the same community manager as them and she mysteriously disappeared a while ago lol
I think it's just them not wanting to give refunds, like JP is doing tbh
lol I feel like the problem with Mobius is that it had no whales :x
She never apologized, and Yara actually called out Valentina on the stop in a gig they were doing and Valentina said she was obviously not ok with what Nina said but that she hopes she could apologize. Unfortunately she didn't.
no there was an actual Browser game that shut down that had story, https://www.siliconera.com/kingdom-hearts-browser-game-shutting-september-japan/ , which led to Union X
This and FFRK are the only gatcha I play, tbh I spend money in FFRK but have never felt the need to do so in Mobius besides the early Supreme tix and the double tix we got a while ago. I just feel Mobius never quite nailed how it wanted to do Gatcha correctly, since spending money to get something from a featured banner didn't necessarily felt like you were achieving something. As it would just become useless by the next job/cards. I loved the music and character designs, but I don't think there's any other game like this that tried to do the full console graphics. Which I guess ended up being to its detriment since nobody cared for 5+gbs of a game in their phone. idk that I'd play another gatcha tbh
Brooke Candy but They said it wasn’t her per se and they actually like her. Aja talked about it in the podcast with Katya.
It only took 1 min and 30 seconds for her to make it British
I appreciate Sothis made fun of "too many swordfighters"... but still. Anyway that teaches me not to preorder a season pass lol I'll be buying single characters for the next pass cause yea...
oh no, i was thinking of getting this... and reading this I guess I'll look elsewhere. Sorry to hear you are having issues :(
Ah yes, surely so many people missed that large sentence at the beginning of the movie. No. He managed to release the movie without Bruce Willis' involvement being known or the fact that it was connected to Unbreakable. In fact a lot of people left the movie not knowing about it, because Unbreakable was released so long ago. Basically for a lot of people seeing the movie, it was just another standalone M. Night Shyamalan movie.
oh i thought every lucky bag had 100 BP and 20 CF, which I thought was a great deal. But nop, its 100 bp after 5 and 20 after u buy 10 lol
I watched this a while ago, and it's sad that Nina is till acting the victim about everything. Yes the fans went hard on her, and it was disgusting. But she keeps acting like it all comes from Valentina, and not from all the things Nina did herself. Like the Mexico Earthquake comments, or on her many non-apology videos saying stuff like "Not even Puerto Ricans like to be called Mexican". Which was peak ignorance. And once again she is blaming "people taking her seriously, when she is joking" for the red m&amp;ms thing. And that's an Aurora Sexton issue, not even Valentina's or Hey Qween's or whoever is bringing it up. Obviously Nina isn't gonna call HER out tho right? I mean we been knew the fans are racists, that there's a lot of racism coming at her from mainly latino fans, but the way she keeps acting like Valentina has to reign them in somehow is just trying to blame her for something that she can't control. I used to be a big Nina fan, but she is really her worst enemy and forever the victim.
I don't get the point of these announcements, they aren't even taking new star agents so why not just email the star agents they already have instead? Would be better if they did the first sneak peek when they post this every month.
they let this Crystal keep her name but not the UK one? lol
That top comment is accurate tho. Rupaul did say those things, and even in the Vanity Fair cover interview which was very recently, he resisted answering that question again because his stance hasn't changed.
Ready to Foot Dive
Drag Race is a TV Show and whoever makes good TV, by whatever means, is all Drag Race is "testing" for.
So is this cloud based or just goes into the save data? I'm guessing cloud based since there's also the mobile version. If pokemon get deleted like with Pokemon Bank, then I'm just gonna pass on this all together. The differences between the switch version and mobile version are also confusing, is there no GTS/trading with others on the switch version?
in the link provided in the other post, which is directly from NM, its listed as an uni
Wonder who is getting the T3, Red Skull/Dr Oc? or a character that doesn't get a costume this update? Maybe they will add Kobik and give her a t3 lol
interesting they adding him with this update and not the BW update. Maybe too many characters for the BW Update that we don't know about? Yelena, Red Guardian, Iron Maiden and maybe some others
https://mheroesgb.gcdn.netmarble.com/mheroesgb/DIST/Forum/sv_viper01.png NM added the icons of the new characters/costumes to the forum's avatar system already, and people have been finding them like this. It's happened before. The source is NM lol
i tried looking for Spiderwoman/Jdrew and I couldn't find her :(
He will also be part of the WinterSoldier/Falcon tv show, so I guess there's a chance for Uni soon for him as well. 3 new characters, 4 costumes. Couldn't find Kobik, wonder who gets the T3. NM: No Sneak Peek today. Reddit: Hold my cosmic cube.
[http://mheroesgb.gcdn.netmarble.com/mheroesgb/DIST/Forum/hero_Jan01.png](https://media.giphy.com/media/38fblIIrHLMPe/giphy.gif)
idk about Melinda, I think she was already there like Raina used to be. But maybe they are finally releasing her, the icon does seem updated
there's literally an awaken crystal in the picture :P
"Rumor" has it this game is only up till end of Midgar, which is when you get summons normally, so they are adding them so you can experience them and not wait till whenever they release part 2. Odd seeing Leviathan, I thought we would only get Chocobo, Cactuar, Ifrit, Shiva, Carbuncle
i ain't touching anything that has to do with FFBE, it's almost a requirement to be a whale
this is from a new mobirum account, definitely fake. I'm sure the SS uni+ t3 will arrive, but doubt anything else will come with it. Like SW T3 + costume
yes but I don't know if it increments per mission or after a certain amount. Recently level 15 was buffed to give twice the amount of mission 10 for example. So I'm not sure if 11~14 give proportional higher than 10.
the vh1 website, just use Edge private window if you have created an account previously. (they don't send confirmation email so just use whateveremail at gmail and it works
someone said it looks like a xenomorph and I can't unsee it
JUJUBEE KILLING IT
Juju is here for the crown sorry y'all
they were all lipsyncing lol, even blair. Just to their own prerecorded vocals
but you don't HAVE to, if you can deliver an emotional performance? Ongina moved, and that happened.
feels so odd we havent hear Yvie say a single word
usually through next week on youtube, probably before thursday (if they release them at all).
judging by some of the things he has said on Whats the T, I think he is just tired of people coming for him for things. Such as the fracking, etc. He was fed up with people being mad at the Showtime move for All Stars, and I'm sure he is just taking a break from everything due to the pandemic and not being able to actually work. He was very excited for S2 of Aj &amp; The queen, and then it got canceled. He also talked about shooting something after S13/AS6 (hinted to be a movie). So I'm guessing he is just not doing great with not being able to work.
that was the only reason I wanted to pull on that banner lmao, pass now
That's not true, catchmoon went through several iterations of destruction before they had enough and said "alright, its no fun anymore or anything like what it used to be so we are done!". And don't get me wrong catchmoon was OP as hell, but they changed that weapon to be something different from what it initially was to be able to achieve "balance"
the only complaint I have is that this will be one of the many nerfs it will receive until it no longer works the way it initially was, over a long period of time, just like catchmoon.
Colossus for sure. Cable (is that the latest one? don't remember) if you have him. Antivenom is great as striker for WBU, but not much else. Dr Ock, Rogue, Ghost Rider Cosmic, Psylocke, Hawkeye are all great imo
my game seems to be corrupted now that I t3'd him lmao. Not only did Silver Surfer disappear, but Red Skull's icon is missing and I can't scroll through characters or the game freezes.
CTP of regen has always been best on him for PVP, but makes him meh for PVE. Not like this costume will be pushing him into PVE meta anyway
I was able to do level 70 Cull Obsidian with Dr Voodoo lead, and Coulson support with CTP OF REGEN! Only issue is took nearly all the time lol, but his defense down goes up to 91% and he can keep it up all the time, so its good. But the problem is there's only 1 white fox, 1 dr vodoo and Deadpool can make Enchantress work. Personally I find Dr Voodoo Lead for Dr Strange to just be better, and White Fox + Mystique + Prof X destroys too fast to give it up. And then there's the issue of giving up PVP CTP for a PVE CTP, which I'm not sure yet it would be worth it, since it seems like Cull Obsidian would be only WBU where he would shine.
oh i mean to do level 80+, level 60 is the new 20 tbh. Everyone and their dogs can do it easily. Level 70 takes a bit more skill since there's not enough valor to pass that. But the only ones that I have been able to do 80+ and 99 with are the ones I mentioned and Scarlet. If I changed SS's ctp to rage and gave him Dr Vodoo he might be able to do 90+, but I feel like Silver Surfer is just best suited for when Jean or Thanos are banned on timeline unfortunately. Your own Jean vs Silver Surfer (AI) has no issues beating him, so there's no point in using SS if Jean isn't banned (and you have her ofc).
Do you have Jean &amp; Thanos? If Yes, then SW. If missing one, then I'd say SS. SW has been really great in various WBU. I honestly don't see Silver Surfer standing out in that many WBU without some specific combo which you would had been able to do with others anyway (ie: White Fox + Mystique + any good character).
I don't think so, Mystique not only applies long 100%+ Def down, but she will take some bars down on her own due to how high her dmg is since her 3 has accumulation based on DMG Dealt, vs Nimrod's based on DMG received
yea the chain wasn't adding much dmg and i was dying too fast
1. **Strategy name:** Marcus, the new Zidane 2. **Boss (Realm):** The Final Jest P. 3, sub 30 3. **Describe your Strategy:** My FF9 stuff sucks, pulled Marcus AASB and can now do this auto sub 25. 4. ***Insight!:*** * Fairly straight forward, not sure that Eiko's Glint is even needed. * Recommend to give some HP to Marcus/Steiner, as they were closest to dead. * Odin Accesories on everyone. Marcus/Zidane are interchangable if you have Zidane's AASB but not Marcus, just use Marcus USB instead. Steiner might be replacable for someone else with AASB tbh. 5. **Medals lost:** 0 6. **Roaming Warrior:** Chain 7. **Percentage**/**Time:** 100%, 21~26 seconds, Speed 3 |Hero, dive|Ability 1|Ability 2|RM+LMR|SB(-)| |:---|:---|:---|:---|:---:| |Marcus, 5 |Life Siphon R1 |Dash N Slash R5 |LM1,LM2, Ace Striker|AASB| |Vivi, 5 |Chain Tornado R5 |-|+Blk LMs, Gathering Storm|USB1| |Eiko, 5 |Curada R5 |-|x2 White, Dr Mog|Glint+(pro/shell),USB1| |Steiner, 5 |Snowspell R5 |-|x2Spellblade, Battleforged|AASB| |Zidane, 5 |Storm Assault R5|-|x2 Thf, Mako Might|USB1, OSB| &amp;nbsp; Valefor Main Magicite, rest whatever you like. I have 3 hp boons. Nearly 0 magia and waters except for Vivi which had water HP and Magic.
I have yet to have trouble vs a SS, even those with Regen. Jean still can't be beat on Auto, whereas SS on Auto isn't great. I have a regen on him and he still dies if you don't time his 3 manually. tbh I wouldn't even use him unless Jean or Thanos are banned Jean/Thanos/Colossus still sweeps through everything. And even Jean/Taskmaster/Colossus beats anything easily on auto.
for all the hate Cracker gives bendela, she sure loves to reference her
Justin Timberlake? A cup of noodles is sexier
The Judges comments are so bad this ep lol, well its just Ru talking
those boots are so obvious to who it is lol
Alyssa has used those boots so much it was obvious lol
Alexis is so relatable
Did it and don't regret it, thx ru
Honestly yea, All Stars is always more of a scripted show than a reality TV show. She barely did anything to the song
oof if Shea had chosen someone else and Ongina chose herself :S
Not here for Cracker's eventual redemption arc, can someone just send her home pls. Conflicted about enjoying Alexis so much. Jujubee and Shea are queens.
Well Cracker finds it very hard to not be nasty, just ask Asia &amp; now Ongina.
*shivers in Gara, Khora, Octavia"
I did, still poop
this tweet has me in tears https://twitter.com/JMayLAX/status/1271604910744838148
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/uWrS2nbQ7NY/maxresdefault.jpg
“The same treatment” hmmm nope. cracker is being allowed to have a say in the way she acts in the week room with confessionals intertwined with the nonsense she spews that give an explanation or corroborate what she is saying. No POC villain has been afforded that by the show. And if you mean the fans reaction.... LOL
See but this is part of the problem, why is it now, Cracker getting criticism that is "the time to come together". I'm not coming for you but in the spirit of the topic of addressing the double standards. Back in S10 Vixen and Eureka were getting a lot of hate, people getting banned for being outright racist against Vixen. And yet the Eureka hate, which was because of her racist video and continuous foot-in-mouth disease, was what evoked the response from the mods to say "enough". Which prompted the sub to drag them to filth for not taking a stance sooner, you know several seasons of mostly black queens getting hate before. So there is a big issue when you equate 2nd episode of Cracker acting salty and people picking up on it to the stuff POC queens have had to dealt with.
her reaction to Ru asking if she wanted to meet her opponent was so funny too. I would had been like https://media3.giphy.com/media/l4pTsh45Dg7jnDM6Q/giphy.gif
she had some drama over hiring a photographer to take pics of her at a BLM protest. So I'm sure she is laying low. But the gays were going wild for her during Celeb, and she was milking it, so idk if she deleted or something. Too lazy to look her up.
I believe Shea talked about Meghan not even caring or knowing where she was. And she was acting like this was just a promo stint for her. Wouldn't say the names of the girls correctly or something. But it wasn't just Trinity who found her annoying
imo the only overreaction is the one about the reaction that (mostly) reddit is having to Cracker. It's not that big, it's not that serious, and she is gonna be just fine. It's like people have entered into a mental gymnastics competition of defending her over some criticism. I also wish people would stop comparing what she is going through to what black queens have gone through. Seriously, it's episode 2 and people are acting like her own fans are burning her merch or something.
When Peppermint guested in How to get away with murder, in Peppermint vs Cucu
then don't? All Stars is more of a tv show than a reality show, half the drama is scripted and the queens acting on their own. ie: Gia, Latrice, Trinity, Manila talking about their created drama moments from AS4
You had the drama they used it as preview for the episode, they teased it and then it fizzled out. Neither Mayhem spoke about it again, nor Juju referenced it. Just like Gia pretending she was gonna do Caitlyn for snatch game just to give some drama with Trinity when she was never gonna do Caitlyn
This has become impossible to discuss on the main sub, even the post where Phiphi calls this out is now people using things Phiphi did to discredit her opinion on the issue. You know, the one she lived through, Twice. People can't grasp the concept that it isn't about legitimizing the dislike for Miz Cracker but the double standard in the way fans are so quick to jump to her defense, diagnose her with all sorts of things, just to be ok with her behavior and how we all should be ok with it too vs how easy it is to believe that a Queen of Color is the devil because you saw 5 minutes of her being mean to someone else on the show. Some of the wildest takes I have seen in the main sub: "I relate to her so much, I'm also a cunt to my coworkers and then I get called out for it so its all good she is just being relatable!". "Miz Cracker isn't white, she is being treated like a POC, we should stand up for her!". I said it before but really the overreaction so far has been in the reaction to the issue. No one is burning Miz Cracker's merch and calling for her to be cancelled, posting deranged hateful videos towards her, or even filling her IG with snake emojis. Heck if she is smart she will use the lack of self awareness she has displayed on the show and turn it around like Alaska did. But anyway, I truly don't think this is gonna be the one where fans "get it". They are too far up Miz Cracker's butt that they can't see the bigger picture here.
i'm guessing you meant to comment on the other person's post?
oof the light on the judges panel, poor Michelle
she did? taste.
Anyone has found where you get: Hero Tissue Sample Abnormal Life for the Guardians epic quest items? Thx
to be fair, you could ask them to improve a mode and they will butcher it and make it worse.
well its separate questions so you have to answer which costumes, which characters and which modes
it depends really, because most of the people that will give you their sub 30 seconds level 60 wbu, are using CTP of Rage. For example my Cull Obsidian groups are: Enchantress - DP (ctp of D) - Shuri [Can do 90+] Nick Fury - Sharon (ctp of E) - Wave [80+] SW (Rage) - Valkyr - Taskmaster [80+] Dr Voodoo - Strange(rage) - Coulson [Can do 80+] White fox - Mystique (rage) - Prof X (Rage) [Can do 99]
Gladiator that high? I haven't seen him do anything noticeable. I have him built at 60, don't have mats for 70 yet, but honestly he feels pretty meh
I have fought him at 70 and again he dies so easily to Jean, Apoc, SS, Thanos. Even black widow
Yes and it attacked like 5 times before anyone else did anything killing off 2 teammmates right away lol
My biggest issue is the awakening skill, i got all of them maxed before the materials change and there's this huge gap in-between the Dragon Dog not doing anything. It wastes so much time. Plus the -resists down not being applied to WBU further kills their potential. I wish NM would go back and speed up the awakening skill and give it ignore resistances on their awakening.
oh my, would that be Beatrix + Rem syncs?
looks like banner 3 and 4 for me
they just "write" one article and then copy paste across al media sadly. Like when the clickbait regarding Katya spread like wildfire because none of them bothered to report correctly
What surprised me the most was the admission that this was their first time playing the series... and yet they got 400hrs already. Like, look back at the series and maybe see if the games are similar? I get new players maybe expected a the sims type of lifetime development, but getting 400 hours and then complaining? Lol
Did they say they are improving? I only saw they are changing the restrictions... which makes me think they adding some like "Only mutants" "only humans" etc like Battle Squad, so ppl have a tougher time getting the highest first time rewards now that there are a lot more characters than when it was first added.
i love jujubee soo much
guessing the ghost rider costume (for red hulk?) is going to be free from the new story
i miss s12
Dena Manager: Make sure to put the pink haired girl from FF13 on the banner picture. Dena Intern: Hmmm....
Mess all around. Mess in the lipsync. And I knew from the spoilersub that Mayhem was voting for herself, and I thought that was terrible. I hate when queens do that.... But I bet in the moment she knew damn well what the producers were trying to do and she said fuck y'all. Good for her tbh. Ugh this show, Rupaul overreacting to Cracker's semi-deaddrops made me roll my eyes lmao. That's just what the show has become. S12 was so good but this is already falling apart.
i mean at this point India could kill it and I'm sure they will put her in the btm
Good God Get a Grip Girl
Shangela's oscar winning "...yaaaay" always gets me
I mean she saw right through what the producers were doing and nope'd out. Should had put Michelle's name on it after that runaway comment tho
My blind ass always chooses tony stank
T
Huge pass for me, rather not support the random aspect in this. (Plus I’m only missing 4 of those so my chances are so low &gt;.&gt;)
I mean he is a mystique lite, and by lite I really mean almost as good. He lacks her team passive but has massive alldefense down and damage accumulation in damage dealt. He basically has max crit dmg through his passives as well. And abomination goes great with him for support. Literally only “issue” is there’s only one dr voodoo and one white fox as their leads make him destroy WBU. I needed one last super fast clear for proxima and he is it
Besides the passive I don’t see much use for him. Sure the lead is great for the hulks, but I expected more from a danger room character as they all have had quite an impact in the game. Makes me think adding him to DR was a last min decision
Puerto Rico has entered the chat.
